id,title,text,label
20040,Irma creates bittersweet travel bonus for luckier Caribbean islands,"(Reuters) - On Friday, a cruise ship carrying around 3,000 passengers will dock at St. John s harbor in the Caribbean island of Antigua. It will not be where the passengers expected to land when they booked, however. The Carnival Plc ship was meant to dock in Saint Martin, 100 miles (160 km) to the northwest. However, Hurricane Irma devastated the island, wrecking its port and infrastructure, and leaving it out of bounds for tourists. Antiguan officials now expect the Carnival Fascination to visit every Friday, and have gotten about 25 calls from major cruise lines such as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd and Norwegian Cruise Lines looking to make stops through the end of the year. For Asot Michael, Antigua and Barbuda s minister for tourism, the unexpected arrival of thousands of tourists is a bittersweet bonus.  We are going to be benefiting. I don t want to benefit from others  misfortune after such a disaster,  Michael said.  But because the port is so damaged in Saint Martin, so damaged in Tortola in the British Virgin Islands, we re getting some of those cancellations. Those cruise lines now are making ports of call into Antigua.      Hurricane Irma left behind a stark divide in the Caribbean ahead of the winter tourism season that is the region s economic lifeblood. As travel to the region picks up again, cruise lines, hotels, airlines and other companies are directing customers to places that are able to host them, and away from the worst-hit areas.  Popular winter vacation spots such as Saint Martin, the British Virgin Islands and Saint Barthelemy that were devastated by the storm could be sidelined for weeks or months.  In 2016, 29.3 million tourists visited the Caribbean and spent $35.5 billion, both new records, according to the Caribbean Tourism Organization.   For Saint Martin and Saint Bart, the holiday season looks very compromised,  said Jean-Pierre Mas, chairman of French travel agency federation SNAV.  My sentiment is that the winter season is lost. Decisions to book for the winter season are taken right now.   Busy tourist destinations in the western Caribbean, such as Barbados and Trinidad, were well away from the path of the storm. Cozumel, on Mexico s Gulf Coast, got four additional visits this week as ships were rerouted to avoid the storm s impact, although Cozumel tourism officials said three cruises were canceled.  Florida, which was anticipating another record year for its $100 billion a year tourism industry, is expected to rebound in time for the peak winter travel months, Moody s Analytics said earlier this week. Walt Disney Co reopened its Orlando Disney World theme park on Sept. 12. The Florida Keys, however, wrestled with more severe storm damage. [nL2N1LR0N1] [nF9N1L0029] [nL2N1LS1HW] Some travel companies said they are still assessing the situation and had not made firm decisions about rerouting ships. Tour operator Virgin Holidays said that it was beginning to return to regular operations in Antigua, despite damage to some properties on the island.  Antigua wasn t as badly damaged as we feared, and we have reopened tourism there, although three resorts are currently not on sale because of the damage,  a spokesman for Virgin Atlantic said.  Barbados, Trinidad and Tobago, St. Lucia are three big tourist examples that were not impacted.  However, the small island of Saint Martin, which France shares with the Netherlands, could miss out on much of its tourism season. French President Emmanuel Macron on Wednesday vowed to swiftly rebuild the islands of the French Caribbean, including Saint Martin, and a French public reinsurance body estimated a cost of at least 1.2 billion euros ($1.4 billion) from the damage there and in Saint Barthelemy. [nL2N1LT1SF] [nL5N1LQ09G] Hurricane Irma badly damaged many hotels on the island, such as AccorHotels Mercure hotel. A spokeswoman for Accor said that while nobody had been hurt, the hotel would be closed until Jan. 8 at least.  While 70 hotel rooms remain operational, they are being used to house military forces and other staff that are supporting the relief effort. AccorHotels is offering cancellation and reimbursement for those who had booked stays at the hotel. ",1
20041,Irma shakes Havana's deadly crumbling buildings,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Roydis Vald s  dilapidated home on Animas Street in the densely packed center of Old Havana had been declared uninhabitable by Cuba s Communist authorities years ago, his neighbors said. After Hurricane Irma shook the Cuban capital - a crumbling architectural jewel of the Caribbean - Vald s and his brother  were found under a collapsed wall, just two of the seven people killed by falling buildings on the island. Havana s historic center, where baroque Spanish colonial-era palaces butt shoulders with sleek Art Deco apartment buildings, was already crumbling before it took a lashing from Irma - a visible reminder of the hardship caused by a 57-year U.S. trade embargo.  Residents fear the violent storm - the worst to hit the Cuban mainland since 1932 - will accelerate the city s decline. While the eye of the hurricane did not reach the capital, tropical-storm force winds and heavy rains of its outer bands, as well as a storm surge, wrought havoc on its decrepit buildings. Salty water from Irma s heavy rains that has seeped into the brick and mortar of the capital s buildings will worsen corrosion and likely cause a raft of new collapses, residents and architects warn.  Now when the sun comes out, that s when things will really start to fall apart in Havana,  said Berta Rodriguez, a 71-year-old pensioner who lives on Animas Street and knew Vald s and his brother well.  We spent years asking the state to remove them from there,  she said, crying.  The state has to answer for this.      Irma has shone an unwelcome spotlight on the Caribbean nation s housing problems at a tricky time for the government. Already dealing with a cash crunch in the wake of a steep decline in aid from its key ally, Venezuela, Cuba also faces a political transition as President Raul Castro steps down next year, symbolizing the passing of the baton from the generation that led the 1959 Revolution. Rodriguez, who evacuated to her son s sturdier home during the hurricane, says she has been asking the Communist authorities for a new home for more than 20 years, echoing the frustrations of many Havana residents. After the Revolution led by Raul Castro s elder brother Fidel, the Cuban state confiscated many of Havana s grand historic buildings and distributed them to poor and middle-class families who over the years have divided them into ever-smaller units. Maintaining those buildings in a punishing tropical climate, however, fell by the wayside as the Communist government prioritized universal healthcare and education, as well as building infrastructure in the impoverished countryside. With state salaries averaging $30 per month and credit hard to get, Cubans say they do not have the money to fix up buildings themselves.  A builder told me I need to repair the walls that are full of holes, but I couldn t find the cash,  said Rodriguez, who suffers from chronic bronchitis made worse by her badly leaking ceiling. About 4,400 cases of damage to housing were reported in the capital due to Irma, state-run media said on Thursday. Of those, authorities confirmed nearly 1,200 buildings were entirely or partially destroyed. The city is working on restoring damaged roofs and preparing two shelters for families left homeless, the newspaper Granma added. But this will solve only part of a far greater problem. The housing deficit in the nation of 11 million people rose last year by 30,000 to nearly 900,000 units, the government told parliament in July.  In Havana, it estimated a shortage of more than 200,000 homes. The state had built 316,595 homes between 1990 and 2013, an effort that the president of the Construction Commission Santiago Lajes Choy told parliament was still  insufficient.  Litza Penalver, whose sister s family lives in the building on Animas street partially destroyed by Irma, said authorities want to get residents out now.   They want to demolish it, to cover up their errors,  she said.  They want to oblige us to stay in a large shelter and wait (for a new house) but the wait can last 30 years - Cuba doesn t have the resources.  Many Havana residents say they would prefer to stay in their decrepit homes, no matter how dangerous, rather than move to large shelters that offer no privacy. Still, with the rainy season ongoing, many worry that more hurricanes could hit before it ends in November.  While Irma has exacerbated frustration with Cuba s housing problems, even dissidents say it is unlikely to fuel outright opposition to the government.  There might be more spontaneous, isolated expressions of discontent,  said Jose Daniel Ferrer, leader of the Patriotic Union of Cuba (UNPACU), one of the island s largest dissident groups.  But not organized protests with clear political aims given the high level of repression at the moment.  Rodriguez, Penalver and others on Animas Street said theirs was not a political problem and noted they were strong supporters of the Revolution that toppled right-wing dictator Fulgencio Batista in 1959 and subsequently provided free healthcare and education to ordinary Cubans.  I love my country,  said Penalver, adding she had a Spanish passport but chose to live in Cuba.  I m not looking for political problems. I m looking for solution to the housing issue.  ",1
20042,Hostile same-sex marriage vote spurs Australia to amend anti-hate law," (In this Sept. 13 story, corrects definition of intersex in paragraph 5.) SYDNEY (Reuters) - The alarming volume of hate-speech during Australia s ballot over whether to legalize same-sex marriage spurred parliament  to pass emergency legislation on Wednesday to outlaw opponents spewing their vitriol while the vote was in progress. Australia began a non-compulsory postal vote on Tuesday that will determine whether it becomes the 25th country to legalize same-sex marriage. But with an emotionally charged campaign raising concerns about the welfare of vulnerable Australians, the government moved to strengthen laws preventing hate-speech. The opposition Labor Party supported the amendment, though it had rejected the need for a ballot on the issue. Until voting ends on November 7, anyone found guilty of intimidation, or threats to cause harm on the basis of the sexual orientation, gender identity, intersex status - people who are born with genetic, hormonal or physical sex characteristics that are not typically male or female - or the religious convictions of someone will be liable to fines of A$12,500 (over $10,000) and a court injunction.  This bill cannot stop all of the hurt, all of the prejudice that is being expressed, all of the lack of acceptance that is being communicated to LGBTI Australians, to same-sex couple families. But it provides limited protections,  said Penny Wong, leader of the opposition in the senate. ",1
20043,U.S. must consider broader Iran threats when formulating new strategy:  Tillerson,"LONDON (Reuters) - The United States must consider the full threat it says Iran poses to the Middle East when formulating its new policy toward Tehran, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday, adding that Iran had breached the spirit of a 2015 nuclear deal.  Tillerson, made the comments during a visit to Britain to see Prime Minister Theresa May and foreign minister Boris Johnson. The trip was billed as focusing on the relief effort after Hurricane Irma, how to respond to North Korea s nuclear test, and resolving the political deadlock in Libya. But he was outspoken in his criticism of Iran when asked whether he believed it was meeting the obligations of a 2015 international nuclear agreement designed to curb an Iranian nuclear program in return for lifting most Western sanctions. Tillerson cited the preface of the nuclear deal, which calls on Iran to contribute positively to regional security.   In our view, Iran is clearly in default of these expectations ... through their actions to prop up the Assad regime (in Syria), to engage in malicious activities in the region, including cyber activities, aggressively developing ballistic missiles,  he told a news conference.  We have to consider the totality of Iran s activities and not let our view be defined solely by the nuclear agreement.  He was speaking before the United States announced it had imposed sanctions on seven Iranian individuals and two entities, alleging involvement in either malicious cyber activities or enabling Tehran s ballistic missile program. U.S. President Donald Trump has previously expressed doubts about the nuclear deal, and in April his administration said it would review whether the lifting of sanctions against Iran was in the United States  national security interest. Trump is weighing a strategy that could allow more aggressive U.S. responses to Iran s forces, its Shi ite Muslim proxies in Iraq and Syria, and its support for militant groups. Earlier on Thursday, a North Korean state agency threatened to reduce the United States to  ashes and darkness  for supporting a U.N. Security Council resolution and sanctions over its latest nuclear test. Tillerson said he was hopeful that China would decide to use the  powerful tool  of oil supplies to put pressure on Pyongyang, but conceded that it would be difficult to agree an oil embargo through the United Nations Security Council. North Korea carried out its sixth and largest nuclear test earlier this month.  I am hopeful that China, as a great country, a world power, will decide on their own, will take it upon themselves to use that very powerful tool of oil supply to persuade North Korea to reconsider its current path towards weapons development, reconsider its approach to dialogue and negotiations in the future,  he said. Commenting on violence in Myanmar against the minority Rohingya population, Tillerson said the country faced a defining moment.  I think it is important that the global community speak out in support of what we all know the expectation is for the treatment of people regardless of their ethnicity,  he added.  This violence must stop, this persecution must stop.  He said he understood that Myanmar s Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel prize laureate and de facto head of the government in Myanmar, was in a power-sharing agreement with the military and it was a  complex situation  in which she found herself. (Corrects seventh paragraph to say ballistic missile program, not nuclear program.) ",1
20044,Yemen's Houthi leader says could target Saudi oil tankers if Hodeidah attacked,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen s Houthi leader Abdel-Malek al-Houthi said on Thursday his group could target Saudi oil tankers should Saudi Arabia attack Yemen s main port at Hodeidah.   We could target Saudi oil tankers and we could do anything,  he said.  In a televised speech, the leader also said his group s ballistic missiles were capable of reaching the United Arab Emirates  capital of Abu Dhabi and anywhere inside Saudi Arabia.  It was unclear whether the Houthi group has the capability to carry out its threats. Abdel Malek said the Houthis had successfully fired a missile at Abu Dhabi earlier this month, meaning the United Arab Emirates was no longer safe from attack. He gave no further details and there has been no indication by the UAE of any missiles landing on their territory.  UAE Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Gargash said on Twitter his country was not intimidated by Houthi threats.  The Houthis  comments threatening the UAE and its capital are tangible proof of the need for the Decisive Storm (operation),  Gargash said, referring to the Saudi-led coalition intervening in Yemen.  Iran s militias have vile objectives and represent a real threat,  he added. Yemen has been devastated by more than two years of civil war in which President Abd Rabu Hadi s government, backed by the coalition, is fighting to drive the Iran-allied Houthis out of cities they seized in 2014 and 2015 in a rapid rise to national power.  Today the port of Hodeidah is being threatened and we cannot turn a blind eye to that,  Abdel-Malek said.   If the Saudi regime and with a green light from the U.S. attack Hodeidah then we have to take steps that we haven t taken before.   The United Nations had proposed that the Red Sea port of Hodeidah, where 80 percent of food imports arrive, should be handed to a neutral party, to smooth the flow of humanitarian relief and prevent the port being engulfed by Yemen s two-year-old war. The government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi accuses the Houthis of using the port to smuggle in weapons and of collecting custom duties on goods, which they use to finance the war. The Houthis deny this. ",1
20045,Kremlin accuses West of 'whipping up hysteria' over Russian war games,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia accused the West on Thursday of  whipping up hysteria  over large-scale military exercises underway in eastern Europe and denied charges that they were being conducted with a lack of transparency. The exercises, codenamed ""Zapad"", or ""West"", started on Thursday and will last until Sept. 20. They are being conducted  on military ranges in Belarus, western Russia, Russia's exclave of Kaliningrad and in the Baltic Sea. (For graphic, click tmsnrt.rs/2iIkjEU)  We reject complaints of these exercises not being transparent,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters.  We believe that whipping up hysteria around these exercises is a provocation.   It is a normal practice for any country to hold such exercises. Everything is being held in line with international law,  Peskov said. Russian President Vladimir Putin may visit one of the stages of these drills, he said.     NATO is closely watching the exercises and says they are larger than the 12,700 servicemen Moscow has publicized, actually numbering some 100,000 troops, and involve firing nuclear-capable ballistic missiles. Russia s defense ministry reiterated on Thursday that the exercises are of a purely defensive nature and are not a threat to any third country or group of countries. But NATO officials say the drills will simulate a conflict with the U.S.-led alliance intended to show Russia s ability to mass large numbers of troops at short notice in the event of a conflict. In a statement, the Pentagon said that while Russia and Belarus had taken some steps towards providing transparency, there were concerns about the official estimate of troop numbers.  We urge Russia to share information regarding its exercises and operations in NATO s vicinity to clearly convey its intentions and minimize any misunderstandings,  Lieutenant Colonel Michelle Baldanza, a Pentagon spokeswoman, said in a statement.   In response to this uncertainty, the U.S. has built a joint, persistent rotational presence of air, land, and sea presence in the region to support our Allies,  she added. Amid allegations about Moscow s aggressive ambitions from its post-communist neighbors, Russia s defense ministry has said that it does not intend to use the drills as a springboard to attack Lithuania, Poland or Ukraine. Moscow says it is the West that threatens stability in eastern Europe, because NATO has put a 4,000-strong multinational force in the Baltics and Poland. Russia s defense ministry said the current drills involve some 7,200 troops from Belarus and 5,500 from Russia, up to 70 aircraft and helicopters, up to 680 units of military hardware, including 250 tanks, up to 200 artillery pieces, multiple rocket launchers and mortars, and up to 10 warships.  ",1
20046,Head of Russian general staff reassures NATO over war games: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - General Valery Gerasimov, the chief of Russia s general staff, told Curtis Scaparrotti, a U.S general who is NATO Supreme Allied Commander in Europe, that Moscow s latest military exercise was purely defensive, the RIA news agency reported. RIA said that Gerasimov was referring to the exercise, codenamed  Zapad , or  West , which began on Thursday and will last until Sept. 20. It is being conducted on military ranges in Belarus, western Russia, Russia s exclave of Kaliningrad and in the Baltic Sea. NATO is closely watching the exercises and says they are larger than the 12,700 servicemen Moscow has publicized, actually numbering some 100,000 troops, and involve firing nuclear-capable ballistic missiles. ",1
20047,Toll of U.S. staff hurt in mysterious Cuba incidents now 21: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. officials are aggressively investigating what caused symptoms ranging from hearing loss to mild brain injury in 21 people linked to the U.S. Embassy in Cuba, a State Department official said on Thursday. Spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a briefing that no new incidents had been reported since late August but testing continued, with 21 people saying they had been injured in what some media accounts have called an  acoustic attack.   We are, at the State Department, very deeply concerned about what has taken place and what has happened to our American personnel who have been serving at our embassy in Cuba,  Nauert said.  This has certainly turned out to be a difficult situation for some of our people.  The incidents, which began in late 2016, were first confirmed by a U.S. official in August. Nauert said at that time 16 people had been injured. Some of those had returned home for testing and treatment, Nauert said, while others had been tested in Cuba, where the embassy has a fulltime medical officer. News media have reported that Americans and Canadians working in Cuba have been diagnosed with hearing loss, nausea, headaches, balance disorders and conditions as serious as mild traumatic brain injury and damage to the central nervous system.  The investigation into all of this is still underway. It is an aggressive investigation that continues and we will continue doing this until we find out who or what is responsible for this,  Nauert said. She said U.S. diplomatic security personnel had been able to look through the rooms of some of those injured and conducted searches but still had not determined the cause of the injuries. Nauert said people were still being tested and it was possible the number of injured personnel would rise. ",1
20048,"Fearing Russia, Sweden holds biggest war games in 20 years","GOTHENBURG, Sweden (Reuters) - Neutral Sweden has launched its biggest war games in two decades with support from NATO countries, drilling 19,000 troops after years of spending cuts that have left the country fearful of Russia s growing military strength. On the eve of Russia s biggest maneuvers since 2013, which NATO says will be greater than the 13,000 troops Moscow says are involved, Sweden will simulate an attack from the east on the Baltic island of Gotland, near the Swedish mainland.  The security situation has taken a turn for the worse,  Micael Byden, the commander of the Swedish Armed Forces, said during a presentation of the three-week-long exercise.  Sweden, like the Baltics, Poland and much of the West, has been deeply troubled by Russia s 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Black Sea peninsula Crimea and its support for rebels in eastern Ukraine.   Russia is the country that affects security in Europe right now with its actions - the annexation of the Crimea and continued battles in eastern Ukraine - so it is clear that we are watching very closely what Russia is doing,  Byden said.  Around 1,500 troops from the United States, France, Norway and other NATO allies are taking part in the exercise dubbed Aurora. Non-NATO member Sweden has decided to beef up its military after having let spending drop from over 2 percent of economic output in the early 1990s to around 1 percent, and is re-introducing conscription. The armed forces, which at one point could mobilise more than 600,000, stand at just 20,000, with 22,000 more Home Guard volunteers.   NATO generals say the Aurora exercise is not a response to Russian exercises that start on Thursday. But Byden, speaking as U.S. and French forces displayed mobile surface-to-air missile systems to be deployed during the exercise, stressed the importance of NATO for Sweden.   We are a sovereign country that takes care of and is responsible for our safety. We do this together with others, ready to both support and receive help,  he said. The United States shipped vehicles by sea from Germany, while France brought others by train. They are to be moved via a classified route to Sweden s east coast for the exercise where U.S. attack helicopters will play the enemy during Aurora.  The government is determined to stick to the country s formal neutrality. Sweden has not fought a war since it clashed with Norway in 1814. But like its non-NATO neighbor Finland, Sweden has been drawing closer to NATO, allowing closer cooperation with alliance troops, with a view to working together in the event of an armed conflict. ",1
20049,"Trump says he will visit Japan, South Korea, China in November","ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that he would visit Japan, South Korea and China in November, a trip he added would possibly include Vietnam for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) conference. Trump, who has been focused on working with China to try to curb North Korea s nuclear program, noted he had been invited to the U.S-ASEAN summit in the Philippines, but he was not definitive about his attendance.  We ll probably all be going over (to Asia) in a group in November. And we ll be doing Japan, South Korea, possibly Vietnam with the conference,  Trump said. When asked about the ASEAN summit in the Philippines, Trump acknowledged he had been invited, but said:  We re going to see.  U.S. Vice President Mike Pence announced in April during a visit to Jakarta that Trump would attend the summits in the Philippines and Vietnam. ",1
20050,Trump to meet Latin American leaders with eye on Venezuela,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has invited three Latin American leaders to dine with him next week in New York as he seeks to address the Venezuela crisis and build bridges with the region after an acrimonious start with neighbor Mexico. The political and economic turmoil in Venezuela, source of 10 percent of the oil consumed by the United States, will almost certainly top the agenda when he receives the center-right presidents of Peru, Colombia and Brazil at Trump Tower on Monday evening, diplomats said.  Trump needs to show that he has good friends in the region who share a positive agenda with the United States, but I am not sure he will get what he wants,  said a Brazilian diplomat, who asked not to be named to be able to speak freely on the matter. White House officials confirmed Trump will dine with several Latin Americans leaders on Monday night with Venezuela expected to be the main topic of conversation. Cuba will also be discussed, one of the officials said.  The dinner will take place on the eve of the opening of the U.N. General Assembly in New York. Mexico s President Enrique Pena Nieto, who will leave office after elections next year, has decided not to attend.  Trump has annoyed Mexico, his country s main trading partner in Latin America, by accusing it of stealing U.S. jobs, threatening to pull out of the North American Free Trade Agreement and insisting it pays for a border wall he plans to build to keep out illegal immigrants. Trump has no major initiatives under way with other Latin American countries. In fact, two of his three guests on Monday - Colombia and Peru - are members of the Trans-Pacific Partnership which the United States withdrew from shortly after he took office. On Wednesday, Trump upset Colombia, the South American nation with the closest ties to Washington, by threatening to blacklist it for failing to stop a surge in cocaine production, most of which ends up sold on the streets of U.S. cities. The two countries have long been close allies in the fight against illegal narcotics but in recent years broadened the focus of their relationship to include trade and Colombia s peace process with leftist guerrillas.        Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos  government rejected the criticism of his country s anti-drug record on Thursday.     Shared concern over how to deal with Venezuela, where at least 125 people were killed in four months of demonstrations against the Socialist government, will dominate Monday s dinner, according to Latin America expert Michael Shifter.  Trump and his team are very worried about Venezuela and they want to consult with Venezuela s neighbors Colombia and Brazil, and Peru s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, who has taken a leading role on the Venezuelan issue in the region,  said Shifter, president of the Inter-American Dialogue, a Washington-based policy group. Thousands of Venezuelans have spilled over the border into Colombia and Brazil, fleeing the once-prosperous oil-producing nation that opponents of President Nicholas Maduro say has become a dictatorship. While the Latin American leaders due to meet with Trump have stepped up pressure on Maduro to free political prisoners and hold general elections, they are unlikely to agree to the tougher unilateral economic sanctions that the U.S. president favors.  Colombia and Brazil prefer a negotiated solution to the crisis and not economic sanctions that will hurt the Venezuelan people more than the government,  the Brazilian diplomat said. Meetings due this week in the Dominican Republic between the Venezuelan government and the opposition could be a start in solving the crisis, as long as Maduro is not just out to win time, the diplomat said.  The opposition, however, says it has so far only agreed to send a delegation to discuss with Dominican President Danilo Medina the conditions under which talks could begin. Peru has not objected to the financial sanctions imposed by the Trump administration on the Maduro government, Shifter said.  But if the U.S. ratchets up sanctions, like cutting off oil imports, and takes a more interventionist position on Venezuela, that could distance the United States from its Latin American neighbors,  he said.   ",1
20051,Bulgarian court sentences three Syrians on terrorism charges,"SOFIA (Reuters) - A Bulgarian court on Thursday sentenced three Syrians to six years in jail on terrorism charges. The Speciliased Criminal Court convicted the three men for entering the Balkan country aiming to carry out terrorist actions abroad, but acquitted them from charges of being members of Islamic State and Muslim Brotherhood. The three men, aged 20, 22 and 25, were arrested last February while trying to enter Turkey from Bulgaria and accused of attempting to join Islamic State in Syria. They have been in custody since then. The three men, who had obtained refugee status in Germany, denied any wrongdoing. Their lawyers said they will appeal the sentence. ",1
20052,Turkey feels betrayed over EU accession but still wants to join the club,"LONDON (Reuters) - Turkey feels betrayed by some European Union leaders who have called for the end of accession talks but still hopes eventually to join the bloc, Turkish EU Minister Omer Celik said on Thursday. The European Union has become increasingly critical of Turkey s membership drive since President Tayyip Erdogan launched a crackdown on critics - including journalists and academics - after a failed 2016 coup. Erdogan accused Berlin of  Nazi-like  tactics in March when it prevented Turkish ministers speaking at expatriate rallies in Germany. Chancellor Angela Merkel said in an election debate ten days ago it was clear Turkey should not join the EU and entry talks should end, despite it being a crucial NATO ally. Celik chided European Union leaders over statements on Turkish accession and said some, such as Merkel, were using the criticism to deflect attention away from the EU s internal problems such as Brexit, migration and reform.  They put all those aside and they stoke antagonism towards Turkey in order to cover up their vital internal problems,  Celik told Reuters in an interview.  We are indeed disappointed by Merkel and some others in the EU: at one of the hardest times in our history we were left alone by our friends and allies,  he said through a translator. When asked if Turkey felt betrayed, he said:  Yes .  The abortive coup, in which more than 260 people were killed as mutinous soldiers commandeered fighter jets, helicopters and tanks in a bid to seize power, has deepened a rift between Ankara and its Western allies. Turkish officials said some Western allies were far too slow in showing solidarity with Erdogan after the coup which they cast as a well-planned attempt to subvert Turkish democracy. Since then, some 50,000 people including journalists, opposition figures, civil servants and others have been detained. The crackdown has alarmed rights groups and some of Turkey s Western allies. Celik said that EU leaders such as Merkel had failed to keep their promises to Turkey on its EU bid which began in 1987 with an application to join what was then the European Economic Community. Turkey s accession negotiations began in 2005.  The EU has failed to keep all of its promises whereas Turkey has delivered on all of the promises it made,  Celik said.  Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, said on Wednesday he saw no prospect of Turkey joining the EU in  the foreseeable future .  What has Mr Junker done, what giant strides has he made, to find solutions to bring the EU and Turkey closer? That is my question for Mr Juncker,  Celik said.   If Germany keeps giving orders to the EU institutions   such as cutting negotiations with Turkey   then it will strengthen the hand of racist groups in Europe,  he said. Formally ending Turkey s accession negotiations would require unanimity among EU states, which is lacking, though majority backing is enough to suspend them. Celik suggested that a leaders summit of the EU and Turkey be called to improve relations.  Turkey has not given up on its target to be a full member of the EU: We are eager and willing to find solutions to move forward,  he said. EU leaders will discuss Turkey at a summit in Brussels in October, though any formal decision on its future may not come before next spring.  Celik dismissed concerns that Turkey s purchase of an S-400 air missile defense system from Russia indicated the NATO member could be turning away from the West.  It is obvious on which side Turkey really is,  he said.  Turkey has made immense contributions to security and prosperity in Europe.   When it comes to Turkey being an integral part of NATO and Turkey having friendly relations with Russia, it is not an  either or : they don t exclude each other and are complementary to each other.  ",1
20053,Trump says Iran is violating 'spirit' of Iran nuclear deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that Iran is violating  the spirit  of the Iran nuclear deal, but stopped short of saying whether he will refuse to recertify the agreement. Talking to reporters aboard Air Force One as he flew to Washington after a visit to storm-hit Florida, Trump called the Iran deal negotiated by former President Barack Obama,  one of the worst deals I have ever seen.  Saying that Iran is violating  the spirit  of the agreement, Trump said,  We are not going to stand for what they are doing.  ",1
20054,Italy's Northern League criticizes magistrates after bank accounts frozen,"ROME (Reuters) - The leader of one of Italy s biggest political parties, the Northern League, criticized magistrates on Thursday after the Genoa court froze several of the bloc s bank accounts. Matteo Salvini, speaking to reporters at the lower house of parliament, said five of the party s bank accounts were frozen on Thursday, following a July conviction of party founder Umberto Bossi and others of illegal use of party funds. The court in Genoa in northern Italy has accepted a request by prosecutors in the fraud case to preventively freeze the accounts, a source close to the matter told Reuters.  The magistrates are trying to outlaw a political party,  Salvini said.  They re trying to stop the advance of the League, which has reached a historic high.  Salvini said he would meet with the party s lawyers on Friday to discuss how to fight the seizure. Bossi is no longer in frontline politics, but he remains an influential figure in the party. In July, the Genoa court said Bossi had used party funds to pay for family expenses. The ruling is being appealed and is not definitive. The League would win 15 percent of the vote if an election were held now, recent polls show, which is about three times higher than it faired in the 2014 European elections.  That would make it the country s third most-popular party, and a national vote is due early next year. As hundreds of thousands of boat migrants have arrived in Italy in the past three years, the opposition Northern League has attacked the government s and the European Union s handling of the immigration crisis.  At the same time, Salvini has tried to broaden the appeal of the party, which was founded to protest Rome s funneling of taxpayer money to the under-developed south.  ",1
20055,France calls for rapid resolution in case of journalist arrested in Turkey,"ANKARA (Reuters) - France s foreign minister called on Thursday for a rapid resolution in the case of a French journalist seized by Turkish security forces on the Iraqi border last month, so that he can return to his family. Loup Bureau was held by Turkish border guards on the frontier with Iraq in early August after he was found to have photographs and interviews with Kurdish militia fighters among his possessions.  We have asked for a swift trial so that our citizen can return to France and rejoin his family,  Jean-Yves Le Drian told a news conference with his Turkish counterpart Mevlut Cavusoglu in the Turkish capital.  We have also asked for Loup Bureau s family to be granted access to visit him and you (Cavusoglu) have confirmed this to me and we have asked for an improvement in his prison conditions,  Le Drian said. Last month, French President Emmanuel Macron expressed his concerns about Bureau s detention in a telephone call with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan. Turkey considers the Kurdish YPG militia, with which Bureau is accused of having links, to be an extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group. The PKK has fought a three-decade insurgency in southeast Turkey and is designated a terrorist organization by Ankara, the United States and European Union.  ",1
20056,Brazilian police raid home of farm minister in graft probe,"BRASILIA/SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazilian police raided the home of Agriculture Minister Blairo Maggi on Thursday in a corruption investigation linked to his time as a state governor, adding to the graft scandals rocking President Michel Temer s government.  Last month the Supreme Court opened a bribery probe into Maggi s role in a scheme known as  mensalinho,  a payment of a monthly stipend to lawmakers in exchange for political support in his home state of Mato Grosso. He served two terms as governor there between 2003 and 2010. According to a person with direct knowledge of the matter, the raid was linked to a plea deal by former Mato Grosso state governor Silval Barbosa, who accuses Maggi of participating in the corruption scheme.  Barbosa was Maggi s vice-governor, replacing him in the top job in 2010 when Maggi resigned to run for a seat in Brazil s Senate. Barbosa was subsequently elected to a four-year term that ended in 2014. Maggi denied any wrongdoing, claiming in a statement that Barbosa  lied  in his plea bargain testimony.  I never authorized any illegal actions while in office nor have I obstructed justice,  Maggi said.  Maggi is a billionaire who was once Brazil s largest soybean producer. His family firm Amaggi SA runs large farms in Mato Grosso and operates a commodity trading business that competes in Brazil with global firms like Archer Daniels Midland Co, Cargill Inc and Bunge Ltd. Mato Grosso, where federal police said they served search warrants in nine cities, is a major producer of grains and cattle. Raids were also conducted in S o Paulo and Bras lia, the police said in a statement. The probe marks the latest blow to Temer s administration, whose economic reform agenda has been repeatedly thwarted by graft investigations that have targeted top officials, including the president. Temer has denied any wrongdoing. ",1
20057,"Germany should be proud of its WW2 soldiers, far-right candidate says","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germans should be proud of what their soldiers achieved during World War One and Two, the top candidate of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) said ahead of the Sept. 24 election at which his party his expected to enter parliament. The anti-immigrant AfD is on up to 12 percent in opinion polls, meaning it could become the third biggest party in Germany s lower house behind Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD).  If I look around Europe, no other people has dealt as clearly with their past wrongs as the Germans,  76-year-old Alexander Gauland said in a speech to supporters on Sept. 2 that has since been posted on YouTube. The Nazis ruled Germany from 1933 to 1945, during which time they killed 6 million Jews in the Holocaust.  People no longer need to reproach us with these 12 years - they don t relate to our identity nowadays,  Gauland said, referring to the Nazi era. He said the battle of Verdun during World War One belonged to German history, as did Erwin Rommel, the World War Two field marshal celebrated as the  Desert Fox , and army officer Claus von Stauffenberg, who led an unsuccessful attempt to assassinate Hitler in July 1944 with a bomb hidden in a briefcase. Gauland said Germany needed to reclaim its history.  If the French are rightly proud of their emperor and the Britons of Nelson and Churchill, we have the right to be proud of the achievements of the German soldiers in two world wars,  Gauland said. The AfD did not immediately respond to a request for comment. In January, Bjoern Hoecke, the AfD s chief in the eastern state of Thuringia, provoked outrage for describing the Holocaust Memorial in Berlin as a  monument of shame  and for demanding a  180 degree turnaround  in the way Germany seeks to atone for Nazi crimes. ",1
20058,U.S. will stand be steadfast ally to Britain as Brexit takes shape: Tillerson,"LONDON (Reuters) - The United States will stand by Britain as it exits the European Union, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday after a meeting with British foreign minister Boris Johnson in London.  While Brexit does present unique challenges to the British people, please know that you have a steadfast ally in the United States,  Tillerson said at a news conference.  We will stand by our ally as Brexit continues to take shape. We look forward to continuing this long relationship.  ",1
20059,"U.S. sanctions seven Iranian individuals, two entities","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Thursday slapped sanctions on seven Iranian individuals and two entities, alleging involvement in either malicious cyber activities or enabling Tehran s ballistic missile program. The action, announced on the U.S. Treasury Department s website, freezes any assets they may hold in the United States and prohibits U.S. individuals from doing business with them. (Corrects first paragraph to say ballistic missile program, not nuclear program.) ",1
20060,Turkish police fire tear gas at protesters outside hunger strikers' trial,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish police fired tear gas to disperse protesters outside a courthouse in Ankara on Thursday at the start of the trial of two teachers who have been on hunger strike since losing their jobs in a crackdown following last year s failed coup. Literature professor Nuriye Gulmen and primary school teacher Semih Ozakca have been surviving on liquids and supplements for six months, and doctors have described their condition as dangerously weak. They were detained in May over alleged links to the militant leftist DHKP-C group, deemed a terrorist organization by Turkey, and the court on Thursday ruled that they be remanded in custody until the next session in two weeks. Neither they nor their original lawyers were in court. The gendarmerie said the defendants might try to escape from the courtroom, despite their weakened state, and arrest warrants were issued this week for 18 of their lawyers.  Police attempted to break up the protests using tear gas, and riot police were present inside and outside the building. At least 20 protesters were detained, being dragged along the ground in the process.  The first obstacle before a fair trial was the detention of their lawyers, which also served as a veiled intimidation attempt at the judges trying them. Now they are not brought to court, in an open breach of their right to defend,  said Baris Yarkadas, a lawmaker from the main opposition Republican People s Party (CHP). At least a hundred lawyers were present at the courthouse to defend the teachers, along with CHP parliamentarians and the pro-Kurdish opposition Peoples  Democratic Party (HDP). The court refused the applications of 1,030 lawyers who wanted to represent the teachers, saying it would limit the defense s representation to three lawyers for the duration of the trial. The trial s second hearing will be held in Ankara on Sept. 28. The teachers have said their hunger strike aimed to draw attention to the plight of roughly 150,000 people suspended or sacked since last July s failed coup, which President Tayyip Erdogan blames on followers of U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen. Gulen denies any involvement. Last month, the European Court of Human Rights rejected a request by the two teachers to order Ankara to release them on health grounds. Since the failed coup attempt, some 50,000 people including journalists, opposition figures, civil servants and others have been detained in the crackdown. Rights groups and Turkey s Western allies accuse the government of using the coup as a pretext to muzzle dissent. Ankara says the purges are necessary due to the gravity of the threats it faces. ",1
20061,"France to make armed street patrols more random, nimble","PARIS (Reuters) - France will make the armed soldiers patrolling its streets against jihadi attacks more mobile and their deployment less predictable but will not cut their numbers, ministers said on Thursday. Some 10,000 soldiers, including 3,000 reservists, have been patrolling the streets of Paris and other French cities since the Islamic State attacks in early 2015 in what is known as  Operation Sentinelle . But although opinion polls show people are reassured by soldiers on show at home, military chiefs said the operation has overstretched the army, soldiers have become targets for militants and some critics see it as no more than a PR exercise.  There is no change in the size of the Sentinelle force,  Defence Minister Florence Parly said in a news conference.  What is changing, is the way we will organize these troops. We have to become more unpredictable,  she said. Soldiers will continue to patrol the most sensitive sites such as airports, stations and areas popular with tourists, and will intervene during specific sport or cultural events. But other patrols will become more random and reactive, ministers said. Making the soldiers less static will reduce the risks of them becoming targets and improve troops  morale, Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said.   In February last year, a French soldier who was part of Operation Sentinelle shot an Egyptian man armed with machetes who attacked him near the entrance to the Louvre museum shouting Allahu Akbar. ",1
20062,No country for migrant stowaways caught on ferry between Ukraine and Turkey,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Twelve migrants, apparently from North Africa, have been sailing to and fro on a Danish passenger ferry between Istanbul and Odessa for the last seven weeks locked in four cabins, with no country willing to take them. According to the Danish DFDS ferry operator, Turkey and Ukraine both refuse to accept the men, who have been violent and threatening suicide.  There has been a tendency to violence and aggressions and they have threatened to jump overboard... so there is no alternative to locking them inside the cabins,  a DFDS spokesman told Reuters on Thursday.  DFDS has hired Turkish guards and invited authorities from the United Nations aboard to question the men of which they believe at least six are Moroccans and four Algerian. The origin of the remaining two is still unknown. The Danish Foreign Ministry has opened negotiations with Turkey, Ukraine and, since the ferry is sailing under the Lithuanian flag, with Vilnius.  The problem can be solved. All it takes is a quick decision from Ankara or Kiev,  a source in the Danish Foreign Ministry with knowledge of the negotiations told Reuters.  A spokesman for the Ukrainian border service said the men wanted to go from Turkey to Romania but got on the wrong ferry and ended up in Ukraine, where they cannot be taken in because they do not have documents.  The problem is that Turkey doesn t want to take them, but Turkey should take them because they sailed from Turkey,  he said, adding that in accordance with the bilateral agreement, the country that delivered these people should take them back.  That s why they ve been cruising about on that ferry,  he said. A Turkish foreign ministry official said the case was being followed  with all related institutions .     DFDS suspected that the young men, in spite of various security measures, boarded by hiding in a trailer that was loaded onto the ferry.        According to the ferry operator, the best solution would be if Ukraine or Turkey agreed to take the migrants, or to get final confirmation as to where the men are from, so they can be sent back to these countries.  It is completely unsound that we should handle thi,  DFDS said.  This is a situation the border controls should handle, not a transportation company.   ",1
20063,Support for German SPD slumps to lowest this year: poll,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Support for Germany s center-left Social Democrats (SPD) has slumped to its lowest level this year just 10 days before an election in which conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel looks set win a fourth term, a poll showed on Thursday. The weekly survey, conducted by Infratest dimap for ARD television, showed support for Merkel s CDU/CSU bloc unchanged at 37 percent, with the SPD dipping one percentage point to 20 percent. That was the SPD s lowest level since January, when it also scored 20 percent. The party has not polled a lower level in the Infratest dimap survey. The anti-immigration, euro-hostile Alternative for Germany (AfD) came in at 12 percent, up one point, making it the third-strongest political force. The business-friendly Free Democrats (FDP) followed with 9.5 percent. The radical Left party scored 9 percent, and the environmentalist Greens were on 7.5 percent.        ",1
20064,Lawyer assisting in murdered Italian student investigation detained in Egypt,"CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian lawyer who is helping investigate the case of murdered Italian student Giulio Regeni was prevented from flying to a U.N. conference and detained by a special prosecutor, his supporters and a security source said. Ibrahim Metwaly, who founded the Association of the Families of the Disappeared after his son disappeared in suspicious circumstances four years ago, himself went missing while heading for his flight to Geneva on Sunday. Members of his group said he was taken from Cairo airport by airport security and he was not heard from until Wednesday when a state security prosecutor ordered him detained for 15 days on charges of  joining a group founded illegally , judicial sources said. There was no comment from the Interior Ministry. A security source said Metwaly was legally arrested and not subjected to any violations.  Rights activists say Egyptian security forces resort to kidnapping government opponents and keeping them in secret jails where they can spend weeks, months, or years without charge. The authorities deny the accusation. Italian graduate student Giulio Regeni, who was conducting research on Egyptian trade unions, disappeared in Cairo on Jan. 25 last year. His body was discovered in a ditch on the outskirts of the Egyptian capital on Feb. 3, showing signs of extensive torture. Metwaly has been assisting lawyers working on the Regeni case as an expert on enforced disappearances, according to one of the lawyers.  I have no doubts Ibrahim s arrest was in connection to the Regeni case and his upcoming trip,  a source at the Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms (ECRF), a Cairo-based NGO, told Reuters. ECRF lawyers are providing legal representation for the Regeni family in Egypt. Metwaly s son Abdelmoniem Metwaly said his father was now in a Cairo jail and that he was also charged with  conducting espionage on behalf of a foreign entity , something he said referred to the U.N. Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances which he was due to address in Geneva. There was no immediate comment from the U.N. body. Regeni s murder has strained ties between Italy and Egypt, traditional Mediterranean allies with strong economic ties. Security and intelligence sources said Regeni was arrested the day he vanished and taken into custody. Egyptian officials have denied any involvement in his death. Italy recalled its ambassador in April 2016 as it sought to obtain evidence from Egypt to solve the murder. Magistrates in Rome and Cairo have met half a dozen times over the past year but no one has been charged.  A new Italian ambassador arrived in Cairo on Wednesday. Pier Antonio Panzeri, an Italian lawmaker who chairs the European Parliament s Subcommittee on Human Rights, said in a statement:  I am disturbed by alleged reports that lawyer Ibrahim Metwaly was arrested ... while he was about to fly to Geneva to address the U.N. Working Group.  ",1
20065,Kirkuk governor says Iraqi parliament vote to remove him 'unlawful',"KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - The governor of Iraq s oil-rich Kirkuk province condemned a vote by Iraq s parliament on Thursday to remove him from office as  unlawful  and vowed to stay in power. The decision to remove Najmaddin Kareem came after Kirkuk - claimed by both the central government in Baghdad and the autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq - voted to take part in a referendum set for Sept. 25 on Kurdish independence.      I will stay in office,  Kareem told Reuters, hours after the parliamentary vote... The referendum will go ahead as planned.  ",1
20066,Kurdish leader Barzani condemns Iraqi parliament vote to remove Kirkuk governor: Kurdish media,"(Reuters) - Kurdish President Massoud Barzani condemned the vote by Iraq s parliament to remove the governor of Kirkuk from office on Thursday, according to local media reports. Speaking at a pro-referendum rally in Zakho, a city in Iraq s autonomous region of Kurdistan, Barzani said that Baghdad had left no room for negotiations over the independence referendum, according to Kurdish TV channel Kurdistan 24.   The decision to remove the governor, Najmaddin Kareem, comes after Kirkuk - an oil-rich province claimed by both the central government in Baghdad and the autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq - voted to take part in a referendum set for Sept. 25 on Kurdish independence. The governor has said he will stay in office. ",1
20067,Kurdish leaders studying western delegation plan to delay referendum,"ERBIL (Reuters) - Kurdish leaders will study a western delegation s plan to delay the autonomous region s planned referendum on independence, according to a statement from the Kurdish presidency. A delegation from the U.S., UN and UK, met with the autonomous region s president, Massoud Barzani, on Thursday with a proposal to postpone the vote scheduled to take place on Sept. 25. The delegation is concerned that the timing of the vote could disrupt the coalition s drive against Islamic State. But hours later at a pro-referendum rally in Zakho, Barzani told those gathered that they would vote on Sept. 25 as planned, according to local media. ",1
20068,U.S. special envoy encouraged that Kurds could embrace plan to delay referendum,"ERBIL (Reuters) - Brett McGurk, the U.S. special envoy to the coalition against Islamic State, on Thursday said he was encouraged that the Iraqi Kurdish leadership could embrace a plan to delay an  independence referendum. Moving forward with the referendum on Sept. 25 would be a  risky  move for Iraq s autonomous Kurdish region because there was no international support for it at this moment, McGurk said in a news conference.  ",1
20069,"Suicide attacks on restaurants, checkpoint, kill 60 in southern Iraq","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Three suicide attacks claimed by Islamic State killed at least 60 people in southern Iraq on Thursday, a health official and police sources said, suggesting a shift in the ultra-hardline group s tactics since it lost control of its stronghold in Mosul. Iraqi and Kurdish security officials say the Sunni militants are likely to wage a guerrilla war in Iraq after their self-proclaimed caliphate in Mosul collapsed. Islamic State is also under siege in the Syrian city of Raqqa, its operational base for attacks in the Middle East and the West. Security officials described Thursday s attacks as an attempt to send a message to Islamic State followers that the group is still strong and can operate in other parts of Iraq following its territorial losses.  After losing the war in Iraq and the shrinking of its power, Daesh returned back to its old style of an insurgency, by carrying out suicide attacks, which is a clear sign that the terrorist group is retreating,  said police intelligence colonel Murtatha al-Yassiri. IS activity is usually concentrated in western and northern Iraq. Bomb attacks in the mostly Shi ite south, where the bulk of the country s oil is produced and security forces hold a tighter grip, have so far been relatively rare. Like its predecessor in Iraq, al Qaeda, Islamic State seeks to create sectarian tensions as a way to destabilize the OPEC oil producer.  We expect more alike terrorist operations in future. Daesh is trying to desperately pretend among followers that it s still strong,  al-Yassiri said. Daesh is an Arabic acronym for Islamic State, which is also known as ISIS. Wearing security force uniforms and driving stolen army vehicles, the attackers targeted a police checkpoint and two restaurants on a highway near the city of Nassiriya, using car bombs and suicide vests, the sources said. At least 100 people were injured, the police said in a statement. Islamic State claimed responsibility in a statement on its Amaq news agency. The group said it had killed  dozens of Shi ites . The head of Nassiriya s health directorate, Jassim al-Khalidi, said the city s hospital had received 50 bodies and the death toll could rise because some of the wounded were in critical condition. Hospital sources said at least 10 Iranian pilgrims, who were visiting holy Shi ite shrines, were among the dead. The deadliest attack was at a restaurant west of Nassiriya.  One attacker blew up his suicide vest inside the crowded restaurant while a group of other gunmen started to throw grenades and fire at diners,  said police colonel Ali Abdul Hussain. Police sources said some police officers had died in the checkpoint attack, but the toll from that incident remained unclear. Security sources said forces were placed on alert in most of the southern provinces, including the oil city of Basra, in case of similar attacks. ",1
20070,Three more cars torched in South African taxi war,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - A violent feud between South African meter taxi drivers and ride-hailing services Uber and Taxify escalated with another three vehicles torched using petrol bombs, police said on Thursday. Drivers for Uber [UBER.UL] and Estonian start-up Taxify operating in Johannesburg and capital Pretoria have faced threats and protests from regular taxi operators who accuse the app-based drivers of poaching customers with cheaper fares. One Uber vehicle and two other taxis were torched last week in the upmarket Sandton district and on Wednesday three Taxify vehicles were set alight in the Pretoria suburb of Sunnyside. Police said in one incident on Wednesday a Taxify driver responding to a pick-up request was cornered by a group of eight men who threatened him with violence just as he arrived at the location.  The vehicle was alight after he had alighted from it. Another Taxify vehicle was set on fire at a different location. One of the vehicles was burned out completely, while the second on had slight damages,  said police Captain Daniel Mavimbela. Mavimbela said the identity of the suspects had yet to be  established. More than 6,000 vehicles use the e-hailing Uber application to find customers in South Africa, where the service has grown swiftly as public transport has not kept up with the rising population in sprawling cities. ",1
20071,EU executive warms to Franco-German call on emergency border checks,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union s executive offered initial backing on Thursday to a Franco-German proposal to allow more permanent border checks within the bloc s free-travel zone. Five countries in the so-called Schengen travel zone - Germany, France, Denmark, Austria and Norway - restarted border controls after 2015 attacks in Paris and in an attempt to control the movement of refugees and migrants arriving in the bloc in unprecedented numbers the same year. Schengen rules allow for the reintroduction of such frontier controls for up to two years and the ones now in place expire in November.  Germany and France, aiming for an extension and the ability to reinstate them in future, asked the EU to change the system to extend the maximum duration to four years.  A joint proposal by Paris and Berlin, seen by Reuters, says that would be required  in the context of a long-term terrorist threat  after a raft of deadly Islamist attacks in Europe.  The Commission recognizes that new security challenges have appeared in the past years, as demonstrated by the recent terrorist attacks in Barcelona and Turku,  the EU s migration chief, Dimitris Avramopoulos, told journalists after talks with EU s interior ministers. He said the Brussels-based Commission would propose an update to the Schengen borders code later this month. French Interior Minister Gerard Collomb told journalists after the talks in Brussels:   We had raised this problem some time ago with my German colleague ... and from what I heard from the Commissioner he indeed wants to make the Schengen code more flexible ... to allow us to protect our borders against terrorism.  ",1
20072,U.S.-backed forces not planning on entering Deir al-Zor city,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias fighting Islamic State are not planning to enter the city of Deir al-Zor in eastern Syria, a U.S. military spokesman said on Thursday, reducing the chances of the American allies coming face to face with Syrian government forces. The Syrian army and its allies recently broke an Islamic State siege of an enclave in Deir al-Zor that had lasted three years. The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a U.S.-backed alliance of mostly Arab and Kurdish fighters, meanwhile have also launched a separate assault in Deir al-Zor province, which has become Islamic State s last major foothold in Syria. Earlier this week, the SDF said it had reached an industrial zone miles to the east of Deir al-Zor city. The advances bring the SDF to within 15 km (10 miles) of the Syrian army. The advances against Islamic State, another blow to its control over territory it held for years as part of a self-declared caliphate, has raised concerns that it would bring the SDF into closer proximity to the Syrian government side, which is backed by Russia and Iran.  U.S. Army Colonel Ryan Dillon, a spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State, told reporters that the battlefield was already congested and the plan was for the SDF to move down the middle Euphrates River Valley.  I ll just tell you that the plan is not to go into Deir   al-Zor city but there (are) plenty of ISIS fighters and resources and leaders that continue to have holdouts throughout the middle Euphrates River valley,  Dillon told reporters in Washington through a video briefing. ",1
20073,Britain backs Libyan plans to work towards elections next year,"LONDON (Reuters) - British foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Thursday he believed that Libya s plans to work toward elections in 2018 were probably  the right timescale . In July, rival leaders pledged in Paris to work towards elections in 2018 and a conditional ceasefire. U.N. Libya envoy Ghassan Salame said constitutional and electoral laws would have to be written to ensure any vote brought lasting change.  Would it be premature to hold the elections within a year? I happen to think that could be about the right timescale,  Johnson told a joint news conference with visiting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.  It is very important however, that you don t do it too fast and that you get the political groundwork done first,  he added.  There has to be a constitution, there has to be an accepted basis for those elections to take place.  ",1
20074,U.S. considering wider Iran threat as part of its policy on nuclear deal: Tillerson,"LONDON (Reuters) - The U.S. government is continuing to develop its policy on Iran and will consider the wider threat it poses beyond its nuclear capabilities, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday. In April, U.S. President Donald Trump ordered a review of whether a suspension of sanctions on Iran related to a 2015 nuclear deal, negotiated under President Barack Obama, was in the U.S. national security interest. He has called it  the worst deal ever negotiated.  The Trump administration is continuing to review and develop its policy on Iran ... no decision has been made,  Tillerson said during a news conference in London following a meeting with British foreign minister Boris Johnson.  President Trump has made it clear ... we must take in to account the totality of Iranian threats, not just Iran s nuclear capabilities, that is just one piece of our posture towards Iran.  Tillerson also said Iran was clearly in default of the expectations of the 2015 deal.         ",1
20075,Catalonia refuses to send weekly accounts to Madrid before referendum,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia will stop sending weekly financial accounts to Madrid, defying a demand by Spain s central government that the region prove it is not using public money to promote an independence drive. The decision follows a series of moves to block a Catalan referendum on self-rule, planned for Oct. 1, which Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s government has declared illegal. In a letter dated Sept. 13, Catalan Deputy Governor Oriol Junqueras told Spanish Budget Minister Cristobal Montoro the region would no longer comply with the obligation to submit its accounts every week. He said the arrangement implied  political control that is not related to the objectives of budget stability or to the purposes of state legislation in this matter . Madrid ordered Catalonia to start providing the weekly data in July. The government warned the region would lose access to some public funds if it was found to be using state money to organize the vote. All of Spain s regions pay taxes to the central government, and are then given a quota to spend on health, education and infrastructure. Catalonia, which has one of the strongest regional economies, says the system is unfair. After the referendum was announced, Madrid warned Catalonia it risked losing access to a separate funding program, set up in 2012 when economic crisis hammered regional budgets, if it failed to provide weekly accounts.  Junqueras said in his letter that his administration was committed to financial stability and would still collaborate with Montoro s ministry, and continue to account for their spending every month.  The will of the (Catalan) government is to continue to focus on dialogue and the exercise of democracy as a way to resolve the debate on political relations between Catalonia and Spain,  the letter said.         Catalonia accounts for around 20 percent of Spain s gross domestic product and has received some 70 billion euros ($83 billion) in funding from Madrid since 2012. ",1
20076,Islamic State claims responsibility for suicide attacks in southern Iraq: Amaq,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic State has claimed suicide attacks that killed at least 50 people and injured more than 80 in a southern Iraqi city on Thursday. A statement on the Amaq news agency, which supports the hardline Sunni Muslim group, said the attacks carried out by the its suicide fighters targeted a restaurant and a checkpoint, killing  dozens of Shi ites . ",1
20077,"EU sticks to Libya strategy on migrants, despite human rights concerns","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union is determined to go on preventing migrants setting off from the coast of Libya, interior ministers said on Thursday, despite criticism from rights advocates who say the strategy is aggravating human suffering. After more than two years struggling to stem the flow of refugees and migrants from the Middle East and Africa, the EU is now showing signs of optimism that it is finally in control. A 2016 deal with Turkey effectively closed one major migratory route and this year Italy has led the EU s efforts to curb sea crossings from Libya, supplying money, equipment and training for Libya s border and coast guard, and striking deals with local groups in control on the ground in a country still largely lawless after the 2011 death of Muammar Gaddafi. Mediterranean crossings have dropped from nearly 28,000 people in June to below 10,000 in August, according to U.N. data. Sources told Reuters late last month a new armed group on Libya s coast was stopping migrant boats from leaving.  Human rights groups decry the EU s support for Libya s Prime Minister Fayez Seraj and allied militias who run migrant detention centers they have compared to concentration camps. The top U.N. human rights official said the EU strategy was  very thin on the protection of the human rights of migrants inside Libya and on the boats, and silent on the urgent need for alternatives to the arbitrary detention of vulnerable people.     To offset that, the bloc has stepped up financing for the U.N. agencies for migration (IOM) and refugees (UNHCR) to have them try to improve conditions for migrants inside Libya.   We also need to redouble our efforts to provide assistance to the migrants stranded in Libya and .... exposed to unacceptable, inhumane treatment and human rights violations,  EU s migration chief, Dimitris Avramopoulos, told journalists. But the EU is not changing tack on keeping them there.   If we look at the flows of migrants across the Mediterranean a few months ago and now, the decrease in illegal migration has been big in numbers,  Estonia s Interior Minister Andres Anvelt said ahead of talks in Brussels with his EU peers.  We ll have a discussion about how to have this success story going on.  Avramopoulos said the bloc s executive European Commission backed a U.N. call to resettle a further 40,000 refugees from Libya, Egypt, Niger, Ethiopia and Sudan, an effort to offer legal ways into the EU instead of smuggling or trafficking.  Germany s Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere told reporters:  I m happy that the number of people sent across the Mediterranean by the smugglers to Italy has really fallen in the last two months ... These developments need to be carried on.   We really need to work to ensure that many people simply do not make the trip across the desert to Libya. The neighborhood policy with Africa is very important for a sustainable decline in migrants coming to Italy.  Struggling to come up with a plan, the EU has increasingly let Libya s former colonial power Italy take the lead. Interior Minister Marco Minniti has sponsored those efforts, curbing the sea operations of non-governmental aid groups and striking deals with Libyan mayors to fight people-trafficking, among other moves. Rome has also played a central role in training the Libyan coast guard, which has been accused of abuses, including shooting at aid workers trying to rescue migrants. The EU has denied that any of its funding goes to the militia in the coastal city of Sabratha, which has often prevented migrants from departing for Europe by locking them up. But a senior EU diplomat said the EU s strategy was complex.  It is hard to know exactly what is going on in Libya. We have increasingly entrusted Italy with doing the job there, we give them money. There would never be any proof of EU money going directly to some armed group somewhere,  the person said.  Some of the methods may seem controversial. But there is also preventing loss of life at the sea and political stability in Italy to consider. We shouldn t be too judgmental.  ",1
20078,Mexicans' positive view of the U.S. collapses in Trump era: poll,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexicans  positive image of the United States has fallen to its lowest level since at least 2002, with about two-thirds of people viewing the country led by President Donald Trump unfavorably, according to a poll released on Thursday.  The U.S.-based Pew Research Center s findings reveal a drastic about-face in Mexicans  views of their northern neighbor. In 2015, 66 percent had a positive view of the United States. By 2017, 65 percent of people disapproved of the world s top economy, Pew said.  Unsurprisingly, few Mexicans approve of Trump s proposed border wall, with 94 percent of people opposing it. But Mexicans also fret about Trump s international footprint.   Only 5 percent have confidence in him to do the right thing regarding world affairs, Trump s lowest rating among 37 nations polled in 2017,  according to the poll. The survey is also grim reading for Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, his ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and the rest of Mexico s political class, less than a year before voters pick a new president in July. Mexicans  favorable view of Pena Nieto has steadily fallen since Pew began measuring it in 2011, dropping from 61 percent six years ago to his current level of 28 percent. An often-large majority disapproves of how Pena Nieto has handled issues like the economy, graft, crime and U.S. relations, Pew said.  The PRI was the most unfavorably viewed of the parties polled by Pew, with the conservative National Action Party enjoying the most positive views, albeit with relatively high negative perceptions. The leftist National Regeneration Movement (MORENA), led by current presidential front-runner Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, was the second most positively viewed party, and also the least badly perceived.  The vast majority - 85 percent - of Mexicans are unhappy with the way things are going in their country. Seventy percent of Mexicans believe the economy is going badly, with 35 percent saying the economy is going very badly. Mexicans  main concerns are crime, political graft and drug violence, Pew found. Anxieties over those three issues had all risen compared with the finding in 2015.  Although Mexicans harbor increasingly negative views of the United States, 55 percent said those that move north enjoy a better life, up from 2015. However, only 13 percent of people said they would live and work in the United States illegally, down from 20 percent in 2015. The survey was based on 1,000 face-to-face interviews in Mexico between March 2 and April 17, with a margin of error of 4.4 percent. ",1
20079,Myanmars Suu Kyi working to get aid to Rohingya: McConnell,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Thursday he had spoken with Myanmar s Aung San Suu Kyi and that she said she was working to get aid to the Rohingya Muslim areas in the Southeast Asian nation that were affected by violence. Suu Kyi  agreed with the need for immediate and improved access of humanitarian assistance to the region, particularly by the International Red Cross, and she conveyed that she is working toward that end,  McConnell said on the Senate floor. McConnell, whose Republicans control majorities in both houses of Congress, repeated earlier criticism of a resolution introduced in the U.S. Senate urging Suu Kyi to do more for Myanmar s ethnic minority Rohingya population, and lessening the chance that any such measure could pass. McConnell has had close ties to Suu Kyi for years. He said Suu Kyi, a Nobel prize laureate and de facto head of the government in Myanmar, also known as Burma, told him when they spoke on Wednesday that violations of human rights would need to be addressed. Attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts last month triggered an army operation that has killed more than 400 people, destroyed over 6,800 houses and sent nearly 400,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh. Suu Kyi has been a target of criticism from fellow Nobel laureates and religious leaders across the world for failing to condemn human rights abuses against the Rohingya during the military s fierce response to Rohingya militant attacks. The United Nations appealed Thursday for massive help for the nearly 400,000 who fled to Bangladesh, amid concern the number could keep rising unless Myanmar ends what critics denounce as  ethnic cleansing.  McConnell said Suu Kyi s position in the government was  exceedingly difficult  and that as a civilian, she had virtually no authority over the military. He warned that weakening her could interfere with the country s transition from decades of military rule. McConnell said he expected a briefing soon from Suu Kyi s office and that she was  trying very hard to improve conditions  for the Rohingya.  Burma s path to representative government is not at all certain and is certainly not over. And attacking the single political leader who has worked to further democracy within Burma is likely to hinder the objective over the long run,  McConnell concluded. ",1
20080,Ryanair loses EU court battle to keep Irish law for crew abroad,"LUXEMBOURG/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Ryanair lost an EU court battle on Thursday in which the airline had sought to continue forcing cabin crew based outside Ireland to take their disputes to Irish courts, in a case with implications across the low-cost airline sector.  The European Court of Justice in Luxembourg ruled in favor of cabin crew based at the Irish carrier s Charleroi airport in Belgium on the question of which court should decide on their complaint. The employees took the airline to a local court, believing Belgian law would be more favorable to them.  Ryanair argued that Irish courts had jurisdiction over their Irish contracts. But a Belgian court in Mons had requested the ECJ s ruling on whether its own judges had jurisdiction.   The Court (of Justice) points out first of all that, as regards disputes related to employment contracts, the European rules concerning jurisdiction are aimed at protecting the weaker party,  the Luxembourg-based ECJ said in a statement.  Those rules enable inter alia an employee to sue his employer before the courts which he regards as closest to his interests.   Low-cost carriers such as Ryanair and easyJet have bases all over Europe, including in France, Spain, Italy and Germany, where both planes and crews are stationed. This means crews can return to their home base each night, allowing the airlines to avoid costs involved with overnight rest stops.  Ryanair said the ruling would not add to its costs. Its pilots are typically employed on contracts via third-party agencies, while easyJet uses local labor contracts.  The Court said the place where a cabin crew s aircraft is stationed should also be taken into account when determining which court had jurisdiction.  Philip von Schoeppenthau, Secretary General of the European Cockpit Association, called the ruling a  landmark  decision that is a  ray of light for the thousands of pilots and cabin crew across Europe who have struggled to find legal protection at the place where they actually work on a daily basis, rather than being forced to seek judicial redress in Ireland . Schoeppenthau said the Court s ruling meant all cabin crews in Europe can derive their rights and applicable law from their  Home Base  as a general rule.  Ryanair said it welcomed the ruling for recognizing that the home base of the employee should not be the sole factor in determining which court can hear disputes on labor issues.  We do not believe this  Mons  ruling will in any way alter our Irish contracts of employment or the union rights which all of our people enjoy under the protection of the Irish Constitution,  Ryanair Chief People Officer Eddie Wilson said. Michael O Leary, the company s Chief Executive, said in Berlin the ruling could give the unions more opportunity to take the airline to court or  challenge whatever kind of provisions we provided in Ireland but ultimately, they cannot and will not be changing the Irish contracts or the structure of the Irish contracts.   This won t change Ryanair s cost base by one cent,  O Leary said. The crew involved in the case had employment contracts drawn up under Irish law which said their work was to be regarded as being carried out in Ireland since they were working on Irish-registered aircraft. But Charleroi airport in southern Belgium was designated as their base, meaning they started and ended their working days there and had to reside within an hour of that airport. Ryanair said that Ireland had adopted all EU rules on employment rights and in some cases offered better protection than other EU countries. The case will now go back to the Belgian court, which will make a final decision on the matter.  ",1
20081,Hammond says UK 'very close' to deal on EU citizens' rights,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Britain is very close to reaching an agreement with the European Union on how to protect the rights of citizens after it leaves the bloc, British Finance Minister Philip Hammond said on Thursday. The rights of EU citizens in Britain is one of three issues the bloc wants to settle before it begins discussing the future relationship between Britain and the EU.  We have made very good progress. We have a very high degree of alignment. Not yet completely concluded, but we are very close to having agreement on how we are going to protect each other s citizens who are in our countries,  Hammond told a news conference in Budapest after meeting ministers of the Visegrad Group of eastern states.  Our desire and intention is that people who have come to the UK to work and make their lives in the UK should be able to continue to live there, carry on their lives exactly as before. That is our clear and stated intention,  he said. Hammond added however that British nationals who have moved to EU countries should be allowed to do the same.  From a reciprocal basis the objective is to make everything look exactly as it did the day before we left the EU,  he said. Hammond also said talks about Britain s departure from the EU should result in an exit roadmap.  We want to give businesses on both sides of English Channel and both sides of the Irish border the confidence that they will not face a cliff edge when we leave the EU,  he said.  That is why we are proposing a time-limited transition period so that we can provide that certainty that our borders will continue to operate smoothly and that our businesses can continue to supply their customers and our citizens carry on with their day to day lives across continental Europe.  ",1
20082,Swedish opposition parties drops vote of no confidence in defense minister,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Sweden s center-right opposition no longer plans to bring a vote of no confidence in Defence Minister Peter Hultqvist over a botched IT outsourcing deal, after new information came to light, the alliance said.  Losing Hultqvist, one of the government s most popular ministers, would have been a blow to Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, with Sweden due to hold elections in just a year s time. Other parties can still go ahead with a vote, but they would not get the majority necessary to oust him.  Lofven has already replaced two ministers in his minority center-left government over the IT deal, and the opposition had also demanded the removal of Hultqvist, who has maintained he has done nothing wrong.  However, the Liberals and the Center Party have now changed their minds, saying new information showed Hultqvist s involvement was not as serious as previously thought.   This new information means that we can t support a vote of no confidence,  Liberal Party Leader Jan Bjorklund told a news conference. Votes of no confidence are not common in Sweden. Since 1980, only seven have taken place and none of them has been successful.  ",1
20083,Brazilians toil for gold in illegal Amazon mines,"CREPURIZAO, Brazil (Reuters) - Informal mining in Brazil is seen by many as a scourge polluting the Amazon rainforest, poisoning indigenous tribes and robbing the nation of its wealth.  For others it is a way of life. Brazilian garimpos, or wildcat mines, are operated by small crews of men, often caked in red-brown mud and working with rudimentary pans, shovels and sluice boxes that have been used for centuries. More sophisticated operations use water cannons and boats sucking mud from the bottoms of rivers. Regardless of the method, searching for gold and other minerals like cassiterite and niobium is dirty, dangerous and often illegal.  Looking for gold is like playing in a casino,  said a 48-year-old miner. Miners asked not to be named, saying they feared the police  as much of their work is illegal. He started in the wildcat mines as a teenager in the area around Crepurizao   a ramshackle frontier town of 5,000 with a dirt landing strip that is a gateway for informal mining in the region. Garimpos are in the spotlight as Brazil debates opening an area known as Renca in the northern Amazon forest to mining, which has met with stiff resistance from environmentalists. Mines and Energy Minister Fernando Coelho Filho argues that licensed mining will be an improvement over the estimated 1,000 people currently mining in the reserve illegally. Crepurizao lies hundreds of miles south of Renca, but gives a window into life in the garimpos caught up in the debate. Living in makeshift homes of wood and plastic, miners in the area ship some 60 kilograms (132 lbs) of gold per month, according to traders. That much pure gold is worth millions of dollars on the global market, but high costs and layers of traders in the local market leave most miners living on the brink of poverty. Basic staples can cost four or five times the price in the nearest city, an eight-hour bus ride away.  Fuel stations, a general store, a bar, an evangelical church and prostitutes vie for the income and attention of the miners, known as garimpeiros, when they aren t working or lazing in hammocks. There are 2,113 licensed garimpo sites in Brazil, according to ministry data, but environmental experts and two government officials, who asked not to be named, said far more small-scale mines skip the licensing and ignore regulations altogether. In Crepurizao, where mines often cluster close together, it was unclear which operations were licensed. The total area worked by garimpeiros in Brazil is thought to be small. But chemicals like mercury, which miners in Crepurizao dump to separate gold from grit, can leave a large footprint of contamination. In March last year, a government-backed study of indigenous villages in the northern state of Roraima revealed alarming levels of mercury. One group of villagers had more than double the level of mercury considered to be a serious health risk - such as damage to the central nervous system, kidneys, heart and reproductive process - detected in their hair. The Mining and Energy Ministry said a new oversight agency created in a decree by President Michel Temer, now pending congressional approval, would allow more effective government coordination and inspections to restrict illegal mining. Congressman Leonardo Quintao, who sits on the committee considering the new agency, said it will be able to raise more funding for oversight. He said the regulations target licensed miners, while illegal mining remains a matter for the police. Still, one Ibama enforcement officer, who was not authorized to speak to the media, said the government had left miners like those in Crepurizao in a precarious limbo.  You can t just pull them out of the garimpos and the cities that are living off gold. And the government does not offer them structure and decent conditions,  said the officer.  So they re stranded there without the minimum conditions for survival.  (Click on reut.rs/2f6E5c2 for related photo essay) ",1
20084,Hungary's Fidesz prepares campaign against 'Soros plan' for migrants,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary s ruling Fidesz party, preparing for elections next April, promised on Thursday to highlight what it called a plan by billionaire financier George Soros to bring millions of migrants into Europe. Fidesz asked Prime Minister Viktor Orban s government to carry out a  national consultation  about Brussels  plans to distribute asylum-seekers in the EU, a week after the EU s top court ruled against complainants Hungary and Slovakia. Previous such consultations have taken the form of sending out questionnaires to millions of voters, setting out the government s right-wing nationalist position and asking people if they agree. Soros, a Hungarian-born Jew who has spent a large part of his fortune funding pro-democracy and human rights groups, has been targeted by Orban s government repeatedly. His spokesman has described the government s portrayal of his views on immigration as  fantasy . Orban has been one of the loudest opponents of mandatory migrant resettlement quotas proposed by the EU, arguing this would undermine its sovereignty and social fabric. His stance has gone down well with voters, and Fidesz is firmly ahead in opinion polls. Lajos Kosa, a party vice chairman, said the national consultation should focus on the alleged Soros plan, something that would place migration at the center of the campaign.  The European Commission stops just short of saying that they carry out the Soros plan... but all their steps and ideas with regard to migration point in this direction,  Kosa said, adding last week s EU court defeat for Hungary had  opened the gates . Soros  spokesman Michael Vachon in July dismissed the idea that the financier and philanthropist was promoting a scheme to import millions of illegal immigrants into Europe.  Soros s actual position on migration is that the international community should provide more support to the developing countries that today host 89 percent of refugees and that Europe should accept several hundred thousand fully screened refugees through an orderly process of vetting and resettlement,  he said. He said an anti-migrant billboard campaign by the Hungarian government, showing a smiling Soros and carrying the caption  Don t let Soros have the last laugh , was  reminiscent of Europe s darkest hours . The government ended the poster campaign over the summer. ",1
20085,Balkan police break up Turkish migrant smuggling ring,"SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Police in the Balkans have arrested 21 men suspected of smuggling close to 200 Turks to the European Union, officials said on Thursday. The suspects, including a Turkish national who is believed to be the ring leader, are accused of taking advantage of visa -free travel between Turkey and Bosnia and Montenegro to transfer migrants by plane from Istanbul to Sarajevo and Podgorica. They were then smuggled into EU member Croatia and further on to Western Europe, said police who ran a joint operation involving officers from Bosnia, Croatia and Montenegro.  The suspected smugglers, who are nationals of Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Greece, Montenegro and Serbia, charged migrants 3,500 to 5,000 euros per person to reach EU member states, said Adnan Kosovac, a Bosnian border police official. Kosovac said that as well as the arrests on Wednesday, the police also raided several houses in western Bosnia and neighboring Croatia where the gang kept illegal migrants and seized mobile phones, SIM cards and money.  ",1
20086,"EU: spot checks show confusion, not conspiracy in Kenyan election","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Observers found some technical problems but no evidence of vote-rigging in Kenya s presidential election last month, the European Union said on Thursday, based on random checks of tallies from polling stations. The finding was announced as Kenya gears up for a re-run of the contest between President Uhuru Kenyatta and challenger Raila Odinga on Oct. 17, after the Supreme Court nullified  Kenyatta s victory citing irregularities in the tallying process. Credible elections would boost Kenya s role as East Africa s richest economy and a stable Western ally in a region roiled by conflict. But problems with the vote could spark unrest: 1,200 people died in violence after a disputed 2007 election. Bolstering the Supreme Court s findings of technical irregularities, the EU said in a statement it had examined  1,558 randomly selected scanned polling station results forms from 82 constituencies. A small percentage were unreadable, others had mathematical mistakes, and others were missing data or signatures. The country had nearly 41,000 polling stations and 290 constituencies.  Odinga alleged that the original vote was marred by fraud and is threatening to boycott the re-run unless some demands are  met, including the resignation of key election board officials.   But the EU said it did not find anything indicating deliberate manipulation of the vote in the forms it examined.  There was little variation in the patterns of anomalies ... and no obvious advantage to one camp or another.  However, the observers noted that more than a quarter of polling stations were severely late in posting their manually completed tallying sheets online. In some cases they only did so after the legal deadline for the opposition to mount court challenges to the results had passed, they noted.  The EU urged the election commission to use standardized forms with security features like serial numbers to reduce the opportunities for confusion in the upcoming polls.  It said the electoral board must do a better job of publicly explaining the processes it would follow in tallying the vote. In a separate development on Thursday, ruling party lawmaker Ngunjiri Wambugu filed a court petition seeking to have Chief Justice David Maraga removed for gross misconduct in connection with the annulment of the election.   Chief Justice Maraga needs to be censured, I believe he has participated in gross misconduct, which is unprofessional. I believe that gross misconduct is trying to influence a presidential election,  Wambugu told reporters.     ",1
20087,"In a first, Myanmar's 'ethnic cleansing' unites Suu Kyi's party, army and public","YANGON (Reuters) - If there s one thing that unites Aung San Suu Kyi s party, the army that once tried to crush her, and the majority of people in mostly Buddhist Myanmar, it is their vehement dislike of the Rohingya Muslims, seen as a threat to national security.  We don t love the military, but we are together on this one,  said Nyan Win, a top official of Suu Kyi s National League for Democracy (NLD), who the country s former junta had detained for nearly three years.  Our sovereignty can t be violated and that is why we are united.    These people are illegal immigrants, that s for sure. But the international community never mentions that,  said Nyan Win, 75, who chairs the ruling NLD s media team and is one of the most influential members of the party. But even as the United Nations has called the army crackdown on the Rohingya  ethnic cleansing , western diplomats - from countries competing with China for influence in the Southeast Asian nation - say abandoning Suu Kyi or reimposing sanctions could risk Myanmar s democratic transition. Though Rohingya families have lived in Myanmar for generations, they are denied citizenship and access to basic civil rights such as freedom of movement, decent education and healthcare. Attacks by Rohingya militants on security posts last month triggered an army operation that has killed more than 400 people, destroyed over 6,800 houses and sent nearly 400,000 Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh. Rohingya refugees and rights groups say the army has launched a campaign aimed at driving them out. Suu Kyi, who holds the title of  State Counsellor  and is de facto head of government, has said the militant Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) is responsible for the burning of homes, civilian deaths as well as  a huge iceberg of misinformation  on the strife in Rakhine. Revered when she was under house arrest for some 15 years, the Nobel peace winner has been criticized by fellow Nobel laureates and some leaders across the world. A petition drive is under way to revoke her Nobel prize. Malala Yousafzai, a fellow Nobel Peace Prize laureate, called on her to condemn the  shameful  treatment of the Rohingya, saying  the world is waiting  for her to speak out.  Shame on you Malala! You know nothing about real situation in our country,  Myanmar Internet user Nann Wint War wrote in a tweet.  There is no Rohingya, only Bengali terrorists in Rakhine,  said the tweet, a reference to Rohingya that suggests they come from Bangladesh.     Suu Kyi s government launched a media campaign aimed at shoring up public support for the operation.  In Facebook and Twitter posts, it has shown off support for non-Muslims displaced by the violence and blamed the international community for distributing  fake news  about alleged rights abuses.  Hard Evidence Please! , Suu Kyi s spokesman, Zaw Htay, said in a tweet last week reacting to a BBC News report that Rakhine Buddhist villagers set Muslim houses on fire.  You wrote you just saw it, share your #Evidence.  Aung Shin, an NLD spokesman, said only Myanmar citizens understand the situation in Rakhine as  foreign countries made their assumption based on questionable facts they obtained.  Many in Myanmar fear the Rohingya present a threat to the Buddhist Rakhine majority in Rakhine State. Sixteen non-Muslims were killed and nearly 30,000 have also been displaced, fleeing to larger towns. The conflict in Rakhine has stoked communal tensions across the country. A mob armed with sticks and swords, threatening to attack a mosque in central Myanmar, was only dispersed on Sunday after police with riot shields fired rubber bullets. Muslims have voiced fear that other mosques will come under attack and have asked for tighter security.   Thiri Thant Mon, managing director at Yangon-based investment advisory firm Sandanila, said many in Myanmar think the international community has wrongly directed its attention to the Rohingya fleeing Myanmar, instead of the suffering of Rakhine Buddhists in one of its poorest states.  The entire population here just feel misunderstood. They feel like we are not bad people. It s not us, it s them who are killing us and why aren t you talking about it?  said Thiri Thant Mon, who herself does not identify with such views.  The Rohingya issue has put Suu Kyi in an awkward position politically, the diplomats said. The military still controls much of the state apparatus even after the 2011 transition to democracy. It portrays itself as the true guardians of nationalism and Buddhism. They say that could be a reason for Suu Kyi s reticence.  If she speaks out on such a sensitive issue, the situation will explode, making it harder for her to solve the problem in Rakhine,  said Nyan Win, the NLD executive.   We can accept them as humans but we cannot let them move around freely, which violates our sovereignty,  he said, adding the Rohingya belong in camps for displaced people in Rakhine due to security reasons.     We can t give them freedom of movement because they are not our citizens.  ",1
20088,India calls Rohingya refugees 'threat to national security',"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - The Indian government on Thursday told the Supreme Court that Rohingya refugees were  a threat to national security , pushing back against condemnation of its plans to deport them.  India s top court is hearing a challenge to Prime Minister Narendra Modi s government s decision to deport Rohingya Muslims, filed by two Rohingyas living in Delhi who fled their village in Myanmar s western Rakhine State about six years ago. The decision to deport Rohingyas comes as Myanmar s military crackdown in Rakhine has forced hundreds of thousands of Rohingyas to seek shelter in Bangladesh, in a process the U.N. has described as ethnic cleansing. Myanmar says its forces are carrying out their legitimate duty to restore order after guerrilla attacks on Aug. 25 on security posts and an army camp in which about a dozen people were killed. Close to 40,000 Rohingya Muslims live in India after fleeing Myanmar over the past decade. Nearly 15,000 have received refugee documentation, according to the United Nations, but India wants to deport them all. Rohingyas are denied citizenship in Buddhist-majority Myanmar and regarded as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots that date back centuries. Some groups allied to Modi s Bharatiya Janata Party have stepped up calls for Rohingyas to leave, and Modi said last week that India shared Myanmar s concerns about  extremist violence  in Rakhine state.  On Thursday, a senior lawyer representing India s government told the supreme court that  the state considers that Rohingyas are a threat to national security.  Intelligence agencies suspect that Rohingya Muslim leaders in India are in touch with Pakistan-based militant groups, the lawyer said. The lawyer declined to be named because an affidavit the home ministry is preparing to file with the court has not yet been finalised. Bangladesh is also growing hostile to the Rohingya, more than 400,000 of whom live there after fleeing Myanmar since the early 1990s. From Bangladesh, some Rohingyas have crossed into India. Aid groups and human rights activists have criticized the plans to expel Rohingyas, and some lawyers say deportation would violate India s constitution. India s supreme court is expected to start hearing the case on Monday.  India this week sent 53 tonnes of relief materials to Bangladesh for Rohingyas fleeing Myanmar. ",1
20089,"London fire inquiry starts amid anger, despair of survivors","LONDON (Reuters) - A public inquiry into a fire that killed at least 80 people at London s Grenfell Tower will get to the truth about the tragedy, its chairman pledged on Thursday, but critics said survivors of the blaze were still being failed. The 24-storey social housing block, home to a poor, multi-ethnic community, was gutted on June 14 in an inferno that started in a fourth-floor apartment in the middle of the night and quickly engulfed the building. Grenfell Tower was part of a deprived housing estate in Kensington and Chelsea, one of the richest boroughs in London, and the disaster has prompted a national debate about social inequality and government neglect of poor communities. The inquiry started with a minute s silence to honor the victims, whose exact number remains unknown because of the devastation inside the tower.  (The inquiry) can and will provide answers to the pressing questions of how a disaster of this kind could occur in 21st century London,  its chairman, retired judge Martin Moore-Bick, said in his opening statement. He said the inquiry was not there to punish anyone or to award compensation, but to get to the truth. A separate police investigation is underway, which could result in manslaughter charges. There have been no arrests. The inquiry will examine the cause and spread of the fire, the design, construction and refurbishment of the tower, whether fire regulations relating to high-rise buildings are adequate and whether they were complied with. It will also look at the actions of the authorities before and after the tragedy. But critics warned of a disconnect between the technical, legalistic inquiry process and the ongoing ordeal of traumatized former Grenfell Tower residents still awaiting new homes. Prime Minister Theresa May pledged that all families whose homes were destroyed in the fire would be rehoused within three weeks, but three months later most still live in hotels. Just three out of 197 households that needed rehousing have moved into permanent homes, while 29 have moved into temporary accommodation.  We lost everything. It s difficult for the other people to be in our shoes,  Miguel Alves, who escaped his 13th-floor apartment in Grenfell Tower with his family, told the BBC.  Now I m without anything, I m in the hotel, I have to cope with my family. My daughter, she just started school. They need some stability and that I cannot give to my family,  he said. Emma Dent Coad, a member of parliament from the opposition Labour Party who represents the area, said the inquiry s remit was too narrow and would fail to address the blaze s deeper causes such as failings in social housing policies. She also criticized the choice of venue for Moore-Bick s opening statement, a lavishly decorated room in central London.  We were sitting in a ballroom dripping with chandeliers. I think it was the most incredibly inappropriate place to have something like that, and actually says it all about the us-and-them divide that people see,  she told the BBC. Many of those affected have also expressed disquiet about the fact that Moore-Bick and the other lawyers appointed to run the inquiry are all white and part of a perceived  establishment  far removed from their own circumstances.  The experience of many residents of that tower is that they were ignored because of their immigration status,  lawyer Jolyon Maugham, who is advising some residents, told the BBC.  We need someone on the inquiry team that can speak to that experience and at the moment on the panel we have a bunch of white privileged barristers,  he said. One of the difficulties facing the inquiry is that it needs former residents to give evidence but some fear possible deportation. The government has said it would grant a 12-month amnesty to anyone affected by the fire who was in Britain illegally. Supporters say only permanent residency rights will persuade people to come forward. ",1
20090,All the president's women: Duterte's fiercest critics and a surly political heir,"DAVAO, Philippines/MANILA (Reuters) - Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte has a problem with women, says the woman who has known him longer than perhaps any other: his sister Jocellyn.  He s a chauvinist,  she told Reuters in a recent interview.  When he sees a woman who fights him, it really gets his ire.  Then Jocellyn ran through a list of Duterte s female critics that included his vice president, a prominent senator who is now in jail and the head of the Philippines Supreme Court.  All three have sparred with Duterte after denouncing his brutal war on drugs, which has killed thousands of people in the Asian nation since he took office in June 2016. Duterte has joked about rape, insulted the Pope and baffled friends and foes with often contradictory public statements. Neither this, nor his profanity-laden reactions to women critics, seem to have dented his popularity among Filipinos. The 72-year-old president is a self-confessed womanizer who once told a large gathering of local officials,  I can t imagine life without Viagra.  On the campaign trail last year, he joked about the gang rape of an Australian missionary who was killed in a prison riot. Speaking to Philippine troops in May, he said he would take responsibility for any rape they might commit.  But women s rights advocates also praise him for handing out free contraceptives in his hometown, Davao City, where he was mayor for 22 years, and for championing a reproductive health bill opposed by the country s influential Catholic Church. In a recent statement, even Human Rights Watch - a fervent critic of the drug war - acknowledged Duterte s  strong support  for legislation aimed at protecting and promoting women. After nearly 15 months in power, he remains highly popular with men and women alike, according to the latest survey by Manila-based pollster Social Weather Stations. While foreigners frown at Duterte s rape jokes, says Gina Lopez, a former environment secretary in Duterte s male-dominated cabinet, Filipinos judge him by his actions not his words.  When I see him dealing with women in the cabinet or whatever, he has been very above-board, very decent,  she told Reuters. She said this decency also once extended to Vice-President Leni Robredo, who has publicly fallen out with Duterte. She is from an opposition party and was elected separately.  He really liked Leni. They got along and he was always flirting,  said Lopez.  That s what men do, right?  In a statement to Reuters, the president s office called Duterte  an advocate of women s rights  who had launched a  massive campaign against gender bias  while mayor of Davao. As president, it added, he had  hand-picked the best and brightest women  for his cabinet. Three of the country s 25 cabinet secretaries or ministers are women. Duterte spends up to four days a week in his far-flung hometown Davao, ruling a nation of 100 million people not from the presidential palace in the capital, Manila, but from a modest house shaded by a jackfruit tree. Duterte was mayor of Davao for 22 years. He sleeps until lunchtime, holds cabinet meetings infrequently and sometimes announces major policies without forewarning senior officials, leaving them scrambling to catch up. Duterte s volatility has baffled Washington, which has long seen the Philippines as a bulwark against Chinese expansionism. He has courted Beijing and publicly berated the United States in rambling speeches. Much of Duterte s venom is reserved for women who oppose him. In August, he called Agnes Callamard, a U.N. special rapporteur on extrajudicial killings, a  daughter of a whore  after she condemned the police shooting of a teenage drug suspect.  He s a misogynist,  said Senator Leila de Lima, who spoke to Reuters at a police detention facility in Manila. De Lima was arrested in February on drugs charges she says were trumped up as part of a presidential vendetta.  To him, women are inferior,  she said.  It s totally insulting to him that a woman would be fighting him.  According to Jocellyn Duterte, Duterte is also fighting with the woman he hopes will cement his political legacy: his daughter Sara. Sara Duterte reluctantly replaced her father as mayor of Davao City in the southern Philippines when he became president. Father and daughter barely speak, said Jocellyn.  I know in his quiet moments he considers himself a failure as a father because of Sara fighting with him,  she said. Jocellyn said she had her own problems with her older brother but they now get along. They have two other brothers. Jocellyn, who refers to the president as  the mayor,  said Duterte still eats the same simple food their mother Soledad once cooked: cheap fish simmered in vinegar. She also traces Duterte s authoritarianism to Soledad, who punished her children with a horsewhip or made them kneel at an altar for hours.   You can see that in the mayor,  says Jocellyn.  Sometimes people perceive it as arrogance or call it close to being a dictator. But we grew up in that atmosphere.  Their father Vicente, also a politician, was often absent, and the young Duterte saw the bodyguards, police and soldiers around him as role models, his sister said. He grew up in a macho culture where wives and daughters were expected to be submissive, Jocellyn said. His daughter Sara is anything but. In 2011, during her first term as Davao s mayor, she was caught on camera punching a local official who angered her. In 2016, Sara ran as mayor again, but only because she was  pressured  by her father s supporters, she told Reuters.  If it were up to me, I would not have run,  she said. She said she now only saw her father on special occasions, such as birthdays and Christmas, but denied they had differences.  He s very busy,  she said. Duterte and his daughter have  a normal Filipino parent-child relationship which has its own share of ups and downs,  said the president s office in its statement. Like her father, Sara is blunt, down-to-earth and thronged by admirers at public appearances in Davao. She told Reuters she wanted to practice law and, once her three-year term as mayor was up, had no wish or intention to continue in politics. But in a country famous for political dynasties spanning many generations, Duterte wants his daughter to  preserve what the family has done for the city,  said Jocellyn.  He is trying to instill in Sara that it is our legacy,  she said.  Maybe she needs more time.  ",1
20091,"A dead dictator, his rusting boat and a fight for history","RIJEKA, Croatia (Reuters) - In a Croatian port sits a boat built to carry bananas from Africa to Italy, that laid mines for Nazi Germany and was sunk by Allied planes before it was salvaged as the personal yacht of a globe-trotting communist leader. Josip Broz Tito and the state he led - Yugoslavia - have long passed into history, and the boat, the Galeb (Seagull), was left to rust in a corner of Rijeka s once mighty docks. Now, with Rijeka readying to become European Capital of Culture in 2020, city authorities have secured European Union money to restore the 117-metre (384-feet) boat as a museum, just as debate in Croatia rages over the life and deeds of the man who graced the pink mattress in the front port-side cabin. If the Galeb was a symbol of Tito s prestige on the world stage   a communist leader welcome in ports West as well as East   its restoration is part of Croatia s own tortured process of reconciliation with its 20th century history. To conservatives in Croatia, Tito   who was born in what is today Croatia to a Croat father and Slovene mother   was a totalitarian dictator: to look fondly on him means to be nostalgic for a shared federal state that denied Croats their own until they forged one in a 1991-95 war.  Liberals, however, recall his guerrilla fight against the Nazis and the relative freedom and prosperity of Yugoslavs compared to those who lived in the Soviet Union or in its shadow. They see in the disdain of conservatives a thinly veiled fondness for the World War Two Croatian state that collaborated with the Nazis but was snuffed out with Tito s Partisan victory   a sentiment that has gained a foothold in mainstream Croatian politics in recent years. It is a tug-of-war over history and identity that was encapsulated this month in the renaming by Zagreb s city council of the capital s Marshal Tito Square to Republic of Croatia square. Days later, the government ordered the removal of a plaque near the site of a World War Two concentration camp that bore a notorious slogan associated with the Nazi puppet regime in Croatia.  We live in a time when history is being reinvented retroactively,  said Ivan Sarar, who as head of culture at Rijeka s city council is in charge of its 2020 makeover.  It s interesting that just by undertaking this (restoration) we have already been declared revisionists,  he told Reuters. After years of false-starts, work on restoring the Galeb is imminent   a mammoth, multi-million-euro task to recreate the 1950s chic of Tito s floating palace, host to over 100 heads of state and some of Hollywood s finest.  Some of the furniture remains - in Tito s cabin, his turquoise-tiled bathroom and the adjacent salon with doors that open to the deck. But the ship itself is little more than a rotting hull. The Galeb was the stage for Tito s major contribution to history, said Sarar, a showcase for the non-aligned movement he helped found in answer to the East-West polarization of the Cold War. But Sarar stressed:  We won t be soft on anyone.  He noted Tito s cozy ties with dictators around the world, the exodus of Italian residents of Rijeka when he took the city as part of Yugoslavia, and his denial of democracy during 35 years of one-man rule until his death in 1980. Yugoslavia fell apart in war a decade later and some 135,000 people were killed. It was Tito s seizure of Rijeka and the Istrian peninsula that cemented his status in this part of Croatia as a liberator. Dozens of streets in Istria still bear his name, as do others in the Balkans - most notably in Serbia, once the dominant republic in Yugoslavia. Conservatives, however, struck a blow with the renaming of Zagreb s Marshal Tito Square, part of a deal struck by the mayor to secure his majority in the city assembly. The man behind the initiative, leading right-wing politician Zlatko Hasanbegovic, told Reuters that while Tito was  undeniably a significant historical figure,  so were Napoleon, Stalin and Lenin.  In all countries, streets and squares bear the names of those who embody the values with which the entire nation identifies itself,  he said, describing the restoration of the Galeb as part of an attempt to revive the cult of Tito.   Those insisting on it should ask themselves how the tens of thousands of victims of Yugoslav communism look on that kind of quasi-cultural exhibitionism.  In Rijeka, Sarar denied planning any kind of homage to Tito.  We want to create a place for dialogue, away from the current situation of extreme black, white and red truths that lead nowhere,  he said.  It s bound to be difficult.  ",1
20092,Independent Catalonia would need to apply to join EU: Juncker,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - An independent Catalonia would have to apply to join the European Union, the president of the executive European Commission said on Thursday, adding that such a policy would apply to any new state. Catalonia s parliament has laid the ground for a referendum on independence from Madrid on Oct. 1, although Spain s Constitutional Court has suspended the vote. Judges are now considering whether the legislation contravenes Spain s constitution.  If there were to be a  yes  vote in favor of Catalan independence, then we will respect that opinion. But Catalonia will not be able to be an EU member state on the day after such a vote,  Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker said on YouTube and broadcast by Euronews. Echoing a stance made by his predecessor, Jose Manuel Barroso, Juncker said any newly independent state must follow the same EU membership procedures as all aspirants, citing Scotland and, in jest, his home country, Luxembourg.  If northern Luxembourg were to cede from the south, the same rules would apply,  Juncker said.  The EU s accession negotiations are an arduous process that involve complying with all EU standards and rules and winning the consent of all EU governments. This means that Spain would be able to block Catalonia s EU accession if it wished. Croatia was the last country to join the EU, in 2013 after first applying for membership in 2003.  ",1
20093,Red Cross halts aid to swathe of South Sudan after staff member killed,"ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - The Red Cross has halted operations across a third of South Sudan after gunmen shot dead a staff member, in what the U.N. said on Wednesday was the biggest such suspension during the country s four-year civil war. Kennedy Laki Emmanuel, a driver for the Red Cross, died on Sept. 8 when gunmen fired on a 10-vehicle convoy delivering aid in South Sudan s restive Western Equatoria state. In response, the International Committee of the Red Cross shut down activities across Equatoria, a region roughly the size of Britain that borders Congo and Uganda and has seen some of the heaviest fighting over the last year. The suspension affected more than 22,000 people about to get aid deliveries from the Red Cross. That included more than 5,000 farmers due to receive seeds in an area teetering on the edge of famine.       The ICRC will not resume anything until we have a clear picture of exactly what happened and until we receive the necessary security guarantees,  spokeswoman Mari Mortvedt told Reuters. The security of the ICRC staff is top priority.  The U.N. s Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  told Reuters that no aid group had shut down its operations over such a large area since South Sudan s civil war began in 2013.  The conflict began after President Salva Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, fired his deputy Riek Machar, an ethnic Nuer. The U.N. says ethnic cleansing has taken place and warned of genocide, amid reports of murder, rape, and torture of civilians. More than two million South Sudanese have now fled the country, creating Africa s biggest refugee crisis since the 1994 Rwandan genocide, and more than half of those remaining need food aid. The country s original population was 12 million.  At least 85 aid workers have been killed, according to the U.N., including 18 this year, making it the deadliest country for aid workers in the world. That number did not include a staff member for aid group World Vision, killed in the Western Equatoria town of Yambio on September 3. It was not clear whether that death was related to his work as an aid worker, so it was not included in the total, the group said.  (This story corrects to make clear World Vision aid worker not included in total of 85)  ",1
20094,Factbox: Quotes on Suu Kyi's handling of Myanmar's Rohingya crisis,"(Reuters) - Nearly 400,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled to neighboring Bangladesh since a surge in violence in Myanmar s Rakhine state began on Aug 25. The exodus of refugees, sparked by a fierce military response to a series of Rohingya militant attacks, is the most pressing crisis Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi has faced since becoming leader last year.  She has been the target of criticism from fellow Nobel laureates and religious leaders across the world, for failing to condemn the human rights abuses against the Rohingya.   Here are a selection of quotes about her reticence: AUNG SAN SUU KYI - 1991 Nobel Peace Prize, Myanmar leader ""We have to take care of our citizens. We have to take care of everybody who is in our country, whether or not they are our citizens."" (Sept 7 - reut.rs/2x1S4Ey) DESMOND TUTU - 1984 Nobel Peace Prize, anti-apartheid leader, addressing Suu Kyi: ""My dear sister: If the political price of your ascension to the highest office in Myanmar is your silence, the price is surely too steep."" (Sept 7 - bit.ly/2xQIV0P) MALALA YOUSAFZAI - 2014 Nobel Peace Prize, women s rights activist    Over the last several years, I have repeatedly condemned this tragic and shameful treatment. I am still waiting for my fellow Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi to do the same. ""The world is waiting and the Rohingya Muslims are waiting."" (Sept 4 - bit.ly/2eRtMZq) NOBEL WOMEN S INITIATIVE - Open letter to Aung San Suu Kyi from five Nobel Peace laureates ""How many Rohingya have to die; how many Rohingya women will be raped; how many communities will be razed before you raise your voice in defense of those who have no voice? (Sept 11 - bit.ly/2wWrA7u)   PETITION HOSTED ON CHANGE.ORG - Online petition urging Nobel committee to revoke Suu Kyi s peace prize gathers more than 420,000 signatures. ""Until this second, the de facto ruler of Myanmar, Aung San Suu Kyi, has done virtually nothing to stop this crime against humanity in her country."" (bit.ly/1WBrfjn)  ",1
20095,Finland says no ransom paid for released aid worker in Kabul,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finland did not pay a ransom for the release of a Finnish aid worker kidnapped in Afghanistan, the Nordic country s foreign minister said on Thursday.  Finland has not paid, and will not pay ransom in the future. If we did, we would only encourage further kidnappings,  Foreign Minister Timo Soini told a news conference via videolink from Washington. The ministry confirmed earlier on Thursday that the Finnish woman, who was abducted in May and held captive for 118 days, had been released. She was working for a Swedish aid group in Kabul and during her abduction a German colleague and their Afghan guard were killed. The foreign ministry gave no further details about the kidnapping or the release, but said the woman was in Afghanistan and in  good condition in light of the circumstances . Kidnapping is a longstanding problem in Afghanistan, mainly affecting Afghans abducted for ransom. However foreigners have also regularly been targeted, either for ransom or to put pressure on their governments. ",1
20096,"Hong Kong's 'One Country, Two Systems' framework under pressure: Britain","HONG KONG (Reuters) -  Important areas  of Hong Kong s  One Country, Two Systems  framework are coming under growing pressure, illustrated by developments such as reports of mainland security officials operating in the autonomous city, a British government report said on Thursday. The  One Country, Two Systems  principle, implemented as the former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997, promises the city a high degree of autonomy, an independent judiciary and a range of freedoms not enjoyed in mainland China. The former colonial power has been issuing reports on Hong Kong every half a year since then, and the latest, which covers developments in the first six months this year, British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said the guiding principle has  generally functioned well.   However, at the same time, we cannot ignore that important areas of the  One Country, Two Systems  framework are coming under increasing pressure,  Johnson wrote.  Examples include  further reports of mainland security officials operating within  Hong Kong, he said, without elaborating, as well as reports of the local Beijing representative s office heightening its influence in the city. But for the first time, the half-yearly report stopped short of raising concern over five Hong Kong booksellers who disappeared in late 2015 and later mysteriously re-emerged in mainland Chinese custody. One of the five men, Swedish citizen Gui Minhai, is still in Chinese detention. The report also touched upon the  apparent abduction  of Chinese billionaire Xiao Jianhua, who in January disappeared from his downtown Hong Kong apartment in a wheelchair with his head covered. Although Hong Kong authorities said there was no evidence to suggest mainland law enforcement agents had acted on Hong Kong soil, Johnson noted that  many in Hong Kong and internationally highlighted the numerous similarities between Xiao Jianhua s apparent abduction and the case of the Hong Kong booksellers.    He also said he looked forward to welcoming the city s newly sworn-in leader, Carrie Lam, to visit London to discuss closer co-operation between the UK and Hong Kong  as the UK prepares to leave the EU.  In response to the report, the Hong Kong government said foreign governments should not interfere in the internal affairs of the city.  Since the return to the motherland, the HKSAR (Special Administrative Region) has been exercising a high degree of autonomy ... This demonstrates the full and successful implementation of the  one country, two systems  principle, which has been widely recognized by the international community.  ",1
20097,Cambodia suspends cooperation with U.S. in finding war remains,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen said on Thursday he was suspending cooperation with the United States to find the remains of Americans killed in the Vietnam War in the latest ratcheting up of tensions between the two countries. Hun Sen has accused the United States of plotting treason with opposition leader Kem Sokha, an accusation rejected by the U.S. embassy, which has called for the release of the prime minister s main rival.  The search cooperation is postponed until a number of issues are resolved between Cambodia and the United States,  Hun Sen said according to pro-government website Fresh News. Hun Sen said that a total of 80 American soldiers had gone missing in Cambodia during the war in neighboring Vietnam and that half of them had been found. Hun Sen said the suspension will be lifted after Cambodia-U.S. ties are restored. Washington announced on Wednesday that it would stop issuing some visas after Cambodia refused to accept Cambodian citizens deported from the United States after being convicted of crimes there. Hun Sen said the policy of deporting them back to Cambodia  break them up as families, as parents and children, and it s an inhumane (situation) in which some have committed suicide . The Vietnam War that ended in 1975 remains an emotive issue in Cambodia.  Hun Sen says the United States has never apologized for its role in bombing his country to try to kill Vietnamese communist guerrillas and should forgive debts built up by a pro-U.S. junta that ruled until it was ousted by the genocidal Khmer Rouge. On a separate issue, Cambodia s Foreign Affairs Ministry said it would accept deportees from the United States. The U.S. Embassy in Phnom Penh declined to comment. ",1
20098,Ukraine gives cautious welcome to Putin's peacekeepers offer,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Ukraine on Thursday welcomed Russian President Vladimir Putin s declared openness to deployment of United Nations peacekeepers in separatist-controlled areas of eastern Ukraine, but said Russian troops must not join such an operation. Putin told German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday that UN peacekeepers might be deployed not only on the Donbass contact line separating the sides of the conflict but in other parts where inspectors of the international OSCE monitoring group operate. Kostiantyn Yeliseyev, foreign policy adviser to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, said Putin s comments were a good sign but  the devil is in the detail.  In my view, as soon as we deploy UN peacekeeping we can speak about a real positive breakthrough in the field of the political settlement of the situation in Donbass,  he said.  Russia, which is a party to the conflict, must not take part in the future UN peacekeeping operation,  he said.  We believe this UN peacekeeping operation must be deployed along the whole occupied territory of Donbass including the uncontrolled part of the Ukrainian-Russian border.  The conflict between Ukrainian forces and Russian-backed separatists has claimed more than 10,000 lives since it erupted in 2014. Russia denies Western accusations it fomented the conflict and provided arms and fighters. Germany and France have tried to persuade both sides to implement a peace deal agreed in Minsk in 2015 but with little success. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Monday European sanctions imposed on Russia over its role in the Ukraine crisis should be phased out gradually if an internationally agreed ceasefire deal was implemented. But Yeliseyev said sanctions should stay in place until the Minsk peace deal is implemented in full.  That is why we want all German politicians to be vigilant and not to speculate, not to make any kind of irresponsible statements which don t stop the aggression but, on the contrary, will stimulate and motivate the aggressor country,  he said. Turning to Russian war games starting on Thursday in Belarus, the Baltic Sea, western Russia and the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad, Yeliseyev said Ukraine was concerned the exercises could destabilize the region and that Moscow might keep troops and weaponry near Ukraine  for possible future offensive operations . ",1
20099,"Russia hunting bomb hoaxers, says targeted by 'telephone terrorism': Kremlin","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Thursday authorities were hunting for those behind what it called a campaign of  telephone terrorism  that has prompted tens of thousands of people to be evacuated from buildings across the country in the last few days. Authorities evacuated people from dozens of buildings in Moscow on Wednesday after a flurry of anonymous phone calls falsely asserting the locations had been mined. The calls, which have affected more than 20 towns and cities, are reported to have begun on Monday.  This is telephone terrorism,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters.   The president (Vladimir Putin) was informed as soon as this wave of mischievous calls started. We are taking the necessary measures to identify those responsible.  ",1
20100,"Russia says close to Syria deal with Turkey, Iran","ASTANA (Reuters) - Russia, Turkey and Iran are close to finalizing an agreement on creating four de-escalation zones in Syria, a senior Russian negotiator said on Thursday. The three sides are discussing details of the agreement at meetings in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan, Alexander Lavrentyev, who leads the Russian delegation, told reporters.  Our main task at this international meeting on Syria is to finalize and establish four de-escalation zones,  Lavrentyev said.  We are very close to reaching an agreement on creating these four zones.  The meetings, which also involve representatives of the Damascus government and some rebel factions, will continue on Friday. Lavrentyev said the agreement was likely to include provisions on the deployment of monitors - such as military police servicemen - in the four zones and, more specifically, on their borders. The previous round of Syrian peace talks in Astana in July ended with no agreement after Turkey raised objections. Russia and Iran, which back Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s government, and Turkey, which supports some of the rebels, have been holding talks in Kazakhstan since January and the meeting this week is their sixth. ",1
20101,Britain seeks to smooth Brexit path for nuclear power,"LONDON (Reuters) - The British government said on Thursday it was in talks with the European Union to ensure a smooth transition for its nuclear industry as Britain moves away from Euratom s regulatory regime to a domestic one. The nuclear industry has raised concerns that its operations and investments could be hampered should Britain fail to replicate the regulatory regime provided by Euratom, the EU s atomic agency, in time for Brexit in March 2019. [L5N1LU4DZ]  Discussions with the European Union are ongoing. We will be exploring a number of options for smooth transition from the current Euratom regime to a domestic one,  Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Greg Clark said. The industry has said Britain not only needs its own safety regime, but also one that is approved by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). It also needs agreements signed with other countries on the transfer of equipment to guarantee power plants run smoothly.  Clark said Britain would establish a regime that would match  Euratom s standards and exceed those of the IAEA. He said the government was seeking deals with the IAEA to allow the body to inspect British nuclear facilities and verify safety standards. At a parliamentary hearing on Wednesday, Mina Golshan, the deputy chief of the Office for Nuclear Regulation which would run the safeguards regime, said the office had begun to build staff and expertise in this area. But she said specialized IT equipment, skills and people were still needed and one of the consequences of leaving Euratom was potentially the loss of access to experts residing in Europe that could help.  There are uncertainties associated with this ... The biggest risk is our ability to recruit,  she said.  ",1
20102,"Russia says close to Syria deal with Turkey, Iran","ASTANA (Reuters) - Russia, Turkey and Iran are close to finalizing an agreement on creating four de-escalation zones in Syria, a senior Russian negotiator said on Thursday. The three sides are discussing details of the agreement at meetings in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan, Alexander Lavrentyev, who leads the Russian delegation, told reporters.  Our main task at this international meeting on Syria is to finalize and establish four de-escalation zones,  Lavrentyev said.  We are very close to reaching an agreement on creating these four zones.  The meetings, which also involve representatives of the Damascus government and some rebel factions, will continue on Friday. Lavrentyev said the agreement was likely to include provisions on the deployment of monitors - such as military police servicemen - in the four zones and, more specifically, on their borders. The previous round of Syrian peace talks in Astana in July ended with no agreement after Turkey raised objections. Russia and Iran, which back Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s government, and Turkey, which supports some of the rebels, have been holding talks in Kazakhstan since January and the meeting this week is their sixth. ",1
20103,At least 19 drown when boat capsizes in northern India: police,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - At least 19 people drowned and 10 are missing after a boat capsized in the Yamuna river in northern Indian on Thursday, a police officer said. The boat capsized on Thursday morning while farmers were being ferried to their farmlands. Dharavath Pradeep Kumar, a senior police officer who was leading rescue operations, said the boat was carrying 40 people, many more than its capacity of 25. It capsized not far from the river bank in Katha village in northern Uttar Pradesh state, 45 km (30 miles) north of the capital, New Delhi.  Eleven people were rescued and were admitted to a  government hospital, he said. Kumar said police were investigating the boat operator. ",1
20104,"With China in mind, Japan, India agree to deepen defense","GANDHINAGAR, India (Reuters) - The leaders of India and Japan agreed on Thursday to deepen defense ties and push for more cooperation with Australia and the United States, as they seek to counter growing Chinese influence across Asia. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe arrived this week in his counterpart Narendra Modi s home state, skipping the tradition of visiting the capital of New Delhi, for the tenth meeting between two leaders since Modi came to power in 2014. Relations have deepened between Asia s second and third largest economies as Abe and Modi, who enjoy a close personal relationship, increasingly see eye-to-eye to balance China as the dominant Asian power.  Almost everything that takes place during the visit, including economic deals, will in part be done with China in mind,  Eurasia analysts said in a note.   Abe s visit comes days after New Delhi and Beijing agreed to end the longest and most serious military confrontation along their shared and contested border in decades, a dispute that had raised worries of a broader conflict between the Asian giants.  In a lengthy joint statement, India and Japan said deepening security links was paramount. This included collaboration on research into unmanned ground vehicles and robotics and the possibility of joint field exercises between their armies. There was also  renewed momentum  for cooperation with the United States and Australia. Earlier this year, India rejected an Australian request to be included in four-country naval drills for fear of angering Beijing.  Relations between India and Japan are not only a bilateral relationship but have developed into a strategic global partnership,  Abe told reporters in Gandhinagar, the capital of western Gujarat state.  We (India and Japan) will strengthen our collaboration with those countries with whom we share universal values.  Abe flew to Gujarat to lay the foundation stone of a $17 billion bullet train project, India s first, that was made possible by a huge Japanese loan.  Tokyo wants to win other high-speed rail lines India plans to build, to edge out Chinese ambitions to do the same and provide a boost for its high-end manufacturers. The visit was light on specific announcements, but India said it welcomed proposals for increased Japanese investment into infrastructure projects in its remote northeast, a region New Delhi sees as its gateway to Southeast Asia.  China claims part of India s northeast as its own territory. Japanese investment into the northeast  would give legs to our Act East policy,  Indian Foreign Secretary S. Jaishankar told reporters. Modi and Abe also said they would push for more progress on the development of industrial corridors for the growth of Asia and Africa.  Analysts say the planned $40 billion Asia-Africa Growth Corridor takes direct aim at China s Belt and Road project, envisaged as a modern-day  Silk Road  connecting China by land and sea across Asia and beyond to the Middle East, Europe and Africa. ",1
20105,Portugal heading for another record year for tourist arrivals,"LISBON (Reuters) - The number of foreign tourists visiting Portugal jumped around 13 percent in January-July, putting the country firmly on track for another record year for tourism, which has been a key driver of its economic recovery since a 2011-14 debt crisis. The National Statistics Institute said on Thursday in its monthly data on the hotel sector that over 7.1 million foreign visitors stayed in Portuguese hotels through July, which helped drive total hotel revenues over 17 percent higher to 1.8 billion euros ($2.14 billion). Portugal s arrivals growth outpaced those in neighboring Spain, which chalked up a 11 percent rise in the same period, according to official Spanish data. Despite a deceleration in July from June levels, both the tourist arrivals and revenues so far this year maintained the pace of growth seen in 2016, when tourist arrivals exceeded 10 million for the first time.  August is traditionally the strongest month by far for holiday-making in Portugal, which lures foreign visitors with its beaches, historic sites and some of the lowest prices for wining and dining in western Europe. Pop star Madonna has this month become the most illustrious of a growing number of foreign residents in Portugal, which was also named Europe s top destination for expatriates in a survey by social network InterNations.   Hotel revenues and all travel-related revenues account for about 10 percent of Portugal s gross domestic product. The tourism sector is also a key source of employment. Tourism has been growing since 2011, helping the heavily indebted country overcome its economic and debt crisis. Economic growth this year is expected to accelerate to over 2 percent from 1.4 percent in 2016. Portugal has opened dozens of new hotels in the past year and private entrepreneurs have redeveloped hundreds of apartment buildings in old parts of Lisbon and other areas to rent to tourists, helping the country s flagging construction sector. ",1
20106,Turkey says expects humanitarian aid can be delivered in Syria's Idlib,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey said on Thursday it expected humanitarian aid could be delivered to Syria s northern province of Idlib, which is under the control of a rebel alliance spearheaded by the former al Qaeda offshoot Nusra Front.  Our expectation is that Idlib, just like other de-escalation zones, becomes a region where humanitarian aid can easily be delivered,  presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin told a news conference in Ankara.  Turkey will do whatever falls upon it on this matter.  Turkey said last month it was limiting the movement of non-humanitarian aid into Idlib because the area is controlled by a  terrorist organization . ",1
20107,"Turkey remains dependable ally in NATO, Erdogan spokesman says","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey remains a dependable member of the NATO alliance, President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said on Thursday, after Western allies expressed concern over Ankara s decision to procure a missile defence system from Russia. Turkey s good relations with Russia are not an alternative to its ties to the West, but rather complementary, Ibrahim Kalin told a news conference. ",1
20108,Iraqi parliament 'has no right' to remove Kirkuk's governor: senior Kurdish official,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq s parliament  has no right  to remove Kirkuk s governor from office, a senior Kurdish official said on Thursday, after parliament voted him out following a request by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi.  He is an elected governor of the council of Kirkuk,  said Hoshyar Zebari, a close adviser to Kurdish President Massoud Barzani.  That is the only body that can remove him.  The decision to remove the governor, Najmaddin Kareem, comes after Kirkuk - an oil-rich province claimed by both the central government in Baghdad and the autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq - voted to take part in a referendum set for Sept. 25 on Kurdish independence.     ",1
20109,Russian submarines fire cruise missiles at Islamic state in Syria,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Navy on Thursday fired seven cruise missiles at Islamic state targets in the suburbs of Syria s Deir al-Zor, the Russian Defence Ministry said in a statement on Thursday. It said the missiles were fired from two submarines in the eastern Mediterranean from a distance of 500-670 kilometers (727 miles).   The targets were command posts, communication centers, as well as militants  weapons and ammunition stockpiles in areas of south-east Deir al-Zor under the control of Islamic State,  the ministry said. ",1
20110,"Roadside bombs wound 20, kill soldier in Thailand's troubled south","BANGKOK (Reuters) - Roadside bombs planted by suspected Muslim insurgents in southern Thailand killed one soldier on Thursday and wounded 20 other people, most of them soldiers and police, security forces said. The blasts occurred in Yala, one of the predominantly ethnic, Malay Muslim provinces in the deep south where a separatist insurgency has dragged on for decades, with more than 6,500 people killed since 2004 alone. The first bomb did not result in any casualties, but the other two killed one soldier and wounded 18 soldiers and police and two villagers.   It is believed to be the work of violent groups already creating incidents in the area,  Pramote Prom-in, a spokesman for regional security forces, told Reuters.  As with most violence in Thailand s deep south, there was no claim of responsibility. The insurgents are fighting for secession from mostly Buddhist Thailand. Until they were annexed in 1909, Thailand s three southernmost provinces of Pattani, Yala and Narathiwat were  part of an independent Malay Muslim sultanate. ",1
20111,Iraqi Kurdish referendum 'historic mistake': Turkey,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey on Thursday welcomed an Iraqi parliament move to reject a referendum on Kurdish independence. The parliament in Baghdad authorized the prime minister to  take all measures  to preserve Iraq s unity in response to the move to hold an independence referendum in Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdish region on Sept. 25. Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani vowed to press ahead with the vote, calling it  a natural right .  Barzani s referendum decision is a historic mistake. Turkey will follow policies that take Iraq s territorial integrity as a basis,  Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag said.  The northern Iraq referendum must be canceled, if not it will have a cost and retribution,  he said, adding the move would erode the region s peace and bring security risks. Turkey has the region s largest Kurdish population and fears a  Yes  vote could fuel separatism in its southeast where Kurdish militants have waged an insurgency for three decades in which more than 40,000 people have been killed. Ankara has built solid ties with Barzani s administration,  founded on strong economic and energy links as well as Ankara and Erbil s shared suspicions of other Kurdish groups and Iraq s central government. Iran and Syria also oppose the vote, fearing it could fan separatism among their own Kurdish populations. Western powers worry the plebiscite - which would include the oil-producing city of Kirkuk - could ignite conflict with the central government in Baghdad and divert attention from the war against Islamic State militants. Turkey s Foreign Ministry, in a statement on Thursday, said:  We find the (Iraqi Kurdish) leadership s insistent stance regarding the referendum and its increasingly emotional statements worrying.  It should be noted that this insistence will definitely have a cost,  it added.  We call on them to act with good sense and abandon this erroneous approach immediately.   ",1
20112,Reborn German liberals could spell trouble for Merkel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Later this year, Angela Merkel may form a new government with a party whose leader says Greece should leave the euro, Russia can keep Crimea and refugees will have to go home. The Free Democrats (FDP), a socially liberal, pro-business party, were long seen as the natural partners of Chancellor Merkel s conservatives. They ruled in coalition with her mentor, former Chancellor Helmut Kohl, for 16 years and were junior partners in Merkel s second government, from 2009 to 2013.  But after crashing out of the German parliament four years ago, the FDP   also known as the Liberals   were forced to reinvent themselves. And the new incarnation, led by an ambitious 38-year-old who preaches an ultra-hard line on Europe, has unsettled the German political establishment, including members of Merkel s party.  Nevertheless, if her conservatives can form a government with the FDP after a Sept. 24 election, Merkel will have little choice but to link up with the party and its young leader Christian Lindner. (For a graphic on German federal elections click tmsnrt.rs/2h0NqCT)  For her center-right CDU/CSU, the prospect of reviving an alliance with the party s historic partner will be hard to resist, especially after four years of a right-left coalition with their longtime rivals, the Social Democrats (SPD).   Merkel s horror scenario is a narrow majority with the FDP,  said Frank Decker, a political scientist who was Lindner s thesis adviser at Bonn University.  She would have no choice. She would be condemned to govern with them.  Polls give Merkel s CDU/CSU bloc and the FDP a combined score of roughly 45 percent, just shy of a majority. If they do fall short, the FDP could still enter the government as part of an unwieldy three-way coalition that also includes the Greens. In 2013, after its former leader Guido Westerwelle failed to deliver on his promise of tax cuts, the party scored just 4.8 percent, the first time in the post-war era it failed to make the 5 percent threshold needed to enter parliament. Later this month, it is expected to double its score of four years ago. Lindner, with his banker suits and designer stubble, has almost single-handedly hauled the FDP back from the political wilderness. German media have likened him to French President Emmanuel Macron: the two are just a year apart in age and share a healthy self-esteem. In the FDP s highly personalized campaign posters, a brooding Lindner is shown in black and white, staring off-camera, like a model from a 1990s Calvin Klein ad. Look beneath the surface however, and there are big differences between Lindner and Macron. The French leader is promising to work with the next German government on an overhaul of the euro zone, introducing a budget and finance minister for the currency bloc. Lindner has dismissed those ideas with an aggressiveness that has surprised even some of his closest allies. If one takes Lindner and the FDP s campaign manifesto at face value, the party would introduce automatic sanctions for countries that violate EU budget rules, do away with the euro zone s bailout fund and make it easier for countries to leave the currency. Greece is a favorite target. Two weeks ago, Lindner told a banking conference in Frankfurt that a reintroduction of the drachma would be a boon for the country.  All those who vacation in Mallorca would go to the Greek islands instead,  he said. Martin Lueck, an investment strategist at Blackrock, sees a risk that the euro crisis could return, with Italian borrowing costs spiraling higher, if the FDP makes it into government. FDP officials play down such risks, pointing to moderating  influences in the party like members of the European parliament Alexander Graf Lambsdorff and Michael Theurer.  Our program is about direction. It shows what we would do if we were able to govern alone, which of course won t be possible,  one senior official said. But aides to Merkel acknowledge that she would probably be more limited in what she could achieve with Macron if the FDP were a partner, particularly if Lindner became finance minister.  He could make our European partners nostalgic for Wolfgang Schaeuble,  one aide quipped, referring to Merkel s current finance minister, who is seen as a hardliner himself. If the FDP were to end up in a three-way coalition with the Greens, its more radical ideas would surely be blunted. That is why some members of Merkel s party say she would prefer a  Jamaica  coalition   so named because the colors of the parties would match those of the green, yellow and black Jamaican flag   to a two-way alliance with the FDP. In the final stretch, Lindner has floated an array of controversial ideas in an apparent attempt to lure voters from the hard-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party. Last month, he recommended accepting Russia s 2014 annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine as a  permanent provisional arrangement . Last week, he said refugees should be forced to go home as soon as peace returned to the Middle East countries from which they fled.  Even FDP members say they have trouble discerning how much of this is mere pre-election posturing. As the party s identity has become intertwined with its leader Lindner, its core beliefs have become muddied. The picture may become clearer on Sunday, when the FDP is due to unveil a l0-point list of policy priorities. Expect a modern twist on classic FDP positions   tax cuts, investments in broadband and a Canada-style immigration law making it easier to bring in skilled workers   that are closer to those of other European liberals like Macron. Regardless, the FDP faces a steep learning curve if it makes the leap from outside parliament into government   a feat no party has achieved since the 1950s. Two-thirds of the FDP candidates who could win Bundestag seats have never worked there before. Only one has cabinet-level experience in Berlin.  We ll see whether they have learned the lessons of the past,  said Decker.  Westerwelle was a great opposition leader but struggled in government. Lindner must avoid the same fate.  ",1
20113,In the weeds: How top official got tangled in Nigerian aid scandal,"WACHAKAL, Nigeria (Reuters) - When millions of people in northeast Nigeria faced hunger and attacks by Islamist militant group Boko Haram in March 2016, the government acted: it decided to spend $1.4 million cutting down weeds around the village of Wachakal in order to stop flooding. Six months later, many of the weeds had grown back and 317 million naira (at the time $1.04 million) had been transferred from the company hired to destroy them to a firm founded by the government official in charge of dispensing aid, according to a Nigerian Senate report. The report, written by a committee of lawmakers from Nigeria s upper chamber of parliament, concluded that companies that received contracts for projects including the weeding from a government body overseen by the official, Babachir Lawal, transferred a total of 500 million naira (worth around $2.2 million) to the firm he set up. The report publicly called for a criminal investigation into the payments. Central to the probe was whether Lawal was involved in a suspected kickback scheme to divert aid money intended for the volatile northeast. The committee said the scheme involved inflating the value of contracts to enrich Lawal and his associates. The report did not provide evidence to show why it believed costs had been enlarged. Lawal, 62, is an ally of President Muhammadu Buhari and one of his first appointments. In a written statement responding to Reuters  questions, Lawal denied wrongdoing and said he had been the victim of a Senate witch-hunt. The United Nations has warned that northeast Nigeria is gripped by one of the world s worst humanitarian crises. Boko Haram has burned down homes, destroyed livelihoods and killed thousands of people. Refugees living in camps complain of starvation and disease, while soldiers and police have been accused of rape. A Reuters review of the Senate report s findings shows how two pillars of Buhari s presidency - restoring stability in the northeast and fighting corruption - may have been undermined by the alleged misappropriation of aid money and food. The review draws upon documents detailing bank transfers and corporate records, visits to aid projects and interviews with senior politicians, diplomats and humanitarian workers. The final Senate report, published in May, recommended that Lawal be prosecuted for allegedly flouting procurement rules and breaking his oaths of office. He was suspended in April pending a presidential investigation launched after the Senate s findings first surfaced in an earlier draft of the report. The investigation into Lawal, ordered by Buhari, was headed by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, who delivered his findings to the president on Aug. 22.  The president has to look at the report, study it and then make his own decisions,  Osinbajo said, without saying what was in the presidential investigation report. Buhari s office referred Reuters to the vice president s comments. Despite Buhari s vows to fight corruption, no major figures have been convicted so far. Boko Haram, who have killed around 20,000 people since 2009, have been pushed back in some areas yet continue to launch attacks, while millions of people in the northeast rely on some form of aid. Shehu Sani, who chaired the Senate committee that produced the report, said overall losses to suspected corruption in various forms in the northeastern humanitarian crisis in recent years had not been determined due to the probe s specific remit and factors that restricted its scope. He said the Senate investigation was limited by the timeframe examined, as it focused on government aid spending since the current administration took office in May, 2015. Sani also said some government agencies had refused to cooperate, access to bank account details was limited and the use of international donor funds was not investigated.  We can say, conservatively, that over 10 billion naira ($33 million) of monies that were supposed to go to the IDPs (internally displaced persons) were misappropriated or unaccounted for, or misused from different segments of the Nigerian government,  Sani told Reuters. He said he was referring to all forms of corruption related to funds involving Nigerian humanitarian aid dating back around three years, and not just allegations involving Lawal. He declined to elaborate further. The humanitarian crisis began in 2014. Nigeria s then-president, Goodluck Jonathan, set up the Presidential Initiative on the Northeast (PINE) to provide emergency assistance to communities and foster economic growth in the region. PINE had problems from the outset. According to a 2014 internal PINE presentation prepared by the then-chairman for the group s committee, a pilot scheme sent 51 food trucks to Borno state and 10 to Gombe state; none arrived. After he became president in 2015, Buhari made Lawal Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) - Nigeria s top civil servant. Through PINE, Lawal oversaw millions of dollars of aid. The Senate report alleges that most aid contracts in 2016 did not help the needy. Instead, inflated contracts  were awarded to companies belonging to top government officials  cronies and close associates . It said a company called Rholavision Engineering Limited, which describes itself as  Information and Communication Technology Engineers & Consultants  and was founded by Lawal in 1990, was where money for companies that were awarded contracts by PINE came to first. In his statement, Lawal said he relinquished ties with Rholavision on Aug. 27, 2015, four days before being sworn in as SGF. But company registry records show he did not resign as a director until Sept. 8, 2016. In addition, a signed letter from Lawal to the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) dated Sept. 16, 2016 - contained in the appendices of the Senate report - said he wished to relinquish his shares in Rholavision.  That can t be true,  said Lawal in a text message when asked about the apparent discrepancy.  This is forged,  he said, when sent a picture of the letter to CAC. He declined to elaborate. Rholavision declined to comment.  In March and August 2016, PINE awarded two contracts to cut weeds and improve irrigation in riverside communities in the northeastern state of Yobe. For some 30 years, the weeds had caused farmland to flood and prevented people from fishing. The contracts, worth a combined total of 531 million naira, were granted to Josmon Technologies Ltd. The first contract,  awarded in March 2016, was for 273 million naira - at the time worth $1.4 million. The second contract was awarded to Josmon in August 2016. Nigeria s naira currency lost around a third of its value two months earlier, so the 258 million naira contract was then worth some $845,000. Rholavision, the company founded by Lawal, received a contract for a consultancy role in the weed-cutting project. The 7.1 million naira contract was awarded in March 2016 when that sum was equivalent to $36,040. Some work was done. Ali Dodo, a farmer in Wachakal, told Reuters that he and others cut weeds around the Komadugu-Yobe river over a month-long period from August 2016. He said contractors paid them 2,500 naira a day. Reuters was unable to determine how much was spent on the work in total. Bank records, however, show that Josmon Technologies paid 317 million naira to Rholavision between March and September 2016. Monday John Apeh, a Josmon director, told Reuters that  Josmon has no relationship with Mr Babachir Lawal . In a text message, he said Josmon struggled to finance the PINE contract because the company had been experiencing financial difficulties and would only be paid when the work was complete. That  led us to borrow money from Rholavision s MD , he said. Josmon said 195 million naira ($637,359) of the 317 million naira it sent to Rholavision was to repay that loan. Apeh declined to comment on what happened to the remaining 122 million naira. Lawal said in his statement:  These purely business transactions between the companies cannot be classified as bribes.  Dodo, the local farmer, said weeds started growing back within six months. Despite numerous setbacks, Nigeria s government is trying to reboot aid efforts. Buhari replaced PINE with the Presidential Committee on the Northeast Initiative last October. In June, the government promised to distribute 30,000 tonnes of grain to people displaced by Boko Haram, after saying more than half of food aid previously dispatched had gone missing. Zainab Ahmed, who heads Nigeria s Inter-Ministerial Task Force on the Humanitarian Response in the Northeast, told Reuters the deliveries would now be guarded by soldiers. Coordination between agencies  is not perfect but it has improved a great deal and is getting better,  she said. ",1
20114,Post-election conundrum awaits Germany's Merkel," BERLIN (Reuters) - Barring an upset, the main uncertainty surrounding Europe s most important election this year is not whether Angela Merkel will continue to lead Germany after next week s vote, but who with and how long they will take to get going.  Although a surprise cannot be ruled out in the wake of any Russian interference, pollsters say they are confident about their surveys, which show Merkel s conservatives winning the most seats in the Bundestag lower house.  The far-right, anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) is set to enter parliament for the first time, and some experts have said it may gain more support than the roughly 10 percent polls suggest, an alarming prospect for many at home and abroad.  But all the other parties have ruled out joining it in a coalition - an inherent part of Germany s electoral system - and the most likely scenario is probably a repeat of Merkel s  grand coalition  with the Social Democrats (SPD).  She will start sounding out partners right after the Sept. 24 vote, but coalition building is a protracted process, which could paralyze policy for months at a time when Brexit has shaken Europe s foundations.  The process is especially complex this time as the number of parliamentary groups could rise to six from four. Informal soundings and then exploratory talks precede formal coalition negotiations and party leaders may also seek approval from their members before signing off on any deal.  Depending on the shape of the coalition, the main issues at stake are the integration of the more than 1 million migrants who have arrived in Germany in the last two years, and investment in Europe's biggest economy as well as Merkel's leading role in talks on reform of the European Union and relations with Russia and Turkey.  Here are the main scenarios:  CONSERVATIVES, SOCIAL DEMOCRATS ( GRAND COALITION )  The most likely option, according to opinion polls. Merkel s parliamentary party, made up of her Christian Democrats (CDU) and the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) has governed with the SPD for eight of the 12 years that Merkel has been chancellor, including the last four.  WHAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE: Merkel, who has steered the conservatives toward the political center ground, looks comfortable ruling with the SPD. Such a coalition would likely have a large majority, provide continuity and broadly agree on Europe, Turkey, foreign policy, migration and security issues.  HURDLES: It is a last resort for both sides, especially the SPD, which fears it will lose out as junior partner. It wants more emphasis on investment, education, tackling inequality and fair pensions while conservatives are more focused on tax cuts. The SPD is also reluctant to back planned defense spending hikes.  CONSERVATIVES, FREE DEMOCRATS ( BLACK-YELLOW )  The conservative block and pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) are traditional partners, especially on financial and economic policy, having ruled together for almost half of post-war Germany s seven decades. If they win sufficient votes, this is the most likely scenario.  WHAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE: The pro-business FDP has rebounded this year, winning enough votes in a vote in Germany s most populous state, North Rhine-Westphalia, in May to share power with the CDU there. A repeat at federal level would herald tax cuts and deregulation and possibly tighter laws on immigration, asylum seeking and security.  HURDLES: The FDP was wiped out of parliament in 2013 after four chaotic years ruling with Merkel. It has more radical tax reduction and privatization plans, opposes deeper EU integration and wants EU countries to be able to quit the euro zone. Party leader Christian Lindner has also suggested Germany accept Russia s 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine, something Merkel has ruled out.  CONSERVATIVES, FDP, GREENS ( JAMAICA  - REFERENCE TO PARTIES  COLOURS: BLACK, YELLOW, GREEN)  As yet untested at a federal level, this combination rules in the northern state of Schleswig-Holstein.  WHAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE - If Merkel s bloc can t form an alliance with the FDP or the Greens alone, it may try a three-way deal. Both smaller parties have played down this option but may be lured by the prospect of power.  HURDLES - The Greens and FDP are at opposite ends of the political spectrum. Policy clashes would be likely on tax, energy, the EU and migrants.  CONSERVATIVES, GREENS ( BLACK-GREEN )  Untested at a federal level, this has been mooted as an option under Merkel, who has pushed renewable energy. The CDU and Greens have worked together at regional level, including in a Greens-led coalition in the rich southern state of Baden-Wuerttemberg.  WHAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE: The Greens  leaders are pragmatic, worlds away from the eco-warriors who founded the party. The prospect of power may persuade them to compromise. Such a coalition would promote a strong Europe and focus on fighting climate change. The Greens would push for a phaseout of coal-fired power stations.  HURDLES: Doubtful they would win a majority. Conservatives want lower taxes while Greens want to tax the super rich. Greens have a more liberal migrant policy which could pit them against the CSU, and they oppose plans to increase defense spending. Clashes are also likely on some aspects of energy policy and auto emissions regulation following the diesel scandal.  A minority government would be a first and stability-craving Germans would not like it but may prefer it to new elections.  WHAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE: If Merkel fails to find a partner, she may feel she has a mandate to rule given her personal popularity. She would probably get support for individual policies from the FDP, SPD and Greens.  HURDLES: Merkel s natural caution coupled with Germans  fear of instability, a legacy of the fragmentation in the years that preceded the rise of Hitler s Nazi party.  SPD, LEFT, GREENS ( RED-RED-GREEN  or  R2G )  Highly unlikely. Never tested at a federal level, a tie up between the SPD and Greens, preferred partners, and the radical Left party, could be the only way for the SPD to take the chancellery. It is being tested in the state of Berlin under SPD leadership and, with a Left premier, in the state of Thuringia.  WHAT MAKES IT POSSIBLE: For the first time, the SPD has not excluded the possibility of joining the Left. Such a coalition would probably focus on boosting investment and tackling inequality and adopt a more Russia-friendly stance.  HURDLES: The Left s links with Communists in former East Germany and painful SPD memories of an exodus to the Left over deep labor market reforms more than a decade ago. While the SPD and Greens could rule together relatively easily, the Left wants a top tax rate of 75 percent, a 30-hour week and to replace NATO with an alliance including Russia.  ",1
20115,Iraqi parliament votes to remove kirkuk governor from office: lawmakers,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s parliament voted on Thursday to remove the governor of Kirkuk from office following a request from Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, according to several lawmakers who attended the vote.  The decision to remove the governor, Najmaddin Kareem, comes after Kirkuk - an oil-rich province claimed by both the central government in Baghdad and the autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq - decided to take part in a referendum set for Sept. 25 on Kurdish independence. ",1
20116,Soldiers on Europe's streets dent NATO's defense edge,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The use of armed soldiers to patrol alongside pavement cafes and selfie-snapping tourists in European cities since jihadi attacks risks compromising deployments overseas, military leaders say. Belgium and major military power France, both active in EU and NATO missions, have cut back training to free up troops and NATO planners fear that over time armies may get better at guarding railway stations and airports than fighting wars. Some of the more than 15,000 soldiers serving at home in Europe say tramping the streets is a far cry from the foreign adventures they signed up for and that they feel powerless to defend against militants.   We are standing around like flowers pots, just waiting to be smashed,  said an officer just returned from Afghanistan for guard duty in Belgium, which, like France, has more troops deployed at home than in any single mission abroad. Security personnel have been targeted in both countries but patrols begun as a temporary measure after Islamic State attacks in 2015 have become permanent fixtures as opinion polls show that people are reassured by soldiers on show at home. Italy has had soldiers on the streets since 2008, Britain used them briefly this year and, along with Spain, is prepared for deployments if threat levels rise. Despite their painful history, Germany and Austria have debated having military patrols at home for the first time since World War Two. Across Europe, political debate is shifting from whether, to how to adapt the armed forces to a homeland role, a concern for military leaders eyeing budgets, morale and training. France s former military chief, who quit in July, said it had overstretched the army, while the head of Belgium s land forces told Reuters the domestic deployment was taking its toll.  I see a lot of people who leave our defense forces because of the operation,  General Marc Thys, the commander of Belgium s land forces, said in an interview, without giving numbers. Not everyone agrees. A defense ministry source in Italy said its domestic patrols had  absolutely no impact on overseas missions or on training . But some in NATO worry protracted domestic operations will make key members of the 29-strong transatlantic alliance less ready to deploy to Afghanistan or eastern European borders with Russia.  It is popular with the public, it is cheaper than the police,  a senior NATO source said.  But if the requirement came to send a lot of forces to reinforce our eastern allies ... would the government be willing to pull its soldiers off the street to do that, could it?  The challenge of battling Islamic State at home and abroad, squeezes resources just as NATO leaders seek to show U.S. President Donald Trump they are reliable allies, after he repeatedly questioned the alliance s worth. Given the homeland operations, some military sources and experts say politicians face a tough choice: to expand the army, summon up reserves or create a new domestic security force - a halfway between the police and military - to replace them as Belgium has chosen to do over the coming years.  It mobilizes so many people that we are having trouble deploying people abroad for U.N. and EU missions,  said a second NATO source.  The operations put 10,000 heavily armed combat troops on the streets in France and 1,800 in Belgium after Islamic State attacks in early 2015. The numbers are down to 7,000 and 1,200 respectively, but they still tie up roughly a tenth of deployable army personnel in each nation. They can also be bad for morale. The mix of schools, offices and warehouse hastily converted into barracks in Belgium  are worse than Afghanistan,  said a soldier, showing pictures of cramped rooms piled high with gear. Some 45 percent of soldiers surveyed by the Belgian military in December said they were thinking of quitting - many to the police - as being away had strained families and led to divorce. A source in the French military, which has not made polling public, said of its street patrols, known as Operation Sentinelle:  Sentinelle is a burden whose impact on soldiers  morale we ve never denied.  For now, Thys said the Belgian armed forces are not pulling back from foreign missions but have less time for training.  We take everything into account, our homeland operation and our international missions. If you go up on one side, we have to go down on the other side,  Thys told Reuters. In France, training days were cut from 90 to 59 days last year, according to a defense ministry report in October. A decline of some 30 percent began with the deployment on home soil, experts say.  The longer they do it, the less sharp as a military they are,  said General Sir Richard Barrons, Britain s former military chief.  But once you are committed to this it takes a very brave politician to turn it off.  The new head of France s armed forces, which has thousands of troops abroad fighting Islamist militants in the Sahel, Iraq, Syria and elsewhere, says something has to give.  We have to choose how to adjust our commitments, to give us back some flexibility, because who knows where the French army will have to deploy in a year,  General Francois Lecointre was cited by local media as saying earlier this month. President Emmanuel Macron has announced a strategic review of the street patrols. His new armed forces minister, Florence Parly, said on Tuesday they would not be cut but would be made more flexible. In Italy, where up to 7,000 soldiers help police, a defense ministry source said they were moved around often to keep them from being bored - an approach that France and Belgium will both now put into play. Italy has escaped militant attacks so far and troops elsewhere have disarmed or killed would-be attackers - such as a knife-wielding assailant outside the Eiffel tower last month and a suitcase bomber in Brussels in June. But their effectiveness is hard to quantify, and attacks on men in uniform like that in Paris last month - with its familiar pattern of a car plowing into its victims - has renewed fears they may draw fire or shoot in error. In France, three in four voters approve of street patrols, although nearly 40 percent doubt they are effective in combating terrorism. In Belgium, support for the military is 80 percent, up from 20 percent before the mission.  It s a PR operation: nothing more,  said Wally Struys, a professor emeritus at Belgium Royal Military Academy. But Belgium s Thys and others see no end to the operations, which give the military an extra argument against years of declining budgets.   They are part of the landscape now,  said Saad Amrani, chief commissioner and policy adviser of the Belgian Federal Police.  We depend on them.  ",1
20117,UK terrorism arrests soar to record level after attacks this year,"LONDON (Reuters) - The number of people arrested in Britain on suspicion of terrorism offences rocketed by 68 percent in the last year to the highest figure on record during a period when the country suffered four deadly attacks, figures showed on Thursday. Statistics from the Home Office (interior ministry) showed there were 379 arrests in the year to June, up from 226 from the 12 previous months, and the most since 2001 when the data began to be collected. Britain is on its second-highest threat level,  severe , meaning an attack is highly likely and 36 people were killed in terrorist incidents in the first six months of 2017. Among the arrests, 12 came after an attack in March on London s Westminster Bridge when a man drove a car into pedestrians killing four, before he stabbed a policeman to death outside parliament. Another 23 followed a suicide bombing at a pop concert in Manchester in May, and the following month police arrested 21 suspects after three Islamist militants drove into pedestrians on London Bridge before stabbing people at nearby restaurants and bars, killing eight. One arrest followed an attack in north London when a van was driven into worshippers near a mosque which left one man dead. Britain s most senior counter-terrorism officer Mark Rowley has said police have been arresting a suspect every day. He said this week that there had been a shift in the threat level rather than an isolated spike. In the three years until March this year, police foiled 13 potential attacks but in the next 17 weeks, there were the four attacks while the authorities thwarted six others, Rowley said.  The pace has continued to be almost as challenging since then,  he told a conference in Israel. The official figures showed that among the 379 arrests, 123 people were charged with an offense, of which 105 were terrorism-related, while 189 were released without charge. ",1
20118,Boys 'cried from barred windows' as Islamic school blaze kills 23 in Malaysia,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - A blaze at an Islamic boarding school in the Malaysian capital killed at least 23 people on Thursday, most of them teenage boys who cried for help from barred windows, officials and witnesses said. The fire broke out at around 5.40 a.m. in a top-floor dormitory in the three-storey building, firemen said, where most of the students were sleeping in bunk beds, with many of the windows covered by metal grills. One survivor said there was just one window the boys managed to open. Two teachers were also killed in the fire at the Darul Quran Ittifaqiyah, a 15-minute drive from the iconic Petronas Twin Towers in Kuala Lumpur, police said, adding that most of the victims died from smoke inhalation. The youngest was just seven, media said. The disaster has renewed calls for greater scrutiny of so-called  tahfiz  schools, where students learn to memorize the Quran. They are unregulated by the education ministry, being the responsibility of the religious department.  Deputy Prime Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said at least 31 fires had been reported at such schools in Malaysia since 2011, adding that they must follow safety regulations.  We will continue to carry out investigations, especially through forensics, as we found that there was some security features that should have been complied with but weren t,  Zahid told reporters outside the school.   Fire department operations deputy director Soiman Jahid said the cause was likely a short circuit or a mosquito repellent coil. The dormitory had only one entrance, leaving many of the victims trapped, he said.  The building was surrounded by metal grills that could not be opened from the inside. The students, after realizing the fire and heavy smoke, tried to escape through the window,  Soiman said outside the school.  But because of the grills, they could not escape.  Soiman said the school had submitted a request for fire safety approval but no new checks had been carried out as the request was still being processed.  The pupils all got locked in and they couldn t escape and got burned,  Nadia Azalan, sister of a 13-year-old victim, told Reuters in tears as distraught family members gathered outside the building.  Safety should come first.  Mohamad Arif Mawardi, 24, who was sleeping on one of the lower floors, said he realized there was a fire only after he heard people shouting.   We wanted to help the others but we couldn t because the fire was rampant. There was nothing we could do,  he said. About 13 boys managed to open a window and escape, Arif said.   Only those 13 who had access to that open window could escape,  he said. A man identified only as Hazin, who lived next door to the school, said his son called the fire department after they heard screams and saw the flames.    The children were crying for help, but I couldn t help them as the door was already on fire,  he said.  Viewed from outside, the only tell-tale signs of disaster were the blackened upper-floor windows, otherwise the tin-roofed building appeared unscathed, with a Malaysian flag hanging limply from the yellow wall.  Only inside did the intensity of the inferno become clear. The dormitory was blackened, lined with the charred frames of bunk beds. Tahfiz schools have been under scrutiny since earlier this year when an 11-year-old boy died after reported abuse in Johor, north of Singapore. ",1
20119,Japan's Abe says U.N. resolution must force change in North Korea,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday called for strict enforcement of a U.N. resolution against North Korea over its latest nuclear test, saying the world must force a change in Pyongyang s policies. Abe made the remarks during a visit to India aimed at deepening economic and defenses ties to balance the weight of a rising China. New Delhi stood with Tokyo in its resolve for a firm response to Pyongyang, he said.   I d like to appeal to the world, together with Prime Minister Modi, that we need to have North Korea change its policy through the thorough implementation of the newly adopted Security Council resolution by the international community.   Prime Minister Modi and I are in full agreement on this,  he said.  The 15-member Security Council voted unanimously on a U.S.-drafted resolution and a new round of sanctions against North Korea on Monday in response to its latest and most powerful test, banning North Korea s textile exports that are the second largest only to coal and mineral, and capping fuel supplies. ",1
20120,German court rules public should have free access to beaches,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The public should not be forced to pay to walk on Germany s beaches or swim in the sea, a federal court ruled, calling into question private beaches along the North and Baltic Sea coasts. The coastal town of Wangerland, 170 km (100 miles) west of Hamburg, was sued by two residents of neighboring towns who demanded it provide free access to its two North Sea beaches. Wangerland s tourist office has largely fenced in the beaches, added facilities, playgrounds and lifeguards, and has been charging visitors a 3-euro ($3.57) entry fee during the summer season, with the exception of residents and tourists of the town itself. Under German law, anyone is allowed to enter unused tracts of land, a provision meant to give the public access to the country s natural beauty and create opportunities for fresh-air recreation free of charge. But a court in the state of Lower Saxony last year ruled in favor of Wangerland, saying the beaches in question were not unused but had been leased by the town for commercial purposes. The federal administrative court said in its ruling published on Thursday the town could not charge visitors to go for walks on the beach or to swim in the sea, but could for using the facilities set up there.  Claims to nearly the entire beach, and not only the areas needed to operate the business, put excessive limits on general liberty,  the court said in a statement, partly overturning the lower court s ruling. ",1
20121,NZ kingmaker calls for inquiry over China spy report,"(Reuters) - A populist politician whose party could emerge as a kingmaker at this month s New Zealand election has called for an inquiry into whether a member of the ruling National Party government has been working for China s intelligence services.  Earlier this week the Financial Times reported that National Party member Jian Yang spent a decade at elite Chinese military academies and has been under investigation by New Zealand s national intelligence agency. Winston Peters, whose New Zealand First party is widely expected to form a ruling coalition with either the National or Labour parties, said that New Zealanders should be  very concerned .  National must act now and a full inquiry is required.  Peters said on his official Twitter account.  There must be proof Dr Yang is not a risk. Meanwhile, Dr Yang must step aside.   Yang who is 55, had lived in China until he was 32, the Financial Times said. No information about his Chinese education or military background was included in his official biographies in New Zealand or those published when he was an academic at Auckland university, it said. Yang, who has been a major fundraiser for the National Party and has pushed for closer ties with Beijing, told media that he was the victim of a  smear campaign  and denied passing on any information to China during his time in New Zealand.  I can understand people can be concerned, because they do not understand Chinese system, but once they understand the system they should be assured this is nothing really you should be concerned about,  he said according to a Newshub report. Prime Minister and National Party leader Bill English said that he was well aware of Yang s background, employment and training in China.   This is a New Zealand citizen. Dr Jian is a New Zealand citizen. The country is happy to have him as a citizen,  English told New Zealand s 1News. English said he had been aware  from early on  that Dr Yang had had  military training, including military intelligence .  He s never tried to hide that background,  English said.  Meanwhile, Labour leader and contender for the premiership Jacinda Ardern declined to comment, saying only it was an  issue for the National Party to respond to,  according to the report.   ",1
20122,South Korea's Moon says he's against having nuclear arms despite North Korea threat,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Thursday he was against bringing nuclear weapons into his country despite North Korea s nuclear threats. Introducing nuclear weapons in South Korea would make it impossible for the two Koreas to establish peace and could fuel an nuclear arms race in Northeast Asia, Moon said in an interview with CNN, according to the presidential Blue House. ",1
20123,UK Foreign Secretary Johnson to hold talks with U.S.' Tillerson in London,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson will meet with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in London on Thursday to discuss issues including Hurricane Irma, North Korea and Libya, his office said. Johnson, who this week visited the British territories of Anguilla and the British Virgin islands to see the devastation caused by Irma, will discuss the international response with Tillerson and French Political Director Nicolas de Riviere.  I ve seen firsthand the devastation Hurricane Irma has caused people in the Caribbean. Close coordination with our allies is vital for both the short-term and long-term recovery efforts,  Johnson said in a statement ahead of the meeting. The three will also discuss the situation in North Korea, which carried out its sixth and largest nuclear test earlier this month. The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously to boost sanctions on North Korea on Monday, but U.S. President Donald Trump has said they were a small step and nothing compared to what would have to happen to deal with the country s nuclear program. Johnson will also host a meeting on Libya, attended by Tillerson and other international representatives including Italian Foreign Minister Angelion Alfano, Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry and U.N. Libya envoy Ghassan Salame. ",1
20124,Vietnam seeks death penalty for embezzlement by ex-chairman of state energy firm,"HANOI (Reuters) - Prosecutors in Vietnam on Thursday said they were seeking the death sentence in an embezzlement case against a former chairman of state energy firm PetroVietnam, as the communist country steps up one of its biggest corruption crackdowns. Some high-ranking political officials have been punished as investigations widen into PetroVietnam and the banking sector, with dozens of banking and energy officials facing trial on charges such as embezzlement, mismanagement and abuse of power. In a statement, the Supreme People s Procuracy of Vietnam said it had sought a death sentence for the former chairman, Nguyen Xuan Son, on charges that include wrongdoing with serious economic consequences and abuse of power to usurp assets. It urged  an overall penalty of death , listing punishments such as a jail term of 16 to 18 years for flouting state rules on economic management and life imprisonment for abuse of power, before seeking the  death sentence for embezzlement . In 2009, PetroVietnam acquired an 800-billion-dong ($35-million) stake in Ocean Group s banking unit, Ocean Bank, which had to be completely written off in 2015, when the central bank took it over at no cost.  Son could not be reached for comment as he is on trial, and Reuters could not immediately reach his lawyer. Prosecutors also sought life imprisonment for Ocean Group s founder, tycoon Ha Van Tham on charges ranging from embezzlement to abuse of power, the statement said, adding that dozens of other Ocean Bank staff could also face years in jail. Ocean Group, which has interests in real estate, finance, hotels and infrastructure, said it had no comment on the sentence sought for Tham, who cannot be reached as he is still on trial. Police opened three new cases against state firm units, among them Russian joint venture Vietsovpetro, Vietnam s sole refinery operator Binh Son Refining and Petrochemical, and PetroVietnam Exploration Production Corp. All three cases focus on alleged abuse of power to usurp assets and are linked to violations at Ocean Bank, Vietnam s police said in a statement on their website on Thursday. Police added another accusation of abuse of power against PetroVietnam s vice general director Ninh Van Quynh, they added, following his arrest and prosecution this month for alleged wrongdoing. Quynh could not be contacted for comment on the fresh charge as he is on trial. Last week a former central bank governor was prosecuted for alleged lack of responsibility. Dinh La Thang, a former PetroVietnam chairman, was removed from the powerful politburo and last month, a vice trade minister was sacked. ",1
20125,Support for NZ's Labour Party improves position as frontrunner in election race,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand s Labour Party on Thursday promised no surprise new taxes until 2020 and improved its position as frontrunner in a national election, with a poll showing its support edging up, threatening the National Party s ten-year grip on power. The result was at odds with a shock survey by another pollster this week that put the centre-right National in the lead and underscored the unusually volatile nature of the race to the vote on Sept. 23. Backing for the Labour Party rose 1 point to 44 percent, the One News-Colmar Brunton poll showed, while support for the National Party also gained 1 point, putting it at 40 percent. In another positive sign for Labour, its potential coalition partner, the Green Party, recovered, rising 2 points to 7 percent, comfortably above the 5 percent threshold needed to gain seats in Parliament.  The nationalist New Zealand First Party fell 3 points to 6 percent, making it less likely that Labour would need the populist party to form a coalition government after the election. Poll results have been swinging wildly and a separate Newshub-Reid poll on Tuesday had shown a surprise surge for National, giving it a robust lead of almost ten points. The National Party has vowed to support free trade as global protectionism rises, in particular, by championing the Trans-Pacific Partnership pact, which Labour has said it would renegotiate. An average of polls released by Radio New Zealand on Wednesday, which included the results of Newshub s shock poll, put the two parties at almost even support. Thursday s poll was published on the same day Labour moved to stem criticism of a plan to set up an expert panel to consider new levies, such as a capital gains tax.  To avoid any doubt, no one will be affected by any tax changes arising from the outcomes of the Working Group until 2021,  said Labour finance spokesman Grant Robertson, in a statement. As rivalry has heated up, Labour leader Jacinda Ardern on Wednesday called National  desperate liars  in response to an advertisement saying the centre-left party would bring in new taxes and subverting its slogan,  Let s Do This  into  Let s Tax This .  Investors have been made jittery by the uncertainty over who will govern, but currency reaction to the latest poll was muted.  The New Zealand dollar - the word s 11th most traded currency in 2016 - softened slightly to $0.7240 from $0.7250 shortly before the poll results. ",1
20126,"Macedonia wants EU membership process, Greek talks to run in tandem","LONDON (Reuters) - Macedonia hopes it has done enough to convince the European Union to start accession talks while a quarter-of-a-century-long row with neighbouring Greece rumbles on, its foreign minister said on Wednesday. Greece has vetoed the ex-Yugoslav republic s attempts to join both the EU and NATO because it says the name Macedonia implies a territorial claim over Greece s own northerly region of Macedonia. Macedonia s suggestion last month to use the name the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia as it does at other international bodies was not  immediately embraced  by Greece, Macedonia s Foreign Minister Nikola Dimitrov told Reuters. The two sides are set to meet again later this month at the U.N. General Assembly in New York. Whatever the outcome, Macedonia wants the EU to agree that accession talks - which could take years - can at least get under way.  If we have enough in terms of reform at home, we hope we will reach that stage (to start EU accession talks) and deal with the name issue in parallel,  Dimitrov said. The time it takes to go through the EU membership process might give Greece, which has previously insisted that Skopje use a compound name such as  New  or  Upper  Macedonia, enough comfort that process can be halted if needed. European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker gave a boost to Macedonia s EU hopes, and those of Serbia, Albania, Montenegro, Bosnia and Kosovo, saying on Wednesday:  We must maintain a credible enlargement perspective for the Western Balkans.   Joining NATO is more clear cut, meaning that for now there is unlikely to be much leeway from Greece.  We cannot fight our way into the NATO alliance, we have to talk our way in,  Dimitrov said.  We need to be seen in Athens as an ally ... In the long run it is also in the Greek interest to have a law-governed neighbour to their northern border.  Macedonia, a small ex-Yugoslav republic of about 2 million people, declared independence in 1991 and avoided the violence that accompanied much of the breakup of Yugoslavia. It was later rocked by an insurgency among its large ethnic Albanian minority that almost tore the country apart in 2001 and it has just emerged from two years of political turmoil after a wiretapping scandal brought down the previous ruling nationalist VMRO-DPMNE party bloc in 2015. Tensions boiled over again in April when protesters stormed parliament and assaulted the country s now prime minister after his party and ethnic Albanian allies voted to elect an Albanian as parliament speaker. Macedonia s position just above Greece meant it was also on the key Syrian refugee and north African migrant transit route to northern Europe until the EU and Turkey struck a deal to stem the flow. Turkey is due in the coming months to receive a tranche of the money that came with the deal and Dimitrov said it was important the arrangement remained firm.  We think it is very important for Europe to continue to assist Turkey.   I think closing the Balkan route and the Turkish-EU (financial) deal together helped both Europe and the refugees have a more organised approach to the problem so both are very important and we need both to stay in place.  (This version of the story removes wrongly attributed acronym from paragraph 3) ",1
20127,Does Myanmar violence amount to human rights crimes?,"(Reuters) - Myanmar stands accused by rights groups of ethnic cleansing and human rights violations after violence broke out in the northwestern state of Rakhine, triggering an exodus of about 400,000 Rohingya Muslims to southern Bangladesh.  At least 400 people have been killed, and thousands of homes and villages have been torched, since the military launched a counteroffensive against Rohingya insurgents in late August. Myanmar does not recognize the roughly 1.1 million Rohingyas as citizens, leaving them effectively stateless. The following are questions and answers on the violence:     The military says it is protecting Myanmar against attacks by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), which it has labeled a terrorist group and accuses of killings and destruction in Rakhine state.  Human rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and ethnic Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Rohingya. Rights groups say an independent investigation is required to determine possible abuses or violations by various parties.     Yes, according to United Nations officials and rights groups.   Top U.N. officials have said the violence in Myanmar is a case of  textbook ethnic cleansing .   The U.N. has in the past defined ethnic cleansing as  rendering an area ethnically homogeneous by using force or intimidation to remove persons of given groups from the area.        Ethnic cleansing is not recognized as a separate crime under international law. But allegations of ethnic cleansing as part of wider, systematic human rights violations have been heard in international courts against individuals - including former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic, who was convicted of genocide. Phil Robertson, deputy director for Asia at Human Rights Watch (HRW), said initial investigations in Myanmar were  indicative of an ethnic cleansing campaign .  When an army is burning people out of their villages all over northern Rakhine state and using violence against civilians, it results in the kind of incredible refugee flows we re seeing,  he added. Myanmar has denied allegations of ethnic cleansing. ARE WE SEEING GENOCIDE, WAR CRIMES, CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY? Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has said the killing of hundreds of Rohingya amounted to genocide, but rights groups have so far stayed away from these labels, because all three categories are clearly defined and covered in international law. For the ongoing violence to be considered war crimes, the parties involved would have to be at war. Currently, experts say, Myanmar is not technically at war because it only has one party - the military - that is organized enough to carry out intensive fighting operations.     We have not yet been able to determine whether a  state of war  is present in Rakhine state,  said HRW s Robertson.   Crimes against humanity and genocide could be taking place even in the absence of war, but, under U.N. definitions, there would need to be proof of other conditions such as broader,  systematic attacks against the Rohingyas.         Human rights groups have accused Myanmar of laying anti-personnel mines along the border with Bangladesh to prevent Rohingya refugees from returning to Rakhine state.  Because the crisis is not currently defined as a war, this cannot be considered a war crime, according to experts.  However it would violate other international human rights laws, even though Myanmar is not party to the 1997 Mine Ban Treaty.   For nations that are not parties to the treaty, the use of anti-personnel mines violates customary international law, because the weapons are inherently indiscriminate and cause disproportionate long-term harm to civilians,  said Richard Weir, a legal expert at HRW.  A Myanmar military source told Reuters that landmines were laid along the border in the 1990s to prevent trespassing and the military had since tried to remove them, but that none had been planted recently. In international law, an individual can be held criminally responsible for when a state or military commits war crimes or crimes against humanity. Rights groups have called for an independent investigation of abuses by all parties, including ARSA. Many believe the government and the military should be held responsible.   Myanmar is systematically violating the rights of the Rohingya ... and both the government and the military now need to suffer serious consequences for this,  said HRW s Robertson. This depends on the findings of an independent investigation, if the Myanmar government allows one to take place, experts say. Rights groups have called for the U.N. Security Council to also reprimand Myanmar in other ways, for instance, by imposing sanctions such as an arms embargo. They have also urged countries, including the United States and Australia, to suspend bilateral military ties. The 1991 Nobel Peace Prize winner has faced widespread international criticism for not doing enough to protect the Rohingya community. Suu Kyi has no direct control over the military, which remains powerful under Myanmar s army-written constitution. But she is Myanmar s foreign minister and de facto civilian leader and has defended the military operation.  It s premature to speculate,  said Robertson, adding that individual responsibility should be based on an impartial investigation.  The International Criminal Court (ICC), based in The Hague, Netherlands, has the jurisdiction to prosecute crimes of genocide, war crimes, and crimes against humanity.  Myanmar is among the countries, which also include the United States and China, that are not signatory to the treaty that created the ICC, so it is not obligated to cooperate. But if the U.N. Security Council were to refer a case to the court then Myanmar, being a member of the U.N., would be subject to its jurisdiction. Ad hoc tribunals and commissions have been set up in the past to hear cases of mass human rights violations. For instance, the United Nations established the International Criminal Tribunals for Yugoslavia and Rwanda to deal with crimes that took place there. Rights groups say they are protected by various U.N. human rights treaties, primarily the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which Myanmar voted for in 1948. The document includes provisions for the right to life and right to a nationality - particularly relevant to the Rohingyas, who are effectively stateless. (Story amends headline.) ",1
20128,Coal mine explosion kills nine workers in northern China: Xinhua,"BEIJING (Reuters) - An explosion late on Wednesday at a small coal mine in China s northern province of Heilongjiang killed nine workers, the official Xinhua News Agency said on Thursday.  The incident occurred at the Yuchen coal mine, which has 60,000 tonnes of annual production capacity, located in the city of Jixi.  The latest accident follows an announcement by China s State Council on Aug. 31 to launch a new round of safety checks at coal mines and chemical plants starting in September after injuries during an incident at a state-owned coal mine in August. China s coal output in August fell to a 10-month low, data from the National Statistics Bureau showed on Thursday, suggesting mines have reduced production in the wake of major accidents.  ",1
20129,EU workers drift from Britain just as restaurateurs need them most,"LONDON (Reuters) - Business is booming for Paul Murphy s recruitment agency in northwest England. Clients are rolling in with more jobs in restaurants, bars and hotels than ever before, but finding workers to fill them has become tricky. Britain s vote to leave the EU has complicated life for Murphy. A steady stream of continental Europeans who for years have taken up hundreds of thousands of positions in the hospitality business and other industries has started to dry up.  It s definitely getting worse. The lead time to fill a chef vacancy at the moment ... could be anything between two and six months,  said Murphy, whose Knight Benton Recruitment agency is based in the small town of Cleator Moor. By contrast finding a chef last year would take two months at most, he told Reuters.  Citizens of the remaining European Union states - from Italians and Spanish to Poles and Romanians - face losing their automatic right to live in Britain when it leaves the bloc in March 2019. Murphy believes the government must produce an alternative immigration regime that ensures employers get the workers they need.  Without a proper plan in place, they could crash the economy,  he said.  The hospitality sector, like farming and construction, has relied heavily on Europeans, and particularly on people from the poorer ex-communist states which began joining the EU in 2003. Citizens of other EU countries could make up as much as a quarter of the 3 million workers in hospitality, according to a KPMG report based on a survey of British Hospitality Association (BHA) members. That includes 75 percent of waiting staff, 37 percent of housekeepers and 25 percent of chefs. Last June s referendum has affected both the supply of labor and demand for it. European workers are starting to leave Britain or having second thoughts about coming in the first place, worried about their uncertain status after Brexit.  On top of this, the pound has fallen more than 15 percent against the euro and about 21 percent against the Polish zloty since the referendum. That means Europeans  sterling pay does not stretch nearly so far when they send money home, encouraging them to seek work elsewhere. But Murphy s clients need more staff. Cleator Moor lies on the edge of the Lake District national park, a top tourist draw. The weak pound has encouraged many Britons to holiday at home and attracted growing numbers of foreign visitors to places like the Lake District. They need feeding and accommodating. Smaller firms are particularly affected. Some are paying agencies to recruit for roles they used to fill easily themselves, raising salaries and offering more part-time hours.    At a national level, big brands like the Pret a Manger sandwich chain and pizza restaurant group Franco Manca have warned about the impact on their businesses.  Hospitality alone accounts for around 4.3 percent of the British economy, the BHA estimates, but the problem is wider.   Numerous recruitment and sentiment surveys have suggested that firms across the economy are struggling to fill vacancies. Prime Minister Theresa May s government has to balance these concerns with those of the many Britons who say they voted for Brexit primarily to clamp down on migration from the EU. The government wants to keep the right of Irish citizens to work in Britain, an arrangement which long pre-dates the EU. But a leaked document last week showed it is considering restricting migration from other EU states to all but the highest skilled workers. The government has said only that it would set out its proposals later this year. Employers fear too hard a line will make matters worse. Already they raised salaries at the fastest pace for two years in August as the fall in EU migration aggravates the labor shortage, according to a survey by the Recruitment and Employment Confederation.  Hospitality needs to recruit 200,000 people every year to make up for natural staff turnover and power its growth, according to the BHA. Without any new EU migration or an increase in applications from Britons, it estimates the industry could face a shortfall of more than 60,000 jobs every year. Since 2003 the number of people born in other EU states living in Britain has jumped from 1.26 million to 3.68 million in 2017, according to Oxford University s Migration Observatory. Eastern Europeans accounted for almost all the increase. But that trend has slowed sharply. In the 12 months to March, net migration from all countries was 246,000, down 81,000 from the previous year, official data show. More than half that drop was due to EU citizens leaving and fewer arriving since the Brexit vote. The biggest fall was among citizens of eight eastern European countries. Up-market fast food chain Leon, which runs 52 restaurants mostly in London and southeast England, is feeling the consequences.  What we ve seen this year, particularly in the last quarter, is a significant drop in applications from EU nationals,  said Marco Reick, the firm s people director. With staff from other EU states making up around 60 percent of Leon s 1,000-strong workforce, the firm has responded by splitting full-time roles into part-time positions. While more expensive initially, this makes them more attractive to British candidates who tend to want more casual work.  Indian fine-dining restaurant group MW Eat says job  applications from EU nationals are down around 80 percent since the referendum.  We ve had to increase wages by in excess of 10 percent,  said chairman Ranjit Mathrani. Even then, the group is taking on less qualified candidates, raising training costs. As a result, it is having to increase menu prices.  Finding British replacements isn t easy. Mathrani said MW Eat would prefer to hire more locally-born workers, but many see hospitality as an unattractive career choice. On top of that unemployment is its lowest in decades, at 1.46 million people or 4.3 percent of the workforce in the three months to July. Peter Gowers, chief executive of the Travelodge budget hotel group, says there simply aren t enough available Britons.  Even if the hotel industry recruited virtually every person on the unemployment register there wouldn t be enough people to fill all the roles needed in the 10 years following Brexit,  he told the Mail on Sunday newspaper. Gowers called on the government to consider a guest worker program to avoid price rises and investment cuts. Other large firms say they have avoided the impact so far. One such is the Gordon Ramsay Group, which operates restaurants under the name of one of Britain s most outspoken celebrity chefs. CEO Stuart Gillies said that with two thirds of its workforce from other EU states, the firm has brought forward steps to retain staff including offering more flexible shifts.   The government s ambition is to cut annual net migration to  the tens of thousands . For some employers, the prospect of further falls in migration is unsettling.   That really makes me very uncomfortable, because we re struggling as it is,  said Reick. ",1
20130,German wage talks to include new focus: reduced working hours,"FRANKFURT/BERLIN (Reuters) - The trade union powerhouse that won the 35-hour work week for Germans more than two decades ago is mobilizing for a new campaign to reduce working hours at annual wage negotiations about to kick off nationwide. IG Metall, Germany s biggest union with 2.3 million workers mainly in the car and manufacturing industries, says shorter hours will help shift workers and those who need to care for children or elderly relatives, with wide implications for how German society evolves in the 21st century. If the union s gambit is successful, economists counting on strong wage rises will be watching to see if there are deflationary effects as domestic consumption overtakes exports as the driver of the euro zone s biggest economy. The union begins internal discussions at the local level on Thursday, just as campaigning in Germany s parliamentary election enters its final phase, with issues of work and family high on the agenda.  The timing could have been made to order for a wage round in which our issues will have great support from society,  IG Metall President Joerg Hofmann told a union conference in late June, as he launched the initiative.  The value of time and the value of money will carry equal weight,  Hofmann told journalists last week. IG Metall will release its national list of demands at the end of October. Negotiations with employers begin in November. Buoyed by record employment, a shortage of skilled labor and a strong economy, it is in its strongest bargaining position for years.  Employers are rattled.  Working time is our number one concern,  Oliver Zander, chief executive of the Gesamtmetall umbrella association of employers that mirrors IG Metall, told reporters last week.  We need more hours to be worked.   Reducing working hours now could be problematic, particularly for small companies, he said, and argued productivity gains were not keeping up with unit labor costs.  We have a very tough wage round ahead of us.  IG Metall, whose members work at giants like Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) and Siemens as well as thousands of smaller firms, is trying to wrest back control of working conditions as employers demand ever more flexibility. According to the plan laid out in June, the union wants to establish that workers can reduce weekly hours to 28 for up to two years with a right to return to full-time work. In the cases of low-paid workers who need the extra time to care for relatives, employers would help make up the pay shortfall.  A poll of nearly 700,000 workers at its plants earlier this year found that many shift workers in particular were dissatisfied with their influence over working patterns. One in three of those surveyed worked shifts. IG Metall acknowledges there may have to be a trade-off with the headline pay rise.  Where big sums are involved, such as compensation for the shortfall, the employers will certainly want their payback,  Hofmann told Germany s Deutschlandfunk radio last week. Bundesbank Chief Economist Jens Ulbrich said IG Metall s ideas about working time autonomy and partial compensation for reductions were uncharted territory.  It s quite difficult to assess what the implications of the wage round will be on working time arrangements and wage growth,  he told Reuters. Both the Bundesbank and the European Central Bank are keeping a close eye on the negotiations for any sign that wage growth is picking up, potentially lifting inflation and allowing the ECB to start winding down its massive stimulus program. Despite robust growth across the euro zone, wages have barely risen for years, likely reflecting hidden slack in the labor market - the shortfall between the work people want and the amount available. This is putting the ECB in a tight spot as it has missed its price growth target for nearly five years. The Bundesbank s latest forecast, for 1.4 percent German inflation in 2018, assumes actual wage rises of 2.9 percent, up from 2.4 percent in 2017 and 2.5 percent in 2016. It s not the first time the German work week has been cut. A decade ago, Germans voluntarily cut their hours to share the available work more equally during the global economic crisis.  But where that was a crisis measure, this could be the beginning of a social trend, experts say. Employers got a hint of the mood this year, when most of the more than 100,000 employees at national rail operator Deutsche Bahn [DBN.UL] were given a choice of more money or more holidays and chose the extra days off.  I do believe the trend will go in the direction of shorter working hours,  said Anke Hassel, academic director of the Institute of Economic and Social Research (WSI) of the trade union-affiliated Hans Boeckler Foundation.  IG Metall is the pioneer.   Germans already work fewer than any other nation in the OECD - 1,363 hours a year on average - partly due to large numbers of women working part-time. Jon Messenger, working time specialist at the International Labour Organisation, said the fall in working hours could be seen as a natural evolution of working life, especially in the face of enormous technological change.  That type of working hours reduction is not something I see much of, although I think it would be a good thing,  he said.  It seems to me like it would be a very logical response to increasing automation of production, for example.  Willem Adema, senior economist at the social policy division of the Organisation of the Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), agreed, especially when a reduction was coupled with the right to return to full-time work.  Long hours are not necessarily more productive,  he said. IG Metall s wage settlement will affect as many as 3.9 million workers, including members at plants not directly covered by the pact, and will have a strong influence on other agreements among the 44.4 million workers throughout Germany.  If IG Metall goes a step further with working time, it will certainly send out signals in many areas,  said Thorsten Schulten, wage expert at the WSI.  I can well imagine that we will experience this as a broader issue perhaps already in the next wage rounds, and also in future rounds,  he said. ",1
20131,Austria's leaders reject Juncker's vision for euro expansion,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s Social Democrat Chancellor Christian Kern and conservative Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz on Thursday rejected European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker s vision to expand eastward the euro and a border control free zone. In his annual State of the European Union speech, Juncker sketched out a vision of a post-2019 EU where some 30 countries would be using the euro, with an EU finance minister running key budgets to help states in trouble. French, German and eastern European officials have made positive comments about the speech. Kern, who is running against Kurz in parliamentary elections on Oct. 15, told ORF radio there was no point in expanding the euro and Schengen zone as long as tax fraud, the practice of contracting out work to lower-cost eastern European firms and breaches of limits for government debt had not been vanquished.  It simply makes no sense to enlarge the euro zone before this has not been dealt with, because (otherwise) problems would get bigger,  Kern said, pointing to Greece s struggle for years on the verge of bankruptcy as a prime example of such problems.  If you like this is an expansion of the problems at the end of the day and not a plus in European cooperation. I think this concept is not thought through.  Kurz also pointed to Greece as a bad example of including countries which do not fulfil the conditions for public finances the EU has set for itself.  The euro and the Schengen zone is open for everybody, but only for those that fulfill the criteria... We must avoid another situation like the one in Greece,  Kurz said. ",1
20132,East Timor President says to swear in Mari Alkatiri as PM,"DILI (Reuters) - East Timor is set to swear in Mari Alkatiri for a second stint as prime minister, the country s president said on Thursday, with Asia s youngest democracy facing stiff challenges to boost a flagging economy heavily reliant on oil and gas.  Alkatiri, the secretary general of the Fretilin party, was East Timor s first prime minister after independence from Indonesia in 2002. He stood down in 2006 after a wave of unrest sparked by the sacking of 600 soldiers.  Today I announce to all the people that the president of the republic ... has nominated Dr. Mari Alkatiri to become the prime minister,  President Francisco  Lu Olo  Guterres told a news conference. Guterres called for people to remain calm and said Alkatiri would form a minority government. He expected Alkatiri s  swearing-in to be held either later on Thursday or on Friday.  The most important thing is the politicians need to think about how to maintain government stability in the future and ensure peace,  he said. Fretilin, or the Revolutionary Front for an Independent East Timor, won the most votes in July s election but failed to get an outright majority. It intends to form a coalition with the small Democratic Party. It had been in a de facto coalition since 2015 with the National Congress for Timorese Reconstruction, a party founded by former independence fighter Xanana Gusmao.  Alkatiri, who is a Muslim in the predominantly Roman Catholic nation, spent several decades living in exile in Mozambique during East Timor s struggle for independence. The next prime minister will face pressure to lift flagging oil production in the tiny nation of 1.3 million people, where unemployment and poverty remain high.  Dwindling output from existing oil and gas fields, compounded by the slumping prices of the commodities, have hit the government s budget and crimped its ambition to develop manufacturing as an engine for economic growth.  Australia and East Timor reached a breakthrough agreement earlier this month on a maritime border, ending a decade-old row that has stalled a $40 billion offshore gas project. The long-running dispute has led the owners of the Greater Sunrise fields - Woodside Petroleum, ConocoPhillips, Royal Dutch Shell and Japan s Osaka Gas - to shelve the project. ",1
20133,Japan refueling U.S. missile defense ships keeping watch on North Korean threat: source,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s navy is supplying fuel to U.S. ballistic missile defense (BMD) ships in the Sea of Japan, in a sign of deepening co-operation between the allies amid the growing threat from North Korea, a source said. By providing fuel to the U.S. Aegis destroyers as well as its own BMD ships, Japan hopes to ensure patrols can be maintained without unnecessary gaps, said the source, who has knowledge of the operation. The refueling began in April, the Nikkei financial daily reported earlier. North Korea threatened on Thursday to sink Japan with nuclear weapons for  dancing to the tune  of the United States for backing a U.N. Security Council resolution that imposed fresh sanctions on Pyongyang. The U.S. Navy s Seventh Fleet usually has around six Aegis ships assigned to BMD operations around Japan. Japan operates four ships of its own. They are armed with interceptors designed to shoot down warheads in space before they plunge to their targets. Around half of the ships would normally be at sea at any one time. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s administration in 2015 won lawmaker approval to expand the role of the nation s Self Defence Forces (SDF) under the pacifist constitution to allow them to take on a bigger role in the alliance with Washington, including resupplying and defending U.S. ships. Japan has delivered fuel to U.S. ships in the past under ad hoc legislation, including vessels deployed to support military operations in Afghanistan a decade ago. But this is the first time it has been undertaken under the new security law. Japan s Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga at his regular morning press briefing on Thursday said that this kind of co-operation would be undertaken by the allies. He declined to comment on the Aegis ship fuel shipments saying  it could reveal details of SDF and U.S. Navy operations.  ",1
20134,13 killed in gang battles in two Mexican states,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - At least 13 people were killed in battles between rival gangs in two states in central and western Mexico, officials said on Wednesday, as murders climb to record levels this year. Five people were gunned down in a bar on Tuesday night in the capital of central Guanajuato state while seven people were found dead in two different places in the western state of Michoacan, according to officials at state prosecutors offices. Three dismembered bodies, including a woman s, were found in the community of Angahuan near the drug-gang hotbed of Uruapan, the Michoacan prosecutors  office said. Michoacan has been one of the bloodiest states in Mexico because of battles between rival gangs involved in drug trafficking, kidnapping, extortion of local businesses as well as mineral theft and illegal logging. Neighboring Guanajuato state has seen a spike in violence. Murders were up 37 percent in Guanajuato in the first seven months of the year compared to the same period last year. The murder rate has already risen above levels seen in 2011, which was the deadliest year under former president Felipe Calderon who sent the army out to battle drug gangs. Nationally, there were 14,190 murder investigations in the first seven months of the year, the highest total through July for any year in records going back to 1997. The increase in violence has hit the popularity of President Enrique Pena Nieto and his Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) ahead of next year s presidential election. ",1
20135,China's big money trumps U.S. influence in Cambodia," (Story corrects to million from billion in paragraph 12 of September 11th version.) By Prak Chan Thul and Matthew Tostevin PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Accused of plotting treason with Cambodia s detained opposition leader, the U.S. embassy posted a picture of a red herring on its Facebook page. The cryptic suggestion that the accusations were false - a mystifying reference for many Cambodians - was followed by further posts on Monday showing how U.S. aid was helping to preserve temples and forests. Those posts also underscored the big difference between aid from the United States and aid from China, whose greater support for big ticket projects has helped allow Prime Minister Hun Sen to brush off criticism over the arrest of election rival Kem Sokha. Not only is China vastly outspending the United States in a country once destroyed by Cold War superpower rivalry, but its money goes on highly visible infrastructure projects and with no demands for political reform. U.S. aid goes more towards social projects and trying to build democracy - unwanted interference for the government of a prime minister who has ruled for over 30 years.  Taking aid doesn t mean they can order us to do what they want. We aren t their ally. We aren t their slave,  government spokesman Phay Siphan told Reuters.  The Chinese always support us in economic growth and they never interfere in our decisions.  The U.S. embassy made no immediate comment. Cambodia has dismissed U.S. and Western criticism of the Sept. 3 arrest of opposition leader Kem Sokha. China has backed Hun Sen.  To ensure the security of Cambodia, China will cooperate with Cambodia in all circumstances,  Wang Jiarui, vice chairman of China s national assembly, said in Phnom Penh last week, according to the official Cambodian record. The support doesn t only run one way. China relies on Cambodia in Southeast Asian meetings on issues such as its claims in the South China Sea. In Cambodia, China s military has also gained a strategic foothold. Figures from Cambodia s overseas development aid database show how important China has become. It accounted for nearly 36 percent of $732 million listed in bilateral aid for 2016 - nearly four times as much as from the United States. Most of the rest is from other Western countries, whose protests have also been dismissed. The disparity is even starker in investment. China provided nearly 30 percent of investment capital in Cambodia last year - more than Cambodians themselves. The United States accounted for only just over three percent. Meanwhile, U.S. President Donald Trump s proposed aid cuts have pointed to a possible 70 percent reduction in U.S. assistance to Cambodia from 2018, according to a draft proposal. What Cambodia gets from the United States and China is very different. Chinese projects include roads, bridges, irrigation systems, electrical transmission infrastructure and dams. The list of U.S. projects is much longer, but they are much smaller: in education, health, conservation as well as efforts to build democracy which grate on the government. The U.S. funded National Democratic Institute (NDI) pro-democracy group was expelled last month and accused of conspiring to help bring down Hun Sen - a charge rejected by the NDI and the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP).  The fact the government has been criticized by Western donors over the recent crackdown just means Cambodia is becoming more dependent on China,  said Ou Virak of the Future Forum think tank. The United States is a much bigger export market than China, particularly for Cambodia s garment factories, but the United States has not publicly suggested it could use trade to bring pressure for democratic change. Kem Sokha s deputy, Mu Sochua, said aid that did not include conditions on human rights did not serve Cambodia well.  Cambodia needs China, it needs America, it needs democracy to pull it out of many years of poverty,  she told Reuters. But Cambodia depends much less on aid than it did. This year will mark the seventh year of near 7 percent growth or above - a fact Hun Sen often points to in a country he took over after the devastating  killing fields  genocide committed by the Khmer Rouge, in which he was once a commander. World Bank figures show overseas development assistance fell from over 120 percent of central government expenditure in 2002 to barely 32 percent in 2015. Per capita gross domestic product rose from less than $340 in 2002 to nearly $1,300 last year. Dismissing U.S. interference in a speech on Monday, Hun Sen threatened a possible ban on the opposition party.  Then he took a plane for Beijing where he said he would seek money for the health sector - an area dominated by Western donors until now. ",1
20136,Peru's Kuczynski dares Congress to dismiss entire Cabinet,"LIMA (Reuters) - The government of Peru s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski told opposition lawmakers on Wednesday that they would have to dismiss the entire Cabinet - and move closer to facing removal themselves - if they try to oust a second education minister. Kuczynski accused the opposition-ruled Congress of trying to sabotage his education reforms as the right-wing Popular Force party prepared a motion to censure Education Minister Marilu Martens over her handling of a teachers strike that dragged on for two months. The president said ousting Martens would be  completely unfair.   It would be the second education minister censured and purely over political preferences,  Kuczynski said. By turning the censure vote on Martens into a vote of confidence on his whole Cabinet, Kuczynski hopes to check Popular Force s ability to threaten his ministers. The president can dissolve Congress if it dismisses the Cabinet twice. Congress has already forced Kuczynski s former education and finance ministers to resign, while his ex-transportation minister quit to avoid a censure vote.     Popular Force lawmakers said they would study the request for a vote of confidence on the Cabinet and noted they had not yet formally presented the censure motion for Martens - a sign they might back off.  They re putting the governability of the country at risk over one minister?  said Luz Salgado, an influential lawmaker with Popular Force, which controls Congress.  It s completely irresponsible.  The gamble could force Kuczynski, a former Wall Street banker, to appoint 19 new ministers as he tries to revive the economy and his slipping popularity in opinion polls. However, it might also give him a freer hand to govern during the remaining four years of his term. A prime minister has not challenged Congress to renew its confidence in a cabinet in decades, said political analyst Fernando Tuesta, underscoring how rapidly relations between the executive branch and Congress have deteriorated in Kuczynski s year-old government. Kuczynski took office last year after narrowly beating  long-time favorite Keiko Fujimori, the eldest daughter of jailed former leader Alberto Fujimori. Kuczynski s party won less than 15 percent of congressional seats while Fujimori s party, Popular Force, won an absolute majority. ",1
20137,Florida deaths in sweltering nursing home show post-disaster perils,"HOLLYWOOD, Fla. (Reuters) - Inside a sweltering nursing home, a crisis unfolded on Wednesday as 150 centers across Florida still lacked power days after Hurricane Irma ravaged the state. Firefighters and medics responding to an emergency call in Hollywood north of Miami found three people dead inside a building whose second floor the police chief later described as  extremely hot.  Altogether, city officials said eight people between the ages of 71 and 99 had died, but the causes were not yet determined. An investigation of possible criminal negligence has begun, Hollywood Police Chief Tomas Sanchez told reporters. Attempts by Reuters to reach an official of the for-profit Rehabilitation Center at Hollywood Hills home by phone and email were unsuccessful. While Sanchez declined to say what the temperatures were on the second floor of the building, the deaths illustrate the perils that can persist and even increase in the aftermath of a major disaster for the elderly and medically fragile.  Heat is a top killer after hurricanes and disasters cause power outages, said Dr. Thomas Kirsch, director of the National Center for Disaster Medicine and Public Health. Kirsch noted that hundreds of elderly people died in the 1995 Chicago heat wave and when Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans in 2005. The temperatures in Broward County north of Miami have reached 90 degrees Fahrenheit (32 degrees Celsius) in the three days since Irma smashed into Florida on Sunday.    We often see that injuries and deaths after disaster in the United States are more common than those actually caused by the disaster itself,  Kirsch said. After losing its full air conditioning on Sunday, the facility placed eight portable air coolers throughout the building and fans in the halls, state officials said in an emergency order late on Wednesday. Officials also contacted the power provider, the state said. Efforts to prevent such disasters in nursing facilities have improved in recent years, public health experts said, and that new federal regulations require facilities to have sufficient backup power to maintain reasonable temperatures.  Such capacity is now being tested in Florida, home to among the highest concentrations of senior citizens in the United States with more than 1.6 million people ages 75 years or older, according to the 2015 U.S. Census. The U.S. Senate Aging Committee, citing the Florida deaths, on Wednesday said it would have a hearing next week on disaster planning for the elderly.  At a housing community for senior citizens in Immokalee, Florida, some residents told a Reuters reporter on Tuesday they had nothing to eat in their small apartments that were without power. An office assistant was hunting for bottled water and ice for residents without running water. Among the state s nearly 700 nursing facilities, about 150 lacked power as of Wednesday morning, said the Florida Health Care Association, which represents most of the homes. Early on Wednesday, several calls were placed to emergency services from the Hollywood nursing home. More than 150 people were evacuated, many suffering from respiratory issues, dehydration and heat-related problems, according to Memorial Regional Hospital spokesman Randy Katz. As recently as Tuesday afternoon, the home had told state health officials it had power and access to fans and spot coolers, Florida Governor Rick Scott noted in a statement. An assisted living center that went without power for nearly three days said that its efforts to run fans and keep breezes flowing between open windows could only go so far. Inside temperatures climbed to 88 degrees Fahrenheit (31 Celsius), nearing a critical point.  A day you can survive, two days ok,  said Dan Nelson, chief operating officer for Cape Coral Shores assisted living, adding  that after that  things like what happened over in Hollywood unfortunately could happen somewhere else.   The Hollywood center where the deaths occurred had earned a  below average  mark of two out of five stars from the nursing home rating system for Medicare, the U.S. health insurance program for the elderly and disabled, Medicare records showed. Elder care in disaster poses challenges even in the best circumstances, said Kathryn Hyer, a professor in the School of Aging Studies at the University of South Florida in Tampa, whose research shows that evacuations can be deadly for the medically frail who are dependant on equipment and medications.  While sheltering in place can be preferable at times, she said, doing so requires planning to survive the aftermath.  It s just hard,  Hyer said, noting at least nursing centers offered some protections.  I really worry about the people who are in the community alone and how they are doing.  ",1
20138,Guatemala lawmakers curb penalties for illegal election financing,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s Congress on Wednesday approved a  national emergency  decree to curb penalties for illegal election financing after the country s president was linked to suspected irregularities during his 2015 election campaign. The change eliminates criminal responsibility for  authorizing  electoral funds that prove to be illegal and makes party accountants responsible for irregularities rather than party leaders. The reform, approved by a vote of 105-19, also reduces the penalty for illegal election financing from a maximum of 12 years to 10 and allows for paying a fine in order to avoid jail time. The decree was the latest blow to the prosecutor s office and the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG) after Congress this week voted to preserve President Jimmy Morales  immunity from prosecution.  Prosecutors had sought to remove Morales  immunity to investigate him over some $800,000 in allegedly unexplained campaign funds when he was the head of his party. Prosecutors are also investigating Guatemala s other major parties.        Under the leadership of Ivan Velasquez, a veteran Colombian prosecutor, the CICIG has caused problems for Morales, first investigating his son and brother, and then seeking to prosecute him over the allegedly unexplained campaign funds.       The U.S. ambassador to Guatemala, Todd Robinson, expressed his disappointment in a message on Twitter.  Years of malnutrition, insecurity, crime, corruption. Congress? No action. Amazing how fast they act to protect selves from prosecution,  he said in a post.  Really? National emergency? What a shame!  ",1
20139,Canadian teens tried to use Christmas lights for bomb: prosecutor,"MONTREAL (Reuters) - A young Montreal couple tried to use Christmas lights and sandpaper to make a homemade bomb, a prosecutor told a Canadian court on Wednesday in opening statements in the terrorism trial of the former college students. The items and a handwritten bomb-making recipe copied from a propaganda magazine published by al Qaeda militants were found after the Royal Canadian Mounted Police searched a condo rented by El Mahdi Jamali and Sabrine Djermane in 2015, prosecutor Lyne Decarie said in Quebec Superior Court in Montreal.  It is not clear how the lights would have been used to make a bomb.  Jamali, 20, and Djermane, 21, have pleaded not guilty to charges of trying to leave Canada to join a terrorist group, possessing an explosive substance, facilitating a terrorist activity, and committing an offense for a terrorist group.   The 2015 arrest of the couple, teenagers at the time, came at a time when international security forces reported that waves of young people, including college students from Montreal, were heading to Syria to join Islamic State militants.  Decarie said investigators found other materials, jihadist propaganda and evidence that the couple had watched a video by a Canadian fighter for the Islamic State. New luggage and clothes, along with passport applications were discovered during the search. The pair reiterated their not-guilty pleas before Decarie began her remarks and then listened from a high-security prisoners  box that was enclosed in thick glass. RCMP began investigating the couple after receiving a tip, Decarie said, and arrested them days later. The prosecutor said she would call family and friends of the accused as well as police experts in terrorism and explosives as witnesses in the trial, which is expected to last 10 weeks. ",1
20140,Brazil's PSD party floats Meirelles' 2018 presidential bid,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Congressmen from Brazil s Social Democratic Party (PSD) on Wednesday invited Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles to run for president in 2018, growing the list of potential contenders from within President Michel Temer s fragmented coalition. Meirelles, after meeting with PSD lawmakers at his house in Brasilia, wrote on Twitter that he felt honored but was not a candidate. The PSD leader in the lower house of Congress, Marcos Montes, nevertheless said Meirelles received the invitation with  enthusiasm  but would not respond immediately. Reuters reported late in August, citing a source close to Meirelles, that he wanted to run for president on the PSD ticket, but knew he would have a strong chance only if the economy improved substantially. Meirelles, in his Twitter post, said that he was focusing his energies on helping Brazil obtain  sustainable growth  after emerging from its worst recorded recession.  Under Brazilian rules, ministers who wish to run in the October 2018 election will need to leave their posts by April, although a formal register would only happen in August. Other potential contenders being floated by ruling parties include Sao Paulo state governor Geraldo Alckmin and Sao Paulo city mayor Jo o Doria Jr., both from the PSDB party.  A civil engineer by training, Meirelles is the former chairman of now defunct BankBoston Corp and former president of Brazil s central bank. ",1
20141,Risks to Brazil's Temer subside after bungled JBS plea bargain,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The arrest on Sunday of Joesley Batista, a billionaire meatpacker who implicated President Michel Temer in a corruption scandal, has actually improved the Brazilian leader s prospects of surviving graft allegations and serving out his term through 2018.    But the three-month political crisis triggered by the plea bargain allegations by Batista, formerly chairman of meatpacker JBS SA (JBSS3.SA), has consumed precious time that Temer has to pass legislation to overhaul Brazil s costly pension system and avoid a fiscal crisis in Latin America s largest nation. Temer and his coalition allies in Congress are confident they can block a second corruption charge that Brazil s top prosecutor, Rodrigo Janot, is expected to file against the president by the end of the week. A Supreme Court judge on Tuesday authorized a new probe of Temer for suspected corruption involving a decree regulating ports, a day after a separate police probe into Temer s allies kept pressure on the president. Yet as long as Temer is in office, any charges against the president must be approved by the lower house of Congress in which he has retained enough backing to avoid trial by the Supreme Court.  Temer s political standing in Congress has improved a lot, because the economy is starting to grow again and the pressure of another corruption charge is falling,  said the government s deputy whip in the lower house, Beto Mansur.  The prosecutor s case has been weakened and the next charge will arrive here with little credibility,  he told Reuters. A new poll by Arko Advice consultancy, however, shows that most lawmakers do not expect pension reform to clear Congress until 2018, and passing the unpopular measure in the run-up to next year s elections may be an uphill struggle. A proposed overhaul of the pension system, the main contributor to Brazil s record budget deficit, was headed for approval in the lower house of Congress until accusations against Temer in May derailed his plans. In a bombshell plea bargain agreement in May, Batista confessed to bribing hundreds of politicians and gave prosecutors a taped conversation of the president. The recording appeared to show Temer condoning hush money payments to silence a witness in a sprawling corruption scandal. Just two weeks ago, however, another tape inadvertently submitted to prosecutors by Batista with other documents appeared to show he had been helped by a close aide to Janot in crafting the deal. The Supreme Court revoked his immunity and ordered his arrest for concealing other crimes. Beyond the embarrassment to Janot in his last days in office - he steps down as top prosecutor on Sunday - the revelation has given Temer s lawyers an opening to try to dismiss evidence provided by Batista, while strengthening the president s hand in Congress to fight any further charges. The credibility of Temer s accuser was further undermined on Wednesday by the arrest of Batista s brother Wesley, the chief executive officer of JBS SA, for alleged insider trading to avoid hefty losses related to the May plea bargain. Temer mustered enough support to block Janot s initial corruption charge from putting him on trial, in a 263-227 vote in the lower house on Aug. 2. That margin is expected to widen if a second charge comes before the house.  There is no motivation in Congress to remove president Temer. Many of the politicians who will vote are being investigated, so why would they empower the public prosecutors at this time?  said Lucas de Arag o, a political scientist and partner at Arko Advice. Still, Arag o said fighting the next charge will cost Temer more pork barrel and patronage for lawmakers and at least a 30-day delay for pension reform, leaving the Senate with little time to pass the bill in 2017. No less than 83 percent of lawmakers believe pension reform will not be passed this year, according to an Arko poll of 201 Congressmen last week. Temer has ordered his minister to restart the pension reform debate in Congress immediately so that it can be put to the vote in the house my mid-October.  The country lost 90 days. The economy could be recovering faster and growth would have been more robust if it had not been for this artificial crisis,  said a Temer aide who requested anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly. Speaker Rodrigo Maia is expected to expedite the pension bill after Temer signed off on a bailout for his bankrupt state of Rio de Janeiro, a source on the economic team said. ",1
20142,Juncker: grab Brexit chance to forge a tighter EU,"STRASBOURG (Reuters) - European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker urged European Union governments on Wednesday to use economic recovery and Brexit as springboards toward a closer union, built on an expanded euro zone and a pivotal role in world trade. In his annual State of the European Union speech, Juncker  sketched out a vision of a post-2019 EU where some 30 countries would be using the euro, with an EU finance minister running key budgets to help states in trouble. Tax and welfare standards would converge and Europe, not the United States, would be the hub of a free-trading world. The EU chief executive stressed his wish to heal divisions between eastern and western states. He sees that as vital to countering a drive, including by founding powers France and Germany, to set up new structures within the bloc that would exclude some poorer, ex-communist members in the east.  The wind is back in Europe s sails,  Junker told the European Parliament, citing economic growth and the easing of a succession of crises   Greek debt, refugee inflows, the rise of eurokcepticism reflected in Brexit - that seemed to threaten the EU s survival.  Now we have a window of opportunity, but it will not stay open for ever,  he said, emphasizing a need to move on from and even profit from the British vote to leave the bloc in 2019.  We will keep moving on because Brexit isn t everything, it is not the future of Europe,  he said in a speech that Brexit supporters said showed they were right to take Britain out of a bloc set on creating more powerful, central institutions French, German and eastern European officials made positive comments, but several said Juncker would face stiff opposition.  In a carefully balanced, hour-long discourse in Strasbourg, he called on nationalist eastern leaders   though not by name   to stop defying EU courts over civil rights, and on westerners to drop attempts to keep out cheaper eastern workers or palm off inferior food in poorer national markets. But his core proposal for countering what is known as a  multispeed Europe  by encouraging all states to join the euro and other EU structures faces resistance in both non-euro zone countries and potentially in Paris and Berlin, where the newly elected President Emmanuel Macron and about-to-be-re-elected  Chancellor Angela Merkel are readying their own plans. Macron plans to present his ideas for reforming the 19-nation euro zone on Sept. 26, two days after the German election, a French diplomatic source said. EU officials hope leaders may discuss the issues at a dinner on Sept. 28 before a summit in Estonia.  If we want the euro to unite rather than divide our continent, then it should be more than the currency of a select group of countries,  Juncker said.  The euro is meant to be the single currency of the European Union as a whole.  He noted that only long-standing EU members Britain and Denmark have a legal right not to adopt the euro. EU officials say that with Britain leaving, and the eight remaining non-euro states accounting for only 15 percent of EU GDP, Juncker sees it as natural for EU and euro zone policy to operate in unison. For that reason, he rejected proposals, led by France, for a special euro zone budget, finance minister and parliament. These functions, he said, should be filled instead by a vice president of the Commission, chairing the Eurogroup of 19 euro zone finance ministers and managing a euro zone budget that would be part of the budget for the whole EU, overseen by Parliament. While Denmark in fact pegs its crown closely to the euro, a drive to push the likes of Poland and Sweden into the euro would be a hard sell in those countries, while Germany, France and others have been skeptical about letting poorer states join yet. Juncker proposed EU funding and technical help to encourage non-euro members to get themselves into a position to join. For Juncker, officials say, the departure of Britain, for all the difficulties it brings, means goodbye to the major power that has continually sought opt-outs from new integration projects, and offers an opportunity to end the habit for good.  Everyone should be in everything,  one senior official said. An aide to Macron said Juncker had made  many ambitious proposals  in line with French ideas and played down divergence on euro zone reform, noting Juncker would offer final ideas only in December. In Germany, government officials were restrained. But Beate Merk, a regional minister in Bavaria allied to Merkel, said expanding the euro to the whole EU would be  a risky experiment that would greatly heighten Europe s problems . Euroskeptics responded critically to the Commission president s speech. Ryszard Legutko, an EU lawmaker from Poland s right-wing ruling party, warned against responding to problems with  the same old  more Europe, more Europe  arguments.  That is not the answer,  he said.  We need to get the EU s house in order before there can even be a discussion on centralizing even further.  Nigel Farage of the UK Independence Party said:  All I can say is, thank God we re leaving.  Farage s allies cheered when Juncker finally mentioned Brexit near the end of his speech and said the British would come to regret their  tragic  referendum decision to leave. Looking ahead to March 30, 2019, the day when Britain will be out of the EU, Juncker said he had proposed that Romania, which will then hold its rotating presidency, should host a summit in the formerly German-speaking Transylvanian city of Sibiu. There leaders should set out plans for a more united Union, two months before voters elect a new European Parliament. ",1
20143,Juncker's EU plan is largely in line with Germany's vision: Schaeuble,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Wednesday that European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker s plan to build a closer European Union based on an expanded euro zone was largely in line with Germany s vision for the bloc. Schaeuble said that Juncker had discussed with Chancellor Angela Merkel his annual State of the EU speech in which he spoke of a vision of a post-2019 EU where some 30 countries would be using the euro. The plan also includes appointing an EU finance minister running key budgets to help states in trouble.  It is good that he is putting pressure (to expand the euro zone) but the preconditions (for joining the euro zone) must be fulfilled,  Schaeuble told the ARD broadcaster in an interview.   It is in fact so that EU countries who fulfill the preconditions become members of the euro under the Lisbon Treaty . He added that EU countries wishing to adopt the single currency should not do so before their public finances and economies are sound enough as they could face the fate of Greece, which had to be bailed out by the EU and IMF in 2010. (The story adds dropped word in final paragraph) ",1
20144,Region must do more to pressure South Sudan leaders to end conflict: U.S. diplomat,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - African countries should do more to pile pressure on South Sudan s political leaders, who seem incapable of resolving the country s four-year civil war, a top U.S. diplomat said on Wednesday.  We think there is more our African colleagues can and should be doing at this point, especially in terms of focusing on leadership, that from our point of view is behaving in a way that is very irresponsible,  Tom Shannon, U.S. under-secretary for political affairs at the State Department, told reporters. Shannon, speaking on the sidelines of a U.S-African Partnerships event at the U.S. Institute of Peace, said Washington had grown  intolerant  of South Sudan s leaders and the challenge was to work with African countries which are interested in seeing an end to the conflict.  This is a manmade conflict of horrific dimensions, which is about political leaders measuring each other through force at the cost of their populations,  said Shannon. His remarks come after the new USAID administrator, Mark Green, traveled to Juba on Sept. 2 to meet with South Sudan s President Salva Kiir and deliver a message from Washington that the United States was reviewing its relationship with his government.  The Trump administration last week imposed sanctions on two senior South Sudanese officials and the former army chief for their role in the conflict, atrocities against civilians and  attacks against international missions in South Sudan.  South Sudan became the world s newest nation when it gained independence from Sudan in 2011. War broke out in late 2013 and more than a quarter of its population of 12 million have fled their homes.  A confidential report by the United Nations last week said competing efforts to end South Sudan s civil war were allowing Kiir s government to exploit divisions among the international brokers. East African leaders said in June they want the warring sides to recommit to a peace deal they abandoned more than a year ago. . Among the international bodies trying to end the conflict are regional block IGAD, the U.N. Security Council, a troika of South Sudan s main Western backers prior to independence and an African Union panel. ",1
20145,North Korea defiant over U.N. sanctions as Trump says tougher steps needed,"SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea displayed trademark defiance on Wednesday over new United Nations sanctions imposed after its sixth and largest-ever nuclear test, vowing to redouble efforts to fight off what it said was the threat of a U.S. invasion. U.S. President Donald Trump said the sanctions, unanimously agreed on Monday by the 15-member U.N. Security Council, were just a small step toward what is ultimately needed to rein in Pyongyang over its nuclear and missile programs. North Korea s Foreign Ministry said the resolutions were an infringement on its legitimate right to self-defense and aimed at  completely suffocating its state and people through full-scale economic blockade .  The DPRK will redouble the efforts to increase its strength to safeguard the country s sovereignty and right to existence and to preserve peace and security of the region by establishing the practical equilibrium with the U.S.,  it said in a statement carried by the official KCNA news agency. The Democratic People s Republic of Korea (DPRK) is North Korea s official name. The statement echoed comments on Tuesday by DPRK s Ambassador to the United Nations in Geneva, Han Tae Song, who said Pyongyang was  ready to use a form of ultimate means .  The forthcoming measures ... will make the U.S. suffer the greatest pain it ever experienced in its history,  Han said. The North s Rodong Sinmun newspaper also accused South Korea of being Washington s  puppet , criticizing Seoul s agreement with the United States to amend an existing bilateral guideline that will now allow the South to use unlimited warhead payloads on its missiles. The U.N. Security Council agreed to tighten sanctions on North Korea, banning its textile exports and capping fuel supplies, and making it illegal for foreign firms to form commercial joint ventures with North Korean entities. The U.N. resolution was triggered by North Korea s test of what it said was a hydrogen bomb. Damage to mountainous terrain at the North s nuclear test site in Punggye-ri seen in satellite imagery taken after the latest test was more extensive than anything seen after the five previous tests, said 38 North, a Washington-based project which monitors North Korea. There was also activity at another location in the Mount Mantap site involving large vehicles and mining equipment that suggests  onsite work could now be changing focus to further prepare those other portals for future underground nuclear testing , 38 North said. The North accuses the United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War, of continual plans for invasion. North Korea has also tested a missile capable of reaching the United States, but experts say it is likely to be at least a year before it can field an operational nuclear missile that could threaten the U.S. mainland. A U.S. official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said intelligence agencies had observed North Korea moving a mobile missile launcher in the past 48 hours which could potentially indicate a possible missile launch by the North in the coming days. The official did not comment on the location or the type of missile, but emphasized that while a launch was possible, North Korea could simply be moving the launcher. Trump has vowed not to allow that to happen. A tougher initial U.S. draft resolution was weakened to win the support of China and Russia, both of which hold veto power on the U.N. Security Council. Significantly, it stopped short of imposing a full embargo on oil exports to North Korea, most of which come from China.  We think it s just another very small step, not a big deal,  Trump told reporters at the start of a Tuesday meeting with Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak.  I don t know if it has any impact, but certainly it was nice to get a 15-to-nothing vote, but those sanctions are nothing compared to what ultimately will have to happen.  U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin also warned China, North Korea s main ally and trading partner, that Washington would  put additional sanctions on them and prevent them from accessing the U.S. and international dollar system  if it did not follow through on the new measures. Another senior administration official told Reuters that any such  secondary sanctions  on Chinese banks and other companies were on hold for now to give Beijing time to show it was prepared to fully enforce the latest and previous rounds of sanctions. Washington has so far mostly held off on new sanctions against Chinese banks and other companies doing business with North Korea, given fears of retaliation by Beijing and possibly far-reaching effects on the world economy. Russia and China both say they respect U.N. sanctions and have called on the United States to return to negotiations with North Korea. They have also said they could kick-start talks with North Korea if the United States halts joint military drills with South Korea, which Washington has rejected. An article carried on the front page of the People s Daily, the official paper of China s ruling Communist Party, said the Korean Peninsula had reached the  moment of choice  where the United States and North Korea must break from the cycle of nuclear tests and sanctions.   All parties involved in the peninsula have their own strategic considerations, but not being able to see beyond this vicious cycle is not in anyone s interest,  the article said. Asked about the North Korean and U.S. rhetoric, China s Foreign Ministry reiterated a call for restraint and a return to dialogue.   We hope all relevant parties can be rational and maintain restraint and not take actions that could further increase tensions on the peninsula , ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said at a regular briefing.  In another show of force, South Korea s Air Force conducted its first live-fire exercise of Taurus long-range, air-to-surface missiles on Tuesday, the Defence Ministry said, as practice for precision bombing North Korean facilities. U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said the new sanctions could eventually starve North Korea of an additional $500 million or more in annual revenue. The United States has said that a previous round of sanctions agreed in August was aimed at cutting North Korea s $3 billion in exports by a third. ",1
20146,"Evacuated Islamic State fighters reach Syria's Deir al-Zor, pro-Damascus commander says","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Buses carrying evacuated Islamic State fighters reached Syria s Deir al-Zor on Wednesday in return for releasing a Hezbollah prisoner, a commander in the pro-Damascus alliance told Reuters.  Damascus and Hezbollah allowed nearly 300 lightly armed militants and 300 relatives to leave the Syria-Lebanon border in a surrender deal, after an offensive there last month.      The transfer marked the first time Islamic State publicly agreed to such an evacuation from territory it held. A U.S.-led coalition had stopped the 17 buses from reaching Deir al-Zor for weeks and the convoy split in two. It was not immediately clear if all the buses arrived in Islamic State territory in the eastern Syrian province on Wednesday.  The deal has been completed,  said the commander in the military alliance fighting in support of the Damascus government. The buses took the route between the town of al-Sukhna and Deir al-Zor, a main road that the Syrian army and allied forces captured in recent days, the commander said. Along the route, the combatants swapped the evacuees for a Hezbollah prisoner who had been in Islamic State captivity, the non-Syrian commander added.          Under the evacuation deal in August, Islamic State militants left their border foothold after a week-long battle in return for safe passage to Deir al-Zor province in Syria.      Iran-backed Hezbollah has played a major role in fighting Sunni militants along the border. Since early in the six-year Syrian conflict, it has sent thousands of fighters to support President Bashar al-Assad s government.  Lebanon s Shi ite Hezbollah retrieved the remains of some of its forces killed in Syria as part of the swap, and was meant to get back one of its fighters that Islamic State held captive.  The deal included recovering the bodies of nine Lebanese soldiers that Islamic State captured in 2014. The transfer ended any insurgent presence from the Syrian war on the frontier, where the Lebanese army also fought the militants in a separate offensive on its side.  But the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State blocked the convoy from entering IS territory in east Syria, near the border with Iraq, by cratering roads and destroying bridges. The convoy split in two, with 11 buses remaining in the open desert and others retreating into government territory.  Last week, the U.S. coalition said its surveillance aircraft moved away from the buses in the no-man s land after pro-Syrian government forces  advanced past  the convoy. Damascus was responsible for the evacuees, it said.  The Syrian army and its allies reached Deir al-Zor city, breaking an Islamic State siege of an enclave there that had lasted three years.  U.S.-backed Syrian militias have also launched a separate assault in another part of Deir al-Zor province, which has become Islamic State s last major foothold in Syria. ",1
20147,UK PM May to make Brexit speech in Italy on Sept. 22: spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May will make a speech on Britain s future relationship with the European Union on Sept. 22 in the Italian city of Florence, her spokesman said on Wednesday. The speech will focus on what kind of ties Britain wants to have with the EU after it leaves the bloc in March 2019 - something British negotiators have been keen to discuss with a so-far reluctant Brussels.   The prime minister wanted to give a speech on the UK s future relationship with Europe in its historical heart,  May s spokesman told reporters.  She will underline the government s wish for a deep and special partnership with the European Union once the UK leaves the EU.  Negotiations on the terms of the divorce with the EU have made limited progress since May started a two-year countdown to Brexit. That has prompted warnings from the EU that discussions on the future relationship between the two could be pushed back from their intended start time of October. The September round of Brexit talks has been pushed back by a week until the end of the month, in what EU diplomats said was a move designed to allow May to make her speech. Britain said the rescheduling was to allow both sides more time to make progress. May s speech could add weight to the British push to move talks forward, which ministers say is a crucial step in providing certainty for businesses worried about how Brexit will affect their ability to trade across borders. Her choice of venue - a city celebrated as the birthplace of the Renaissance period and made wealthy by international trade and banking - is a nod to the kind of free-trading relationship Britain wants to maintain with Europe and develop globally. Sceptics have said the British approach amounts to cherry picking the benefits of EU membership without paying for them.  The UK has had deep cultural and economic ties spanning centuries with Florence - a city known for its historical trading power,  the spokesman said.   As the UK leaves the EU we will retain those close ties. As the prime minister has said many times, we are leaving the EU, not Europe.  ",1
20148,Mauritius attorney general steps down amid money laundering probe,"PORT LOUIS (Reuters) - The attorney general of the island nation of Mauritius stepped down on Wednesday after allegations he had helped launder gambling money.  Prime Minister Pravind Kumar Jugnauth told reporters he wanted an investigation into Ravi Yerrigadoo to be conducted transparently. The Indian Ocean island markets itself as a link between Africa and Asia and is striving to move from an economy mostly based on sugar, textiles and tourism toward offshore banking, business outsourcing, luxury real estate and medical tourism. A scandal could hurt its burgeoning financial services industry.  If Ravi Yerrigadoo is cleared he will be able to resume office,  Jugnauth said. Mauritius-based L Express newspaper reported on Wednesday that an affidavit had been filed before the Supreme Court accusing Yerrigadoo of trying to facilitate the transfer of gambling money through a financial structure. It was not clear who had filed the affidavit.  In a statement, Yerrigadoo denied the allegations and said he had quit to avoid the perception of a conflict of interest while the investigation was in progress.   In March 2016, the environment minister was also forced to resign over corruption allegations. ",1
20149,"U.N. chief, Security Council call on Myanmar to end violence","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres and the U.N. Security Council on Wednesday urged Myanmar authorities to end violence against the majority-Buddhist country s Rohingya Muslims that has forced some 400,000 people to flee to Bangladesh. Guterres said the situation in Myanmar s western state of Rakhine was best described as ethnic cleansing.  When one-third of the Rohingya population had to flee the country, could you find a better word to describe it?  he told a news conference.   I call on the Myanmar authorities to suspend military action, end the violence, uphold the rule of law, and recognize the right of return of all those who had to leave the country,  said Guterres, adding that he had spoken several times with Myanmar s national leader, Aung San Suu Kyi. The exodus of refugees, sparked by the security forces  fierce response to a series of Rohingya militant attacks on Aug. 25, is the most pressing problem Suu Kyi has faced since becoming leader last year. The government says it is targeting  terrorists,  while refugees say the offensive aims to push Rohingya out of Myanmar. The 15-member Security Council met behind closed doors on Wednesday, at the request of Sweden and Britain, to discuss the crisis for the second time since it began and agreed to publicly condemn the situation.  The council  expressed concern about reports of excessive violence during the security operations and called for immediate steps to end the violence in Rakhine, de-escalate the situation, re-establish law and order, ensure the protection of civilians ... and resolve the refugee problem.  British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said it was the first statement from the Security Council on Myanmar in nine years. Such statements have to be agreed by consensus and Russia and China have traditionally protected Myanmar from any action. Myanmar said last week it was negotiating with Russia and China to ensure they blocked any censure by the Security Council over the violence in Rakhine state.  The United Nations  top human rights official earlier this week denounced Myanmar for conducting a  cruel military operation  against the Rohingya, branding it  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.  Suu Kyi has canceled a trip to the U.N. General Assembly in New York next week to deal with the crisis. Rycroft said two high-level meetings on Myanmar were due to be held during the gathering of world leaders at the United Nations.  The humanitarian situation is catastrophic,  Guterres said.  This is a dramatic tragedy. People are dying and suffering in horrible numbers and we need to stop it.  ",1
20150,Wife of ex-Uruguay President Mujica becomes vice president,"MONTEVIDEO (Reuters) - Lucia Topolansky, a Uruguay senator and wife of former President  Jose Mujica, became vice president on Wednesday following the resignation of Raul Sendic last weekend over concerns of misuse of public funds. Topolansky, 72, who is the first woman to serve as Uruguay s vice president, was named vice president under provisions of Uruguay s constitution. She said she would aim to liaise between leftist President Tabare Vazquez s administration and Congress.  Like Mujica, Topolansky was a member of the Tupamaros Marxist guerrilla movement in her youth.  The change was expected to have little impact on policy. Since 2005, Uruguay has been ruled by the left-wing Frente Amplio (FA) party, which has mixed progressive social policy, such as legalizing marijuana, with market-friendly regulations. The FA s ethics committee had ruled that Sendic, who headed state oil company Ancap from 2008 to 2009 and from 2010 to 2013, used his company credit card to buy personal items. Uruguay s constitution says Sendic should be replaced by the senator who received the most votes in the last elections, who was Mujica. But Uruguayan law bans presidents from serving a consecutive term as president or vice president. As the senator with the second-biggest number of votes, Topolansky was next in line.  ",1
20151,Tunisia parliament approves controversial amnesty for Ben Ali-era corruption,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Tunisia s parliament on Wednesday approved a controversial law granting amnesty to officials accused of corruption during the rule of autocrat Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali, triggering angry protests from the opposition and activists outside. Opposition lawmakers sang the national anthem and shouted slogans before the session was temporarily suspended. Outside,  dozens of demonstrators chanted  This law will not pass  and  Whitewash corruption . The law was approved by 117 deputies. The opposition withdrew from the session in protest against the insistence of the ruling coalition on passing the law in an extraordinary session.  I congratulate you on the return of the dictatorial state and reconciliation with the corrupt,  Ahmed Seddik a deputy of the Popular Front said.   Tunisians will not forgive you , he added. After months of protests, the bill was amended from an original draft which would have also granted amnesty to corrupt businessmen. As it stands, they will be liable to prosecution for crimes committed during Ben Ali s 24-year rule. Witnesses said police beat protesters who had shouted slogans against the President and the ruling parties Ennahda and Nidaa Tounes which supported the law.  The opposition no longer has a pretext, they resorted to  unacceptable methods. They rejected democracy , Sofian Toubel a lawmaker of Nidaa Tounes said. Critics of the so-called  Economic Reconciliation  Law say it is a step back from the spirit of Tunisia s 2011 revolution to oust Ben Ali, who fled after weeks of protests against  corruption and inequality.  This law is an advanced stage of counter-revolution,  opposition lawmaker Ammar Amroussia said. But government officials say the law helps to turn the page on the past, improves the climate for investment and gives confidence to the administration and officials.  The time has come to stop the isolation of those officials who could contribute to the building of the new Tunisia,  said  Mohamed Souf of the governing Nidaa Tounes party.  We must reconcile, as happened in South Africa and Rwanda.  The bill was proposed by President Beji Caid Essebsi, himself a former Ben Ali official, and sent to parliament in 2015. But debate was postponed after criticism that the original bill benefited business elites tied to the government. At Wednesday s session, tensions flared between the ruling coalition and the opposition lawmakers, who said the Supreme Judicial Council had not yet given its answer after being consulted by the parliament on the legality of the bill. Despite the consensus between secular and Islamist parties that helped the country s transition toward democracy, the bill has divided Tunisians between those who want to draw a line under the past and those who say they must deal with past graft.  Since the 2011 uprising, Tunisia has been held up by Western partners as a model of democracy for the region. Economic progress has lagged, though, and corruption remains a major problem in the North African state. ",1
20152,Spain calls Catalan mayors for questioning on independence vote,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s state prosecutor has summoned more than 700 Catalan mayors who have backed an independence referendum, in an escalation of Madrid s efforts to block the vote that it has declared illegal.  Officials engaging in any preparations for the vote could be charged with civil disobedience, abuse of office and misuse of public funds, the prosecutor said in a letter delivered to local authorities on Wednesday.  If the mayors do not answer the summons, police should arrest them, it added. One mayor said the legal move was unprecedented.  We don t think any European country has ever tried to make more than 700 mayors testify,  said Neus Lloveras, mayor of Vilanova i la Geltru near Barcelona, head of the Association of Municipalities for Independence (AMI).   We have nothing to hide. When we have to go and testify, we will say everything we have been saying for days, that we owe it to our people to keep working to make sure they can freely express themselves at the ballot box,  he told reporters. But the small, anti-capitalist CUP group, which governs 19 Catalan municipalities, said it would not answer the summons, and called on other political forces to do the same.      Catalonia s regional parliament passed laws last week to prepare for a referendum on Oct. 1. Spain s Constitutional Court suspended the vote after Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy challenged it in the courts.  Judges are now considering whether the legislation contravenes Spain s constitution, which states that the country is indivisible. So far, 712 of a total 948 municipal leaders have said they would allow public spaces to be used for the referendum, according to AMI. The mayor of Barcelona - the region s most populous area - has yet to take a definitive position, and has asked for reassurances that civil servants involved in the process will not risk losing their jobs. The website set up by the Catalan government to give information on the vote, referendum.cat, stopped working on Wednesday evening, with Spanish media reporting that the regional prosecutor had ordered all websites promoting the referendum to be shut down. Civil Guard police confirmed that they had gone to deliver a warrant at the website s offices, but declined to say if judges had ordered it to be closed. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont quickly posted two new web addresses on Twitter linking to a page with information on the referendum. Polls show a minority of Catalans want self-rule, although a majority want the chance to vote on the issue. Hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets of Barcelona this week to show support for independence.  In a separate order, the Constitutional Court told regional government officials on Wednesday they had 48 hours to show how they were preventing the vote from going ahead. ",1
20153,Factbox: About 4.2 million still without power in U.S. Southeast after Irma,"(Reuters) - Some 4.2 million homes and businesses, or about 9 million people, were without power Wednesday afternoon in Florida, Georgia and the Carolinas after Hurricane Irma battered the region, down from a peak of more than 7.8 million customers on Monday, local utilities said. Most of the remaining outages were in Florida Power & Light s service area in the southern and eastern parts of the state. FPL, the state s biggest power company, said about 1.9 million had no power on Wednesday, down from more than 3.6 million on Monday. NextEra Energy Inc-owned FPL, which serves nearly 5 million homes and businesses, expects to restore essentially all its customers in the eastern portion of Florida by the weekend and the harder-hit western portion of the state by Sept. 22. It will take longer to restore those with tornado damage or severe flooding, FPL said. Outages at Duke Energy Corp, which serves the northern and central parts of Florida, fell to 922,000 on Wednesday, down from a peak of about 1.2 million on Monday, according to the company s website. Irma hit southwestern Florida on Sunday morning as a Category 4 storm, the second most severe on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale. On Monday it weakened to a tropical depression. In Georgia, utilities reported that outages declined to about 550,000 on Wednesday, down from a peak of around 1.3 million on Monday. Other big power utilities in Florida are units of Emera Inc and Southern Co, which also operates the biggest electric companies in Georgia and Alabama. ",1
20154,Angola's opposition loses appeal to annul election result,"LUANDA (Reuters) - Angola s Constitutional Court rejected on Wednesday an appeal by the largest opposition party to annul the results of last month s election, which gave a landslide victory to the ruling MPLA party. In a 38 page court document, the Constitutional Court said the evidence presented by The National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) did not prove there were any irregularities or biases in the electoral process. The ruling is final and cannot be appealed. A spokesperson for UNITA said the party did not have any immediate comment. The People s Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) won the Aug 23 vote with 61 percent, with UNITA second on 27 percent. UNITA had argued that in multiple provinces the results presented by the National Electoral Commission differed considerably from their own tally, alleging the results were not the product of local vote counting but were instead centrally engineered. The Constitutional Court dismissed this argument, saying the polling station tallies presented by UNITA did not show any bias against the party.  ",1
20155,"Niger, Mali leaders seek funding for new anti-jihadist force","NIAMEY (Reuters) - Mali and Niger, two of the West African nations worst affected by jihadist violence, appealed on Wednesday for international funding for a regional force they have set up to counter Islamist insurgencies. Mali s President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita and Niger s Mahamadou Issoufou said the force assembled by the G5 Sahel bloc   Mali, Mauritania, Burkina Faso, Niger and Chad   was crucial to fighting a threat that went well beyong their borders.  We bring this combat against terrorism not only to protect our own people and countries but for the whole world,  Issoufou told a news conference in Niger s capital Niamey.   For terrorism knows no border. It will go to Europe, it will go to the United States,  he said.  The world has to be mobilized.  The idea of the G5 force was first dreamed up in 2015, but only in July last year did the countries set it up. It is expected to comprise around 5,000 troops. French President Emmanuel Macron has said he expects it to be operational by the autumn. Islamist groups, some with links to al Qaeda, seized Mali s desert north in 2012. French-led forces scattered them the following year but they still attack peacekeepers, soldiers and civilian targets in Mali, Niger, Burkina Faso and Ivory Coast.  Issoufou said a multinational force in the Lake Chad region, including soldiers from Niger, Nigeria, Chad and Cameroon, had had some success against Islamist Boko Haram militants, but that this was financed by Africa s biggest economy, Nigeria, whereas no country in the G5 had sufficient resources.  It is important that the international community takes note of this and gets together to give us resources to ensure our mission can be accomplished,  he said. Analysts see the G5 force as the basis of an eventual exit strategy for around 4,000 French troops deployed to the region on counter-insurgency missions, mostly in Mali.  We have only limited means, but if we mutualize our power, our sovereign elements will have more force, more vitality than we imagine,  Malian President Keita said. Issoufou said the force would be divided into three deployments across the Sahel region: an eastern one consisting of Chadian and Nigerien forces, a central one with forces from Niger, Mali and Burkina Faso, and a Western one with troops from Mali and Mauritania.  ",1
20156,"Kurds will find it hard to implement independence, says Iraqi foreign minister","CAIRO (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurdish leaders must be prepared to face the consequences if they unilaterally declare independence and find implementation more difficult than they expected, Iraqi Foreign Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari said on Wednesday. Jaafari was in Cairo for an Arab League summit where the closing statement included a resolution calling a Kurdish independence referendum this month unconstitutional, mirroring the stance of Iraq s central government and national parliament. Jaafari told Reuters in an interview Kurdish leaders should think carefully before going ahead with any independence move.  Those who make such a declaration should bear the responsibility for it. It is easy to declare whatever you want but it is not that easy to actualize it,  he said in his Cairo hotel room.  We are depending on dialogue and also Arab, and non-Arab advocacy. As we saw yesterday, the Arab diplomatic mobilization was attained by Arab foreign ministers,  he said. The Kurdish area of northern Iraq has enjoyed broad autonomy since the first Gulf War in 1991. Since the 2003 U.S-led invasion and the overthrow of Saddam Hussein, it has been largely stable while the rest of Iraq has suffered insurgency. Kurds are set to hold the referendum on Sept. 25 but Baghdad opposes it, with lawmakers voting to reject it. Iraq s neighbors   Turkey, Iran and Syria    also oppose the referendum, fearing it could fan separatism among their own ethnic Kurdish populations. Western powers are concerned a plebiscite in Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdish region - including the oil-rich city of Kirkuk - could divert attention from the war against Islamic State militants. Kurds have sought an independent state since at least the end of World War One, when colonial powers divided up the Middle East after the collapse of the multi-ethnic Ottoman Empire. Iraq is in the final throws of a U.S.-backed campaign to oust the Sunni militant groups which seized vast swathes of the country back in 2014. Iraqi forces took back its second largest city, Mosul in July, and Tal Afar last month. Jaafari said the international community must offer financial and other support to Iraq for the rebuilding of Mosul and other cities retaken from Islamic State.  It is well known that nations who have emerged from war and destruction suffer great losses especially if the opposing party is implementing a scorched earth policy. (They) never surrendered land except after destroying it,  he said.  Homes, institutions, hospitals mosques, markets and worship places, all were destroyed. The money needed is not little, a great sum is required.  ",1
20157,Pakistan kicks out medical charity MSF from country's tribal region,"PESHAWAR/ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistan on Wednesday told medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres  (MSF) to stop work and leave its impoverished tribal areas that border Afghanistan, the health organization said, ending its 14 year stay in the volatile region. MSF works out of two health facilities in the Kurram district of Pakistan s Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) region, which has been plagued by militancy over the past decade and was the location of many U.S. drone strikes targeting commanders from al Qaeda and other militant groups. Though security has improved in FATA in recent years, sectarian militant attacks, primarily targeting Shi ite Muslims, still occur. Twin blasts in the Kurram s most populous town, Parachinar killed more than 75 people in June.  Local officials say MSF provides essential healthcare facilities in FATA, an area with some of Pakistan s poorest healthcare and lowest literacy rates.  We have been asked to close our medical activities in Kurram Agency,  MSF said in a statement to the media, adding that Pakistan had refused to issue a No Objection Certificate (NOC) for the charity to work in the tribal areas.   MSF is saddened by the decision from the authorities responsible for NGOs working in Kurram Agency. The closure brings to and end 14 years of MSF working with the FATA Health Services in Kurram Agency,  country representative Catherine Moody said in the statement.   Foreign nationals and organizations working in Pakistan require NOCs to operate in certain areas. Pakistani NGOs and journalists also face restrictions when working in the tribal areas.  MSF provides diagnosis and treatment facilities to the community for Leishmaniasis, immunization for children, as well ... responding to emergencies, disease outbreaks and mass casualties,  the organization said.  The region s health directorate did not respond to requests for comment but Dr. Mohammad Ishaq, who works there, said MSF was asked to leave because they did not have a valid NOC.   I personally think MSF was doing a great job for the patients in FATA,  he said, adding that he did not know why its license to work there was revoked.   We have been working in FATA since 2004. We were never denied an NOC in  the past. This will affect many patients in the area,  one MSF employee said, asking not to be identified. He added that the organization had 70 staff members working at the two health facilities.  The official who notified MSF that their operations would need to be shut down added:  I did what I was directed to by my bosses in Peshawar but really don t know the reason behind MSF being stopped.  ",1
20158,U.N. Security Council condemns excessive violence in Myanmar,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations Security Council expressed deep concern on Wednesday about violence in Myanmar s Rakhine state, where about 400,000 Rohingya Muslims have been forced to flee to Bangladesh. In a statement, the 15-member council  expressed concern about reports of excessive violence during the security operations and called for immediate steps to end the violence in Rakhine, de-escalate the situation, re-establish law and order, ensure the protection of civilians.  British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said it was the first time in nine years the council had agreed a statement on Myanmar.  ",1
20159,"Canada stalls on Mali mission, could hit Security Council bid","ST. JOHN S, Newfoundland (Reuters) - Canada on Wednesday indicated it would again put off a decision on contributing troops to a U.N. peace operation in Mali, upsetting allies who said the new delay could undermine Canada s effort to obtain a seat on the Security Council. The Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau last year said it would consider sending troops to Mali but has taken months longer than predicted to make up its mind amid fears soldiers would die. Allies had expected an announcement before Canada hosts a peacekeeping conference in November but in a Toronto Star  interview published on Wednesday, Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan said the decision would not be made by then. Unhappy diplomatic sources from three nations said the delay could harm Canada s efforts to expand its influence in the United Nations, a body that the previous Conservative government treated with suspicion.  If you want a seat on the Security Council, not being active at the U.N. isn t helpful,  said one of the sources, who declined to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation. The United Nations has deployed some 10,000 peacekeepers to Mali to help deal with Islamist militants. Officials say sending Canadian troops to Mali would inevitably result in casualties, which could prove politically unpopular. Canada lost 158 troops in a 10-year stint in Afghanistan - more per capita than any other nation.  Being a serious player at the United Nations means not always choosing the safe option,  said a second diplomatic source. Trudeau came to power in 2015 and declared  Canada is back,  stressing the need for a more progressive foreign policy. As part of the effort to rebuild ties at the United Nations, Canada said it would commit up to 600 soldiers for possible U.N. deployment, and pressed for one of the Security Council s 10 non-permanent seats. Trudeau said on Wednesday that several hundred Canadian troops were taking part in international operations in Latvia, Iraq and Ukraine.   We are serious about re-engaging with United Nations peace operations but ... we need to make sure we re doing it right,  he told reporters. Trudeau, who spoke on the margins of a Cabinet retreat in St. John s, Newfoundland, is due to go to the United Nations next week and address the General Assembly.  Canada is there to help, as always, and that is the message I will be bringing,  he said when asked whether the Security Council bid would suffer. ",1
20160,Colombia sees peace with ELN rebels harder than FARC,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Negotiating peace with Colombia s largest active rebel group, the ELN, will be tougher than the recent successful talks with FARC guerrillas due to the ELN s diffuse chain of command and radical ideology, the chief government negotiator said.  President Juan Manuel Santos  administration and the National Liberation Army (ELN) in February began negotiations in neighboring Ecuador that seek to end the role the group has played in a five-decade conflict that has left over 220,000 dead and millions displaced.  Even though both sides have agreed to begin a three-month bilateral ceasefire from October, the road to a definitive peace accord will be long and complex, Santos  negotiator, Juan Camilo Restrepo, told Reuters late on Tuesday.   It s a highly radical, ideological group that totally lacks the pragmatism to negotiate that the FARC had,  Restrepo, a 70-year-old former minister, said in the study of his Bogota apartment. The Santos government signed a peace deal with the larger Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) in 2016 after negotiations in Havana, Cuba that lasted four years.  Restrepo, a former finance minister, said the ELN s fractured chains of command, plus its greater urban support, were further complications.  All those reasons indicate the negotiation with the ELN is more difficult,  he said.  Inspired by the Cuban revolution and the Liberation Theology of the Catholic priests that founded it in the 1960s, the 2,000-strong ELN has sought peace before, holding talks in Cuba and Venezuela between 2002 and 2007. Both collapsed with little progress.  The ELN is considered a terrorist group by the United States and European Union for engaging in kidnapping, assassinations, drug trafficking, attacks on economic infrastructure and extortion of oil and mining multinationals. Pablo Beltran, the ELN s chief negotiator in Ecuador, has denied there is a weak chain of command and told Reuters last month that the group is united.  During the ceasefire planned from Oct. 1, the ELN has pledged to suspend hostage taking, attacks on roads and oil installations, the use of landmines and the recruitment of minors. In turn, the government agreed to improve protection for community leaders and conditions for about 450 jailed rebels.  There s optimism but not overflowing optimism,  said Restrepo, who returns to the negotiating table in Ecuadorean capital Quito in the next few weeks.  The official warned that although Colombia s military will avoid confrontations with the ELN during the ceasefire, it will go after the group if it engages in criminal activities like illegal mining and drug trafficking.  Such behavior will be repressed with all the strength of the armed forces,  he said. ",1
20161,Utilities in U.S. Southeast restore power to nearly half hit by Irma,"(Reuters) - Utilities in the U.S. Southeast returned power to almost half of the homes and businesses knocked out by Hurricane Irma, leaving about 4.3 million customers in the dark as of midday Wednesday, in one of the biggest restoration efforts in U.S. history.   The total number of customers still out, representing about 9 million people in Florida, Georgia and the Carolinas, dipped from a peak of more than 7.8 million customers, or over 16 million people, on Monday. Major utilities in Florida - including NextEra Energy Inc s Florida Power & Light (FPL), Duke Energy Corp and Emera Inc s Tampa Electric - have mobilized tens of thousands of workers to deal with the outages after Irma landed early Sunday and carved a destructive path up Florida, which has a population of about 20.6 million. FPL, the state s largest utility, said its outages dropped to around 1.9 million customers on Wednesday from a peak of more than 3.6 million on Monday. Some Florida utilities, including FPL, warned customers it could take weeks to restore power in the hardest hit areas. FPL said on Tuesday it planned to restore power to eastern Florida by this weekend and to western Florida by Sept. 22. Irma, categorized as one of the most powerful Atlantic storms on record when it rampaged through the Caribbean, has killed at least 77 people, including 36 in the United States, officials said. FPL said on Wednesday it had provided power to some parts of a nursing home where people died after the facility lost electricity during Irma and that the home was not on a list   critical facilities  prioritized for emergency power restoration.  Parts of the facility itself were energized by FPL, I can t give you anything more specific than that at this point,  FPL spokesman Rob Gould told a news conference. Two elderly residents were found dead at the Rehabilitation Center of Hollywood Hills and three later died at a hospital. FPL, like other utilities, follows a plan to restore power to the largest number of customers as quickly as possible. FPL said after repairing any damage to its power plants and the lines that carry electricity from the generating facilities, the company next restores  critical facilities,  like hospitals, police and fire stations, communication facilities, water treatment plants, transportation providers and shelters. About 150 of Florida s nearly 700 nursing facilities do not have power restored, according to the Florida Health Care Association, an advocacy group representing facilities statewide. Locations without power have been flagged to the state to help utilities prioritize their work, the group said in a statement.  The loss of these individuals is a profound tragedy within the larger tragedy of Hurricane Irma,  the association said in a statement. Irma hit southwestern Florida on Sunday morning as a Category 4 storm, the second most severe on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale. It had weakened to a tropical depression on Monday. More than 60,000 workers from across the United States and Canada were involved in the restoration efforts, including those from the affected companies and other utilities, according to the Edison Electric Institute, an industry trade group. ",1
20162,Florida nursing home where deaths occurred was not on priority list: utility,"(Reuters) - Florida Power & Light said on Wednesday it had provided power to part of a nursing home that housed six residents who died after the facility lost electricity due to Hurricane Irma, adding that it was not on a county priority list for emergency power restoration.    Parts of the facility itself were energized by FPL, I can t give you anything more specific than that at this point,  FPL spokesman Rob Gould told a news conference, referring to the  Rehabilitation Center of Hollywood Hills.  Two elderly residents were found dead at the nursing home, and four later died at a hospital. Police opened a criminal investigation at the nursing home in Broward County, which is north of Miami.  Some residents were evacuated on early Sunday morning and some woke up feeling sick at the center, which had been without air conditioning, Broward County Mayor Barbara Sharief said.  Gould said FPL met with Broward County officials in March before the storm season to discuss what facilities would be prioritized for power restoration this year.   They identified which facilities were to be critical top infrastructure facilities, this was not one of them,  he said about the Hollywood Hills center.  Broward County officials did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  FPL, a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Inc, has said earlier this week that the company prioritizes restoring power to critical facilities such as hospitals, police and fire stations, communications centers, water treatment plants, transportation and shelter.   Gould said the incident at Hollywood Hills emphasizes that all facilities need to have backup plans in case power is lost during storms.  Memorial Regional Hospital, a facility across from the nursing home, was identified as a top priority by the county and had power, Gould said. Florida has more than 680 nursing homes that house about 73,000 residents, the Florida Health Care Association said.    ",1
20163,CSX resumes normal train operations into parts of Georgia: statement,"(Reuters) - Csx Corp said on Wednesday it has resumed normal train operations into Waycross and Savannah, in Georgia, and limited service into Jacksonville, Florida, where it has also reopened intermodal facilities. The No. 3 U.S. railroad also said engineering crews worked through the night to restore service in Georgia, South Carolina and Alabama but that customers should expect delays as backlogs are worked down.  The railroad said intermodal terminals in Jacksonville, central Florida, and Tampa have reopened, though train service delays are still expected. ",1
20164,Suicide bomb near cricket stadium in Afghan capital kills at least three,"KABUL (Reuters) - A suicide bomber blew himself up at a checkpoint near the main cricket stadium in the Afghan capital Kabul on Wednesday, killing at least three people as a tournament was under way, officials said. Interior Ministry spokesman Najib Danesh said two police and one civilian were killed and five people wounded. Local Tolo News Television quoted the Afghan Cricket Board as saying all players were safe. The blast outside Kabul International Cricket Stadium took place during a match in Afghanistan s Shpageeza Cricket League, a T20 franchise tournament on the lines of the Indian Premier League and similar 20-over tournaments. A statement in Bosnian on Islamic State s Amaq news agency said a suicide attack had been carried out on members of the Afghan security forces in Kabul ,  although it was not immediately clear whether the statement referred to the same incident. The Shpageeza tournament, now in its fifth season, is one of a small number of Western-style sports competitions along with Afghan Premier League football that have grown up since a U.S.-led campaign toppled the Taliban in 2001. A small number of foreign players are also taking part in the competition. Cricket, which spread from refugee camps in Pakistan, has become one of Afghanistan s most popular sports and the national team has become increasingly successful, raising the profile of the game. ",1
20165,London police arrest woman after incident at Prince George's school,"LONDON (Reuters) - A woman has been arrested in London on suspicion of attempted burglary at a primary school attended by Prince George, the great-grandson of Queen Elizabeth, police said on Wednesday. The four-year-old son of Prince William and Kate Middleton started last week at Thomas s Battersea, a private school in southwest London. The event was widely publicized in Britain and beyond. London s Metropolitan Police said a 40-year-old woman was arrested on Wednesday in relation to an incident at the school on Tuesday, and was now in police custody. The woman is suspected of having gained access to the school, but police gave no details about exactly what had happened.  We are working with the school, which is attended by His Royal Highness Prince George, to review its security arrangements after the incident,  police said in a statement. A spokeswoman for Kensington Palace, the residence of Prince William and his family, said:  We are aware of this issue but won t comment on security matters.  ",1
20166,"Guinean forces kill one, wound several in bauxite mining town riot","CONAKRY (Reuters) - At least one person was killed and several wounded when Guinean security forces opened fire to break up a riot in the bauxite mining hub of Boke, witnesses said on Wednesday. Boke has suffered waves of rioting rooted in a perceived failure of mining to raise living standards, despite 15 million tonnes of aluminum ore being extracted annually by the West African nation s largest mining companies Societe Miniere de Boke (SMB) and Companie Bauxite de Guinee (CBG). Rioters on Wednesday pillaged a gendarmerie post and set fire to a security forces vehicle, before Guinean forces opened fire to push them back. They also blocked streets to prevent mine workers from going to work, although SMB said its basic operations were still in order.  We feel the tension has increased somewhat,  Frederic Bouzigues, general manager of SMB, told Reuters.  Many of our employees have not been able to get back to work and this affects us even if our essential operations are not blocked.    Guinea sits on about a third of the world s bauxite, but it remains one of the world s poorest countries, and unemployment around mining sites is not significantly lower than in other places. Residents of Boke protested this week over electricity shortages, another major gripe of residents. The government said calm had now been restored, after two days of demonstrations.  I saw one person dead at the hospital,  witness Mamadou Diallo told Reuters by telephone.  It was a young man of 25 years. I saw about twenty people wounded,  he added. Similar riots at the end of April paralyzed Boke, and youths trashed several government buildings before being pushed back by security forces firing live rounds, also killing at least one protester.  It was a difficult situation but we took steps to restore calm,  government spokesman Damantang Albert Camara said by telephone. Boke residents complain that while seeing none of the wealth from mining, they still suffer associated problems such as pollution from dust blowing off the back of trucks. ",1
20167,Transylvanian dream: Juncker's antidote to 'Brexit nightmare',"STRASBOURG (Reuters) - Transylvania may not seem everyone s idea of a fun weekend away to get over a painful break-up but that is Jean-Claude Juncker s prescription for EU leaders to cope with the blues on the day Britain walks out. Sibiu, the picturesque historic home of Romania s ethnic Germans, will be just the place for the other 27 national leaders to make a public show of unity on Saturday, March 30, 2019, the European Commission president told EU lawmakers on Wednesday in his annual State of the European Union address. His proposals for a more united bloc without Britain face scepticism from many governments. But the EU s chief executive has, officials said, calculated that expanding the euro zone and deepening its cooperation can win support from Angela Merkel and Emmanuel Macron, leaders of the founding powers France and Germany, and heal rifts with newer, poorer members in the east. His mention of Brexit brought cheers from UK Independence Party members in Strasbourg. They scoffed at Juncker s warning that Britons would soon regret leaving and said UKIP would look forward to that weekend 18 months hence to celebrate Britain s  liberation  from what they call EU diktat from Brussels. But aides say Juncker believes many of the 440 million other Europeans will only truly wake up to the fact the second-ranked economy is leaving pretty much around when it actually happens.  And to reassure them at what Juncker said would be  a very sad and tragic moment , their leaders should plan a get-together in Romania, one of the newest, and poorest member states, which just happens to be the rotating chair of the EU in early 2019. A rich cultural heritage   Juncker noted that German-speakers like himself know it as Hermannstadt, capital of Transylvania s centuries-old Saxon community   makes Sibiu a good spot to celebrate the Union of Europe s diverse peoples.  The whole idea on that day is to focus on...matters to come for the Union, not on the ones who are leaving,  one senior EU official said of the Sibiu summit, which was welcomed by Romanian President Klaus Ioannis, a former mayor of the city. And if hostile British commentators might be tempted to link the Transylvanian venue to a view of the EU as a bloodsucking vampire on the British taxpayer, Romanian locals insist their town has little to do with the region s Dracula legend. Aside from altering the atmospherics of what will certainly be a historic weekend for the European Union, the success of Juncker s vision for Sibiu in 2019 will depend on how national leaders respond to the proposals he sketched out on Wednesday. Most strikingly, the former Luxembourg premier who will step down in autumn 2019, wants to use the departure of the Union s opter-out-in-chief, Britain, to end a culture of states picking and choosing which bits of integration they want - for themselves and others - and to bring all 27 or more nations in to the euro currency zone, Schengen travel area and bank union. In a speech that carefully balanced indirect criticisms and praise for different leaders across the bloc, he slapped down Macron s embryonic proposals for a separate euro zone budget and plans to push ahead with deeper integration that could leave non-euro countries, especially in the east, on the EU s fringes. The German government, preparing for an election in two weeks that should hand Merkel a fourth term, is skeptical of Macron s plans but is also likely to be wary of the ambition of Juncker s proposals. Its initial reaction was restrained. EU officials, however, play down the idea that Juncker is making for a head-on confrontation with Merkel and Macron when he sets his face against a  multispeed Europe  that the veteran EU dealmaker believes bears the seeds of the EU s unraveling. Rather, Juncker sees his idea of a euro zone covering the whole EU, with its budget part of the overall EU budget and run from the existing Commission, as a practical application of the kind of suggestions Macron and Merkel seem to support but on which their administrations have offered little concrete detail. At the same time, EU officials argue, past attempts by Paris and Berlin to force a lead on integration, such as by Merkel and then president Nicolas Sarkozy at the height of the euro zone crisis in 2011, failed to gain traction. Juncker, they say, will try to persuade them that his broader approach is more viable. Nonetheless, his suggestion that the likes of Poland and Hungary, run by deeply eurosceptic governments, should join the strictures of the euro zone is unlikely to win rapid support in Warsaw or Budapest. Juncker s argument is, however, that if they refuse offers and pressure to join, they cannot then complain about being treated as  second class  members of the Union. Juncker, 62, said he had despaired of the EU at times but wants Sibiu to offer EU voters something other than Brexit to wake up to, two months before a European Parliament election. The biggest challenge to achieving his long list of ambitions by then will be overcoming entrenched national interests:  Democracy is about compromise,  he said in a blunt warning to the squabbling leaders he wants to come together in Transylvania.  Europe cannot function without compromise.  ",1
20168,Central African Republic defense minister sacked amid growing violence," ((This Sept. 12 story corrects name of sacked minister in paragraph 2)) BANGUI (Reuters) - Central African Republic president Faustin-Archange Touadera sacked his defense minister on Tuesday evening, according to a state radio broadcast, amid growing violence that threatens to spin the country out of control. The dismissal of Joseph Yakete was part of a wider Cabinet reshuffle. The statement did not say if his dismissal was related directly to growing violence.  Thousands have died and a fifth of Central Africans have fled a conflict that broke out after mainly Muslim Seleka rebels ousted President Francois Bozize in 2013, provoking a backlash from Christian anti-balaka militias. Although unrest has since subsided, fighting has spiked this year and the United Nations warned this month that ethnic fighting could descend again into a much larger conflict if combatants are not disarmed. National security forces are too weak to tackle armed groups and counter the spillover from conflicts in neighboring countries, said the United Nations. In a sign of the deteriorating security situation, six Red Cross volunteers were killed in an attack on a health center in southeastern Central African Republic on Aug. 3, the aid organization said last month. ",1
20169,"Facing potential wheat crisis, Egypt plays down poppy seed risk","CAIRO (Reuters) - Poppy seeds found in two cargoes of imported wheat halted by Egyptian authorities are  not very dangerous , Agriculture Minister Abdel Moneim Al-Banna told Reuters on Wednesday, in comments that could avert a trade row. Al-Banna said the cargoes from France and Romania would be sieved before a decision was taken on whether to allow them into the country.   The world s biggest wheat buyer has panicked global suppliers in recent weeks by referring the two cargoes to its public prosecutor for containing what it said were drug-producing poppy seeds. The prosecutor has yet to issue a final decision on whether the wheat should be re-exported. Supplier Transgrain France and the French embassy in Cairo sent letters to state-buyer GASC arguing that the strand of poppy, papaver rhoeas, in the wheat was a harmless variety not used in opium production and commonly found in wheat fields. Banna s comments are the first by an Egyptian official to take a similar view. He said the seeds were  not very dangerous , and that  there is still a study that has not been completed to determine whether to re-export it to the country of origin or use it after the sieving.  GASC later said it had determined that the seeds present in the Romanian cargo were not harmful as per an agriculture quarantine report and that it would be sieved.  The poppy seeds found on the Romanian vessel according to a report that was signed by the head of the agriculture quarantine are not of the harmful opiate kind. The procedure therefore is sieving,  GASC Vice Chairman Ahmed Youssef told Reuters. Traders are watching closely, and have said that any rejection could lead them to boycott the state s massive tenders, protesting what they describe as excessive inspection measures that have made doing business increasingly risky.  All suppliers will wait and see what will happen,  said one Cairo-based trader. In a similar trade row last year, Egypt temporarily banned any trace of ergot, a common grain fungus, in cargoes. That move halted the country s billion-dollar grain trade after suppliers said the zero-tolerance level was impossible to guarantee. GASC expects to buy about 7 million tonnes of wheat in the fiscal year that began last July in order to supply a bread subsidy program relied on by tens of millions of Egyptians. Inspectors from Egypt s agriculture quarantine service have slammed a food inspection system launched this year that was intended to streamline trade following the ergot dispute. They say the new system, which ends the process of sending Egyptian inspectors abroad to check on grain, has allowed harmful contaminants to enter the country. They successfully challenged the system in court, but a verdict to suspend it has not been implemented and is being appealed.  We are being exposed to the biggest campaign to enter the largest quantities possible of poor quality wheat into Egypt and to make it the wastebasket of the world,  a quarantine inspector said. ",1
20170,"U.N.'s Guterres calls on Myanmar to end violence, urges aid","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Wednesday called on authorities in Myanmar to end violence against the majority-Buddhist country s Rohingya Muslims and acknowledged the situation there is best described as ethnic cleansing. The humanitarian situation in Myanmar was  catastrophic,  Guterres said, and called on all countries to do what they could to supply aid.  I call on the Myanmar authorities to suspend military action, end the violence, uphold the rule of law and recognize the right of return of all those who had to leave the country,  Guterres said at a news conference. Pressure has been mounting on Myanmar to end violence that has sent about 370,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh, with the United States calling for protection of civilians and Bangladesh urging safe zones to enable refugees to go home. Asked if the situation could be described as ethnic cleansing, Guterres replied:  Well I would answer your question with another question: When one-third of the Rohingya population had to flee the country, could you find a better word to describe it?    The secretary-general also said he has spoken to Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar s national leader, several times.  This is a dramatic tragedy. People are dying and suffering at horrible numbers and we need to stop it. That is my main concern,  he said. Suu Kyi canceled a trip to the upcoming U.N. General Assembly to deal with the crisis, her office said on Wednesday. The U.N. Security Council is to meet on Wednesday behind closed doors for the second time since the crisis erupted. British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said he hoped there would be a public statement agreed by the council. The government of Myanmar, also known as Burma, says its security forces are fighting Rohingya militants behind a surge of violence in Rakhine state that began on Aug. 25, and they are doing all they can to avoid harming civilians. The government says about 400 people have been killed in the fighting, the latest in the western state. The U.N. s top human rights official earlier this week denounced Myanmar for conducting a  cruel military operation  against the Rohingya, branding it  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.  ",1
20171,Juncker's proposals in sync with French agenda: presidential official,"PARIS (Reuters) - European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker s speech on the state of the European Union contained  many ambitious proposals  chiming with French ideas, an official at President Emmanuel Macron s office told Reuters on Wednesday.  Macron s office welcomed Juncker s support for the French president s proposals on vetting foreign investments considered to be strategic and his backing for democratic conventions.  However, asked about the issue of a distinct euro zone budget and parliament, Macron s proposals which Juncker rejected, the French presidency official said Juncker had opened up options and that his timetable for detailed proposals in December were in line with Macron s. ",1
20172,Rape cases fuel anti-migrant angst in Italy ahead of election,"ROME (Reuters) - Rape allegations leveled against foreigners are fuelling anti-immigrant sentiment in Italy ahead of elections due early next year, when migration is likely to top the political agenda. Anti-immigration politicians have leapt on the crimes to ram home their message that the center-left government has been lax on border controls, allowing more than 600,000 migrants, mainly Africans, to enter the country over the past four years.  There are too many of them. I will send quite a few home,  Matteo Salvini, the head of the rightist Northern League, wrote on Twitter this week after police said a Bangladeshi man had been arrested in Rome on suspicion of raping a Finnish au pair. The Rome case came two weeks after a young Polish tourist said she was gang raped by four Africans, three of them aged under 18, on a beach in the Adriatic resort of Rimini. The woman s partner was badly beaten by the youths and a Peruvian transsexual said she was raped and assaulted by the same quartet later the same night. The leader of the gang was named as a Congolese asylum-seeker who had been allowed to stay in Italy on humanitarian grounds. The other three were Moroccan brothers aged 15 and 17, who were born in Italy, and a 16-year-old Nigerian.  A gang of Maghreb worms,  said Georgia Meloni, head of the rightist Brothers of Italy party, which is expected to be allied with the Northern League and Silvio Berlusconi s Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party at the election. An opinion poll in la Repubblica newspaper on Wednesday showed 46 percent of Italians thought migrants represented a threat to their personal safety and to public order against 40 percent in the last such survey in February. Five years ago the figure stood at just 26 percent. Opposition parties say the government cannot ignore the issue, pointing to official data showing that in the first seven months of the year 1,534 Italians were arrested or accused of rape compared with 904 foreigners suspected of the same crime.  Some 40 percent of rapes are being committed by foreigners who make up 8 percent of the population. You can t sweep this under a carpet,  said Deborah Bergamini, a lawmaker with Forza Italia.  The influx of migrants is having major consequences.  Though Italy was a colonial power in Africa in the 19th and 20th centuries and migrants have come to Italy for decades, the country mainly served as a transit route for the rest of Europe and so remains an overwhelmingly white country. However, EU migration policy means that increasing numbers of would-be asylum seekers are having to stay to secure residency permits, meaning many more Africans and refugees from the Middle East are trying to make Italy their home. Rising public concern over the inflows is starting to affect government policy-making, with the ruling center-left Democratic Party on Tuesday freezing a long-promised bill that would have granted citizenship to the children of immigrants. Some 70 percent of Italians backed the measure earlier this year, but support has now plummeted to just 52 percent, according to the la Repubblica survey. Interior Minister Marco Minniti has also intervened to stem the flow of migrants.  I feared for democracy in this country,  Minniti said last month, explaining why, after months of a de-facto, open-door policy, the government finally introduced measures aimed at preventing people from leaving Libya for Italy. Over the past 2-1/2 months, the number of migrants reaching Italy has fallen 70 percent from the same period a year ago to some 16,500, but the rape cases have ensured that media headlines have remained highly negative about the newcomers.     German media were accused last year of initially ignoring allegations of sex assaults by migrants at New Year festivities in Cologne in order not to fuel anti-foreigner sentiment. The Italian media has no such hesitancy.  First poverty, now they bring us disease,  a front page headline in Libero daily said this month when an Italian child died of malaria just days after she had shared a hospital ward with two African children suffering the same illness. Malaria is transmitted by mosquitoes and cannot be passed person-to-person. It was eradicated from Italy in 1970 and doctors do not know how the girl, who had never been abroad, caught the disease. Cecile Kashetu Kyenge, a Congolese-born European parliamentarian with the ruling Democratic Party, says those sorts of headlines show how racism is on the rise.  The newspapers turn migrants into the enemies of Italy and people start to believe this nonsense,  said Kyenge, a former minister who receives regular racist abuse on social media.  Racism is used as a political weapon and the situation is getting worse. The problem is we are living in a perpetual election campaign and politicians play on peoples  fears.  The Northern League has led the anti-migrant charge with its leader, Salvini, regularly denouncing migrants on Facebook. The party has been rewarded by a jump in support from 6 percent in 2014 to more than 15 percent today, making it the third largest political force in Italy in many opinion polls.  The rise of the Northern League can be put down to the party s anti-migrant stance and Salvini s undoubted ability to play the populist card,  said pollster Renato Mannheimer. He predicted that the issue would continue to predominate.  The economy is a much more important issue, but sadly I think it will take a back seat to immigration in the coming election campaign,  he said. ",1
20173,Rights groups ask China to stop detaining its critics,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Human rights activists called on China on Wednesday to stop detaining lawyers and critics, voicing concern for their health and fate in custody after the death of jailed Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo attracted international attention in July. China said the concerns had no basis in fact. The activists highlighted the case of Jiang Tianyong, a prominent human rights lawyer disbarred in 2009, who disappeared last November and was held incommunicado for six months.  Jiang s verdict is pending on charges of subversion, to which he confessed at a trial last month, saying he had been inspired to overthrow China s political system by workshops he attended overseas.  The trial can be reasonably called neither fair nor impartial. In just the most obvious violation of due process, Mr Jiang was shown in a televised confession on state media in March 2017,  Sarah Brooks of International Service for Human Rights told the United Nations Human Rights Council.  Jiang s physical and psychological health are a subject of great concern, given the real risks of abuse in places of detention,  she said. A Chinese diplomat told the Council that China firmly objected to the accusations about its legal handling of Jiang s and other cases, and said the NGOs should respect Chinese law and give up  outrageous tactics .  Jiang Tianyong is suspected of provoking trouble illegally, holding state secret documents, inciting subversion of the state and other criminal activities. He pleaded guilty,  the diplomat said.  China s treatment of dissidents stirred an outcry this year when Liu Xiaobo, serving an 11-year sentence for  citing subversion of state power , died after being denied permission to leave the country for treatment for late-stage liver cancer. His wife, Liu Xia, has been under house arrest for six years and her whereabouts and condition since his death are unknown, Brooks said.  Ms Liu Xia currently has personal freedom,  the Chinese diplomat told the Council, adding that China had picked the most qualified medical experts to treat Liu Xiaobo and given him medical parole.   Brooks also highlighted the case of Ilham Tohti, declared a case of arbitrary detention by a U.N. panel in 2014, who is serving a life sentence for  separatism . The Chinese diplomat said Ilham s crime was clear.   Ilham s case has nothing to do with human rights. He was trying to justify the acts of terror, divide the country and incite hatred, which no country could tolerate,  she said.  Zhang Qing, the wife of activist Guo Feixiong, told an NGO event in Geneva on Monday that he has suffered after being sentenced to six years in prison in late 2015. He conducted a 101-day hunger strike in 2016 to protest conditions.  Guo has encountered a wide range of brutal and evil torture in jail, such as 13 days and nights of sleep deprivation, high-voltage taser to his private parts to extract a confession,  she said. Guo was a  veteran political prisoner  whose voice had been silenced for demanding reforms, said Zhang, who lives in the United States. Human Rights Watch said this week that Beijing is waging a campaign of harassment against Chinese activists who seek to testify at the U.N. about repression, which it called the worst since the Tiananmen Square democracy movement was crushed. China s foreign ministry dismissed the accusations. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein, addressing the Geneva forum on Monday, said that China was drafting its first national law on detention centres, with the aim of improving treatment, oversight and accountability.  Zeid urged the government  to ensure that the law grants access to independent legal counsel and family members, as well as addressing the ill-treatment in detention and deaths in custody . ",1
20174,Turkey will take its own security measures after Russia defense deal: Erdogan,"ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan on Wednesday dismissed NATO allies  concern over Turkey s deal to buy a missile defense system from Russia and said Ankara would continue to take the security measures it thought right. Turkey, whose relations with its allies have frayed in recent months, said it opted for the S-400 because Western companies had offered no  financially effective  alternative. But NATO officials have voiced disquiet over the purchase of missiles incompatible with alliance systems.  They went crazy because we made the S-400 agreement. What were we supposed to do, wait for you? We are taking and will take all our measures on the security front,  Erdogan said in a speech in Ankara. Western firms which had bid for the contract included U.S. firm Raytheon (RTN.N), which put in an offer with its Patriot missile defense system. Franco-Italian group Eurosam, owned by the multinational European missile maker MBDA and France s Thales TCFP.PA, came second in the tender. Turkey, with the second-largest army in the alliance, has enormous strategic importance for NATO, abutting as it does Syria, Iraq and Iran. But the relationship has become fractious. Erdogan has been infuriated by Washington s support for  Kurdish YPG fighters in the battle against Islamic State in Syria. Turkey sees the YPG as an extension of the militant Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has waged a three-decade insurgency in Turkey s largely Kurdish southeast. The U.S. Pentagon said it had expressed concerns to Ankara about the Russian purchase.  A NATO interoperable missile defense system remains the best option to defend Turkey from the full range of threats in its region,  spokesman Johnny Michael said in a statement. France, however, said Turkey s decision was a sovereign choice which did not require comment from NATO allies. France s foreign minister is due to visit Turkey on Thursday. Germany has said it would restrict some arms sales to Turkey, reflecting the diplomatic strain over a security crackdown in Turkey following a failed military coup last year. Berlin had originally sought to freeze major arms sales, but scaled that back after Turkey said that would harm the joint fight against Islamic State. Berlin has criticized mass arrests that followed the failed coup and demanded the release of around a dozen German or Turkish-German citizens arrested in recent months. Turkey originally awarded a $3.4 billion contract for the defense system to China in 2013, but canceled that two years later, saying it would concentrate on developing a system domestically. Turkey later began talks with Russia, and in July Erdogan said the deal had been signed, although negotiations appear to have been drawn out over financing.  Turkish media quoted Erdogan this week as saying he and Russian President Vladimir Putin were determined that the agreement should proceed. ",1
20175,France says Turkish-Russia missile deal a sovereign decision,"PARIS (Reuters) - France said on Wednesday Turkey s decision to buy a missile defense system from Russia was not cause for comment by NATO allies, remarks that were in contrast to other members that have raised concerns over the deal.   Turkey, whose relations with its allies have frayed in recent months, said it opted for the S-400 because Western companies had offered no  financially effective  alternative. But NATO officials have voiced disquiet over the purchase of missiles incompatible with alliance systems.   The purchase of military equipment by Turkey is a sovereign choice which does not need to be commented (upon) by members of the Atlantic alliance,  Foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne said in response to a question on whether this was a blow to the alliance. The French comments come a day before the country s foreign minister begins a two-day visit to Turkey, where he will discuss regional issues, promoting support for a new peace initiative on Syria. He will also broach the subject of the arrest of French journalist Loup Bureau, who was seized by Turkish border guards on the frontier with Iraq in early August.  ",1
20176,Juncker announces new code of conduct for EU executive members,"STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - Members of the European Commission will have to wait two years before taking up new employment after they quit the EU executive under a new ethical code of conduct proposed by the President of the Commission on Wednesday. Seeking to bolster the public s trust in the EU institutions, Jean-Claude Juncker called for more enforced ethical standards and greater transparency in the Commission. The code of conduct will be enforced from Feb. 1, 2018, and will apply to all current members. This comes after Juncker s predecessor Jose Manuel Barroso caused public uproar after joining U.S. investment bank Goldman Sachs to advise it on Brexit, and former Commissioner Neelie Kroes was reprimanded for not declaring income that would effectively have reduced her pension. The  cooling off period  between a Commission term and the start of new employment was extended from 18 months to two years for members and three years for the president.     The code also requires members to declare investments above 10,000 euro ($11,900) and establishes an Independent Ethical Committee to advise on all ethical issues.  ",1
20177,German parties fret about Turkish voters as Erdogan makes mark," BERLIN (Reuters) - Nihan Sen s grandmother came to Germany in the 1960s but still speaks no German. By contrast, Nihan herself is a star of German youth culture, with 783,000 followers for her YouTube channel. Yet she acknowledges:  I really do like a bit of Turkish television.   She is not alone. Turkish broadcasters have an 84 percent market share among Germany s three million people of Turkish background, and 40 percent of them watch no German television at all, according to market researcher Data4U.  As a captive audience of television broadcast from Ankara, Germany s Turkish citizens are caught in a tug-of-war for their loyalty ahead of a German national election on Sept. 24.  Turkey s president, Tayyip Erdogan, has called on German voters of Turkish background to reject Germany s mainstream political parties, saying they are  unfriendly to Turkey .  The parties worry that Erdogan has more access to Turkish-speaking German voters than they do.  Green Party co-leader Cem Ozdemir, the most prominent German politician of Turkish descent, has called for Germany s public media to start broadcasting a Turkish channel for the benefit of Turks, both in Germany and in Turkey.   We need a German-Turkish broadcaster,  he told the Rheinische Post newspaper in March.  For years we ve neglected to help people from Turkey find a new political homeland, also politically, and now we re seeing the fruits of that.   Traditionally, Turks in Germany have voted mainly for the Social Democrats or the Greens, the main center-left parties, which are known for being friendly to immigrants. But Erdogan has repeatedly urged them instead to reject both those parties, as well as Merkel s ruling conservatives.  ""The majority, because they only watch Turkish TV, are informed very one-sidedly,"" said Joachim Schulte, head of Data 4U, which specializes in polling Germany's Turks. Schulte believes Erdogan's call could sway 300,000 votes -- a quarter of the Germans of Turkish descent who are eligible to vote.  For now, voters of Turkish descent who turn away from the Social Democrats and Greens have few other choices. Schulte said those who become disaffected are more likely to stay home than back rival parties. But that could still affect the outcome in an election that is likely to be hard fought for every vote.  A change in Germany s citizenship law in 2000 means the number of ethnic Turks with the right to vote has nearly doubled over the past decade, increasing their importance as a bloc. Polls show most Turks in Germany backed Erdogan when voting as expatriates in Turkish elections.  For Erdogan, having influence over voters in Germany provides a chance to settle scores with German politicians he sees as enemies, while burnishing his credentials at home as a defender of Turks everywhere.  Germany s mainstream parties have been outspoken critics of Turkey s crackdown since a failed coup last year, in which thousands of Turks have been jailed, including around a dozen who hold German citizenship. Turkey also demands that Germany hand over asylum seekers it accuses of involvement in the coup.  For the Social Democrats and Greens, losing the Turkish vote poses a real risk: even a small swing could weaken them in potential talks with the conservatives about setting up a government after the vote.  In recent weeks, a new party, the Alliance of German Democrats, led by ethnic Turks, has campaigned with a poster of Erdogan.  Friends of Turkey,  it reads.  Stand with them!   So far the new party is polling below one percent nationally and fielding candidates only in North Rhine-Westphalia, the big Western state home to more than a fifth of Germany s population.  The national prospects for a minority ethnic party may be limited in a country with a 5 percent threshold to win seats, but a party appealing directly to Turks could undermine the bigger parties.   Our poster was a quote from Erdogan: he was criticizing German politics and saying we should vote for parties that are our friends,  said party spokesman Ertan Toker.  Unlike the other German parties that are always negative about Erdogan, we are not. We saw this as him encouraging us to vote.   Among the causes the new party has taken up: making it easier for ethnic Turks in Germany, most of whom still don t have the right to vote, to gain it. That struck a chord for Rascha, a 17-year-old Turkish girl in Duisburg, North Rhine-Westphalia.   I was born here and I still don t have a German passport,  she said.  The process for getting one is long and bureaucratic. There s a new party that wants to give all permanent residents voting rights.   Turkish community leaders from the big political parties say Erdogan s interventions into German politics are undoing decades of work on promoting integration.   The political climate is poisoned by this,  said Cansel Kiziltepe, Social Democrat parliamentary candidate in Berlin s multi-ethnic Kreuzberg district, where the Social Democrats, Greens and conservatives are all fielding candidates with Turkish roots.  President Erdogan has torn down what we have built up over decades.    We get threats, e-mails as ethnic Turkish lawmakers saying we aren t sufficiently loyal as  Turks ,  Kiziltepe said.  But I am a German politician and I do politics for Germany and for all people who live here.   Timur Husein of Merkel s Christian Democratic Union was categorical about his loyalties:  I am German, only German,  said the son of a Turkish father and a Croatian mother.  For YouTube personality Nihan, who confessed her passion for Turkish TV during an interview with Social Democrat leader Martin Schulz, the worry was that some Turks would end up alienated from wider German society.   What can we do to stop parallel societies from emerging?  she asked Schulz.  Schulz was reassuring. ""It's not bad, or even hard, to have two identities. Why should you deny your roots?""  ",1
20178,Family of Australian woman fatally shot wants Minnesota cop charged,"(Reuters) - The family of an Australian woman who was fatally shot wants the Minneapolis policeman involved charged, their attorney said on Tuesday, the same day investigators sent the evidence collected to the local prosecutor. State investigators did not release their findings in the July 15 shooting of Sydney native Justine Damond, 40, who died from a single gunshot fired by Officer Mohamed Noor. The policeman was in a patrol car with Officer Matthew Harrity.  Damond had called police about a possible sexual assault near her house and had approached the police after their arrival, authorities previously said. Damond was living in Minneapolis and engaged to be married. The shooting sparked outrage in Minnesota as well as in Australia, where Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull called the incident  shocking  and  inexplicable.  Minneapolis  police chief resigned after city officials said procedures had been violated during the incident and Damond  didn t have to die.  The attorney for Damond s family, Bob Bennett, said her family believes the officer should be held accountable.   They certainly believe charges are merited,  he said in a telephone interview. The most likely charges may be second-degree manslaughter, which carries a sentence of up to 10 years, Bennett said.     Attorneys for the officers could not be reached. Noor previously expressed condolences to the Damond family in a statement, but declined to discuss the shooting. Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman will review the case file to determine what, if any, charges might be brought after the findings were submitted Tuesday, according to a statement. A decision is expected by the end of the year, his office said. Harrity told investigators he was startled by a loud sound near the patrol car shortly before Noor fired through the open driver s-side window, striking Damond. Court documents said a woman slapped the back of the car before the shooting. Noor was put on paid leave after the shooting. Neither officer had their body cameras activated, police have said. Damond s family has not yet filed a civil lawsuit, Bennett said. He is the same lawyer who reached a nearly $3 million settlement for the family of black motorist Philando Castile who was shot and killed by Minnesota police in July 2016 during a traffic stop. Because of past criticism over a lack of transparency when grand juries consider possible charges in police shootings, Freeman plans to decide on charges himself, his spokesman said. Freeman s office said in a statement it might ask for additional investigation into the matter. ",1
20179,Saudi calls for social media informants decried as 'Orwellian',"(Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has urged its people to report subversive comments spotted on social media via a phone app, a move denounced by a human rights watchdog as  Orwellian . The appeal, announced on a Twitter account run by the interior ministry late on Tuesday, coincides with an apparent crackdown on potential government critics and a call by exiled opposition figures for demonstrations.  When you notice any account on social networks publishing terrorist or extremist ideas, please report it immediately via the application #We re_all_security , it said, referring to a mobile phone app launched last year to enable civilians to report traffic violations and burglaries. Hours later, the public prosecutor tweeted a section of the kingdom s terrorism law which states:  Endangering national unity, obstructing the Basic Law of governance or some of its articles, and harming the state s reputation or status are terrorist crimes.  Exiled Saudi critics have called for demonstrations on Friday to galvanize opposition to the royal family and prominent clerics, intellectuals and activists, including prominent Islamist cleric Sheikh Salman al-Awdah, have been detained this week, activists say. Activists circulated lists of people detained on social media showing the number had risen to around 30 on Wednesday, including some with no clear links to Islamist activity or obvious history of opposition. Protests are banned in Saudi Arabia, as are political parties. Unions are illegal, the press is controlled and criticism of the royal family can lead to prison.  Riyadh says it does not have political prisoners, but senior officials have said monitoring activists is needed to maintain social stability. The detentions reported by activists follow widespread speculation, denied by officials, that King Salman intends to abdicate to his son, Crown Prince Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who dominates economic, diplomatic and domestic policy. There are also growing tensions with Qatar over its alleged support of Islamists, including the Muslim Brotherhood which is listed by Riyadh as a terrorist organization. Some Twitter users expressed support for the government s approach, using the  We re all Security  hashtag.  No flattery, no silence whether for a relative or friend in securing the homeland,  said one.  Defend your security. Chaos starts with slogans of freedom and reform. Do not believe them.  Another user called on people to photograph any  low-lifes  protesting on Friday and upload them to the app. Human Rights Watch, a New York-based watchdog, condemned the government dragnet, saying it called into question the authorities  commitment to free speech and the rule of law.  Saudi Arabia is reaching a new level of Orwellian reality when it goes beyond security services  repression and outsources monitoring of citizens  online comments to other citizens,  said Middle East director Sarah Leah Whitson, referring to English writer George Orwell s dystopian novel  Nineteen Eighty-Four .  Saudi Arabia s new leadership is quickly showing it has no tolerance for critical thought or speech and is marshalling Saudi society to enforce red lines by spying on itself.  The government has not clearly acknowledged this week s detentions or responded to requests for comment. But state news agency SPA said on Tuesday authorities had uncovered  intelligence activities for the benefit of foreign parties  by a group of people it did not identify. A Saudi security source told Reuters the suspects were accused of  espionage activities and having contacts with external entities including the Muslim Brotherhood , which Riyadh has classified as a terrorist organization. The government toughened its stance on dissent following the Arab Spring in 2011 after it averted unrest by offering billions of dollars in handouts and state spending. But the Brotherhood, which represents an ideological threat to Riyadh s dynastic system of rule, has gained power elsewhere in the region. Since the kingdom s founding, the ruling Al Saud family has enjoyed a close alliance with clerics of the ultra-conservative Wahhabi school of Islam. In return, the clerics have espoused a political philosophy that demands obedience to the ruler. By contrast the Muslim Brotherhood advances an active political doctrine urging revolutionary action, which flies in the face of Wahhabi teaching. The Brotherhood-inspired Sahwa movement in the 1990s agitated to bring democracy to Saudi Arabia and criticized the ruling family for corruption, social liberalization and working with the West, including allowing U.S. troops into the kingdom during the 1991 Iraq war.  The Sahwa were largely undermined by a mixture of repression and co-optation but remain active. The al-Saud family has always regarded Islamist groups as the biggest internal threat to its rule over a country in which appeals to religious sentiment cannot be lightly dismissed and an al Qaeda campaign a decade ago killed hundreds. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt cut diplomatic and transport links with Qatar in June over its alleged support for Islamist militants, a charge that Doha denies. ",1
20180,Girl strapped with bomb kills five in Cameroon mosque,"YAOUNDE (Reuters) - A girl with a bomb strapped to her walked into a mosque in northern Cameroon where it exploded, killing five worshippers in an attack bearing the hallmarks of Islamist militant group Boko Haram, authorities said. The girl of 12 or 13 years old arrived at the Sanda-Wadjiri mosque in remote Kolofata at the first call to prayer at between five and six a.m., the governor of Cameroon s Far North region Midjiyawa Bakary told Reuters by telephone.  The men were bowed in prayer when she came,  Bakary said.  Five of the worshippers were killed and the bomber also.  He did not name any suspects, but Boko Haram has repeatedly used suicide bombers as well as strapping children with explosives to strike at civilian and military targets.  The Nigerian jihadist group, which is now split into at least two factions, has been fighting for almost a decade to revive a medieval Islamic caliphate in the Lake Chad region, where Nigeria, Cameroon, Niger and Chad meet. Allied forces from the four countries have routed it in much of the territory it once controlled, but the group has responded by scattering and stepping up attacks on civilians. Amnesty International said last week that Boko Haram had killed 381 civilians in Nigeria and Cameroon since the beginning of April, more than double that for the preceding five months. Of those, 158 of the deaths were in Cameroon, which the rights group linked to a rise in suicide bombings, the deadliest of which killed 16 people in Waza in July.  ",1
20181,"Five militants, two soldiers, killed in Egypt's Sinai","CAIRO (Reuters) - Five militants and two soldiers were killed on Wednesday in clashes that followed a failed attack on a security checkpoint in Egypt s strife-torn North Sinai province, a military spokesman said. Troops were seeking some of the militants who fled the scene during the clashes, the spokesman said in a statement.   One of the militants, wearing an explosive vest, attempted to raid one of the security checkpoints and due to the vigilance of the security forces the terrorist was killed while the rest of the militants were dealt with,  he said.  Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack, with its news agency Amaq saying one of its militants had set off a suicide vest at a security checkpoint. An Islamist insurgency in North Sinai has gathered pace since mid-2013 when the military ousted Islamist president Mohamed Mursi after mass protests against his rule and the group leading it pledged allegiance to Islamic State a year later. Hundreds of soldiers and police have been killed since and in recent months the attacks extended to Coptic Christians, who make up 10 percent of Egypt s 90 million population. ",1
20182,Buildings evacuated in Moscow after bomb threats: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian authorities evacuated people from dozens of buildings in Moscow on Wednesday after a flurry of anonymous phone calls asserting the locations had been mined, RIA news agency reported. Three of Moscow s main train stations were being checked on Wednesday, along with the city s famous GUM department store near Red Square, and more than 20 other buildings, the news agency said. GUM said on its website it was temporarily closed  for technical reasons.  A Reuters TV cameraman said he saw police with sniffer dogs checking the building. Russia has this week experienced a wave of hoax bomb threats.   Citing an unnamed source in the emergency services, RIA said the hoaxes had so far affected more than 20 Russian towns and cities. All of the calls had so far turned out to be false alarms. When asked about the matter, a Kremlin spokesman referred reporters to the police. RIA cited its source as saying that many of the hoax calls may have been made from Ukraine.  Relations between Moscow and Kiev are at a low after Russia annexed Ukraine s Crimea in 2014 and pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine rebelled against Kiev s rule.                    ",1
20183,Russia's Zapad war games unnerve the West,"TALLINN/VILNIUS (Reuters) - From planes, radars and ships in the Baltics, NATO officials say they are watching Russia s biggest war games since 2013 with  calm and confidence , but many are unnerved about what they see as Moscow testing its ability to wage war against the West. NATO believes the exercises, officially starting on Thursday in Belarus, the Baltic Sea, western Russia and the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad, are already underway. It says they are larger than Moscow has publicized, numbering some 100,000 troops, and involve firing nuclear-capable ballistic missiles. Codenamed Zapad or  West , NATO officials say the drills will simulate a conflict with the U.S.-led alliance intended to show Russia s ability to mass large numbers of troops at very short notice in the event of a conflict.  NATO remains calm and vigilant,  NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said last week during a visit to an Estonian army base where British troops have been stationed since March. But Lithuania s Defense Minister Raimundas Karoblis was less sanguine, voicing widely-felt fears that the drills risk triggering an accidental conflict or could allow Moscow to leave troops in neighboring Belarus.  We can t be totally calm. There is a large foreign army massed next to Lithuanian territory,  he told Reuters. Some Western officials including the head of the U.S. Army in Europe, Gen. Ben Hodges, have raised concerns that Russia might use the drills as a  Trojan horse  to make incursions into Poland and Russian-speaking regions in the Baltics. The Kremlin firmly rejects any such plans. Russia says some 13,000 troops from Russia and Belarus will be involved in the Sept. 14-20 drills, below an international threshold that requires large numbers of outside observers. NATO will send three experts to so-called  visitor days  during the exercises, but a NATO official said these were no substitute for meeting internationally-agreed norms at such exercises that include talking to soldiers and briefings. Moscow says it is the West that threatens stability in eastern Europe because the U.S.-led NATO alliance has put a 4,000-strong multinational force in the Baltics and Poland. Wrong-footed by Moscow in the recent past, with Russia s seizure of Crimea in 2014 and its intervention in Syria s war in 2015, NATO is distrustful of the Kremlin s public message. In Crimea, Moscow proved a master of  hybrid warfare , with its mix of cyber attacks, disinformation campaigns and use of Russian and local forces without insignia.  One senior European security official said Zapad would merge manoeuvres across Russia s four western military districts in a  complex, multi-dimensional aggressive, anti-NATO exercise .  It is all smoke and mirrors,  the official said, adding that the Soviet-era Zapad exercises that were revived in 1999 had included simulated nuclear strikes on Europe. NATO officials say they have been watching Russia s preparations for months, including the use of hundreds of rail cars to carry tanks and other heavy equipment into Belarus. As a precaution, the U.S. Army has moved 600 paratroopers to the Baltics during Zapad and has taken over guardianship of the airspace of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, which lack capable air forces and air defense systems.  Russia s military show of force raises some uncomfortable questions for the alliance because NATO cannot yet mass large numbers of troops quickly, despite the United States  military might, NATO officials and diplomats said. NATO, a 29-nation defense pact created in 1949 to deter the Soviet threat, has already begun its biggest modernization since the Cold War, sending four battalions to the Baltics and Poland, setting up an agile, high-readiness spearhead force, and developing its cyberspace defenses. But NATO has deliberately taken a slowly-slowly approach to its military build-up to avoid being sucked into a new arms race, even as Russia has stationed anti-aircraft and anti-ship missiles in Kaliningrad, the Black Sea and Syria.  The last thing we want is a military escalation with Russia,  said one senior NATO official involved in military planning, referring to Zapad.  In the event of any potential Russian incursion into the Baltics or Poland, NATO s new multinational forces would quickly need large reinforcements. But a 40,000-strong force agreed in 2015 is still being developed, officials say. Lithuania s Karoblis said he hoped to see progress by the next summit of NATO leaders in July 2018. Baltic politicians want more discretion given to NATO to fight any aggressor in the event of an attack, without waiting for the go-ahead from allied governments.  During Zapad, NATO is taking a low-key approach by running few exercises, including an annual sniper exercise in Lithuania. Only non-NATO member Sweden is holding a large-scale drill.     NATO Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe James Everard told Reuters there was no need to mirror Zapad.  It s not a competition,  he said during a visit to NATO forces in Latvia. ",1
20184,Qatari Emir to meet Turkey's Erdogan in Ankara: Turkish presidency,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Qatar s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani will hold talks in Ankara on Thursday with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, an ally of Doha in its dispute with Gulf Arab neighbors. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar three months ago, suspending air and shipping routes with the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas. They say Qatar supports regional foe Iran and Islamists. Qatar denies the charges and says the economic boycott aims at neutering an independent foreign policy it says promotes peaceful regional reform and fighting terrorism. Last month Turkey held joint military exercises with Qatari forces in the Gulf state. It has said it will deploy 3,000 troops at a military base there and has increased trade with Qatar since the start of the embargo. Turkey s presidency announced Sheikh Tamim s trip in a statement on Wednesday but gave no details of the talks, which will coincide with a visit to Ankara by the prime minister of Kuwait, which has sought to mediate in the Gulf Arab dispute.     ",1
20185,U.S. says air strikes in Somalia kill six al Shabaab fighters,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Wednesday it had carried out air strikes in Somalia against an al Qaeda-allied Islamist group and killed six militants. The group, al Shabaab, is fighting to topple Somalia s Western-backed transitional federal government and impose its own rule on the Horn of Africa country. The U.S. military s Africa Command (AFRICOM) said in a statement it had carried out three air strikes on Wednesday at 2:15 a.m. local time (2315 GMT Tuesday).  The operation occurred in southern Somalia, about 260 kilometers (162 miles) south of the capital, Mogadishu,  the statement said.  Al Shabaab has lost control of most of Somalia s cities and towns since it was pushed out of Mogadishu in 2011. But it retains a strong presence in parts of the south and center and carries out gun and bomb attacks. ",1
20186,Cambodian opposition blocked from holding memorial service,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s main opposition party was blocked from holding a memorial ceremony on Wednesday for victims of a 1997 grenade attack on a political rally, with tension running high after the arrest of its leader last week. The U.S. embassy urged its citizens to exercise caution after Prime Minister Hun Sen s government accused the United States of conspiring with opposition leader Kem Sokha, who has been charged with treason. Potentially further fanning anti-American sentiment, the embassy announced it had stopped issuing visas for some Cambodian foreign ministry officials. Kem Sokha s Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) had planned to hold a ceremony at a memorial in the capital, Phnom Penh, to mark an attack in which at least 16 people were killed at a rally on March 30, 1997 organized by former opposition leader Sam Rainsy. Similar memorials have been permitted in previous years around the Pchum Ben festival, when Cambodians pay respects to deceased ancestors.  We tried to hold the ceremony at the memorial and we were stopped,  Mu Sochua, one of the CNRP s deputy presidents, told Reuters.  We don t want to confront the authorities but we want to show that these are signs of intimidation,  she said, adding that the ceremony was then moved to a nearby pagoda. Phnom Penh s city hall spokesman Met Measpheakdey said the pagoda was the right place for the ceremony and the party s request to do it at the monument had been denied. Opponents of Hun Sen accuse him of arresting Kem Sokha and cracking down on independent media and other critics ahead of a general election next year in which he could face the toughest electoral challenge of more than 30 years in power. The United States and Western countries have called for Kem Sokha s release, drawing further anti-American rhetoric from the government. The U.S. embassy said it had no specific warnings of security issues but urged U.S. citizens to show caution. The embassy announced it had stopped issuing visas to some senior foreign ministry officials in a separate dispute over Cambodia s refusal to continue accepting Cambodian citizens the United States wants to deport China, Cambodia s biggest donor and investor by far, has stood by Hun Sen s government.   Chinese friends are like a strong back that continues to help Cambodia in every circumstance so that no foreign country can break it up,  Hun Sen said on his Facebook page on Wednesday after returning from a trip to China. ",1
20187,"Rights groups target police, spy chiefs globally under new U.S. law","PRAGUE/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Police and spy chiefs from China to the Middle East, a Ukrainian oligarch and a former president of Panama are among the people a coalition of human rights groups wants targeted for sanctions under an expanded U.S. law aimed at curbing rights abuses and corruption worldwide. The coalition, in documents to be made public on Wednesday, submitted 15 cases to the U.S. State Department and U.S. Treasury, urging them to investigate using the law, called the  Global Magnitsky Act. The law, which then-President Barack Obama signed in December 2016, expands the scope of 2012 legislation that froze the assets of Russian officials and banned them from traveling to the United States because of their links to the 2009 death in prison of a whistleblower, Sergey Magnitsky.  The cases we have elected to highlight come from every region of the world, and involve horrific stories of torture, enforced disappearance, murder, sexual assault, extortion and bribery,  the coalition of 23 groups said in a letter to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. The groups said their information came from first-hand accounts of victims and their attorneys, investigative journalism and reports by non-governmental organizations (NGOs). (here) Police chiefs, public prosecutors and heads of security services in Bahrain, China, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Mexico and Central Asian countries where prisoners were tortured, executed or died in custody are on the list compiled by the groups, which are coordinated by Washington-based Human Rights First. Among them are Chinese Deputy Minister of Public Security Fu Zhenghua and Beijing s Municipal Public Security Bureau deputy head Tao Jing. The groups accuse the two officials of bearing  command responsibility  for actions of forces under their control in the torture and 2014 death of human rights activist Cao Shunli. Cao s lawyer has said she was denied medical treatment until she was seriously ill, which the Chinese government denies.  Dmitry Firtash, a Ukrainian oligarch indicted by a U.S. court in 2013 on bribery and other charges, is on the list. He denies wrongdoing and is fighting extradition from Austria.  Lanny Davis, an attorney for Firtash, in a statement said the allegations were false and that any sanctions  cannot be justified,  adding:  The constant repetition of false accusations on the Internet doesn t make them true.      Another target is former Panamanian president Ricardo Martinelli, who is jailed in Florida facing extradition to Panama on charges he conducted illegal surveillance and stole state funds while in office. Martinelli has repeatedly denied the charges. President Donald Trump, a Republican who did not stress global human rights as a foreign policy priority during his presidential campaign or early months in office, told Congress in April that he was committed to  robust and thorough implementation  of the Magnitsky law. His administration has yet to impose sanctions or travel bans under it, but an official said the process of identifying potential targets  is both internal and external. We have received nominations from multiple sources including the United States Congress and NGOs.   Evidence permitting, our objective is to leverage the global reach of this authority and pursue geographically diverse  tranches  of targets on an ongoing basis,  said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Acting on the recommendations could pose risks for Trump if targeted governments retaliated. Washington needs Beijing s help in pressuring North Korea to halt its missile and nuclear tests, for example. The original Magnitsky legislation strained relations between Moscow and Washington. Magnitsky, a tax accountant and lawyer, was arrested in 2008 shortly after accusing Russian officials of involvement in fraud, and died in prison nearly a year later while awaiting trial. William Browder, whose Russian hedge fund employed Magnitsky as a lawyer, spearheaded an international campaign to push through the original Magnitsky Act, which now covers 44 Russians. He said travel bans and asset freezes are effective.  It creates a very devastating consequence because people who thought they could act with absolute impunity no longer have that comfort,  Browder said. The human rights coalition also hopes that pressure from politicians such as Republican Senator John McCain and Democratic Senator Ben Cardin, the authors of the original legislation and the update, will spur the Trump administration into action. McCain, in a statement to Reuters, said the role of NGOs is crucial, and envisioned under the new law.  I will continue working to ensure the administration enforces the law and utilizes this powerful tool to advance freedom and justice around the world,  he said. Rob Berschinski, a former Obama administration official who led the efforts at Human Rights First, said,  Our process is designed to assist the government, but also to remove any excuse around whether it has the ability to levy sanctions. Now the question is simply one of political will.  The Global Magnitsky Act requires the Trump administration to report to Congress by Dec. 10 on sanctions it has imposed under the law. ",1
20188,"China backs U.N. call for justice in Yemen, U.S. and Saudis don't","GENEVA (Reuters) - China signaled on Wednesday it was willing to back an international inquiry into atrocities in Yemen, as demanded by the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, but Saudi Arabia and the United States said they did not support the idea. For three years running U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein has asked the 47 countries in the U.N. Human Rights Council to set up an independent investigation into Yemen s war, which has killed at least 10,000, destroyed the economy, led to a cholera epidemic and pushed millions to the brink of famine.  Despite his pleas, they have twice supported a Saudi plan to let Yemen investigate by itself.    On Wednesday, the Netherlands and Canada unveiled a draft resolution to establish an international commission of inquiry (COI) to ensure that  perpetrators of violations and abuses, including those that may constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity, are held accountable . The three-page text was supported by many countries when diplomats met to discuss amendments.  We agree with the actions, including the COI, to promote the political solving of the Yemen crisis,  a Chinese delegate told the meeting, which was boycotted by the Arab group of countries supporting a rival Saudi-led resolution. Britain and the United States said they wanted to see consensus around a single resolution.      We do have concerns that a full international independent Commission of Inquiry is not likely to get us there,  U.S. diplomat Michele Roulbet told the meeting. Saudi Arabia, which leads an international coalition battling the Iran-aligned Houthi movement in Yemen, said the time was not right for an international inquiry. Although Zeid has said Yemen is not up to the job of investigating its own war, Saudi Ambassador Abdulaziz Alwasil said Yemen s national commission was in a better position to investigate for the time being.  We have no objection to the inquiry itself, we just have a discussion about the timing, whether this is the right time to establish an international commission, with the difficulties on the ground,  Alwasil told reporters. Georgette Gagnon, head of field operations at the U.N. human rights office, said Yemen s own human rights commission was  established by, is funded by and reports to a party to the conflict  and said it was way past time for an effective probe.   Not having an international inquiry would be a green light to the parties to the conflict,  said Radhya Al-Mutwakel, co-director of Yemen s Mwatana Organization for Human Rights. Zeid said on Monday there had been only  minimal  efforts at holding people to account in what the United Nations has branded the world s worst humanitarian crisis. The Saudi envoy said the international community should focus its efforts on gaining access for humanitarian personnel. The Saudi-led coalition has also has set up a team to investigate civilian casualties. On Tuesday it said it had found a series of deadly air strikes had been largely justified. ",1
20189,Nein danke! Merkel spurns challenger's TV duel re-run offer,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Firmly on course for re-election, Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday spurned her rival s request for a re-run of a head-to-head television debate in which he failed to dent her opinion poll lead. With voting taking place on Sept. 24, Martin Schulz s left-leaning Social Democrats (SPD) trail Merkel s conservatives by around 14 percentage points. Schulz challenged her to a second debate in a letter, arguing that they failed to address many key issues in the first encounter on Sept. 3, billed as a one-off and in which he at times rattled the chancellor. Her Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party rejected the idea, with an official saying:  Angela Merkel enjoyed taking part in the a TV duel. The format worked out well. And she is leaving it at that.  The SPD s Andrea Nahles, who is Germany s labor minister, accused the conservatives of cowardice for not allowing a second debate to tackle issues like health, education and pensions that she said were barely touched on in the Sept. 3 duel.   In my view, this is weak of Mrs Merkel,  she told Reuters in a television interview. Schulz, 61, is a more natural public speaker than Merkel, 63, but he failed to land a knock-out blow during the debate   partly because the two camps agree on many policy areas. When he did try to stake out stronger positions, such as by accusing U.S. President Donald Trump of  bringing the world to the brink of crisis with his tweets , she was able to appear more considered. Deploying her credentials as a global stateswoman, Merkel said she would work with Trump to achieve a diplomatic solution to the North Korea crisis   a moderate approach that appealed to risk-averse German voters. A survey by Infratest Dimap for ARD television after the debate showed Merkel s overall performance was viewed as more convincing by 55 percent, compared to 35 percent for Schulz. In his letter to Merkel, a copy of which was seen by Reuters, Schulz argued they had not addressed voters  questions about the digital economy, the future of the labor market, pensions and education in the debate. Schulz, whose SPD has ruled as junior partner in a  grand coalition  with Merkel s conservatives for the last four years, has tried to appeal to voters with a campaign for social justice but the message has not resonated widely. Merkel, in power since 2005, has told voters not to risk allowing an untested, SPD-led left-wing alliance to take power, urging them to stick with her in  turbulent times . ",1
20190,Macri ally gains ground in Argentina Senate election against Fernandez,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentine President Mauricio Macri s favored candidate is gaining ground against former populist leader Cristina Fernandez in a closely watched Senate race in the country s largest province of Buenos Aires, sources from both parties and two analysts said. Macri s former Education Minister Esteban Bullrich of his  Let s Change coalition appears to have reversed the trend since last month when Fernandez narrowly beat him by 0.08 percentage points in a nonbinding primary vote. While a second-place finish would still guarantee Fernandez a Senate seat, the number of votes she gets is being closely watched by investors who see the Oct. 22 vote as a gauge of her potential to stage a comeback in the 2019 presidential election. Analyst Ricardo Rouvier has not finished his latest poll but estimated that Bullrich was leading Fernandez by about 3 percentage points in Buenos Aires province, home to nearly 40 percent of Argentine voters.  Cristina has a large number of votes, but she is stuck there, she has a ceiling,  he said in an interview. Fernandez s 2007 to 2015 presidency saw Latin America s No. 3 economy cut off from international capital markets and several companies nationalized. Fernandez was indicted for corruption last year, though she dismisses the charges as politically motivated. A seat in Congress would give her immunity from arrest though not from trial.   We have registered our growth in the polls,  said a high-level government source who asked not to be identified. Citizen s Unity, the party Fernandez founded before launching her candidacy in June, confirmed the trend but said Bullrich had a smaller lead.   What we have is an advantage of half a percentage point (for Bullrich); we have a tied election again,  said a campaign spokesman who declined to be named. A representative for another Argentine pollster, who asked not to be identified because the firm is currently only surveying for private clients, said Bullrich has a four percentage point lead over Fernandez.  The polarized show-down between Fernandez, who says Macri s economic austerity has hurt the provincial poor, and Bullrich has largely left out other parties and moderate candidates. Fernandez broke with Peronism, Argentina  best-known political movement, for the election and her former Transportation Minister Florencio Randazzo attracted few votes in the primary.  Sergio Massa, a presidential candidate in the 2015 election against Macri, finished a distant third behind Fernandez. Seeking to unify the opposition against Bullrich, Fernandez on Monday published a letter on Facebook asking for the support of those who did not vote for her.   We hope that the Peronist voters who accompanied proposals such as Randazzo or Massa join this majority,  said Jorge Taiana, Fernandez s former foreign minister and senate candidate, in an interview. The Citizen s Unity spokesman said the party is in talks with Peronist mayors who support Randazzo to try to convince them to back Fernandez. Four have switched over and the party has high hopes for three more, he said.  No matter how many seats his coalition picks up in October - when Argentines elect one-third of the Senate and half the lower house of Congress - Macri will still lack a majority and will need to negotiate tax and other reforms he hopes to pass in the second half of his term.  ",1
20191,"Juncker wants EU finance minister, no separate euro budget or parliament","STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - The European Union should have a minister of economy and finance but no separate euro zone budget or parliament, the head of the European Commission said on Wednesday. Jean-Claude Juncker said such a minister should also be the chairman of all euro zone finance ministers and be accountable to the European Parliament. The minister would be in charge of economic and financial issues not only for the euro zone, but for all EU countries, Juncker said in a state of the union speech to the European Parliament. Creating a finance minister for the EU rather than for the euro zone is an attempt to prevent divisions among the 27 countries that will remain in the EU once Britain leaves in 2019, EU officials said. The idea of a euro zone finance minister has been promoted by French President Emmanuel Macron. He will offer more detailed proposals for reforms to the euro zone on Sept. 26, two days after Germany s federal election, a French diplomatic source said on Wednesday. Germany Chancellor Angela Merkel also said when she met Macron last month that she could imagine creating a combined European finance and economy minister.  We need a European minister of economy and finance: a European minister that promotes and supports structural reforms in our member states,  Juncker said.  The new minister should coordinate all EU financial instruments that can be deployed when a member state is in a recession or hit by a fundamental crisis.  He said that instead of creating a new post, the job should be given to a vice president of the European Commission   a suggestion that is bound to meet with vehement resistance from euro zone governments, especially Berlin. His comments are part of the debate on the future shape of the 19-country euro zone, which Juncker said should expand to take in all the other EU members that are not yet part of it and do not have a formal option to opt out of using the euro.  Member states that want to join the euro must be able to do so. This is why I am proposing to create a Euro-accession instrument, offering technical and even financial assistance,  Juncker said, without giving details. He said that by the time Britain leaves the EU in March 2019, euro zone membership and participation in the EU s banking union - which entails a single EU supervisor, resolution authority and deposit guarantee scheme - should be the norm for all EU members. But even though all non-euro zone countries of the EU except Denmark are legally obliged to join the euro when they meet a set of criteria, some of the biggest, like Sweden and Poland, have no plans to do so in the foreseeable future, believing their own currency gives their economies more flexibility.     Addressing French and German ideas of creating a separate budget for the euro zone, on top of the existing long-term EU budget, and a separate euro zone parliament, alongside the existing EU parliament, Juncker rejected both.  We do not need a budget for the euro area but a strong euro area budget line within the EU budget. I am also not fond of the idea of having a separate euro area parliament. The parliament of the euro area is the European Parliament,  he said. He said the euro zone bailout fund   the European Stability Mechanism (ESM)   should be transformed into a European Monetary Fund and become an EU institution, rather than an intergovernmental one as the ESM is now. The future European finance minister would be in change of the new European Monetary Fund (EMF) as well, he said. He did not give more details of the new tasks the EMF could take on, saying only the Commission would make a proposal on that, as well as the prerogatives of a European finance minister, in December. Euro zone finance ministers will open a debate on the future of the single currency area on Friday at an informal meeting in the Estonian capital of Tallinn. ",1
20192,Germany deports failed Afghan asylum seekers,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany deported eight Afghans with criminal records after their applications for asylum were rejected, said Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere. It was the first collective deportation to Afghanistan since an attack in Kabul on May 31 that killed and injured hundreds and damaged German embassy buildings. At that time the German government canceled a flight that was due to return a group of failed Afghan asylum seekers after criticism from rights activists that Berlin was sending people to a dangerous country.  Germany had begun mass deportations of Afghans in December in an effort to show it was tackling high migrant numbers by cracking down on those who failed to qualify as refugees. Chancellor Angela Merkel has made clear that Germany deports to Afghanistan only criminals and people it considers a threat. The eight male asylum seekers who landed in Kabul on Wednesday morning and were received by Afghan authorities had all committed serious offences, said de Maiziere. Some 3,300 Afghans returned home of their own volition last year. Germany deported 67 people to Afghanistan last year and more than 100 have been sent back so far this year. ",1
20193,"EU to race Britain for Australia, NZ trade deals","STRASBOURG (Reuters) - The European Union wants to launch and conclude free trade negotiations with Australia and New Zealand in the next two years, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Wednesday, opening up a potential race with Britain. If Juncker s timeframe is achieved, the EU could nip in ahead of the UK, which is also courting both countries but cannot negotiate independent trade deals until it leaves the EU in March 2019. Juncker said there was a good chance that the EU would agree the main elements of a new free trade with the Mercosur countries of Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay and of an updated trade partnership with Mexico by the end of this year.  And today, we are proposing to open trade negotiations with Australia and New Zealand,  Juncker told EU lawmakers.  I want all of these agreements to be finalised by the end of this mandate. And I want them negotiated in the fullest transparency,  he added. The current Commission s term of office runs until Oct. 31, 2019. The EU is seeking to capitalize on new trade opportunities in response to a more protectionist  America First  stance from the United States under President Donald Trump.  We will not miss any opportunity to step in. Whatever space the Americans leave behind, the Europeans will occupy,  a senior U.S. official said. Juncker said, however, that while Europe favored open commerce, it needed reciprocity from its trading partners.  We have to get what we give,  he said. The European Union was not a group of  naive free traders  and would always defend its strategic interests. The European Commission is now proposing that it should have the right to review foreign investment in important assets.  If a foreign, state-owned, company wants to purchase a European harbor, part of our energy infrastructure or a defense technology firm, this should only happen in transparency, with scrutiny and debate,  Juncker said. France, Germany and Italy jointly welcomed the proposal to give member states a tool to intervene. Juncker did not mention any country, but most EU concern over reciprocity and investment has centered on China. China s COSCO Shipping [COSCO.UL] already owns a majority stake in Greece s biggest port, Piraeus, and a share of a terminal at Europe s largest port, Rotterdam. China contributed to the European Union s Galileo satellite navigation program, which critics say led to a massive transfer of technology. ",1
20194,Swedish opposition party to call vote of no-confidence in PM,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Sweden s anti-immigration Sweden Democrat party on Wednesday tabled a parliamentary vote of no confidence in Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, demanding his resignation in the aftermath of a scandal over leaks of sensitive material. Lofven is almost certain to ride out the vote, which will take place on Sept. 15 at the earliest, as the main, center-right opposition bloc has said it will not give its support. But it will damage his standing just a year before the general election and ratchet up pressure on him to get rid of  Defence Minister Peter Hultqvist, who has also been targeted by the Sweden Democrats over the IT scandal.  The Prime Minister has talked about a breakdown, but he has not talked about the breakdown within his own government,  Parliament member Paula Bieler said.  If the Sweden Democrats  attempt to unseat Lofven fails, they will call for a no-confidence motion in Hultqvist. The center-right Alliance bloc has also said it will table a motion of no-confidence in Hultqvist. If Hultqvist is forced to resign, he would be the third minister to fall victim to the IT scandal. No-confidence motions are rare in Swedish politics. Since 1980, only seven have taken place and none one has succeeded.  ",1
20195,"Juncker chides EU candidate Turkey, upbeat on Western Balkans","STRASBOURG (Reuters) - The president of the European Commission said on Wednesday he saw no prospect of Turkey joining the EU in  the foreseeable future  but he had a more optimistic message for six Western Balkan nations also seeking membership. The European Union has become increasingly critical of Turkey s decades-long membership drive after President Tayyip Erdogan launched a major crackdown on critics - including journalists and academics - after a failed 2016 coup.  Turkey has been taking giant strides away from the European Union for some time,  Jean-Claude Juncker, head of the executive Commission, said in his annual keynote speech to the European Parliament on the state of the bloc.  Accession candidates must give the rule of law, justice and fundamental rights utmost priority. This rules out EU membership for Turkey for the foreseeable future.  Juncker referred to a war of words between Berlin and Ankara, in which Erdogan accused Berlin of  Nazi-like  tactics, prompting Chancellor Angela Merkel to call for an end to Turkey s membership talks, despite it being a crucial NATO ally.  Journalists belong in newsrooms not in prisons. They belong where freedom of expression reigns,  Juncker said.  Stop insulting our member states by comparing their leaders to fascists and Nazis.  Formally ending Turkey s accession negotiations would require unanimity among EU states, which is lacking, though majority backing is enough to suspend them.  EU leaders will discuss Turkey at a summit in Brussels in October, though any formal decision may not come before next spring.  Juncker put a final stamp on the EU s recently-revived engagement in the Balkans, where Serbia, Albania, Macedonia, Montenegro, Bosnia and Kosovo all want to join the EU one day.   If we want more stability in our neighborhood, then we must maintain a credible enlargement perspective for the Western Balkans,  Juncker said.  The region on the EU s south-eastern edge, still scarred by the wars fought along political, ethnic and religious lines in the 1990s, is important for the bloc for issues from controlling immigration to countering security threats. Earlier this year, the EU accused Russia of seeking to destabilize the Western Balkans - which Moscow denied - and its concerns have led to a renewed engagement in the region. With Britain now scheduled to exit the EU in 2019, Juncker said he saw no new enlargement of the bloc before 2020.  But thereafter the European Union will be greater than 27 in number,  he added. EU officials say Serbia, Albania and Macedonia could be closest to joining, possibly allowing for an EU of 30 states by around 2025, though they avoid setting any firm deadlines. Juncker s comments came in a speech in which he urged the EU to  catch the wind  in its sails after years of battling crises from the euro zone to migration to Brexit. ",1
20196,Hungary rejects 'dead end street' of ceding powers to EU,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary will not relinquish any of its national sovereignty to the European Union and will keep fighting against the EU s quota system for taking in asylum-seekers, Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto told Reuters. As the EU plunges into an intense debate over deeper integration after Britain departs in 2019, Szijjarto said giving up more national powers was not the way to go. His comments highlighted the resistance that proponents of a closer and deeper EU - notably French President Emmanuel Macron - are likely to face from one of the bloc s most prickly and nationalist-minded members.  I definitely do not share the approach ... that (the) less sovereignty on the level of the member states, the stronger the EU will be. I think it is a dead end street,  Szijjarto said in an interview. The right-wing government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban, which currently chairs the four-nation Visegrad group of Central European states, has been the most vocal opponent of EU migration policy and what it sees as attempts by Brussels to erode member states  sovereignty. Szijjarto said one area where Hungary supported a common approach was defense, as having a European army would strengthen member states to the benefit of the entire bloc. But taxation policy, for example, should remain with member states as that was a matter of competitiveness. Hungary has one of the EU s lowest personal income tax rates at 15 percent, and a corporate tax rate of just 9 percent. When asked in the interview late on Tuesday if Hungary could accept a common finance minister and budget for the EU, Szijjarto said:  I understand if this is a scenario then first it only can be a scenario for the euro zone, and since we are not members of the euro zone, this question will be decided without asking our opinion.  On Wednesday, however, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker delivered an annual address in which he set out an economic vision including a finance minister for the whole EU. Hungary has no target date to join the euro. Szijjarto dismissed the idea that Hungary or Poland, which also has a eurosceptic government, were becoming isolated in the EU, or that Slovakia and the Czech Republic were drifting away from them within the Visegrad group known as the V4.  There are many attempts to break the V4 unity but they are going to remain unsuccessful,  he said, adding that the Visegrad states were firm in their position to reject migrant quotas after foreign ministers met in Estonia last week.  Everybody reassured the others that we are going to fight and we are not going to give up our positions regarding illegal migration and regarding the quotas.  More than 1.5 million migrants and refugees have arrived in Europe since 2015, many fleeing war in the Middle East. The EU s highest court ruled last week that member states must take in a share of refugees, dismissing a  challenge by Slovakia and Hungary.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel has urged Hungary to quickly implement the court ruling, but Szijjarto called it a  very dangerous  political decision.  This decision does not oblige Hungary to anything because this decision was not about whether Hungary has to receive migrants from tomorrow onwards,  he said.  We will always fight against obligatory quotas, we will never hide our opinion that illegal migration poses a huge threat on Europe, and this position of ours remains our position, regardless of any kind of pressure that has been put on us.  ",1
20197,Israeli legislator quits in dispute over nephew's gay wedding,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An ultra-Orthodox Jewish lawmaker resigned from the Israeli legislature on Wednesday after drawing rabbis  wrath for attending his gay nephew s wedding. Yigal Guetta of the Shas party said in an Israeli radio interview earlier this week that he and his family had gone to the celebration, held two years ago in Israel, because he wanted his sister s son to be happy, although gay marriage violated his own religious beliefs. A letter published on Monday by five prominent Israeli rabbis said same-sex marriage is an  abomination . Accusing Guetta of  desecrating God s will , they called on his party to fire him. Guetta made no immediate public statement after his resignation was confirmed by party officials. The newspaper Haaretz quoted a source close to the politician as saying he had refused to apologize and decided to quit, to avoid being asked to do so by Shas s own religious sages, who set party policy. Same-sex weddings held in Israel are not sanctioned by the state, and only Orthodox rabbis can issue marriage licenses. Couples may marry without a license, but the union won t be officially recognized. Israel does recognize same-sex couples who marry abroad and any other non-Orthodox weddings performed outside of the country. ",1
20198,EU should enforce rules to prevent vetoes on tax reforms: Juncker,"STRASBOURG (Reuters) - Tax reforms in the European Union, such as higher taxation of online giants, should no longer require unanimous votes from EU ministers, the head of the European Commission said on Wednesday, urging the use of rules that limit governments  veto powers. Jean-Claude Juncker was speaking two days before EU finance ministers meet to discuss plans to introduce higher taxes on digital multinationals like Google and Amazon, which stand accused of paying too little tax in Europe. He urged EU states to adopt tax reforms with a  qualified majority  rather than by unanimity, a practice that has so far blocked major overhauls of tax legislation in the 28-country bloc. His proposal would end the ability of a single country to veto such decisions at ministerial level, although national leaders would retain veto power at EU summits. If taken up, the idea could reduce the power of smaller states, which offer some of the most favorable tax rates for multinationals, to block reforms. Juncker said it was possible under already existing rules  to switch to majority voting in certain areas, and this should be applied to decisions on  fair taxes of the digital industry .  I want decisions in the Council (of EU ministers) to be taken more often and more easily by qualified majority,  Juncker said.  In separate remarks, the commissioner in charge of tax issues, Pierre Moscovici, said on Wednesday that the EU executive will present a new  initiative  on digital taxation in the coming weeks.  The simpler decision-making should also be used to decide on legislative proposals on Value Added Tax (VAT) and on a common consolidated corporate tax base, which would harmonize national rules on tax deductions, Juncker said. He added that he also supported this solution for decisions on a European financial transactions tax, a long-running plan from which most EU states have opted out, but which remains under discussion among 10 euro zone countries.  Europe has to be able to act quicker and more decisively,  Juncker said in a speech to the European Parliament in Strasbourg, urging the use of so-called  passerelle clauses  to reduce countries  veto powers. These provisions, included in the EU treaties, allow for simplified legislative procedures if EU leaders decide so unanimously, and if national parliaments do not oppose it. EU leaders, who usually meet every three months, tend to reach overall political agreements that are later translated into legislative acts by relevant ministers.     ",1
20199,"As North Korea girds for latest sanctions, economy already feels the squeeze","DANDONG, China (Reuters) - The United Nations may have failed to slow North Korea s weapons programs, but the country s economy is already showing signs it is feeling the squeeze from the ongoing clampdown on trade, including a curb on fuel sales by China. The latest sanctions agreed on Monday by the UN Security Council ban the export of textiles from North Korea, one of its few substantial foreign currency earners. They also capped imports of oil and refined products, without imposing the full ban the United States had sought.     Chinese traders along the border with North Korea and some regular visitors to the isolated country said scarcer and costlier fuel, as well as earlier UN sanctions banning the export of commodities such as seafood and coal, are now taking a toll.  Our factory in North Korea is about to go bankrupt,  said an ethnically-Korean Chinese businessman in Dandong who sells cars refurbished at a factory in North Korea. He declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the situation.  If they can t pay us, we re not going to give them goods for free,  he said, referring to his North Korean customers.  A trader at another auto-related businesses in Dandong said cross-border trade had been hurt over the past few years, which he attributed to sanctions and less access to petrol. Several Chinese traders told Reuters the sanctions had stymied North Korean businesses  ability to raise hard currency to trade.   Last month sales were really bad, I only sold a couple of vehicles,  said the Chinese trader who sells new trucks, vans and minibuses to North Korea.  In August last year, I sold tens of vehicles and I thought that was bad.   On top of the sanctions, some traders said Chinese officials have stepped up efforts to curb smuggling across the border, a key source of fuel in the northern parts of North Korea.  And Chinese bank branches in the northeast have curtailed doing business with North Koreans, according to branch staff.     Still, North Korea has made strides in increasing its economic independence and not all traders or observers agreed the international pressure was having a major economic impact. Many residents, long accustomed to restrictions and shortages, were most concerned about the risk of already tight fuel supplies being cut further, said Kang Mi-jin, a North Korean defector in Seoul who reports for the Daily NK website.  If the U.S. were to say they plan to bomb Pyongyang, North Koreans wouldn t care less. But if China says they are considering slashing oil exports to North Korea because of missile or nuclear tests, North Koreans would absolutely freak out,  she said. Reuters reported in late June that state-run China National Petroleum Corp (CNPC) had suspended sales of gasoline and fuel to North Korea over concerns it would not get paid, and Chinese customs data showed that gasoline exports to the North had dropped 97 percent from a year earlier.  Petrol and diesel prices in North Korea surged after the cut and have almost doubled since late last year. In early September, petrol cost an average of $1.73/kg, compared with 97 cents last December, according to data from the defector-run Daily NK.  The cost of living has gone up, the price of petrol has risen and there are fewer cars on the streets,  a foreign resident of the North Korean capital told Reuters. The only thing that had become cheaper was coal, he said, after China banned North Korean coal imports earlier this year. Some of the scarcity of oil products and higher prices may have been caused by hoarding in anticipation of a clampdown on supply.  North Korea canceled an air show scheduled for this month in the coastal city of Wonsan, citing  current geopolitical circumstances . Several Chinese traders said they believed it was because the military is saving aviation fuel.  The new UN resolution imposes a ban on condensates and natural gas liquids, a cap of 2 million barrels a year on refined petroleum products, and a cap on crude oil exports to North Korea at current levels. North Korea uses far less crude than during its industrial heyday in the 1970s and 1980s, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. After cut-price supplies from China and the Soviet Union ended following the Cold War, consumption dropped from 76,000 barrels per day in 1991 to an estimated 15,000 last year, according to the EIA. The use of small-scale solar has become widespread in the North, with many apartment balconies dotted with panels providing power for cooking and lighting. China has not disclosed crude exports to North Korea for several years but industry sources say it supplies about 520,000 tonnes of crude a year to North Korea through an aging pipeline. The pipeline already operates at the minimum level for which the waxy crude from China s Daqing oil fields can flow without clogging, according to a senior oil industry source.  Chun Yung-woo, a former South Korean envoy on the North Korean nuclear issue, said the North could endure for a year or two without oil imports.  North Koreans are so used to living in harsh economic conditions that they would just get by for at least one year even if the oil ban is adopted, rationing the existing stockpile among top elites at a minimum level and replacing cars, tractors, equipment with cow wagons, human labor etc,  he said.  They would also manage to produce oil from whatever resources are available, whether it be coal, trees or plants.   ",1
20200,Kenyan police fire tear gas after women attacked at election meeting,"KISUMU, Kenya (Reuters) - Kenyan police in the western city of Kisumu fired tear gas and bullets in the air on Wednesday to disperse young men who broke into a hotel and beat women attending an election meeting, an officer said. Kenya held presidential, legislative and local elections on Aug. 8, but three weeks later the Supreme Court nullified the presidential result, citing irregularities in the tallying process. A re-run is scheduled for Oct. 17.  Although the ruling ushered in a period of uncertainty, many hope it will restore some faith in Kenya s tarnished institutions, reducing the long-term likelihood of political violence. On Wednesday, a Christian women s organization was holding a meeting related to the election re-run when the men broke into the hotel where they were meeting, said Joseph Keitany of the  Administration Police in Kisumu County. The region is a stronghold of opposition leader Raila Odinga.   We deployed police and they fired tear gas and bullets in the air and chased the group of young boys away,  he told Reuters.  The youth started beating women and they stole their laptops and money  before police arrived. A Reuters witness said the men smashed windows and broke chairs. Another witness said young men attacked participants using the broken chairs.   I was making my presentation when the youths came in,  said pastor Alice Atieno.  They started interrogating us and beating us on claims that we were buying IDs.  Keitany said he believed the men stormed the hotel because of rumors circulating on WhatsApp that the women s meeting was intended to plan the renting of voter identification cards, a rigging tactic alleged by the opposition ahead of last month s election, where online hoaxes and fake stories were alleged from all sides. Participants in the meeting denied that was the purpose and said they were meeting to see how to encourage peaceful voting.  A Reuters witness said he saw a Red Cross ambulance taking three women to hospital. In 2007, a disputed presidential vote led to protests and ethnic violence that killed 1,200 people. Following the August election, human rights organizations reported at least 28 deaths, mostly linked to police. But the protests were quelled when the opposition decided to take its complaints to court. Kenya s vocal civil society organizations have been working hard to plan monitoring and advocacy around the new vote.  The east African nation is the region s richest economy and a stable Western ally in a region roiled by conflict.  ",1
20201,"Exclusive: At a Russian polling station, phantom voters cast ballots for the 'Tsar'","VLADIKAVKAZ/IVNYA, Russia (Reuters) - At polling station no. 333 in the Russian city of Vladikavkaz, Reuters reporters only counted 256 voters casting their ballots in a regional election on Sunday. People were voting across Russia in what is seen as a dress rehearsal for next year s presidential vote. Kremlin candidates for regional parliaments and governorships performed strongly nationwide. When the official results for polling station no. 333 were declared, the turnout was first given as 1,331 before being revised up to 1,867 on Tuesday. That is more than seven times higher than the number of voters counted by Reuters - with 73 percent of the votes going to United Russia, the party of President Vladimir Putin. Election officials at the polling station said their tally was correct and there were no discrepancies.   Reuters reporters were there when the polls opened at 08:00 until after the official count had been completed. They saw one man, who said he was a United Russia election observer, approaching the ballot box multiple times and each time putting inside voting papers.  We must ensure 85 percent for United Russia. Otherwise, the Tsar will stop providing us with money,  the man, Sergei Lyutikov, told a reporter, in an apparent reference to Putin. Putin is the strong favorite to win re-election next year. Many voters credit him with restoring national pride. However, with the economy forecast to grow only 1 percent this year enthusiasm for Putin is not as strong as it has been. Political analysts say that could result in a weak election turnout. Reuters reporters observed the vote at six polling stations on Sunday. At all six the reporters found discrepancies, of varying sizes, between the official vote tally and the number of voters the reporters counted. The reporters were present for the entire voting day except for in one place where a reporter missed the start because they were initially not allowed in. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, responding to a Reuters request for comment, said:  On the whole, no one has any doubts about the legitimacy of the elections, not the observers, not journalists. There were some incidents, probably. After all, it s a big country.   But neither we nor journalists have the right to describe something as a violation until the central election commission describes it as such,  he said.  There were observers there. So in this case there probably should be complaints from them. So one needs to see if there were complaints from them.   Russia s central election commission, asked about the discrepancies witnessed by Reuters, did not immediately respond. Ella Pamfilova, chair of the commission, told a news conference after polls closed that the irregularities that had been reported to her commission would be investigated. United Russia s party headquarters, in a statement sent to Reuters, said it gave no orders to anyone to stuff ballots or falsify results. It said all violations would be examined by election commissions and, if the law was broken, those responsible would be punished.  The six polling stations the Reuters reporters visited were in three regions but there were thousands of polling stations operating in Russia on Sunday so the events only offer a small snapshot of what happened.   Reuters reporters are unable to assess if such practices were widespread, or whether they had a material bearing on the outcome of the election.      Opinion polls consistently show that United Russia has more support than any other Russian party. Golos, a non-governmental organization whose volunteers monitored the voting in 36 regions, said late on Monday it had received reports of 825 violations of election rules. They included multiple reports of inflated turnout figures and ballot-stuffing. However, the NGO said violations were down compared to previous elections. At polling station no. 333, located in a further education college in Vladikavkaz, capital of the North Ossetia region, voters on Sunday were electing a new regional parliament. Lyutikov was there throughout the day. He works as an aide to Vadim Suanov, a United Russia deputy in the outgoing North Ossetia regional legislature, according to the legislature s website. Suanov, who was running for re-election on Sunday, told Reuters he knew nothing about what his employee did in the polling station. Lyutikov cast his ballot in the first hours of voting but later inserted ballot papers about 10 times, according to the Reuters witnesses. Lyutikov told a Reuters reporter not to document him at the ballot box, threatening to break her mobile phone if the pictures and video footage were not deleted. At one point, he showed a reporter his passport, with his name, Sergei Ivanovich Lyutikov and his date of birth, April 17 1984. While he was approaching the ballot box, he was in sight of Yelena Khadonova, the chair of the election commission for polling station no.333. Asked about Lyutikov s actions, she said:  I have nothing to comment on. I haven t seen anything.   At a parliamentary election last September, Reuters reporters at several polling stations found cases of inflated turnout and ballot-stuffing. Russia election chiefs said they would investigate, and the police launched their own investigation. After Sunday s vote, Kremlin candidates were on track to win in all 16 regions where governors were being elected, according to preliminary results. In the six regions where parliaments were being elected, including in North Ossetia, United Russia was in comfortable first place.  United Russia was less dominant in municipal elections in parts of Moscow, where support for opposition candidates is traditionally stronger. At another location, polling station no. 618 in Belgorod region, a Reuters reporter accompanied election officials on their visits to voters  houses to administer home voting. The number of home voters was equal to about a quarter of those who voted at the polling station.     Under Russia s electoral rules, voting at home is reserved for cases where a voter has specifically requested a visit, because for health reasons they are unable to make it to a polling station. Kremlin opponents and independent monitors say home voting is open to abuse because it is not subject to the same scrutiny as voting in a polling station, where monitors from several parties, and journalists, are often present. Despite the rule that home voting is only offered on request, several of the people visited by the election officials at their homes said they had not asked to vote at home.  The election officials entered most of houses without knocking on the door. One man in his sixties was smoking a cigarette in his backyard when the election officials arrived.  First build a road and then we ll talk,  he told the officials, pointing at a bumpy path leading to his house. He denied he asked them to come, but still cast his vote. The officials said a relative or neighbor may have made the request on his behalf. Over the course of two hours, during which the reporter was with the officials at all times, they collected 14 filled ballot papers. When the officials returned to the polling station, they had 18 filled ballot papers. The officials who made the trip said the tally was correct. The head of the election commission at polling station no. 618, Lyubov Grushko, said:  The difference in numbers is a provocative issue, we won t discuss it.      ",1
20202,Austria's conservatives want schools to make 'sufficient' German compulsory,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s conservative People s Party wants children who do not speak  sufficient  German to take compulsory language classes as a condition for being allowed to attend school, party leader Sebastian Kurz said on Wednesday.  Tens of thousands of migrants from the Middle East, Afghanistan and Africa have arrived in Austria in the past two years. Their integration has become an important political topic and Kurz, whose party is the junior partner in a coalition government with the Social Democrats, has gained in popularity because of his hard stance on immigration. Though his proposal ostensibly applies to all children, public debate has centered around those from migrant backgrounds, most of whom are currently placed at school according to age.  They receive separate language lessons but teachers have said that this is not enough to integrate them.  One can only follow the curriculum if one s German is good enough,  Kurz said at a news conference in Salzburg, where he presented his party s education program for parliamentary elections on Oct. 15.  Who starts at school needs to understand the teaching language,  the party chief said, echoing demands from the far-right Freedom Party.  ",1
20203,Key points in Juncker's 2017 annual EU address,"STRASBOURG (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker made key proposals in his annual State of the European Union address to the European Parliament on Wednesday. For more on the speech, see: A vice president of the European Commission to chair the Eurogroup of euro zone finance ministers and play the role of European Finance and Economy Minister, promoting reforms in states and deploying EU financial instruments to help states in recession or crisis. But he rejects French ideas of a separate euro zone budget and parliament, rather a  strong euro area budget line within the EU budget  and EU parliamentary scrutiny. He backs that argument by calling for all EU states to adopt the euro and offering technical and financial help for countries that need it. With non-euro Britain leaving in 2019, only eight states accounting for 15 percent of EU GDP will be outside the euro zone. However, the likes of Poland and Sweden are wary politically of being drawn into the single currency. Juncker also wants all states to join the European Banking Union, making bank supervision common across the bloc and more common standards in labor and social policies. He wants to set up a European Labour Authority and also wants governments to give up veto rights in areas such as corporate taxation and VAT harmonization efforts and a new financial transaction tax.  The Commission will propose in December ways to transform the euro zone bailout fund, the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) into a broader regional equivalent of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) for the European Union as well as the creation of a double-hatted European Minister of Economy and Finance. He also suggested making his successors as chief executives also the chairs of EU summits, fusing the roles of presidents of the European Commission and that of the European Council so as to make EU structures more comprehensible at home and abroad. Western Balkan states should have a realistic chance of joining the EU after 2019 but Turkey s abuse of fundamental rights rules out it joining in the foreseeable future. Britain s departure is  tragic  and the British too will come to regret it but it should not prevent the rest of the Union forging ahead with integration in an ambitious way, in the knowledge that favorable conditions will not last for long. Juncker made no policy statements on how Britain s exit should be handled or on plans for a new relationship. He called for an EU summit in the once German-speaking Transylvanian city of Sibiu on March 30, 2019, the first day Britain will no longer be in the Union. Romania will be chairing EU meetings then. It should agree plans for the future ahead of bloc-wide elections to the European Parliament scheduled for two months later. The EU is to launch new, transparent free trade talks with Australia and New Zealand and aim to conclude those as well as ongoing negotiations with Japan, Mexico and South American nations by the end of Juncker s mandate in late 2019. The EU is taking advantage of a cooling of the United States on free trade. Addressing unease in Europe about such deals, Juncker stressed their power to create jobs and impose EU standards in areas such as the environment on trading partners. New deals will also be stripped of controversial elements such as special business tribunals to make them easier to ratify. While being open, the EU will also introduce at Union level some of the powers which some governments have to review foreign investments in strategic assets   such as infrastructure or sensitive security or technology firms   and raise objections. A new European Cybersecurity Agency to be set up. He also wants a new European intelligence unit to coordinate sharing of information on suspected militants and to give the new European Public Prosecutor powers to investigate terrorism offences. A European Defence Union, supported by NATO, to be ready by 2025. The EU is to propose ways to increase from 36 percent the rate of failed asylum seekers being deported back to their homelands. This is seen as essential to get member states to agree new rules on asylum to share out responsibilities and give more help to genuine refugees. Juncker wants states to make good on pledges of aid to Africa to promote growth and slow emigration. Romania and Bulgaria should be brought into the Schengen passport-free zone without delay and Croatia as soon as possible   part of a strategy to push all EU member states into all the bloc s structures, including the euro and banking union. After blasting carmakers   many of them German   for deliberately misleading consumers on the emissions of diesel vehicles, Juncker proposed an Industrial Policy Strategy to help industries stay or become  world leaders in innovation, digitization and decarbonization . While pointedly demanding that EU governments respect EU law and court judgments   a barb aimed mainly at ex-communist states in the east like Poland and Hungary   Juncker stressed that the poorer east must not be treated as second class.  He proposed efforts to ensure children are vaccinated to the highest standards across the bloc, fair pay and treatment for workers backed by a new Labour Authority and stronger national powers to punish companies which offer lower quality products in the east under the same labels as better produce in the west.  Slovaks do not deserve less fish in their fish fingers.  ",1
20204,EU's Juncker offers carrot and stick to eastern states,"STRASBOURG (Reuters) - European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker told the EU s eastern states on Wednesday he would fight for equal rights for their consumers, but their workers would not be allowed to unfairly undercut those in western members. Juncker extended an olive branch to the eurosceptic governments in Poland, Hungary, Slovakia and the Czech Republic in his annual speech on the state of the European Union, where east-west divisions have driven a painful wedge.  East to west: Europe must breathe with both lungs. Otherwise our continent will struggle for air,  Junker said.  In a union of equals, there can be no second class consumers. I will not accept that in some parts of Europe, people are sold food of lower quality than in other countries, despite the packaging and branding being identical.  Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Bulgaria and Romania have complained that food products sold by multinational producers on their markets are often of poorer quality than the same ones in the west. Juncker said national authorities would be given better legal instruments to root out such  illegal practices , an attempt to woo the reluctant easterners at a time when the EU needs unity as it negotiates over the complex terms of Britain s departure in 2019. In another gesture toward the eastern states, Juncker said it was time to let Bulgaria and Romania into the EU s Schengen zone of passport-free travel.  But he also said the bloc would go ahead with reforming its labor rules, which now allow workers from the poorer EU east to work in the wealthier west for low salaries. French President Emmanuel Macron has made ending this practice, which he says amounts to social dumping, a key priority. The eastern states are opposed, saying they should be allowed to compete in that way to catch up after decades of communist rule after World War Two. While the so-called  posted workers  only represent around one percent of the EU workforce, the issue has become sensitive. EU diplomats say the bloc will change the current rules, a plan also backed by Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg, in a move that could make it easier for Macron to carry out economic reforms at home by showing he is delivering for French workers.  In a Union of equals, there can be no second class workers. Workers should earn the same pay for the same work in the same place,  Juncker said, adding he would seek to establish an EU Labour Agency  for ensuring fairness in our single market.  Juncker said he was  saddened  with the refusal by the ex-communist eastern states to take in refugees arriving in the bloc to help their western and southern peers.  More than two years of bruising battles over migration have caused a lot of bad blood in the EU, spilling over to other policy areas and reinforcing calls from the west to cut generous EU funding for the eastern states who deny help.  But Juncker reserved his most pointed criticism for Poland and Hungary, where nationalist governments have clashed with the Brussels on multiple issues, including a contested judiciary overhaul in Poland and Hungary s continued rejection of refugees despite the bloc s top court ruling that they must be taken in.   The rule of law means that law and justice are upheld by an independent judiciary,  Juncker said.  The judgments of the European Court of Justice have to be respected by all.   To undermine them, or to undermine the independence of national courts, is to strip citizens of their fundamental rights. The rule of law is not optional in the European Union. It is a must.  As the EU contemplates deeper integration after Britain s departure, the eastern states - mostly outside the euro zone - fear they will be pushed out of the decision-making core and will lose out in a  multi-speed  EU. Juncker offered some reassurances on that, saying he did not favor a separate euro zone budget, or a euro zone finance minister, but closer ties between all 27 EU states remaining after Brexit.  ",1
20205,Northern Ireland leaders appeal to VP Pence on Bombardier challenge,"BELFAST (Reuters) - A dispute between Boeing Co (BA.N) and Canadian rival Bombardier (BBDb.TO) that risks thousands of jobs in Northern Ireland could impact peace in the region, the leaders of its two main parties warned U.S. Vice President Mike Pence.  British Prime Minister Theresa May has asked President Donald Trump to urge the world s largest aerospace company to drop its challenge against Bombardier, which could endanger a factory that employs 4,500 people in the British province. Bombardier is Northern Ireland s largest manufacturing employer and May s Conservatives are dependent on the support of the small Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) for their majority in parliament.  For a small economy such as ours, the significance of the contribution that Bombardier makes cannot be understated. The threat facing us as a result of the ongoing case is alarming, and goes much wider than it may immediately appear,  DUP leader Arlene Foster and Michelle O Neill of Sinn Fein said in letter to Pence, a copy of which was seen by Reuters.  The security of our economy has and continues to be a crucial part of our efforts in delivering peace through prosperity. At a time when we are striving to take the next steps in our work on the Peace Process, and resolve our current political difficulties, this issue creates a new and potentially critical factor.  Irish nationalists Sinn Fein and the pro-British DUP have for months tried in vain to re-establish a devolved power-sharing government, a key part of the 1998 peace deal that ended 30 years of sectarian violence in Northern Ireland. Washington played a key role in helping broker the deal. The parties confirmed that their leaders sent the letter, dated September 12.   Boeing this year asked the U.S. Commerce Department to investigate alleged subsidies and unfair pricing at Bombardier, accusing it of having sold 75 of its CSeries medium-range airliners to Delta Air Lines (DAL.N) at well below cost price. A U.S. trade court is due to give a preliminary ruling on Boeing s complaint on Sept. 25. ",1
20206,"French PM shrugs off labor protests, truckers call strike","PARIS (Reuters) - French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe has shrugged off nationwide protests against planned reforms to France s strict labor regulations, saying on Wednesday he was  listening  but would nonetheless press ahead with the bill. In a sign that popular protest could gain momentum, truck drivers belonging to France s second and third largest unions said they would launch a rolling strike on Sept 25 to force the government into a reversal. Trucker strikes previously brought large parts of France to a halt, hurting the economy.  More than 200,000 trade unionists turned out on Tuesday for the first mass protests against the labor market reforms on Tuesday, part of a series of measures on Macron s agenda for change. Others, including reform to the unemployment benefits and pension systems, are likely to be even more contested. The government plans to adopt the decrees on Sept. 22.    I am listening and I am paying attention. But let me state that the French, when they vote, also have a right to be treated with respect,  Philippe told France 2 television.  And the reform that we are putting in place was announced by the president at the time of his election.  Labor unions have thwarted previous attempts by governments on the political right and left to weaken France s strict labor code. In a change of tack, Macron s administration spent weeks negotiating its proposals with union bosses over the summer. Last month, the government set out measures including a cap on payouts for dismissals judged unfair and greater freedom for companies to hire and fire. The reform makes no direct reference to the 35-hour week, a totem of the labor code, though it hands firms more flexibility to set pay and working conditions. Macron, a 39-year-old former banker, inadvertently fueled worker anger when he declared on a trip to Athens that he  would cede no ground to slackers, cynics and hardliners.   The Elysee Palace said his comments were aimed at political leaders who had shirked ambitious reform in the past, but union leaders and political opponents on the left accused him of treating workers with contempt. Protesters in cities across France hit back too. In Paris some carried placards reading  Slacker on Strike  while in Bordeaux demonstrators chanted:  Macron you re screwed, the slackers are in the streets.  Jerome Verite, secretary general of the CGT union s transport federation on Wednesday told Reuters the truckers  strike would  last as long as necessary.   We re headed for a social disaster. We want the government to reverse course on its decrees,  he said. ",1
20207,Chinese sub docks at Malaysian port for second time this year,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - A Chinese submarine has docked in Malaysia, the second such visit to the Southeast Asian country this year, as western powers fret over China s expanding reach in the South China Sea. China claims nearly all the South China Sea, through which an estimated $3 trillion in international trade passes each year. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines and Taiwan also have claims. Tensions between China and Malaysia over their overlapping claims, however, appear to have eased after Malaysia agreed in November to buy four Chinese naval vessels and pledged with Beijing to handle South China Sea disputes bilaterally. The Royal Malaysian Navy confirmed the visit by the Chinese submarine, which docked at the Sepanggar naval base in the state of Sabah in Borneo between Friday and Monday. RMN chief Admiral Ahmad Kamarulzaman Ahmad Badaruddin said it was standard international procedure to welcome visits by foreign navy vessels,  based on each nation s request and upon diplomatic clearance .  This is part of our efforts to enhance defense diplomacy and strengthening bilateral relations,  he told Reuters. The submarine was escorted by a surface ship from the PLA Navy and was returning to China after conducting escort missions in the Gulf of Aden, according to defense magazine Jane s 360, which first reported the submarine s docking. In January, a Chinese submarine docked in Sepanggar, only the second confirmed visit of a Chinese submarine to a foreign port, according to state media. Chinese warships have also been calling at ports in Pakistan, Bangladesh and Myanmar, unnerving regional rival India. ",1
20208,"Indonesia tightens rules to curb money laundering, terror funding","JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia has issued new regulations aimed at curbing money laundering and terror-related financing across a broader range of financial service providers, including money changers, credit card issuers and electronic money providers.   The move is part of efforts by Indonesia to bring rules up to international standards and join the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), an inter-governmental body fighting money laundering.  Indonesia was taken off an FATF blacklist two years ago. The new regulations, issued by Bank Indonesia (BI), cover transactions handled by non-bank financial institutions and were made public on its website on Wednesday.  BI said the new rules balanced a need to contain the risks of money laundering and terrorism-related financial crimes and promoting economic growth. Eny V. Panggabean, BI s executive director of payment system regulation, said the rules also addressed  developments in the industry, digital economy and innovations in payments that include a more complex money changer business . The new BI regulations cover credit card issuers, electronic money providers, remittance and money transfer companies as well as fintech startups. Service providers now have to have an up-to-date list on alleged militants, radical organizations and individuals linked to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in order to cross check with customers.  They must also assess customer risks depending on the country origin of an incoming transfer or the destination of outgoing transfers, and must not engage with so-called shell banks, which don t have a physical presence in a country where they are incorporated. Companies should report anything suspicious to the financial transactions watchdog. A financial service provider that fails to follow the rules could have its license revoked and directors, commissioners or shareholders banned from the financial services business for five years. A similar regulation was introduced a few months ago by the Financial Services Authority (OJK) for financial conglomerates, banks, insurance companies and other bigger players in the industry. The OJK rules also elaborated on procedures to handle suspicious transactions. Indonesia was put on an FATF list of jurisdictions with weak measures to combat money laundering and terrorism financing in 2012. In 2015, the FATF declared Indonesia off the blacklist  due to progress in improving regulations. ",1
20209,Exclusive: Scandal-hit Vietnam official had been cleared by previous government,"(Reuters) - A former Vietnamese official who Germany says was kidnapped in Berlin to face charges in Hanoi over financial losses at a state construction firm had been cleared of wrongdoing by the previous government, according to documents seen by Reuters. The decision to re-open the case and aggressively pursue prosecution shows the tougher stance taken by the ruling Communist Party since Vietnam s security establishment emerged stronger from a power struggle last year in which ex-Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung lost out.  The party says it wants to tackle corruption but some critics have accused Vietnam s rulers of embarking on a witch-hunt following the launch of investigations implicating increasingly senior figures. The internal crackdown drew global attention last month when Germany accused Hanoi of kidnapping Trinh Xuan Thanh, a former official with state oil firm PetroVietnam. He was accused of financial mismanagement that caused losses of $150 million at PetroVietnam Construction (PVC) during the time he served as chairman from 2009 to 2013. But according to a letter dated May 18, 2015 from then trade minister Vu Huy Hoang to then Prime Minister Dung, the official had stated his responsibility but the government had not  found negative signs  relating to his actions.  Therefore, authorized agencies and units agreed not to take disciplinary action over Thanh,  it said, noting that he had moved to a role at the trade ministry, where he had worked hard to try to resolve the problems at PetroVietnam Construction.  Corrective work and post-inspection handling of PVC were done effectively and in accordance with the prime minister s requirements,  the letter said. Responding to questions about the letter and whether there would be further prosecutions over the case, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Le Thi Thu Hang said the party and state were resolute in dealing with corruption or lawbreaking by any organization or individual.  Based on the results of the investigation, the functional agencies shall strictly handle those who violate the law in accordance with the provisions of Vietnamese law,  she told Reuters. Reuters was unable to contact Thanh, former trade minister Hoang or former prime minister Dung either directly or through government offices. Thanh ran PetroVietnam Construction, a subsidiary of a sprawling state enterprise that is also involved in everything from oil and gas to power generation, ship building and insurance. After his return to Vietnam, Thanh was shown on state television saying that he had decided to surrender himself in order to face justice. The government has not said how he returned home. Thanh was a relatively junior figure among those who are under investigation in relation to PetroVietnam s dealings as well as in the banking sector. The most senior political casualty so far is Dinh La Thang, a former PetroVietnam chairman who was sacked from his role in the politburo. A vice-minister who had been responsible for appointing Thanh has also been sacked. Hoang has also been symbolically stripped of his title of former trade minister for violating state and party rules. Investigations continue into PetroVietnam and the trade ministry which oversaw it as well as into the central bank. There are widespread expectations that more members of Dung s administration will be prosecuted. Dung lost out last year in the battle to secure the post of Communist Party General Secretary, Vietnam s most powerful position. The post remained in the hands of Nguyen Phu Trong, whose modest public profile contrasts with the conspicuous wealth that some members of Dung s administration displayed.  Fighting and preventing corruption, waste and negativity are no longer handled slowly and case by case. It has become a movement,  Trong said in July. According to a survey by Transparency International conducted between July 2015 and January 2017, Vietnam had become the most bribery prone country in Asia after India and a majority of Vietnamese believed corruption had worsened. ",1
20210,"Erdogan adviser sees recovery in Turkey ties with Germany, EU","ANKARA (Reuters) - Ankara s relations with NATO ally Germany, hit by a deepening row, are expected to improve alongside a general upturn in ties with the EU early next year, boosting Turkish export and tourism prospects, an adviser to President Tayyip Erdogan told Reuters.  I expect more calm with Germany after the Sept. 24 (German) election. I expect tensions to ease,  Cemil Ertem, Erdogan s chief economic adviser, said in an interview on Tuesday. Turkish-German ties have come under pressure since Erdogan launched a crackdown after a failed coup last year. Germany has criticized mass arrests, refused to extradite people Turkey says were involved in the putsch and demanded the release of around a dozen German citizens arrested in recent months.   Turkey s relations with the European Union will be rapidly repaired from the first quarter of 2018. I think Turkey s exports to the EU will increase further,  Ertem said. The improvement in EU relations would also lead to a  very good year  for tourism in 2018, he said. The number of European tourists visiting Turkey has declined due to security concerns over the last couple of years. The economy would grow around 5.5-6 percent this year and around 5-7 percent next year, he said. Ertem dismissed concern about the level of the lira currency after another presidential adviser, Bulent Gedikli, said a stronger lira put exports at risk and called for the central bank to take action.  Given that we implement a floating rate regime, it is wrong to say that the exchange rate is low or dangerous. The market can make a very rapid correction,  he said, adding he was fine with the lira level set by the market. Ertem said the central bank was maintaining tight monetary policy and its use of an interest rate corridor enabled it to rapidly adjust the average cost of funding, rather than just depend on changes to the policy rate.  In this sense we should leave behind debate about whether the central bank will cut rates or not,  he said.  Everyone wants low interest rates, the real sector, banks, the TCMB and the political side,  he said, but added it was a matter for the central bank to deal with the  market reality . He said Turkey would continue to make use of its Credit Guarantee Fund and may seek to focus its allocation on high-tech and intermediate goods producers. In March the government raised the size of the fund, which guarantees loans to small and medium-sized enterprises, more than tenfold to 250 billion lira ($70 billion). The government will also take measures to ease inflationist pressures caused by the immediate goods imports and may provide  serious support  to Turkish producers of such goods, he said.   ",1
20211,UK police release new image of jogger in London bus mystery,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police released a new image on Wednesday in a fresh bid to trace a male jogger who appeared to push a woman into the path of an oncoming bus on a busy London street four months ago. Video footage of the apparently callous incident on Putney Bridge, southwest London, has been repeatedly screened on British television but the runner has yet to be found. Footage shows him jog past one man on the bridge on May 5 before knocking into the 33-year-old victim. She tumbled head-first into the path of an oncoming bus, which managed to swerve out of her way, missing her by inches. The new CCTV still was taken from the bus, and shows a white man in a gray top and dark shorts. Police said he came back the other way across the bridge 15 minutes later but did not acknowledge the victim when she tried to speak to him.  Images of this alarming incident have been circulated widely and we continue to work through the information received to identify the man responsible,  said Detective Sergeant Chris Griffith.  Two men arrested last month in connection with the incident have both been released without charge. ",1
20212,United States stops issuing some visas in Cambodia,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - The United States embassy in Cambodia said on Wednesday it had stopped issuing some types of visas to Cambodians because Cambodia is not taking back citizens the United States wants to deport. The new policy comes at a time that U.S. President Donald Trump s administration is trying to crack down on immigrants who are in the United States illegally. The U.S. embassy in Phnom Penh said the visa restrictions were applied in accordance with U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security rules applying to a country that refuses to accept or is unreasonably delaying the return of its nationals.  The Secretary of State must order consular officers to suspend issuing visas until informed by the Secretary of Homeland Security that the country in question has accepted the individuals,  an announcement from the embassy said. The embassy had discontinued issuing some visas for Cambodian foreign ministry employees above the rank of director general and their families, with limited exceptions, it said. The argument over the return of Cambodians deported from the United States is only one of many between the United States and Cambodia, which has accused detained opposition leader Kem Sokha of plotting treason with U.S. support. Earlier this year, Cambodia stopped accepting the deportation of Cambodian nationals who had been convicted of crimes in the United States, saying it wanted to renegotiate a settlement agreement on human rights grounds. Reacting to the visa announcement, government spokesman Phay Siphan said it showed the United States did not recognise human rights.  Cambodia still cooperates with the U.S.,  he said.  But while the U.S. tells the world that it respects human rights, in reality they don t. They just drop bombs to kill people. ",1
20213,"Singapore names first woman president, raising eyebrows over election process","SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore named a former speaker of parliament as the multicultural city-state s first woman president on Wednesday while critics expressed dismay that other candidates were disqualified and the election went uncontested. Aiming to strengthen a sense of inclusivity, Singapore had decreed the presidency, a largely ceremonial six-year post, would be reserved for candidates from the minority Malay community this time. The returning officer declared Halimah Yacob, 63, elected on Wednesday after nominations closed. Of the four other applicants, two were not Malays and two were not qualified to contest, the elections department said on Monday. Halimah had automatically qualified because she held a senior public post for over three years. If the election had been held, all citizens would have been eligible to vote. Several critics went online to protest against the stringent eligibility rules, which include a stipulation that a candidate from the private sector should have headed a company with paid-up capital of at least S$500 million ($370 million). The prime minister s office said it had no comment on   criticism of the election process.  It would have restored some of the lost moral authority by her winning against credible opponents through popular votes,  said opposition politician Yee Jenn Jong in a blog post.  She is, after all, a veteran in elections and has won handsomely in the four general elections she stood in.  The rights group Association of Women for Action and Research (AWARE) said it hoped  more will be done to improve access to politics for all of Singapore s women .  Unfortunately, the process that led to this outcome has not reflected our hopes,  it said in a statement posted online. Displays of dissent are rare in Singapore, one of the richest and most politically stable countries in the world. It has been ruled by the People s Action Party (PAP) since independence in 1965 and the current prime minister, Lee Hsien Loong, is the son of the country s founding father Lee Kuan Yew. In the 2015 general election   held months after the death of Lee Kuan Yew   the PAP won almost 70 per cent of the popular vote and swept all but six of parliament s 89 seats. The incoming president, who is to be sworn in on Thursday, appeared unfazed by the controversy.  Although this is a reserved election, I m not a reserved president,  Halimah said in a speech at the election nominations office.  I m a president for everyone.  Whether or not there is an election or no election, my promise is to serve everyone and I will serve with great vigor, with a lot of hard work, with the same passion and commitment.  ",1
20214,"Japan's 'Dennis Rodman', ex-wrestler Inoki, urges lower tensions over North Korea","TOKYO (Reuters) - The standoff over North Korea could lead to  nuclear war , a Japanese pro-wrestler turned lawmaker warned on Wednesday, urging nations to dial down the tension after the isolated country fired a missile over northern Japan last month. Tokyo could play a role in mediating with its neighbor, said the 74-year-old Antonio Inoki, who is known for fighting boxer Muhammad Ali four decades ago.  We are seeing a situation where each raises his fist and the situation is escalating,  Inoki, who recently returned from his 32nd visit to Pyongyang, told a news conference, wearing his signature red scarf.  It s important to see who can be the first to lower his fist and reduce the tension,  said Inoki, who, like U.S. basketball star Dennis Rodman, has made numerous visits to North Korea. Pyongyang must commit to denuclearization as a prerequisite for talks, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said in an interview with the Nikkei business daily published on Wednesday.  On Monday, the U.N. Security Council voted to tighten sanctions on the North over its sixth nuclear test. During meetings with North Korea s top diplomat Ri Su Yong and others on his visit, Inoki proposed that Japan s ruling Liberal Democratic Party send a delegation to Pyongyang, perhaps as a first step toward a visit by Abe, he added.  I did make the proposal and was told they would be happy to receive such a delegation,  said Inoki, who strode into the news conference as if entering the ring, his theme song blaring. Inoki said he sensed more LDP members were beginning to think dialogue was needed, but admitted the hurdle to an Abe visit was high.  Abe and other Japanese officials have said now was the time for pressure, not dialogue. The square-jawed, 1.9-metre- (6-foot-three-inch-) tall Inoki developed close ties with North Korea because his mentor, pro-wrestling legend Rikidozan, hailed from North Korea but could never go home. First elected to parliament s upper house in 1989 from his  Sports and Peace Party , Inoki made headlines the next year when he went to Iraq during the Gulf War and intervened on behalf of Japanese hostages, who were subsequently released. Inoki was elected again in 2013 as an independent. Like Rodman, he says it is vital to maintain lines of communication with the isolated North.   It s important to keep the door open,  Inoki said. ",1
20215,New Slovak education minister appointed after coalition crisis,"BRATISLAVA (Reuters) - Slovakia s president appointed on Wednesday the candidate of a junior coalition party as new education minister, defusing a month-long political crisis that had threatened the survival of the most pro-European Union government in central Europe. Martina Lubyova is the candidate of the Slovak National Party (SNS), a member of the ruling coalition that also includes Prime Minister Robert Fico s leftist Smer party and the ethnic Hungarian party Most-Hid. The SNS rattled the coalition on Aug. 7 by withdrawing its support for the government and calling for a new deal that would boost its role in decision-making. The conflict then escalated when Fico asked then-education minister Peter Plavcan of the SNS to resign after criticism from the European Commission that the ministry had chosen several companies with no history in research or innovation as recipients of EU subsidies aimed at supporting science. SNS leader Andrej Danko denied any funds had been misappropriated but agreed to replace Plavcan. Lubyova is a former director of forecasting at the Slovak Academy of Sciences. A new coalition deal struck this week also establishes regular weekly meetings and new communication rules within the coalition. They will be tested next month when the government is set to discuss a budget framework for the next three years. SNS has argued for more government investment to revitalize thermal spa resorts and wants to set up a national airline for Slovakia, a euro zone member state, but Smer says spending must not endanger the goal of reaching a balanced budget by 2019.   The government needs the votes of all three coalition parties to maintain its majority in the 150-seat parliament. ",1
20216,"Give us some clarity on Brexit, French minister Griveaux tells UK","LONDON (Reuters) - The British government needs to provide more clarity and less ambiguity on Brexit for negotiations to succeed, French junior economy minister Benjamin Griveaux said during a visit to London on Wednesday. Asked what impact a  no-deal Brexit  scenario would have on France, Griveaux told reporters that it would be felt by the whole of Europe, but would be even worse for Britain.  If it goes wrong, it will go wrong for everyone,  he said. Griveaux, who helped President Emmanuel Macron set up the En Marche political movement that propelled him to power in May, is part of the 39-year old leader s inner circle. He was in London to meet company executives, predominantly in the financial services industry, with a view to persuading them to move some of their operations to France after Brexit. Griveaux declined to give details of any potential corporate moves, saying that it was for companies to make announcements about their own plans. Griveaux said he was confident that Paris, which has been a minor financial center dwarfed by London for decades, would be more prominent in future.  In five to 10 years, Paris will be the first financial place in continental Europe,  he said.  London will remain an important and major financial place for sure.  ",1
20217,Former assistant accuses exiled Chinese tycoon of rape in lawsuit,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A former personal assistant to an exiled Chinese-born billionaire, who has made claims of high-level Communist Party corruption, has filed a lawsuit in New York accusing him of raping her, court documents show. In the civil complaint lodged with the New York Supreme Court on Monday, the 28-year-old woman said she was  lured  by the businessman, Guo Wengui, to New York under the guise of a one-week business trip. Instead, she was held  captive  and ultimately subjected to  repeated acts of mental cruelty and sexual violence , the suit says. She is seeking $140 million in compensation. Guo, who lives in New York, denied the accusation, describing it as  fake . The complaint says the woman is a Chinese national who was employed by one of Guo s China-based companies. She was told upon arrival in New York that she would work as one of the real estate tycoon s personal assistants, the complaint, reviewed by Reuters, says. It said Guo, also known as Miles Kwok,  forcibly took away  the woman s passport, threatened her, monitored her internet usage and restricted access to her phone and laptop computer. The woman said she was subjected to verbal and physical abuse, which soon escalated to sexual assault, before she managed to escape to the Chinese embassy in London during a business trip with Guo. After her return to China, the woman provided a statement and evidence of her allegations to police in China, the lawsuit said, without detailing the evidence. The Associated Press reported late last month that Chinese police were investigating the woman s claims. Guo refuted the accusation.  Of course it s fake,  he told Reuters. He said the  robbers of the country  engineered the allegations to  divert my attention, spread rumors and smear my reputation.  Guo, who left China in 2014, has named senior Communist Party officials in a deluge of graft accusations via Twitter posts and video blogs, attracting a loyal online following. He has provided little evidence for his claims. China calls Guo a criminal suspect, and articles in state media have accused him of crimes including bribery, fraud and embezzlement. At China s request, Interpol issued a global  red notice  for Guo s repatriation in April. Guo lodged an application for political asylum in the United States last week. ",1
20218,Israel endorses independent Kurdish state,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel supports the establishment of a Kurdish state, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Wednesday, as Kurds in Iraq gear up for a referendum on independence that lawmakers in Baghdad oppose. Israel has maintained discreet military, intelligence and business ties with the Kurds since the 1960s, viewing the minority ethnic group   whose indigenous population is split between Iraq, Turkey, Syria and Iran   as a buffer against shared Arab adversaries. On Tuesday, Iraq s Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani said he would press ahead with the Sept. 25 referendum despite a vote by Iraq s parliament rejecting it.  (Israel) supports the legitimate efforts of the Kurdish people to achieve their own state,  Netanyahu said, in remarks sent to foreign correspondents by his office. Western powers are concerned a plebiscite in Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdish region - including the oil-rich city of Kirkuk - could divert attention from the war against Islamic State militants. Netanyahu said Israel does however consider the Turkey-based Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) a terrorist group, taking the same position as Turkey, the United States and the European Union. An Israeli general told a conference in Washington last week that he personally did not regard the PKK, whose militants have been fighting Turkey for more than three decades, as a terrorist group. Netanyahu, who is due to address the U.N. General Assembly on Sept. 19, voiced support for  the Kurds  aspirations for independence  in a speech in 2014, saying they deserve  political independence . His latest remarks appeared to be a more direct endorsement of the creation of a Kurdish state. But they will cut little ice in Baghdad, which has no diplomatic relations with Israel and has strong ties with Israel s arch-foe Iran. Iraq s neighbors   Turkey, Iran and Syria   oppose the referendum, fearing it could fan separatism among their own ethnic Kurdish populations. Kurds have sought an independent state since at least the end of World War One, when colonial powers divided up the Middle East after the collapse of the multi-ethnic Ottoman Empire. ",1
20219,"China issues guidelines to curb money laundering, terrorism financing and tax evasion","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s state council issued guidelines on Wednesday on improving supervision to curb money laundering, terrorism financing and tax evasion. China will step up monitoring of abnormal cross-border capital movements to crackdown on cross-border financial crimes, the state council said in a statement on its website, adding that it will implement U.N. Security Council resolutions against terrorism financing. ",1
20220,U.N. seeks 'massive' aid boost amid Rohingya 'emergency within an emergency',"KUTUPALONG CAMP, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Aid agencies have to step up operations  massively  in response to the arrival in Bangladesh of about 400,000 refugees fleeing violence in Myanmar, and the amount of money needed to help them has risen sharply, a senior U.N. official said on Wednesday. The exodus of Muslim Rohingya to Bangladesh began on Aug. 25 after Rohingya militants attacked about 30 police posts and an army camp. The attacks triggered a sweeping military counter-offensive by security forces in Buddhist-majority Myanmar which the U.N. rights agency said was a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing .  We will all have to ramp up our response massively, from food to shelter,  George William Okoth-Obbo, assistant high commissioner for operations at the U.N. refugee agency, told Reuters during a visit to the Kutupalong refugee camp in Bangladesh.  The United Nations said on Tuesday 370,000 people had crossed into Bangladesh but Okoth-Obbo estimated the figure was now 400,000. He declined to speculate on how many more might come. Bangladesh was already home to about 400,000 Rohingya, who fled earlier conflict in Myanmar including a similar security crackdown in western Myanmar s Rakhine state in response to militant attacks in October. Many of the new arrivals are hungry and sick, without shelter or clean water in the middle of the rainy season.  We have an emergency within an emergency with conditions in existing camps,  he said, pointing to a mud-clogged road in the camp. Last week, the United Nations appealed for $77 million to cope with the crisis but Okoth-Obbo said that would not now be enough.  The appeal that was issued of $77 million on behalf of the aid agencies was based on the situation as it was roughly about two weeks ago,  he said.  There were only 100,000 people then. We are already four times that figure now. The funds need clearly is going to continue.  He declined to say how much he thought was needed. He also declined to say if he thought aid agencies were getting proper access to the conflict zone in Myanmar, though he said it was important to ensure that people were safe where they were.  Of course, also that access is provided to all the responders to provide humanitarian assistance,  he added. Myanmar has restricted most aid agency access to the north of Rakhine. Some officials have accused aid agencies of supporting the insurgents. Okoth-Obbo said he agreed with the Bangladeshi position that the most important solution was for the refugees to be able to return home in safety. Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said on Tuesday the refugees would all have to go home and Myanmar should set up safe zones to enable them to do so.  Under difficult circumstances this country has kept its borders open,  Okoth-Obbo said of Bangladesh.  All of us should support that and ensure that the response is strong.  (Story corrects paragraph 2 reference to ethnic cleansing, not genocide.) ",1
20221,Al Qaeda warns Myanmar of 'punishment' over Rohingya,"YANGON (Reuters) - Al Qaeda militants have called for support for Myanmar s Rohingya Muslims, who are facing a security crackdown that has sent about 400,000 of them fleeing to Bangladesh, warning that Myanmar would face  punishment  for its  crimes . The exodus of Muslim refugees from Buddhist-majority Myanmar was sparked by a fierce security force response to a series of Rohingya militant attacks on police and army posts in the country s west on Aug. 25. The Islamist group behind the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the Untied States issued a statement urging Muslims around the world to support their fellow Muslims in Myanmar with aid, weapons and  military support .  The savage treatment meted out to our Muslim brothers ... shall not pass without punishment,  al Qaeda said in a statement, according to the SITE monitoring group.   The government of Myanmar shall be made to taste what our Muslim brothers have tasted.  Myanmar says its security forces are engaged in a legitimate campaign against  terrorists , whom it blames for attacks on the police and army, and on civilians. The government has warned of bomb attacks in cities, and al Qaeda s call to arms is likely to compound those concerns.  We call upon all mujahid brothers in Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, and the Philippines to set out for Burma to help their Muslim brothers, and to make the necessary preparations   training and the like - to resist this oppression,  the group said.  ",1
20222,South Korea confirms traces of radioactive gas from North Korea's nuclear test,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea said on Wednesday traces of radioactive xenon gas  were confirmed to be from a North Korean nuclear test earlier this month, but it was unable to conclude whether the test had been a hydrogen bomb as Pyongyang claimed. North Korea conducted its sixth nuclear test on Sept. 3, prompting the U.N. Security Council to step up sanctions with a ban on the reclusive regime s textile exports and a cap on fuel supplies.  The Nuclear Safety and Security Commission (NSSC) said its land-based xenon detector in the northeastern part of the country found traces of xenon-133 isotope on nine occasions, while its mobile equipment off the country s east coast detected traces of the isotope four times.  It was difficult to find out how powerful the nuclear test was with the amount of xenon detected, but we can say the xenon was from North Korea,  Choi Jongbae, executive commissioner, told a news conference in Seoul.  The commission could not confirm what kind of nuclear test the North conducted, he added. Xenon is a naturally occurring, colorless gas that is used in manufacturing of some sorts of lights. But the detected xenon-133 is a radioactive isotope that does not occur naturally and which has been linked to North Korea s nuclear tests in the past.  The NSSC also said the xenon traces detected had no impact on South Korea s environment and population.  (Story refiles to correct typo in last paragraph.) ",1
20223,"Philippine president's Senate foes, allies vow to block budget cut for rights body","MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte s critics and allies in the Senate vowed on Wednesday to block a lower house move to slash the annual budget of a public-funded human rights agency opposed to his bloody war on drugs to just $20. The house, dominated by Duterte s supporters, voted on Tuesday to allocate a 2018 budget of just 1,000 pesos ($20) to the Commission on Human Rights (CHR), which has investigated hundreds of killings during the president s ferocious anti-narcotics crackdown. Vice President Leni Robredo, who was not Duterte s running mate and has locked horns with him numerous times, said the lawmakers  move effectively abolishes the CHR, a constitutional body. Duterte s signature campaign has left thousands of mostly urban poor Filipinos dead. Critics say the lawmakers are trying to retaliate against the CHR for pursuing allegations of executions by police during sting operations, which police deny.  The CHR is among the domestic and foreign rights groups that Duterte frequently admonishes, accusing them of lecturing him and disregarding Filipinos who are victims of crimes stemming from drug addiction. The upper house minority bloc, composed of six staunch critics of the president, will seek to restore the 678 million peso budget the government and a Senate sub-committee had proposed for the CHR. Senator Risa Hontiveros described the plan to cut the budget to almost nil as  a shameless rejection of the country s international and national commitments to champion human rights . Several allies of Duterte in the 24-seat chamber said they would scrutinize the house move and try to ensure the commission had a budget that would allow it to work properly. Senator Richard Gordon said the CHR had a job to do and should not be restricted.   That is their role - to expose possible abuses,  he said. Another legislator, JV Ejercito said senators would not make the CHR impotent.  The CHR is in the thick of things and very relevant nowadays and probably even next year and the years to follow because of what s happening,  he said in a statement. Duterte once threatened to abolish the CHR after its chief, Chito Gascon, sought to investigate alleged abuses by police anti-drugs units. Duterte on Tuesday appeared to distance himself from the lawmakers proposing the meager budget. He said CHR was constitutionally created and should probe whatever it wants, adding he was  not here to destroy institutions .  He had it coming. He opens his mouth in a most inappropriate way. He knows nothing,  Duterte said, referring to Gascon.  The congressmen are really angry. I have nothing against him. Give them a budget for all I care, whatever he likes to investigate.  ",1
20224,Northern Ireland fears Brexit loss of EU peacemaking and cash,"BELFAST (Reuters) - The European Union has long aided efforts to heal the deep divisions that plague Northern Ireland, and many people on both sides of the sectarian rift fear what might happen when Brexit forces it to walk away.  Since a 1998 peace deal ended three decades of violence between Protestant pro-British unionists and Catholic Irish nationalists, in which 3,600 died, the EU has pumped about 1.5 billion euros ($1.8 billion) into projects to shore up that peace - more than any other body apart from the British state. It has enjoyed broad support and influence as a force viewed by both sides as a neutral broker separate from the British government, which is distrusted by many nationalists, and the Irish government, distrusted by many unionists. It has been able to take on projects others shy away from, such as the reintegration of former militants, both IRA and pro-union loyalists, and support for relatives of dead fighters.      Brexit is already rattling the region by raising concerns it will lead to a hard border with EU member Ireland. For some in both communities, the idea of a new, rigid frontier stirs painful memories of the British Army watchtowers and checkpoints that peppered the border during the decades of bloodshed.  It s a very fragile situation here, and in Westminster there seems to be a lack of consideration for Northern Ireland,  said Kate Clifford, director of the Rural Community Network, a community group that has received peace funding in the past.  Without a (EU) peace program behind that, without the impetus of the external force that is Europe, that honest broker, things will become very difficult,  she said.   While no one expects a return to the widespread violence of Northern Ireland s  Troubles  of the 1960s to 1990s, sectarian tensions still run high and intermittingly erupt into rioting.   Some British ministers argue that savings from leaving the bloc would allow the government to match all EU funding and last month British Prime Minister Theresa May said that her government would consider replacing that European money.  Yet London has offered no guarantees and, with Brexit negotiations between London and Brussels in their infancy, there is little certainty about how leaving the bloc will affect Britain s finances.   The British government s Northern Ireland office and the EU s Belfast office declined to comment. Since the EU s Northern Ireland PEACE program was founded in 1995, funded groups have worked with hundreds of thousands of Northern Ireland s 1.8 million citizens on conflict resolution, anti-sectarianism and supporting victims.  By the end of its latest funding drive, it will have pumped in 1.5 billion euros. This makes it by far the largest funder of organizations working on peace projects outside the British government, which has provided several billion euros worth of funds to the sector but does not provide a single figure for its investment.  For many such groups, the EU represents their largest single source of funds.  The EU has separately funded major infrastructure projects to the tune of billions of euros, including the 250-metre pedestrian bridge that links the mainly Protestant and Catholic sides of the River Foyle at Londonderry, the city where many see  The Troubles  of having first exploded in 1969.  While critics have at times questioned whether the bloc has spread its resources too thinly, its role is widely acknowledged as transformative for the region, particularly funding groups that have worked with thousands of former fighters and relatives of militants who died in the conflict.    A lot of energy was put in to supporting the process whereby these groups which were previously killing each other were working together,  said Avila Kilmurray, who managed EU PEACE funding for the reintegration of prisoners from the conflict from 1994-2014, as director of the Community Foundation for Northern Ireland.   The danger is that if there is that hiatus in terms of funding that makes it (the cooperation) much more difficult to actually maintain.   Many community workers voiced scepticism that Northern Ireland, already one of the British regions receiving the highest level of taxpayers  money, will remain a priority for the British government in the upheaval of Brexit.   In this work, I have met no one who actually believes that the Tory government care enough  to match the funding, said Kieran McEvoy, a professor at Queen s University Belfast s Institute of Conflict Transformation. At Belfast s most notorious flashpoint area - the streets between the fiercely loyalist Shankill Road and the nationalist Falls Road - former militants from both sides now work together.  Some bring children from both communities on joint holidays and contact each other during street trouble to try to calm the situation when matters start to get out of control. EU funding has been  absolutely critical  for projects that involve ex-militants, said Seanna Breathnach, a former IRA member. He works for the Coiste, which helps former fighters reintegrate into society and get jobs after leaving prison.   Activists say former prisoners have been able to influence the kind of young men who might be tempted to join dissident militants opposed to the peace deal.   The key is that young people are not sucked in - that we stop the glamorizing of violence that some people do,  Breathnach said.  Post-Brexit, activists say they will be faced with two main problems: convincing the British political establishment that Northern Ireland still needs a disproportionate level of state spending two decades after the peace; and to ensure Northern Irish politicians don t shy away from difficult projects. Kenny Donaldson is director of the South East Fermanagh Foundation, a support group for victims of militancy which gets 40-50 percent of its funding from the EU.  His fear, he said, was that many in the British political establishment did not appreciate how fragile Northern Ireland remained, with communities still harboring deep distrust of each other  We have to make that step from coexistence in isolation to meaningful integration,  he said.  While you only have coexistence you are too close to violence.   ",1
20225,More than 50 arrested for looting in Miami during Irma: police,"MIAMI (Reuters) - Miami area police arrested more than 50 suspected looters during Hurricane Irma, including 26 people who were accused of breaking into a single Wal-Mart (WMT.N> store, authorities said on Tuesday. City officials on Tuesday lifted a local 7 p.m. to 7 a.m. curfew that had been in place since Sunday. As normality began to return, police commanders said officers will work 12-hour shifts, 24 hours a day, to discourage any more criminality.  I said we would not tolerate criminal activity or looting or anybody who takes advantage of our residents,  Deputy Chief of Police Luis Cabrera said at a news conference.  I was not joking.  The Wal-Mart incident took place on Saturday night at a store on the north side of the City of Miami, said Miami-Dade Police Department spokesman Alvaro Zabaleta. Among others suspected of looting were six men arrested on Monday and accused of breaking into stores at the Midtown Miami shopping complex, near the fashionable Wynwood district, before making off with merchandise that included shoes, bags and laptops. The looting attempts spanned the city, said Miami Mayor Tomas Regalado, from the well-heeled Brickell and downtown neighborhoods to the low-income Liberty City and Little Haiti areas. He said police will stay vigilant as the cleanup goes on. Officers have also been busy trawling roads that can be perilous for motorists because power cuts shut off traffic lights at intersections and streets have accumulated shredded vegetation spread by the storm s powerful winds.  We have never experienced, not even with Hurricane Andrew, the amount of trees that are downed in the city,  Regalado told the news conference. Hurricane Andrew hit Florida in 1992.  Since Irma began bearing down on the state late last week, authorities have been warning any would-be looters against taking advantage of the situation. Rick Maglione, the police chief of Fort Lauderdale, about 30 miles (48 km) north of Miami, told residents to stay home during the storm and look after their loved ones.  Going to prison over a pair of sneakers is a fairly bad life choice,  Maglione said in a statement. Miami police posted a photo on Facebook of several accused looters sitting in a jail cell under the caption:  Thinking about looting? Ask these guys how that turned out. #stayindoors.  ",1
20226,"Iran arrests Islamic State member, foils attacks: Revolutionary Guards","(Reuters) - The Iranian Revolutionary Guards arrested a member of Islamic State and foiled a plan for suicide attacks, a Guards commander said on Wednesday. Col. Amin Yamini, the Guards commander for the western Tehran suburb of Shahriar, did not say when the arrest was made but said the attacks were being planned for a 10-day Shi ite religious holiday that begins next week. The Islamic State member arrested was from the Syrian branch of the militant Sunni organization and had planned to organize about 300 people to carry out suicide attacks, Yamini said, according to Basij Press, the news site for the Tehran branch of the Guards. On June 7, Islamic State attacked the parliament in Tehran and the mausoleum of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the founder of the Islamic Republic, south of the capital, killing 18 people and wounding more than 40. Iran has blamed Saudi Arabia for being behind the deadly attacks. Riyadh has denied any involvement. The Revolutionary Guards fired several missiles at Islamic State bases in Syria on June 18 in response to that attack. According to Yamini, the Guards tracked the Islamic State organizer, who had a cell phone and satellite phone, and set up a meeting with him in the western Tehran suburb of Andisheh by posing as Islamic State members. When the person showed up, he was arrested. Valuable information has been gleaned from his cell phone, Yamini said, according to Basij Press. ",1
20227,Britain's May presses Northern Ireland leaders to restore power-sharing government,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May has spoken with the leaders of Northern Ireland s two main parties to press them to restore a power-sharing government that collapsed in January. Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and its nationalist rivals Sinn Fein have failed so far to agree on how to reform the devolved administration, limiting the province s influence in Brexit negotiations. A government spokeswoman said on Wednesday that May had made separate phone calls to DUP leader Arlene Foster and the leader of Sinn Fein in Northern Ireland, Michelle O Neill, to make clear  the importance of restoring a power-sharing executive to Northern Ireland as soon as possible .  They discussed key outstanding issues that remain for both parties and the prime minister encouraged both leaders to come to an agreement soon in the interests of everyone in Northern Ireland.  ",1
20228,Five crew missing after dredger collides with tanker off Singapore,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Five crew members of a Dominican-registered dredger were missing after a collision with an Indonesian-registered tanker in Singapore s territorial waters on Wednesday, Singapore s Marine Port Authority (MPA) said. The missing include four Chinese nationals and one Malaysian, the MPA said. Seven other Chinese nationals have been rescued, it said. The dredger capsized and is currently partially submerged, while the tanker reported damage to her starboard, MPA said. Singapore authorities are conducting search and rescue operations and the Singapore Navy has deployed three patrol craft. The Singapore Air Force has also deployed a helicopter to conduct an aerial search, the MPA said. It said there had been no disruption to shipping traffic in the Singapore Strait. ",1
20229,Turkey orders 79 school employees detained in post-coup probe: NTV,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish authorities issued detention warrants for 79 former school employees on Wednesday over alleged links to last year s failed military coup, broadcaster NTV said. They were suspected of using ByLock, an encrypted messaging app which the government says was used by the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom it accuses of orchestrating the abortive putsch in July 2016. The suspects worked at private schools and tutor schools which prepared students for university entrance exams, many of which used to be run by supporters of Gulen.   Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in the United States since 1999, has denied involvement and condemned the coup attempt. Since the coup attempt some 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the public and private sectors, including some who worked at schools founded by his supporters,  and more than 50,000 have been detained for alleged links to it. The crackdown has alarmed rights groups and some of Turkey s Western allies, who fear the government is using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government, however, says Gulen s network deeply infiltrated Turkey s institutions - the army, schools and courts - and only a massive purge could neutralize the threat. ",1
20230,"Trump, Malaysia's Najib skirt round U.S. probe into 1MDB scandal","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump welcomed Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak to the White House on Tuesday, praising his country for investing in the United States while steering clear of an American investigation into a Malaysian corruption scandal. The visit is important for Najib, who faces elections next year and wants to signal he is still welcome at the White House despite a criminal probe by the U.S. Justice Department into a state fund called 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB). Flanked by top advisers in the Cabinet Room, Najib told Trump that Malaysia Airlines would buy 25 Boeing 737 jets and eight 787 Dreamliners, and would probably add another 25 737s in the near future - a deal he said would be worth more than $10 billion within five years.  Najib said Malaysia s Employees Provident Fund, a major pension fund, wanted to spend $3 billion to $4 billion on U.S. infrastructure development. Najib enjoyed close ties with Trump s predecessor, Barack Obama, playing golf in Hawaii in 2014, but relations cooled over human rights issues as well as the 1MDB scandal. Najib founded the fund, which is facing money laundering probes in at least six countries including the United States, Switzerland and Singapore. He denies wrongdoing.  The U.S. Justice Department has said more than $4.5 billion was misappropriated from 1MDB by high-level officials of the fund and their associates, according to dozens of civil lawsuits it filed last year.  The Justice Department sued to seize some $1.7 billion in assets it said were bought with misappropriated 1MDB funds, but asked for a stay on its civil lawsuits in August because it was conducting a related criminal probe. The White House had said it would not comment on the Justice Department investigation but a senior U.S. official acknowledged it was unusual to meet with Najib while 1MDB was under regulatory scrutiny.  It s a weird situation, no doubt,  the official said, explaining that the administration has prioritized developing relations with Southeast Asia to counter  huge gains  China has made in the region. Najib and his delegation stayed at the Trump International Hotel, according to several U.S. media reports, but the White House dismissed questions about the stay.   We certainly don t book their hotel accommodations, so I couldn t speak to the personal decision they made about where to stay here in D.C.,  White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said. In a speech to U.S. business leaders, Najib said opposition politicians had blown the 1MDB scandal out of proportion in a failed attempt to topple his government.  I know that some of you will have heard some less positive stories about the Malaysian economy, particularly about 1MDB,  Najib said.   Indeed, there was a campaign to deliberately sabotage the company   and undermine investor confidence in our economy   in a failed attempt to topple the government in-between election cycles.  He also said Malaysia s investigations into 1MDB revealed there had been some  failings . The U.S. lawsuits had alleged $681 million of the misappropriated funds from 1MDB was transferred to the account of  Malaysian Official 1 , which U.S. and Malaysian sources have previously identified as Najib. A Malaysian government investigation has cleared him of any wrongdoing. Najib s invitation to the White House was slammed by several rights groups who had urged the Trump administration to bring up Najib s record of cracking down on the media and others critics. Trump sees Malaysia, a majority Muslim nation, as an ally in its fight against Islamic militancy. It is also wants it to cut ties with North Korea.  He does not do business with North Korea any longer, and we find that to be very important,  Trump said referring to Najib. Ties between Malaysia and North Korea soured after North Korean leader Kim Jong Un s half brother was assassinated in Kuala Lumpur this year. It was also discovered that North Korea was using Malaysia as a base for its arms export and other businesses, that funneled money to Pyongyang. Before their meeting, Trump praised Najib for his tough stand on Islamic State.  He s been very, very strong on terrorism in Malaysia, and a great supporter from that standpoint.  For a graphic on Malaysia's 1MDB scandal, click: here ",1
20231,China says futile to use trial of Taiwanese activist to attack Chinese law,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Attacks on China s legal or political system using the trial of Taiwanese activist Lee Ming-che will prove futile, China s Taiwan Affairs Office said on Wednesday after Lee s wife and supporters rejected the authority of the court that tried him. Lee, a community college teacher known for his pro-democracy and rights activism, went missing on a trip to mainland China in March. Chinese authorities later confirmed that he was being investigated on suspicion of damaging national security. Lee confessed on Monday to attempting to subvert the Beijing government, according to videos of his hearing released by Chinese authorities. His wife and supporters said the trial was not fair and that they did not recognize the court s authority. An Fengshan, a spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs office, told a regular briefing that  any attempts to use this case for political means, to influence or slander the mainland s handling of the case in accordance with the law, or to attack the mainland s political or legal systems will all be futile . The legal rights of Lee and his family had been upheld and guaranteed, he said. A meeting between Lee and his wife and mother had been arranged after the hearing at the request of his family, An said. The hearing process was broadcast by the court in videos and on social media website Weibo in what An said was an  open  trial. Activists who had traveled to Yueyang to support Lee said after the trial they had been barred from attending, saying that was proof the case was not truly open or fair. Releasing videos and transcripts of court hearings has become increasingly common in China as part of a push for greater judicial transparency and oversight. However, rights activists say that holding  open  trials in sensitive cases allows authorities to demonstrate state power as a deterrence, with statements and verdicts usually agreed in advance. Ties between Beijing and Taipei have been strained since President Tsai Ing-wen, leader of the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party, took office last year. Tsai s refusal to say that Taiwan and China are part of one country has angered Beijing, as have her comments about human rights on the mainland. Beijing maintains that Taiwan is part of China and has never renounced the use of force to bring it under its control. Proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being governed by the Communist Party rulers in Beijing. ",1
20232,"Trapped by landmines and a creek, Rohingya languish in no-man's land","COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh Reuters) - Until late last month, Syed Karim grew rice and sugarcane on a strip of unclaimed land along the international border where Myanmar ends and Bangladesh begins.  On Aug. 25, the 26-year-old Rohingya Muslim man abandoned his home in a nearby Myanmar village and moved to the no-man s land, fleeing a crackdown by the military against his community in response to militant attacks. An estimated 370,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since that day. But Karim and thousands of his neighbors from Rohingya villages near the border face a unique predicament. They have fled to the safety of the buffer zone along the border and are now stuck. Bangladesh security forces have instructions to not let them in, said Monzurul Hassan Khan, a Bangladesh border guard officer.  Some of the Rohingya there said they are too afraid to go back to their homes but not ready to abandon them altogether and become refugees in Bangladesh.  I can see my house but can t go there,  said Karim, whose Taung Pyo Let Yar village could be seen from his shack in the no-man s land. The top U.N. human rights official has called Myanmar s operations against the Rohingya as  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing  and the Security Council is to meet behind closed doors on Wednesday to discuss the situation. The 40-acre (16.2-hectare) buffer zone, about the size of 40 soccer pitches, is strung along the border, with a barbed wire fence on the Myanmar side and a creek on the other.  Hundreds of tarpaulin bamboo shacks have come up on what used to be a paddy field, with hills in the south. Khan said 8,000 to 10,000 Rohingya had camped there. The UN refugee agency, which runs camps in Bangladesh, doesn t go there because of security reasons, said Vivian Tan, a spokeswoman for UNHCR. Tan said that they work with some NGOs to provide people in the area with plastic sheets and clothing.  Myanmar has laid landmines on its side of the border, which have wounded at least four people, Bangladesh authorities and Rohingya refugees said.     Buddhist-majority Myanmar says its security forces are fighting a legitimate campaign against  terrorists  it blames for the attacks on the security forces.        Several Bangladesh officials said they suspected that about 100 fighters from the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), the insurgents who attacked Myanmar police posts and an army base on Aug. 25, have also been spotted in the border area. Bangladeshi security officials said they learned from informers that suspected ARSA fighters were in the area early last week, after the Eid al-Adha festival.  The officials, who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation, said 11 suspected fighters were also being treated in a hospital in Chittagong city, north of Cox s Bazar, which is close to the border.                         An ARSA spokesman denied that any of its fighters were using the no-man s land to launch attacks and said none of its fighters were in Bangladesh. Mostafa Kamal Uddin, Bangladesh s home secretary, said he did not have information about the presence of Rohingya militants in Bangladesh.  Karim and other Rohingya people, mostly from the border villages, said they started fleeing to the buffer zone after the Aug. 25 attacks.           Khan, the border guard officer, said their numbers swelled on Aug. 27.  We kept hearing gunshots and also saw a fire and smoke on their side of the border,  Khan said.  He pointed to two brown patches of burned trees in Taung Pyo Let Yar village from his operations base on a hilltop in Bangladesh s Gundum village near the border.  His men with automatic rifles kept watch as Rohingya children waded across the creek to fetch fresh water in aluminum pots and plastic bottles from a hand-pump on Bangladeshi soil.  A toddler, with the knee-deep waters rising to his neck, struggled with three plastic bottles, dropping one before turning around and picking it up and pressing forward. In interviews at the buffer zone, where Reuters was taken by Khan, residents of three villages - Taung Pyo Let Yar, Mee Taik and Kun Thee Pin   said they were spared in the previous big military crackdown in October last year. But things changed on Aug. 25.  Mohammed Arif, a Rohingya man from Taung Pyo Let Yar village, said he fled into the woods near the village to hide when the army came. From there, he watched a mortar shell hit his two-storey house, burning it down.  He crossed over the fence on Aug. 26 with his family. Arif said he had not seen any ARSA fighters in the no-man s land.  In our country, Buddha worshippers treat us like a virus that needs to be eliminated. We have heard them saying,  No Rohingya in Myanmar.  But we will go back,  Arif said. ",1
20233,Average of polls puts New Zealand's ruling Nationals just ahead,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand s ruling National Party reclaimed a slight lead in the latest average of polls, underscoring a tight race that has unsettled investors amid uncertainty over the make-up of the next government and its trade and immigration policies. The  poll of polls  compiled by Radio New Zealand showed National s support at 41.3 percent, just ahead of Labour on 40.5 percent, giving National 51 seats in parliament and Labour 50.     Both parties would need to rely on the nationalist New Zealand First Party to form a coalition government under the country s proportional representation system as the winning party or parties need 61 of parliament s 120 seats to form government. The poll average suggests the two main parties are still neck and neck, even as individual polls point to contrasting results, with some giving a lead to Labour and others National. The uncertain outcome has thrown doubts over future policies on major issues like trade and immigration, both key drivers of New Zealand s relatively robust economic growth in recent years.  Prime Minister Bill English s National Party has vowed to support free trade as global protectionism rises, in particular, by championing the Trans-Pacific Partnership pact, which Labour has said it would renegotiate. The New Zealand dollar, the 11th most traded currency in the world, slipped to $0.7295 on Wednesday after climbing to $0.7320 overnight following a separate single poll released on Tuesday that put National well ahead of Labour.  There was a bit of a reality check this morning that this is just one poll and polls are not reliable,  said Rodrigo Catril, forex strategist at National Australia Bank.  The base case is still that whoever wins they will have to form a coalition.  The Radio New Zealand figures showed support for New Zealand First averaging 7.5 percent, while the Green Party was at 5.5 percent, giving them 9 and 7 seats respectively. New Zealand First s economic policies tend to have more in common with those of Labour, but it has formed coalitions with both major parties in the past. Polls in recent weeks have suggested widely varying outcomes from the vote. A poll on Tuesday gave the National Party a near 10-point lead over Labour, suggesting they wouldn t need NZ First to form government. Earlier polls had given Labour a sizeable lead after it gambled on a late change of leadership, installing 37-year-old Jacinda Ardern, to revive its flagging popularity. ",1
20234,"Israeli leader in Argentina, lauds effort to solve 1994 Jewish center bombing","BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday used the first Latin America visit of a sitting Israeli prime minister to praise President Mauricio Macri s effort to solve the bombing of a Buenos Aires Jewish center in 1994 that killed 85 people. Argentine courts have blamed the attack on Iran. But no one has been brought to trial in either that case or the deadly 1992 bombing of the Israeli embassy in Buenos Aires. Iran denies playing a role in either attack.  We know without a doubt that Iran and Hezbollah initiated and backed up the attacks,  Netanyahu told reporters. Hezbollah is an Islamist militant group based in Lebanon. He praised fellow conservative Macri for jump-starting efforts to solve the crimes. Critics accuse previous Argentine leader Cristina Fernandez of trying to improve ties with Iran rather than focusing on bringing the bombers to justice.  He strengthened Argentina s position compared with what it was before. I honor his commitment and the integrity of his effort to determine what happened,  Netanyahu said. Under Fernandez, the prosecutor probing the attack on the AMIA Jewish community center was found dead in January 2015, just hours before he was to appear in Congress to outline his accusation that Fernandez had tried to clear the way for a  grains for oil  deal with Iran by whitewashing Iran s role in the truck bombing.  The prosecutor, Alberto Nisman, was discovered on the floor of his Buenos Aires apartment with a pistol by his side and a bullet in his head. The death was classified as a suicide, but Nisman s family and friends dismissed that idea as absurd. Opinion polls show most Argentines believe his death was a homicide. Macri won the presidency and succeeded Fernandez in late 2015. He has since boosted ties with the United States and Israel while trying to attract the foreign investment he says is needed to stimulate an economy damaged by the inflationary policies and heavy currency controls of the Fernandez years. Macri has met with Nisman s family and says he has made a high priority of solving his death and the AMIA bombing. Netanyahu and Macri are also  in ideological harmony  on issues like free trade, development and security, Israel s ambassador to Argentina Ilan Sztulman told local radio. Netanyahu is traveling with executives of 30 Israeli companies looking to increase trade with Latin America. They include cyber security, irrigation and other agricultural technology firms that could help Argentina reinforce its position as the world s top exporter of soymeal livestock feed and a major supplier of corn and raw soybeans. After Argentina, Netanyahu will visit Colombia and Mexico before addressing the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 19. The diplomatic flurry might take domestic attention off two corruption investigations centering on Netanyahu in Israel. He was accompanied on the trip by his wife Sara Netanyahu. On Friday, Israel s attorney general said he was considering indicting her on suspicion of using state funds for personal dining and catering services amounting to some $100,000. ",1
20235,Trump likely to visit China during November Asia trip: U.S. official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump is likely to make a stop in China in November during his first official visit to Asia, a U.S. official said on Tuesday, a trip that will come amid tensions over North Korea s nuclear tests. Washington and its allies have said there is a growing urgency for China, North Korea s top ally and trading partner, to apply more pressure on its already isolated neighbor to get it to back down on its nuclear weapons and missiles programs. Chinese President Xi Jinping had invited Trump to visit China during their meeting in April in Palm Beach, Florida. The two leaders also met on the sidelines on the G20 summit in July. Trump is set to attend the U.S.-ASEAN summit and the East Asia summit in the Philippines in November, as well as the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam. China s foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment on Trump s potential visit. Japanese public broadcaster NHK cited unnamed diplomatic sources saying that Trump was also considering visiting Japan and South Korea during his Asian tour in November. In February, Trump accepted Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s invitation to visit Japan by the end of the year.  The February agreement is still valid. We would definitely like to make it happen sometime within this year. But no specific timing has been fixed yet,  a Japanese Foreign Ministry official said. Also, the Japanese daily Yomiuri Shimbun said on Wednesday Japan, the United States and South Korea are in final stages of talks to hold a trilateral summit on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in New York. The newspaper, citing unnamed government sources, reported the meeting between Trump, Abe and South Korean President Moon Jae-in could take place on Sept. 21 and would focus on bolstering cooperation in response to North Korean provocation. On Monday, the U.N. Security Council unanimously voted to step up sanctions on North Korea, with its profitable textile exports now banned and fuel supplies capped. After several days of negotiations on the resolution, Washington dropped several measures to win the support of Russia and China, including a bid for an oil embargo and the blacklisting of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and the national airline. In Hong Kong, former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon told the South China Morning Post the results of a U.S.-led investigation into alleged Chinese intellectual property theft would be announced before the Beijing summit to reset bilateral trade. The far-right architect of Trump s 2016 election victory, Bannon told an investor conference, organized by a unit of China s largest brokerage, that Trump and Xi had a rapport that should enable them to work out differences, said an attendee at the meeting which was closed to the press. Bannon, who was let go by Trump last month, told a private lunch gathering in Hong Kong that he still  speaks with President Donald Trump every two to three days,  the Wall Street Journal reported. ",1
20236,"France says Venezuela talks to take place, warns of sanctions","PARIS (Reuters) - Venezuela s government and opposition will hold a round of talks in the Dominican Republic on Wednesday, France s foreign minister said on Tuesday, warning Caracas that it risked EU sanctions if it failed to engage in negotiations.  Venezuela was convulsed for months by demonstrations against leftist President Nicolas Maduro, accused by critics of knocking the oil-rich country into its worst-ever economic crisis and bringing it to the brink of dictatorship.  I was happy to learn that dialogue with the opposition would restart tomorrow in the Dominican Republic,  Jean-Yves Le Drian said in a statement after meeting his Venezuelan counterpart, Jorge Arreaza Montserrat, in Paris.  Venezuela s Democratic Unity Coalition said it would send a delegation to meet with Dominican President Danilo Medina to discuss the conditions under which dialogue could be held, but denied that any talks as such had begun.  The invitation by (Medina) does NOT represent the start of a formal dialogue with the government,  the coalition said in a statement.  To begin serious negotiations, we demand immediate concrete actions that show true willingness to solve problems rather than to buy time.  The statement reiterated long standing opposition demands including the release of political prisoners, respect for the opposition-run congress and measures to ease a crippling economic crisis. Le Drian said Wednesday s meeting would involve Medina and former Spanish Prime Minister Jos  Luis Rodriguez Zapatero. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres expressed his full support for the talks.  The Secretary-General encourages the Venezuelan political actors to seize this opportunity to demonstrate their commitment to address the country s challenges through mediation and peaceful means,  U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement. Maduro routinely calls for dialogue with the opposition, but his adversaries see dialogue as a stalling mechanism that burnishes the government s image without producing concrete results. In a televised broadcast on Tuesday evening, he voiced renewed support for dialogue and said he was sending Socialist Party heavyweight Jorge Rodriguez to represent the government in the Dominican Republic.     A dialogue process brokered by Zapatero and backed by the Vatican in 2016 did little to advance opposition demands. Many Maduro critics believe opposition leaders were duped in that dialogue process, and have grown suspicious of Zapatero as an intermediary.  Like fellow-EU member Spain a few days earlier, Le Drian also warned Arreaza that if the situation continued there would be consequences.   I reminded him of the risk of European sanctions and the need to rapidly see evidence from Venezuela that it is ready to relaunch negotiations with the opposition and engage in a sincere and credible process,  he said.   ",1
20237,Hardliners protest French labor reform after Macron chides 'slackers',"PARIS (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of hard-left trade unionists marched through French cities on Tuesday to protest against President Emmanuel Macron s labor law reforms, although turnout appeared lower than at demonstrations in previous years. Hitting back at Macron s pledge to give no ground to  slackers , some in Paris carried placards reading:  Slacker on Strike  while in Bordeaux demonstrators chanted:  Macron you re screwed, the slackers are in the streets.  The interior ministry said 223,000 protesters turned out across the country, compared with about 400,000 during March 2016 s demonstration. Riot police clashed with hooded youths in isolated skirmishes on the fringe of the march led by the Communist Party-linked CGT union in Paris. The union said some 400,000 had marched across France, down from its estimate for 2016 of 1.2 million. Labor unions have scuppered previous attempts to weaken France s labor code, but this time there was comfort for Macron as two other unions, including the largest, the CFDT, declined to join the protests.  We ve been passing laws which take apart the labor code for 20 years. The answer (to unemployment) doesn t lie in rolling it back further,  said Maxime Durand, a train driver on strike. After weeks of negotiation, the government last month set out measures including a cap on payouts for dismissals judged unfair and greater freedom for companies to hire and fire.  The reform makes no direct reference to the 35-hour week, a totem of the labor code, though it hands firms more flexibility to set pay and working conditions. The government plans to adopt the new measures, being implemented by decree, on Sept. 22. During a trip to Athens on Friday, Macron told the local French community:  I am fully determined and I won t cede any ground, not to slackers, nor cynics, nor hardliners.  He said the  slackers  comment was aimed at those who had failed to push through reforms in the past, although political opponents and some unions took it as an attack on the unemployed or on workers making the most of job protection.  We will make Macron back down,  far-left firebrand Jean-Luc Melenchon, who has become Macron s most vocal opponent in parliament, said on the sidelines of a protest in Marseille.  French workers have long cherished the rights enshrined in the labor code, but companies complain it has deterred investment and job creation and stymied economic growth. Unemployment has been above 9 percent for nearly a decade. Macron s reforms are being followed in Germany as a test of his resolve to reshape the euro zone s second-biggest economy, a must if he is to win Berlin s backing for broader reforms to the currency union. The CGT is France s second-biggest union, though its influence has been waning. Its leader Philippe Martinez said Tuesday s nationwide protests were the  first phase  and more would follow. He called Macron s reference to  slackers  an insult to workers.  The president should listen to the people, understand them, rather than cause divisions,  Martinez told France 2 television. CGT workers from the rail, oil and power sectors heeded the strike call but by the afternoon there was no apparent impact on power and refining production, spokespeople for utility EDF (EDF.PA) and oil major Total (TOTF.PA) said. Just over 11 percent of the workforce at EDF, which operates France s fleet of 48 nuclear reactors, took part in the strike, a spokeswoman for the state-owned utility said. Macron landed in the French Caribbean on Tuesday to survey the devastation wrought by Hurricane Irma on the territory of Saint Martin. Governments on the political left and right have been trying for decades to overhaul the 3,000-page labor code, but ended up watering down their plans in the face of street demonstrations. Macron was economy minister in the Socialist government of president Francois Hollande, whose attempt at labor reform led to weeks of protests that at their peak brought 400,000 onto the streets, and stoked a rebellion within his own party. Hollande was forced to dilute his proposals, but so far there are no signs of Macron feeling compelled to back down. An opinion poll published on Sept. 1 indicated that voters have mixed views on the reform. Nearly six in 10 said they opposed Macron s labor decrees overall. But when respondents looked at individual measures, most received majority support. With economic growth accelerating, unemployment on a downward trend and the leading unions divided in their response to the reforms, it is not clear whether the protests will gain significant momentum. ",1
20238,Macron may see 'slackers' become protest rallying cry in France,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron s remark that he will not bow to  slackers  who resist labor reforms looked set to dog the image-conscious French leader, with opponents casting him as a champion of the wealthy and big business. The Elysee Palace and government ministers have scrambled to contain the fallout, saying the 39-year-old was referring to past leaders who lacked the courage to push through unpopular changes and accusing his opponents of twisting his comments. Macron, who on Tuesday visited islands in the Caribbean damaged by Hurricane Irma, has himself shown little contrition.  I am fully determined and I won t cede any ground, not to slackers, nor cynics, nor hardliners,  he said on Friday during a trip to Greece. His opponents were quick to pounce, branding him an out-of-touch president who has put himself above the person in the street.  Fools, cynics, slackers, everyone take to the streets on Sept. 12 and 23,  Jean-Luc Melenchon, leader of the hard-left France Unbowed party, said on Twitter, referring to two days of street protests. Philippe Martinez, head of the far-left CGT trade union, called Macron s comment  scandalous .  Who is the president referring to when he says he won t give an inch to slackers? To the millions without a job or in a vulnerable position?  Macron s centrist government announced measures in August to hand more power to companies to set working conditions and adapt pay to market conditions, as well as making it easier to hire and fire employees.  The president says the measures are needed to spur job creation, boost growth and attract investment. Unions say workers  rights are being eroded and benefits undermined. Macron faced his first challenge on the streets on Tuesday when thousands of CGT trade unionists protested in cities across France.  In Bordeaux, protesters chanted:  Macron you re screwed, the slackers are in the streets  while in Paris others carried placards reading:  Slacker on strike . Asked on Monday if he regretted his comment, he replied:  We cannot move forward if we don t tell it like it is.   It s Macron s style,  said Jerome Fourquet of pollster IFOP.  He s not going to back down, make apologies. That carries a risk.   Macron is not the first French leader to offend people with a casual comment. Former president Nicolas Sarkozy caused uproar while interior minister when in 2005 he branded youths behind the worst urban violence in France in decades as  racaille  ( scum  or  rabble ). That remark entrenched Sarkozy s reputation as a bully in the suburbs blighted by crime and unemployment outside Paris. Sarkozy s successor, Francois Hollande, suffered with the publication of a tell-all book in which his former partner accused the Socialist leader of describing the poor as  toothless , undermining his efforts to portray himself as in touch with the needy. Before joining a protest in Marseille, Melenchon, who bills himself as a champion of French workers and rails against globalisation, said:  Mr Macron knows he has a battle on his hands. He picked it.  ",1
20239,Draining the swamp: Hard-hit Everglades town mops up after Irma,"EVERGLADES CITY, Fla. (Reuters) - As Hurricane Irma raged through Everglades City, a tiny fishing village in a vast alligator-infested swamp, Howie Grimm hunkered down inside his house with his 88-year-old mother, a useless cell phone and a new job title. He had been acting mayor for less than a week. When the winds started to wane, he jumped in his truck and moved his mother to a higher perch   a trailer on stilts   because he knew a storm surge would follow the eye of the storm. He watched from the trailer as the surge swallowed his truck.  And that s how it all started, my   what do you call it?   mayorism?  he recalled with a laugh on Monday, as he leaned on a flooded forklift in front of his business, Grimm s Seafood. While most of South Florida was spared the worst of the dangerous storm, this remote hamlet of about 400 residents in the southwest part of the state, felt the full wrath of Irma s winds and waves. And yet residents here seemed to take it in stride, surveying the damage with a good humor and a shrug of the shoulders. Little help had arrived from the outside world the day after the storm, but no one here seemed to be asking for much help, either. In a town surrounded by marshlands, storms and floods are part of the deal.  The few residents that remained in this outpost for Irma s landfall on Sunday watched a surge up to eight feet high inundate roughly half of the homes and businesses - all the ones that were not up on stilts - and cake the town in gray swamp slime. Sammy Hamilton, 83, the city s mayor for 22 years until last week, lost two buildings housing tourism businesses, along with several vessels. One of his 55-foot tour boats ended up in a tree   an ornament of sorts.  That s how we decorate here for Christmas,  said Hamilton, who stepped down over his handling of the town s sewer plant, which had fallen out of compliance with state environmental regulations and faces a major overhaul.  The Florida Department of Environmental Protection sued the city in 2015, after inspectors caught the plant pumping sewage into nearby mangroves. Few residents expressed much anger with Hamilton over the sewer plant or his resignation days before a major flood.  I love the old mayor,  said Grimm, the acting mayor, who had criticized Hamilton s handling of the sewer debacle.  He s done a lot of good. He just decided he d had enough.  Everglades City is isolated geographically and culturally from the rest of South Florida by 1.5 million aces of preserved wetlands. Founded in the late 1800s, it later became the last stop on the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad. Its historic Rod and Gun Club, which has hosted a half dozen U.S. presidents, including Harry Truman when he dedicated the swampland surrounding the city as a national park in 1947. Today, the city s economy rests on three main commodities: stone crabs, alligators and airboats. The commercial catch of stone crabs once played a bigger role than tourism - which primarily involves scouting alligators on airboats - but that mix is changing, said Vicky Wells, a fifth-generation resident. Her brother was among those who happily made the switch from processing crabs to toting tourists around on airboats.  It was a lot more money for a lot easier work,  Wells said.   People here do whatever they need to do to feed their family.  And many do whatever is needed to protect their family from wind and water. Having weathered many storms, the Wells family built their home a decade ago to withstand a major hurricane. Vicky s husband, Bob Wells, 72, drove pilings 23 feet into the ground and used rebar to reinforce a concrete foundation every two feet. He encased the windows in concrete, too.  We built this thing to stay. It stayed,  Bob said.  Across the street from the Wells  home, Ricky Collins, a 68-year-old Everglades City native, washed muck from his driveway as his grandson pushed it out of his house with a broom. The flood didn t rattle him, and he didn t think it would change how his neighbors, even the newer arrivals, viewed living there.  The difference in this town now is that we have a lot of foreigners   I mean, people from out of state,  he said.  But they ll stay, too. They ll probably do better than we will, because they have better insurance and everything.  Among the newcomers is Marlene Sassaman, 69, who moved here four years ago. She stayed for the storm and spent the next day mopping the mud out of her first floor.  If you have a strong house, you re fine,  Sassaman said As for the departure of the old mayor, she said she preferred to steer clear of any controversy.  Let s just say he  retired.  I don t want to go there,  she said.  He was born and bred here, and his pappy was born and bred here   I really love this place, because it s one of the last small towns in the country.  ",1
20240,"After Irma, a mixed journey home for Florida evacuees","ORLANDO, Fla. (Reuters) - After fleeing homes in Hurricane Irma s path several days ago, Florida residents Lee Tinkler and Mercedes Lopez on Tuesday faced far different prospects as they departed from the Orlando hotels where they sought refuge. Tinkler, a retiree from Jupiter, Florida, said she was about to end  the best experience of my life  after waiting out the storm at a high-end convention hotel with her two daughters, their two babies and seven cats.  But at a nearby Days Inn, Lopez s spirits were low as she shared a bucket of fried chicken with four families from the Florida Keys bunking together in two cramped rooms. They were returning to salvage belongings from destroyed homes.  I don t have a house, I don t have a job,  said Lopez, 50, who works for a gas station that was also devastated.  We go back to nothing.  They are part of a complicated return home after the largest evacuation in U.S. history which saw 6.5 million people flee the storm in Florida.   After surviving what began as one of the fiercest Atlantic storms in a century, many are returning with conflicting emotions. The relief of going home is at times overwhelmed by the logistics of the trip and then putting their pre-storm lives back together. On social media, travelers traded advice on how to avoid the chaotic scenes many experienced on the way out: long lines for gasoline and traffic so bad that people slept in their cars. Hoping to avoid such congestion, Cathy Bobal, a 59-year-old retiree from Coconut Creek, Florida, decided on Tuesday to spend a fifth night in Orlando before leaving at 3 a.m.  As she arranged her check-out from the Rosen Center, which reduced rates and waived pet and parking fees for evacuees, others were checking in.  It s round two,  she said.  People are coming in because they don t have power.  Tinkler, 73, left with plans to return the next time a hurricane menaced her home.  I want to live in this world forever,  she said, envisioning disaster reunions with the other guests.  We had a party.   Across town, the group from Marathon, Florida, was ending five nights at Days Inn not knowing whether authorities would even allow them back into their homes.  It s a total disaster. Our house was destroyed. I ve seen the pictures,  said Heidi Hernandez, 23, a school teacher.  We re going down there to salvage what we can and then come back up.  ",1
20241,Factbox: About 5.8 million without power in U.S. Southeast after Irma -  utilities,"(Reuters) - Power outages from Hurricane Irma dropped to about 5.8 million customers in Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Alabama by Tuesday afternoon, down from a peak of over 7.4 million late Monday, according to utilities in the affected region. Most remaining outages were in Florida Power & Light s service area in the southern and eastern parts of the state. FPL, a unit of NextEra Energy Inc and the state s largest power company, said its total outages dipped to about 2.5 million customers by Tuesday evening from a peak of over 3.6 million early on Monday. FPL said it expects to restore essentially all of its customers in the eastern portion of the state by the weekend and the harder-hit western portion Florida by Sept. 22. The company warned, however, it would take longer to restore power to customers who suffered tornado damage or severe flooding. Outages in Florida for Duke Energy Corp, which serves the northern and central parts of the state, fell to around 1 million customers by Tuesday afternoon, down from a peak of about 1.2 million on Monday, according to the company s website. Irma hit southwestern Florida on Sunday morning as a dangerous Category 4 storm, the second-highest level on the five-notch Saffir-Simpson scale. It gradually weakened to a tropical storm and then a tropical depression on Monday. In Georgia, utilities reported over 1.1 million customers without power on Tuesday, down from a peak of around 1.3 million late Monday. Other big power utilities in Florida include units of Emera Inc and Southern Co, which also operates the biggest electric companies in Georgia and Alabama. ",1
20242,Guatemala federal auditor to probe president's pay bonus,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s federal auditor on Tuesday said it will investigate a salary bonus the Defense Ministry gives to President Jimmy Morales that raises his earnings by more than a third, making him one of the best paid leaders in Latin America.  The federal comptroller, which audits all government spending, said in a statement it had asked for information on the previously unknown 50,000 quetzals ($7,300)  Bonus for Extraordinary Responsibility  that is not officially part of the president s salary package. Defense Minister William Mansilla on Tuesday confirmed that Morales had since December 2016 received the payment, which lifts the president s salary to $27,400 a month.   The president didn t ask for it. Instead, it was a group decision by the army,  Mansilla said in a press conference.  A technical board of auditors determined the bonus.  The revelation of the unusual salary perk comes at an awkward time for the beleaguered Morales, who managed to retain his immunity from prosecution on Monday.  Congress voted overwhelmingly to protect him after the attorney general submitted a request to investigate Morales over suspected financing irregularities during his 2015 election campaign. [nL2N1LS1EV] Last month, Guatemala s attorney general and the U.N.-backed International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG) jointly sought to investigate Morales, a former comedian, over the illegal financing allegation. Two days later, Morales declared the head of the U.N. body  persona non grata.  Under the leadership of Ivan Velasquez, a veteran Colombian prosecutor, CICIG has caused problems for Morales, first investigating his son and brother then aiming at him. The Defense Ministry on Tuesday posted on its website documents, dated Jan. 1, 2016, that detailed the payment to the president and various other military officials.  The considerations (for the bonus) were due to his position and the risks and dangers that (Morales) undertakes,  Mansilla said in explaining the army s reasoning for the payment.  Former Presidents Alfonso Portillo and Alvaro Colom told Reuters they had not received such a bonus. The president s office did not respond to requests for comment.  The salary bonus means that Morales earns 70 percent more than Chilean leader Michelle Bachelet and 130 percent more than Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, two of the region s best paid top officials.  The bonus is also 90 times the $300 minimum wage in Guatemala, where 60 percent of the population lives in poverty. ",1
20243,Brazil's top court approves new graft probe of President Temer,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - A Brazilian Supreme Court judge on Tuesday authorized an investigation of President Michel Temer for suspected corruption involving a decree regulating ports, adding to graft allegations the president has so far parried with backing from Congress. The new investigation is based on a wiretapped conversation of a former Temer aide, Rodrigo Rocha Loures, who, according to court documents, discussed shaping the decree in return for bribes channeled from a port operator to the president. In his ruling, Justice Luis Roberto Barroso said the new probe was warranted because Brazil s top prosecutor, Rodrigo Janot, had found  strong indications  of crimes, given that the decree signed by Temer answered part of the demands made by logistics firm Rodrimar SA. Temer s lawyer said in a statement sent to the Supreme Court that the allegations against the president are  contaminated by untruths and malicious distortions.  The decree was publicly debated and benefited all port operators and not just Rodrimar, it said. Rodrimar also denied that it had received any special treatment from the government. The company said the decree in question partially addressed widespread demands from Brazil s port operators. Temer has denied any role in the corruption scandals that have come to light during a sprawling three-year investigation of political bribery in Brazil. His lawyers have also challenge the plea bargain deal that yielded the wiretap of Rocha Loures, arguing that the billionaire beef tycoon who arranged the recordings was unfairly favored by a close aide to Janot. Last month, Temer s allies in Congress easily blocked a corruption charge leveled by Janot. He is also expected to beat additional charges that Janot could level this week before leaving office. The latest investigation approved by the court adds more allegations to the mix. Brazil s currency, the real, posted its biggest daily drop in nearly a month, slipping 0.8 percent against the U.S. dollar as the investigation and a separate police probe into Temer s allies kept pressure on the president. Temer s success in beating back accusations had bolstered bets that he would be able to return focus to his market-friendly proposals to overhaul Brazil s tax and social security policies, tackling a record deficit. ",1
20244,"Brazil police suspect Temer, aides involved in corruption","BRASILIA/SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazil s federal police suspect that President Michel Temer, alongside a group of close aides from his party, participated in illicit acts that rendered him up to 31.5 million reais ($10 million) in advantages and other perks. In a report on Monday, police said there were indications that Temer, 77, and the so-called  Gang of the Lower House  might have engaged in active and passive corruption acts, fraud and other crimes. The report was sent to the Federal Supreme Court, the only court with the authority to investigate a sitting president. While the report did not specify what advantages Temer might have obtained, it identified a series of transfers made from companies such as Odebrecht SA, and cash stemming from state contracts. The report gathered data from recent testimonies that incriminated Temer in the campaign financing of at least one ally. According to the police, Temer s Chief of Staff Eliseu Padilha and Wellington Moreira Franco, Temer s privatization tzar, were also named in the investigation, which started in 2015.  The report could provide additional evidence for a second formal corruption accusation against Temer in as many months. Prosecutor-General Rodrigo Janot, whose term expires at the end of this week, filed the first almost two months ago but lower house lawmakers voted to drop it, alleging lack of sufficient evidence. Temer has been a central figure in the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party for decades, helping create a solid bloc in the lower house that has participated in the past four administrations. He became Brazil s vice president in 2011 and replaced his predecessor Dilma Rousseff when she was impeached last year for doctoring budget accounts. Press representatives of Temer, who enjoys immunity from prosecution in lower-tier courts, said in a statement he  does not participate nor has ever been part of a criminal gang,  noting  he has never made use of any state structure to directly or indirectly extract any benefits from public office.  Padilha said he would only respond to the accusation when he has access to the document. Moreira Franco told Reuters he has never participated in any illicit act. The investigation also includes Eduardo Cunha, a former lower house speaker who accelerated Rousseff s ouster and is jailed for his involvement in a massive bribery scandal.  ",1
20245,Macron vows Caribbean rebuild as anger rises against European powers,"PORT-AU-PRINCE (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron vowed to quickly rebuild the islands of the French Caribbean during a visit on Tuesday meant to dispel anger at his government s response to Hurricane Irma, which killed at least 43 people in the region.  The clutch of Caribbean islands hardest hit by the storm were mainly overseas territories belonging to Britain, France and the Netherlands, whose tens of thousands of residents are European Union citizens. The U.S. Virgin Islands were also hard hit. European countries and the United States have sent troops to deliver aid and provide security after the storm toppled homes and hospitals, but locals and tourists short of food or shelter say help was slow to arrive. Macron, who is also facing the first test at home of his resolve to reform the economy with a day of protests against his labor reforms, denied that authorities reacted too slowly. Basic services in the region were lost after Irma, weakening law and order, and looting erupted on some islands. Haiti s government said on Tuesday more than 10,000 people were in shelters after heavy rains flooded the former French colony. Britain was forced to reinforce its marines on the British Virgin Islands after more than 100  very serious  inmates escaped after a prison was breached in the storm, Alan Duncan, Britain s minister for Europe and the Americas, said on Tuesday.  It was not clear if the prisoners had been captured.  Macron was due to travel on Tuesday to St. Martin, an island France shares with the Netherlands that suffered some of the worst devastation from Irma. Most of the 10 people killed by Irma lived on French territories there.  St. Martin will be reborn, I promise,  Macron told reporters in Pointe-a-Pitre, on the French island of Guadeloupe.  I will shake up all the rules and procedures so the job is done as quickly as possible. It will be done quickly, it will be done well, and it will be done better.  Macron said 50 million euros will be made available as soon as possible, and 2,000 security forces have been deployed, including the army, roughly double the original contingent. The French government has said it would take at least three months for water distribution to normalize. The electricity supply has also been badly hit, authorities said. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson traveled on Tuesday to the Caribbean to visit British territories devastated by Irma. Among the hardest hit islands were the British Virgin Islands, Anguilla, plus Antigua and Barbuda.    He is very keen to see for himself the devastation, to reassure governors who have done a magnificent job under quite the most incredible pressure,  Duncan said. Four people died on Anguilla, up from one reported previously, Duncan said, while the death toll on the British Virgin Islands rose by one to five. Speaking on CNN, Stacey Plaskett, delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives for the U.S. Virgin Islands, said there was no real looting occurring, but rather desperate people scrambling for scarce supplies.  Our airport, the terminal looks as if grenades have been inside there and bombed the places out,  she said.  This is not anything that we could ve been prepared for.  ",1
20246,North Korea says Peru throwing 'gas on the fire' of nuclear spat,"LIMA (Reuters) - North Korea s ambassador to Peru said Tuesday that Lima s decision to expel him was akin to  throwing gasoline on the fire  on the dispute over Pyongyang s nuclear tests that it would continue to pursue  without wavering.  Peru declared the ambassador, Kim Hak-Chol, a persona non grata on Monday to protest North Korea s refusal to heed the world s  constant calls  to end its nuclear program - giving him five days to leave the Andean country.  The bilateral and diplomatic measure taken yesterday by the Peruvian government lacks judicial and moral reasoning and doesn t further world peace and security at all,  Kim said, reading from a statement at a news conference in Lima.  To the contrary, it throws gasoline on the fire for which we express protest and regret,  Kim added before declining to take questions from reporters. Peru s decision to expel Kim followed a similar move by Mexico last week and a public call from the United States last month for Latin American countries to sever ties with North Korea. Peruvian Foreign Minister Ricardo Luna said the move was strongly rooted in international law as reflected by new U.N. sanctions against North Korea passed on Monday.  It s inappropriate to maintain relations with that country,  Luna said in broadcast comments to journalists.  Though we haven t broken off ties, by expelling him the level of diplomats in charge of relations is lowered.  North Korea has faced growing condemnation from around the world following its sixth and largest nuclear test this month which fueled fears it could spark war. U.S. President Donald Trump has described the boosted sanctions passed by the U.N. Security Council on Monday as  nothing compared to what ultimately will have to happen.  Kim condemned the sanctions as part of the hostility from the United States regarding North Korea that he said has forced Pyongyang to pursue nuclear tests as a dissuasive measure.  That s a problem between us and the United States,  Kim said.  We ll continue without wavering on the path of justice that we ve chosen despite the slander and defamation from the United States because we re certain our cause is just and will triumph.  Kim will leave Peru as requested and two diplomats will remain in charge of the embassy, an embassy representative said. Peru does not have any diplomats in North Korea. Pyongyang opened its embassy in Peru in the 1980s during the first government of former President Alan Garcia, which bought weapons from North Korea at a discount for police. Trade between the two countries is minimal. ",1
20247,Quake pitches past into present in scarred Mexico City district,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The powerful earthquake that rocked Mexico City last week had terrifying echoes of a more deadly 1985 shock in one housing project, raising tough questions about how ready one of the world s largest cities is for a major catastrophe. At its epicenter, Thursday s 8.1 magnitude quake was stronger than the disaster three decades ago that killed at least 5,000 people in Mexico City, toppling two tower blocks in the historic central neighborhood of Tlatelolco. Mexico City has made major advances since then, with regular earthquake simulations, improved building regulations, and seismic alarms designed to sound long enough before the shock to give residents time to flee. Nearly 100 people are known to have died in the latest quake, none of them in the capital. Yet experts noted the tremor s epicenter was further from Mexico City and two times deeper than in 1985, and warned it would be wrong to assume the capital could now rest easy. Such caution was palpable in Tlatelolco. Antonio Fonseca, 66, a longtime resident who witnessed the 1985 collapse of the tower blocks in the Nuevo Leon housing complex that killed at least 200 people, said memories of the event sparked panic attacks in the neighborhood when the quake rolled through the city on Thursday.  I m quite sure that these buildings are very well reinforced,  said Fonseca, a local history expert.  But there are many people who are still wary.  When the ground began shaking in September 1985, local workers laughed it off at first, continuing with breakfast. Nobody believed Fonseca when he told them Nuevo Leon had fallen, he recalled. Later, Fonseca saw a group of children in the neighborhood s central Plaza de las Tres Culturas who had been waiting for the school bus, their uniforms caked in white dust from the building s collapse.  This time around, residents feared the worst. Streets filled across the city when the quake hit near midnight. Crying and praying, hundreds descended onto the plaza and some stayed for hours, questioning whether it was safe to return home. Minerva de la Paz Uribe, a retiree living on the plaza, was unable to evacuate with her father, who turned 104 the next day. She watched from her window as neighbors scrambled to escape.  People leave running with their dogs. They leave screaming. Are we prepared? No, no, we re not prepared,  she said, as a group of friends on the plaza murmured in agreement. Some 30 buildings in Tlatelolco were rebuilt after the 1985 disaster and a dozen were demolished. Mexico s new skyscrapers include hydraulic shock absorbers and deep foundations. But such safety features are less prevalent in much of the sprawling periphery, which is filled with cheap cinderblock homes like the buildings that collapsed on Thursday in the southern states of Oaxaca and Chiapas near the epicenter. Situated at the intersection of three tectonic plates, Mexico is one of the world s most earthquake-prone countries, and the capital is particularly vulnerable due to its location on top of an ancient lake bed.  The government s widely panned response to the 1985 quake caused upheaval in Mexico, which some credited with weakening the one-party rule of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). After 71 years, the PRI was finally voted out in 2000. Signs of government incompetence, or worse, persist. Mexican news website Animal Politico on Monday reported that thousands of seismic alarms acquired by the government of Oaxaca five years ago were never distributed, with some appearing for sale on online auction sites. A spokesman for Oaxaca s civil protection authorities did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Mistrust of government has spurred some to form community groups. Among the most famous are the Tlatelolco Topos, or moles, formed from rescue squads that dug survivors and corpses out of the rubble in 1985, and have since traveled the world offering assistance in quakes and landslides. But disasters have a habit of catching people off guard. Georgina Mendez de Schaafsma was returning from taking children to school when the 1985 temblor struck Tlatelolco. To her horror, she realized her six-year-old daughter was home alone. Racing back, Mendez retrieved the girl. But three other relatives died in the Nuevo Leon collapses. Now 70, Mendez still lives in the same building, which had a number of floors removed after the 1985 quake. She stayed indoors when the tremors began on Thursday night and believes Mexico City is better equipped today - up to a point.  In a catastrophe, I think we re never prepared,  she said.  Nature is stronger.  ",1
20248,Violent street protests break out in Haiti over tax hikes,"PORT-AU-PRINCE (Reuters) - Protesters in Haiti damaged commercial buildings in the capital city and set cars on fire on Tuesday, angered by government tax hikes that come at a time when foreign aid is declining. The Port-au-Prince protest, called by former presidential candidate Jean-Charles Moise, took many by surprise and represents the biggest outcry against the administration of President Jovenel Moise since he took office earlier this year.  The revolution has just started. Jovenel Moise will have to retract his taxes or he will have to leave immediately,  said Jacques Menard, a 31-year-old protester.  And this is a warning because the next phase can be very violent.  Protesters took to the streets in separate groups in several districts in the metropolitan area of Port-au-Prince, erecting flaming barricades, blocking traffic, and confronting riot police, who fired tear gas and warning shots in the air. Several people were arrested, the police said, but there were no reports of any deaths or serious injuries. Lawmakers last weekend approved an unpopular budget that raises taxes on products including cigarettes, alcohol and passports. At the same time, foreign aid to Haiti is slowing. The country is one of the poorest in the Americas and suffered a devastating earthquake in 2010 and the worst of hurricane Matthew last year.   If Jovenel Moise is intelligent, he should refrain from publishing the budget, otherwise he will have to face a series of street demonstrations that will further complicate the situation,  Jean-Charles Moise said on local radio.  Government officials were not immediately available for comment, but Economy and Finance Minister Jude Alix Patrick Salomon defended the budget over the weekend.  There are people who are blaming many things on the budget that are not true,  Salomon told reporters shortly after the spending plan was approved.  There are people manipulating the public opinion.  ",1
20249,"Biafra separatists, Nigerian army disagree over siege allegations","ONITSHA, Nigeria (Reuters) - A group campaigning for the secession of a part of southeastern Nigeria, formerly known as Biafra, on Tuesday accused the army of laying siege to their leader s home, a charge the armed forces denied.  Rising tensions prompted the governor of Abia state, where the leader s residence is located, to impose a curfew.  Members of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) group said soldiers had surrounded the home of leader Nnamdi Kanu. Groups have stepped up calls for secession since Kanu was released on bail in April after being detained for nearly two years on charges of criminal conspiracy and belonging to an illegal society.  There was no surrounding of Nnamdi Kanu s residence. It is not true,  said army spokesman Sani Usman.  Secessionist sentiment has simmered in the region since the Biafra separatist rebellion tipped Africa s most populous country into a civil war in 1967-70 that killed an estimated one million people. The military presence in southeastern Nigeria has increased in the last few weeks to crack down on crime. The IPOB also said that soldiers stormed Kanu s family compound on Sunday, which the army also denied.  Politicians waded into the dispute on Tuesday. Abia state governor Okezie Ikpeazu said in a statement that people were advised to observe a curfew from 6 p.m. (1700 GMT) to 6 a.m. (0500 GMT) from Sept. 12 to Sept. 14.  A caucus of southeastern lawmakers in the Senate, the upper chamber of parliament, said in a statement through its chairman Enyinnaya Abaribe that the military had sent a  strong signal that the region is under siege, which should not be so in a democracy . Renewed calls for Biafran secession prompted President Muhammadu Buhari to use his first speech after returning from three months of medical leave in Britain, in August, to say Nigeria s unity was  not negotiable . Amnesty International in 2016 accused Nigeria s security forces of killing at least 150 Biafra separatists at peaceful rallies. The military and police denied the allegations. ",1
20250,Lights still out for 5.8 million U.S. customers after Irma,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Some 5.8 million homes and businesses in Florida and nearby states still had no power on Tuesday after the pummeling from Hurricane Irma, as utility companies scrambled to get the lights back on in one of the biggest power restoration efforts in U.S. history. The total number of customers, representing about 12 million people, dipped from a peak of more than 7.4 million customers, or about 15 million people, late on Monday. Fuel shortages in the state also eased as 37.6 percent of gas stations were without fuel statewide, down from 46 percent Monday evening, according to fuel information service GasBuddy.  Major utilities in Florida - including NextEra Energy Inc s Florida Power & Light, Duke Energy Corp and Emera Inc s Tampa Electric - have mobilized tens of thousands of workers to deal with the outages after Irma landed early Sunday and carved a destructive path up Florida, which has a population of about 20 million. FPL, the state s largest utility, said its outages dipped to around 2.5 million customers by Tuesday evening from a peak of more than 3.6 million on Monday morning, but that was still more than half of its customers.  In total about 4.5 million FPL customers were affected by the storm, with more than 1.7 million having their service restored already, mostly by automated devices.  We restored power to about 40 percent of the customers impacted by Irma in just one day,  FPL spokesman Rob Gould told a news conference on Tuesday. By comparison, only 4 percent of 3.2 million customer outages following Hurricane Wilma in 2005 were addressed in the same time.  The faster restoration time was due to $3 billion FPL spent on improvements including underground lines, concrete poles and intelligent devices to help restore power, Gould said.  More than 60,000 workers from across the United States and Canada were involved in the restoration efforts, including those from the affected companies and other utilities, said Tom Kuhn, president of the Edison Electric Institute, an industry trade group.  The industry s Irma response is one of the largest power restoration efforts in U.S. history,  Kuhn said.  Some Florida utilities, including FPL, had warned customers it could take weeks to restore power in the hardest hit areas.    However, FPL, said on Tuesday that would restore power to eastern Florida by this weekend, and to western Florida by Sept 22. The state s gas supplies were severely disrupted before and during the storm as ports were closed, cutting Florida off from waterborne deliveries the state relies on. As ports began to reopen, queues of tanker trucks waited to be refilled. Gainesville and Miami had the highest number of stations out of fuel on Tuesday afternoon, with 62 percent and 49 percent respectively, according to GasBuddy.  It was too soon to say what the power restoration would cost FPL, but in 2016, the company said it spent about $315 million to restore power after Hurricanes Hermine and Matthew, according to NextEra s federal filings. Most of those costs were related to Matthew, which caused a third as many outages as Irma did for FPL. To recover restoration costs, FPL files with state regulators and, if approved, adds a storm surcharge on the monthly bills of its nearly 5 million customers. That surcharge was capped at around $4 per month for the average residential customer, according to NextEra s 2016 annual report. The company said, however, it could request an increase if storm restoration costs exceed $800 million in any calendar year. Florida s second biggest power company, Duke, serving the northern and central parts of the state, said it still had about 1.2 million outages Tuesday morning, according to the company s website, while Duke s outages in North and South Carolina climbed to about 160,000. In Georgia, utilities reported around 1.2 million customers without power Tuesday morning, down from a peak of more than  1.4 million on Monday night. FPL said its two nuclear plants in Florida were safe. Both reactors at its Turkey Point facility, about 30 miles (48 km) south of Miami, remained shut early Tuesday, while both reactors at its St. Lucie plant, about 120 miles (190 km) north of Miami, were operating at full power. ",1
20251,Myanmar faces mounting pressure over Rohingya refugee exodus,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Pressure mounted on Myanmar on Tuesday to end violence that has sent about 370,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh, with the United States calling for protection of civilians and Bangladesh urging safe zones to enable refugees to go home. But China, which competes for influence in its southern neighbor with the United States, said it backed Myanmar s efforts to safeguard  development and stability . The government of Buddhist-majority Myanmar says its security forces are fighting Rohingya militants behind a surge of violence in Rakhine state that began on Aug. 25, and they are doing all they can to avoid harming civilians. The government says about 400 people have been killed in the fighting, the latest in the western state. The top U.N. human rights official denounced Myanmar on Monday for conducting a  cruel military operation  against Rohingya, branding it  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing .    The United States said the violent displacement of the Rohingya showed Myanmar s security forces were not protecting civilians. Washington has been a staunch supporter of Myanmar s transition from decades of harsh military rule that is being led by Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi.  We call on Burmese security authorities to respect the rule of law, stop the violence, and end the displacement of civilians from all communities,  the White House said in a statement. Myanmar government spokesmen were not immediately available for comment but the foreign ministry said shortly before the U.S. statement was issued that Myanmar was also concerned about the suffering. Its forces were carrying out their legitimate duty to restore order in response to acts of extremism.  The government of Myanmar fully shares the concern of the international community regarding the displacement and suffering of all communities affected by the latest escalation of violence ignited by the acts of terrorism,  the ministry said in a statement. Myanmar s government regards Rohingya as illegal migrants from Bangladesh and denies them citizenship, even though many Rohingya families have lived there for generations. Attacks by a Rohingya insurgent group, the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), on police posts and an army base in the north of Rakhine on Aug. 25 provoked the military counter-offensive that refugees say is aimed at pushing Rohingya out of the country. A similar but smaller wave of attacks by the same insurgents last October also sparked what critics called a heavy-handed response by the security forces that sent 87,000 Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh. Reports from refugees and rights groups paint a picture of widespread attacks on Rohingya villages in the north of Rakhine by the security forces and ethnic Rakhine Buddhists, who have put numerous Muslim villages to the torch. But Myanmar authorities have denied that the security forces, or Buddhist civilians, have been setting the fires, instead blaming the insurgents. Nearly 30,000 Buddhist villagers have also been displaced, they say. The U.N. Security Council is to meet on Wednesday behind closed doors for the second time during the crisis since Aug. 25. British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft said he hoped there would be a public statement agreed by the council on the crisis.  It is important that the Security Council plays its role in responding,  said Sweden s U.N. Ambassador Olof Skoog said on Tuesday. Britain and Sweden requested the meeting.  However, rights groups slammed the 15-member council for not holding a public meeting. Diplomats have said China and Russia would likely object to such a move and protect Myanmar if there was any push for council action to try and end the crisis.   This is ethnic cleansing on a large scale it seems, and the Security Council can t open its doors and stand in front of the cameras? It s appalling, frankly,  Human Rights Watch U.N. director Louis Charbonneau told reporters on Tuesday. Sherine Tadros, head Amnesty International in New York, said if the council doesn t act  the price is being paid.    The danger is without some sort of public proclamation by Security Council members ... the message that you re sending to the Myanmar government is deadly, and they will continue to do it,  Tadros told reporters.  The exodus to Bangladesh shows no sign of slowing with 370,000 the latest estimate, according to a U.N. refugee agency spokeswoman, up from an estimate of 313,000 on the weekend. Bangladesh was already home to about 400,000 Rohingyas. Many refugees are hungry and sick, without shelter or clean water in the middle of the rainy season. The United Nations said 200,000 children needed urgent support. Two emergency flights organized by the U.N. refugee agency arrived in Bangladesh with aid for about 25,000 refugees. More flights are planned with the aim of helping 120,000, a spokesman said. Worry is also growing about conditions inside Rakhine State, with fears a hidden humanitarian crisis may be unfolding. Myanmar has rejected a ceasefire declared by ARSA to enable the delivery of aid there, saying it did not negotiate with terrorists. But Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said Myanmar should set up safe zones to enable the refugees to go home.  Myanmar will have to take back all Rohingya refugees who entered Bangladesh,  Hasina said on a visit to the Cox s Bazar border district where she distributed aid.  Myanmar has created the problem and they will have to solve it,  she said, adding:  We want peaceful relations with our neighbors, but we can t accept any injustice.  Stop this violence against innocent people.  Myanmar has said those who can verify their citizenship can return but most Rohingya are stateless. In Beijing, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said,  The international community should support Myanmar in its efforts to safeguard development and stability.  ",1
20252,Senate leader opposes 'lecturing' Myanmar leader Suu Kyi,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday he would not support a resolution targeting Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi over the treatment of the country s Rohingya Muslims, and said Washington should not be  lecturing  her.   I don t favor a resolution going after her,  McConnell, who has been engaged with issues related to Myanmar, also known as Burma, for years.  I think she s the greatest hope that we have to move Burma from where it has been, a military dictatorship, to where I hope it s going.  Senators John McCain, a Republican, and Richard Durbin, a Democrat, introduced a resolution last week condemning the violence and urging Suu Kyi to act. But McConnell said he did not support the resolution.  My personal view is America kind of singling her out, and lecturing her when she s in a very challenging position is not helpful. So ... I don t intend to be a part of that,  he said at a weekly news conference by the Senate s Republican leaders. McConnell did not respond to a question about whether there was any consideration of reconsidering Democratic former President Barack Obama s lifting of sanctions on Myanmar. International pressure has been mounting on Myanmar to end violence that has sent about 370,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh. The Trump administration has called for protection of civilians, and Bangladesh has urged safe zones so refugees can return home. While Washington has been a staunch supporter of Myanmar s transition from decades of harsh military rule being led by Suu Kyi, the Nobel laureate has been criticized as doing too little to stop the violence. In addition to co-sponsoring the resolution, McCain, the influential chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said on Tuesday he would seek to remove U.S. military cooperation with Myanmar from a sweeping defense policy bill now making its way through Congress. The 2018 National Defense Authorization Act, or NDAA, had called for expanded military cooperation.  While I had hoped the NDAA could contribute to positive reform in Burma, I can no longer support expanding military-to-military cooperation given the worsening humanitarian crisis and human rights crackdown against the Rohingya people,  McCain said in a statement. ",1
20253,Russia: Moscow does not want to escalate situation around U.S. diplomats - agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow does not want to escalate the situation around U.S. diplomats in Russia, Russian news agencies cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying on Tuesday after talks with U.S. Undersecretary of State Thomas Shannon in Helsinki. Ryabkov said Moscow is not currently planning to further reduce the number of U.S. diplomatic staff in Russia, the agencies reported. ",1
20254,U.S. diplomatic tiff with Russia should not be escalated: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson believes the diplomatic tiff between Russia and the United States should not be escalated further and hopes the two countries can begin working to improve ties, a State Department spokeswoman said on Tuesday.  I think the secretary believes that no further escalatory action is necessary at this point and we look forward to trying to forge ahead,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a briefing after being asked the possibility of further diplomatic cuts by the two sides. Nauert also noted that Ambassador Joseph Yun, the U.S. special representative for North Korean policy, was in Moscow on Tuesday for talks with Russian officials about efforts to curb Pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs. ",1
20255,"Barzani vows to press on with Kurdish referendum, defying Iraq parliament","BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq s Kurdish leader Massoud Barzani vowed on Tuesday to press ahead with a referendum on Kurdish independence on Sept. 25 despite a vote by Iraq s parliament to reject the move. Earlier the parliament in Baghdad authorized the prime minister to  take all measures  to preserve Iraq s unity. Kurdish lawmakers walked out of the session before the vote and issued statements rejecting the decision. Western powers fear a plebiscite in Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdish region - including the oil-rich city of Kirkuk - could ignite conflict with the central government in Baghdad and divert attention from the war against Islamic State militants. Iraq s neighbors - Turkey, Iran and Syria - also oppose the referendum, fearing it could fan separatism among their own ethnic Kurdish populations.  The referendum will be held on time... Dialogue with Baghdad will resume after the referendum,  Barzani, president of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG), said in a statement on his ruling party s official website after the vote. Barzani told a gathering of Kurds, Arabs and Turkmen in  Kirkuk that the referendum was  a natural right , according to a tweet from his aide Hemin Hawrami. Barzani also said Kirkuk should have a  special status  in a new, independent Kurdistan. Iraqi lawmakers worry that the referendum will consolidate Kurdish control over several areas claimed by both the central government in Baghdad and the autonomous KRG in northern Iraq.      This referendum lacks a constitutional basis and thus it is considered unconstitutional,  the parliamentary resolution said, without specifying what measures the central government should take to stop Kurdistan from breaking away. Mohammed al-Karbouli, a Sunni Muslim lawmaker, said:  Kurdish lawmakers walked out of (Tuesday s) session but the decision to reject the referendum was passed by a majority.  A senior Kurdish official dismissed the vote as non-binding though an Iraqi lawmaker said it would be published in the official gazette after approval from the Iraqi presidency. The KRG has said it is up to local councils of disputed regions in northern Iraq to decide whether to join the vote. Kirkuk, an ethnically mixed city, voted last month to participate in the referendum, a move that stoked tensions with its Arab and Turkmen residents, as well as with Baghdad. Kurdish peshmerga forces took control of the Kirkuk area and other areas claimed by both Baghdad and the Kurds after Islamic State militants overran about a third of Iraq in 2014 and Baghdad s local forces disintegrated. At a news conference on Tuesday, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the Kurds were continuing to  illegally export  Kirkuk s oil, and he called for urgent talks.  I call upon the Kurdish leadership to come to Baghdad and conclude a dialogue,  Abadi said. A Kurdish delegation met officials in Baghdad for a first round of talks in August concerning the referendum. An Iraqi delegation was expected to visit the Kurdish capital of Erbil in early September for a second round of talks, but the visit has yet to happen with less than two weeks before the vote. Kurds have sought an independent state since at least the end of World War One, when colonial powers divided up the Middle East after the collapse of the multi-ethnic Ottoman Empire and left Kurdish-populated territory split between Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria. ",1
20256,"Hezbollah declares Syria victory, Russia says much of country won back","BEIRUT/MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah has declared victory in the Syrian war while Russia said government forces had driven militants from much of the country where President Bashar al-Assad s rule seemed in danger two years ago. The comments from two Syrian government allies mark the most confident assessments yet of Assad s position in the war, though significant parts of the country remain outside the government s control. Russia s assertion that the army had won back 85 percent of Syria was dismissed by the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. It said the government held 48 percent of Syria. On Tuesday, Russia s defense minister met with Assad in Damascus to discuss joint military efforts and the fight against Islamic State. The government s most recent advances have recovered swathes of territory in eastern Syria from Islamic State, which is being targeted in the same region by U.S.-backed Kurdish and Arab militias. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, whose group has sent thousands of fighters to Syria, dismissed the fighting left to be done in Syria as  scattered battles .  We have won in the war (in Syria),  he said in comments reported by the Lebanese newspaper al-Akhbar. Referring to Assad s opponents, Nasrallah said  the path of the other project has failed and wants to negotiate for some gains . The comments, made at a religious gathering, were confirmed to Reuters by a source familiar with the speech. Hundreds of thousands of people have been killed in the conflict, which has fractured Syria into a patchwork of areas and generated a refugee crisis of historic proportions, forcing millions of people into neighboring states and Europe. Military backing from Iran and Russia has proven critical to Assad in the war with insurgents including rebels who have been backed by Gulf Arab states, Turkey and the United States, which has decided to end a program of covert support to rebels. Rebel groups were making steady advances against Assad as recently as 2015, when the deployment of the Russian air force to Syria turned the tide in his favor.  Over the past year, Assad has crushed numerous pockets of rebel-held territory in the cities of Aleppo, Homs and Damascus, brokering local deals by which thousands of his opponents have been moved to remaining rebel-held enclaves of the country. Ceasefire deals brokered by Russia, Turkey, Iran and the United States in remaining rebel-held areas of western Syria have freed up manpower on the government side, helping its advance east into the oil-rich province of Deir al-Zor. Russian defense minister Sergei Shoigu visited Assad on Tuesday on the orders of President Vladimir Putin, the ministry said. The meeting focused on plans to recapture Deir al-Zor city and to  strengthen efforts to combat terrorism in all Syrian territory until its utter annihilation,  Assad s office said. Shoigu and Assad discussed the de-escalation deals in parts of Syria that have  sped up the victories of the Syrian army and its allies in fighting terrorism in other areas , it said. Government forces last week reached Deir al-Zor city, the provincial capital on the Euphrates River, breaking an Islamic State siege of a government-held pocket and a nearby air base.  To date, 85 percent of Syria s territory has been cleared of the militants of illegal armed groups,  the RIA news agency cited Alexander Lapin, chief of staff of the Russian military contingent in Syria, as saying. Lapin made no reference to a swathe of territory held in northern Syria by an alliance of U.S.-backed militias - the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) which is led by the Kurdish YPG and is not at war with Assad. The Observatory said SDF-held territory amounts to 23 percent of Syria.  Lapin said Islamic State fighters are still in control of around 27,000 square km of Syria s territory.  The liberation of (Deir al-Zor) city is proceeding,  Lapin said.  Syrian troops are finalizing the defeat of the ISIL group blocking the northern and southern districts of Deir al-Zor,  he said. He said the assault was being led by General Suheil al-Hassan, a Syrian officer who has risen to prominence in the war.           Referring to the Russian figure of 85 percent, a Western diplomat said:  Other numbers tell a darker story: over 400,000 killed; half the population displaced; millions of refugees.   The harder question for Russia to answer is whether any of its vaunted 85 percent is stable. The Assad state is a thin veneer stretched over a patchwork of fiefdoms.  The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said air strikes likely to have been carried out by Russian warplanes killed 69 people since Sunday near the Euphrates River in Deir al-Zor. The Russian Defence Ministry did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment on Tuesday s report by the Britain-based monitoring group. The Observatory, which identified the victims as civilians, said the air strikes had hit encampments on the western bank of the river and vessels crossing to the eastern side. Syrian state television separately reported the army was conducting artillery and machine gun attacks on rafts carrying Islamic State militants to the eastern side of the river from their last positions in Deir al-Zor city.  Their only escape route out of the city is through rafts on the river, and god willing, we will target them in the water before they get away,  a commander said in a televised interview. Aside from the territory held by the SDF and Islamic State, rebels still control a corner of the northwest, a corner of the southwest, an area near Damascus, and an area north of the city of Homs. Syrian government attacks in the rebel-held Eastern Ghouta region near Damascus suggest Assad may yet try to recapture the remaining rebel-held areas of the west, including enclaves at the borders with Turkey, Jordan and Israel. A major general in the Syrian Republican Guard interviewed by a state-run TV station from Deir al-Zor on Monday warned Syrians who had  run away or escaped from Syria to any other country  not to return. Major General Issam Zahreddine, head of the 104 Brigade which was under IS-siege for three years in Deir al-Zor, later issued a clarification on his Facebook page, saying his warning had been directed only at people who had taken up arms.     ",1
20257,"In Mexican town, women and 'muxes' take charge after massive quake","JUCHITAN, Mexico (Reuters) - Destruction wrought by Mexico s massive earthquake has put a spotlight on the quasi-matriarchal indigenous traditions of the worst affected town, with women and third-gender  muxes  playing a leading role in the aftermath of the disaster.  Located in Mexico s narrow isthmus region, about 400 miles (644 km) southeast of capital Mexico City, Juchitan bore the brunt of the 8.1 magnitude earthquake that flattened thousands of buildings in the humid market town in a matter of seconds and took at least 98 lives nationwide. In vivid contrast to Mexico s macho, male-dominated society, travelers have noted since at least the 1800s the relative equality of Juchitan s mainly Zapotec men and women, as well as the prominence of muxes, Zapotecs born biologically male who mix gay and feminine identity. After the earth shook violently just before midnight on Thursday, women, muxes and men all leapt into action, in many cases pulling away rubble with their bare hands.  I carried my mother out as I left the house, and then my brother and I went to rescue my aunt who was trapped,  Peregrina Vera, a tall, 26-year-old muxe, said in a sing-song voice, her long hair tied in a bun.  She then helped pull up rubble to free her grandmother after hearing shouts for help, Vera said, sitting in an outdoor patio just beyond the collapsed walls of her house, where two aggressive pet ducks snapped brightly colored bills at visitors. Locals say there is a muxe in every Juchitan family. They are widely accepted despite an ingrained Roman Catholic heritage and known for dedication to family, especially for taking care of mothers as other siblings move out. Among the severely damaged buildings was the downtown market, the most important for miles around and the heart of Zapotec women s economic power for more than a century. Slated for demolition due to the quake damage, its loss is a blow to Juchitan s women. Irma Lopez, 44, who sold traditional indigenous clothing, was proud that 80 percent of market vendors were women but said it meant they were particularly hard hit by the destruction.   We are the ones who have lost the most,  Lopez said, standing just outside the market as a light rain fell. She was waiting for relatives to help remove her last boxes of merchandise, as trucks pulled up to haul away her and other women s goods. In an 1859 account, French traveler and historian Brasseur de Bourbourg appreciatively described the sprawling marketplace as run by strong, unrestrained women who  openly made fun of their men ... with a shamelessness hardly equaled.  Roughly eight in 10 residents of Juchitan are indigenous, mostly Zapotec. Women are typically also in charge of family finances, said Felina Santiago, a muxe and beauty shop owner, speaking outside her badly damaged home.   Many say Juchitan is the ultimate matriarchy. It s a city of women who fight, who work hard,  Santiago said.  Now more than ever, we re going to work to get back on our feet,  she said, just as a structure on her block loudly collapsed, causing a sudden stir as neighbors rushed to the spot. No one was hurt. In Juchitan s Seventh Division residential neighborhood, Margarita Lopez, a 56-year-old domestic worker, craned her head as she stood in a crowd of women waiting for a promised delivery of government aid, which turned out to be mostly canned food.  Yes, we have our husbands, and we don t leave them behind. But we women matter more. We take decisions, more than the men do,  she said, as others nearby nodded in agreement. Lopez spoke of how it is common in the city of about 100,000 people for husbands to help with household chores like cooking and washing dishes, in a country where such tasks are traditionally seen as the preserve of women. Men find the division of labor in the area  natural,  said male Juchitan surgeon Ovidio Pineda. Women and men  share the decisions, share the responsibilities,  he added. Martha Toledo, whose bar housed in a 200-year-old building collapsed in the quake, killing three clients, said the disaster would not crush Juchitan s spirit, as another aftershock sent her and others running to safety.      Women stand out here, in terms of work and intelligence and experience,  she said, wearing a traditional huipil top and standing near the pile of rubble that was once the bar.  We have to rebuild and rise like the phoenix,  she said, breaking out into a song in the Zapotec language with the chorus  I want to shout, I am alive!  ",1
20258,Italian parliament votes to toughen laws against fascist propaganda,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s lower house of parliament approved on Tuesday a bill aimed at curbing fascist propaganda, more than 70 years after the death of wartime dictator Benito Mussolini. The draft law, proposed by the ruling Democratic Party (PD), follows a politically charged summer, with human rights groups warning of growing racism in Italy in the face of mass immigration across the Mediterranean from Africa. Under existing laws, pro-fascist propaganda is only penalized if it is seen to be part of an effort to revive the old Fascist Party. The new bill raises the stakes by outlawing the stiff-armed Roman salute as well as the distribution of fascist or Nazi party imagery and gadgets. Offenders risk up to two years in jail, with sentences raised by a further eight months if the fascist imagery is distributed over the Internet. The legislation now passes to the upper house Senate for further approval. Opposition parties, including the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement and the center-right Forza Italia (Go Italy) party of former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi, said the bill posed a threat to freedom of speech. But Emanuele Fiano, a PD lawmaker who drew up the legislation, dismissed such concerns.  This bill does not attack personal freedoms but will act as a brake on neo-fascist regurgitation and a return of extreme right-wing ideology,  he said. Mussolini ruled over Italy from 1922 until 1943. He took Italy into World War Two on Adolf Hitler s side and passed race laws under which thousands of Jews were persecuted.  Italy was routed by the allied forces and Mussolini, also known as  Il Duce , was executed in 1945. ANTI-IMMIGRANT SENTIMENT Mussolini is still admired by a hard core of supporters on the far-right and posters using fascist imagery regularly appear on city billboards   most recently in a stylized picture of a white woman being assaulted by a muscular black man.  Defend her from the new invaders,  said the poster, put up by a fringe party called Forza Nuova (New Force). The group was referring to a high-profile rape case last month when four foreigners were accused of gang-raping a Polish tourist. More than 600,000 migrants, mainly Africans, have come to Italy over the past four years, boosting anti-immigration sentiment in the country and pushing up support for rightist and far-right parties that demand rigid border controls. Given the political climate, the ruling PD was forced on Tuesday to delay its push to approve a contested law that would grant citizenship to the children of immigrants. Opposition parties said the law would encourage migrants to try to come to Italy and claimed victory when the PD announced it was dropping the bill from the Senate schedule this month.  To approve this bill we need a majority, but we don t have one right now in the Senate,  said Luigi Zanda, head of the PD in the upper house of parliament.  ",1
20259,U.S. lawmakers want 'supercharged' response to North Korea nuclear tests,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Frustrated U.S. lawmakers called on Tuesday for a high-powered response to North Korea s nuclear tests, saying Washington should act alone if necessary to stiffen sanctions on companies from China, Russia and any country doing business with Pyongyang.  I believe the response from the United States and our allies should be supercharged,  said Representative Ed Royce, chairman of the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee.  We need to use every ounce of leverage ... to put maximum pressure on this rogue regime,  the Republican congressman told a hearing on North Korea.  Time is running out.  The U.N. Security Council stepped up sanctions on Monday following Pyongyang s sixth nuclear test on Sept. 3, imposing a ban on textile exports and capping oil imports.  It was the ninth sanctions resolution unanimously adopted by the council since 2006 over North Korea s ballistic missile and nuclear programs. To win Chinese and Russian support, Washington dropped demands including a bid for an oil embargo. At the hearing, U.S. officials released American intelligence findings on how North Korea smuggles coal and commodities to Russia and China. Assistant Treasury Secretary Marshall Billingslea displayed slides showing ships he said picked up coal and other commodities in North Korea, illegally turning off their electronic identification systems to hide the fact that they were carrying cargo to China and Russia.  Pyongyang falsifies the identity of vessels to make it harder for governments to determine if ships docking in their ports are linked to North Korea,  Billingslea said. An Aug. 5 U.N. resolution banned North Korean exports of coal. Russia and China both say they respect U.N. sanctions. Committee members expressed frustration that previous sanctions had not deterred Pyongyang.  We ve been played by the Kims for years,  Republican Representative Ted Poe said, referring to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and his predecessors. Lawmakers pressed Billingslea, and Acting Assistant Secretary of State Susan Thornton for evidence new sanctions would be more effective. They acknowledged there had not been sufficient evidence that past sanctions had worked, but insisted the administration would work for a better result this time.  We can designate Chinese banks and companies unilaterally, giving them a choice between doing business with North Korea or the United States,  said Royce, who had breakfast on Tuesday with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.  We should go after banks and companies in other countries that do business with North Korea the same way,  he said. ",1
20260,"In first, U.S. defense chief to attend Mexican Independence Day events","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s defense secretary plans this week to become the first Pentagon chief to travel to Mexico for its Independence Day activities, the Defense Department said on Tuesday, in a sign that defense ties are withstanding political tensions between the two countries. U.S.-Mexican relations have been strained by Trump s threats to curtail trade with Latin America s No. 2 economy as well as his demand that Mexico pay for a border wall to keep out immigrants and drug traffickers. Jim Mattis  planned trip on Friday would be only the fifth by a U.S. defense secretary to Mexico, said Pentagon spokesman Army Lieutenant Colonel Jamie Davis.   Secretary Mattis  visit to Mexico reaffirms our commitment to the bilateral defense relationship and to the North America community,  Davis said. Although Mexico s official Independence Day is on Sept. 16, most celebrations take place on Sept. 15. The event commemorates the launch of Mexico s war of independence from Spain in 1810.  The fact that Mattis would be visiting for such an important national event is itself notable.  Mexicans have a long memory of the Mexican-American War of 1846-1848, which led to Mexico s loss of almost half its territory to the United States. The war has long made U.S.-Mexican military cooperation a somewhat sensitive subject in Mexico. The visit by Mattis also comes amid signs of improving U.S.-Mexican cooperation in cracking down on the heroin trade. Reuters reported in April that Mexico s army was allowing the United States and the United Nations to observe opium poppy eradication. [nL2N1HE07M] The Mexican army took U.S. military officials on helicopter tours of half a dozen sites in Sinaloa and Chihuahua, two of the three states that along with Durango make up the Golden Triangle where most Mexican opium is produced, one of the sources said at the time. ",1
20261,May's Conservatives win vote to bolster party's numbers on committees,"(Reuters) - British lawmakers voted on Tuesday in favor of handing the governing Conservatives greater say on committees that scrutinize laws, a move denounced by the opposition as an attempt to  rig parliament . The government won by 320 votes to 301, a day after lawmakers passed legislation to sever ties with the European Union. May lost the Conservatives  majority in a June election, forcing her government to rely on the support of a small Northern Irish party to pass laws. ",1
20262,"U.N. ban on North Korean textiles will disrupt industry and ordinary lives, experts say","BEIJING/CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Nations sanctions on North Korea s important textiles industry are expected to disrupt a business largely based in China and pose compliance headaches for clothing retailers in the United States and around the world.  The U.N. security Council imposed a ban on North Korea textile exports and a ceiling on the country s imports of crude oil on Monday, ratcheting up sanctions designed to pressure North Korea into talks about its nuclear weapons and missile programs.      Retailers in the United States and other countries have intentionally limited their exposure to North Korea in recent years, as tensions over the country s nuclear program have increased. The industry has sought to strengthen control over its supply chain since a textile factory collapse in Bangladesh killed more than 1,100 people in 2013.  Larger retailers, such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), have the ability to keep North Korea-produced goods out of their stores. But smaller brands may face enforcement challenges, said Marc Wulfraat, president of supply chain consulting firm MWPVL International.  There are still hundreds and thousands of companies that are sourcing from overseas that don t have the wherewithal or the resources or people or money to chase after these issues,  Wulfraat said. Textiles were North Korea s second-biggest export after coal and other minerals in 2016, totaling $752 million, according to data from the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency. Nearly 80 percent went to China. Enforcement of the textile ban along North Korea s 1,400-km (870-mile) border with China - where goods are sometimes smuggled across, often on boats at night - could be challenging, North Korea experts say.   In the past, we have seen shows of quite convincing enforcement in the major centers, such as at Dandong,  said Chris Green, a North Korea expert at Leiden University in the Netherlands, referring to the largest trading hub on the China-North Korea border. Goods still slip through in less visible areas, he said.  Trade in non-banned goods, including food and other daily necessities, continues between China and North Korea.  Enforcement will depend a lot on China,  said Paul Tjia, an outsourcing specialist who regularly visits North Korea.  So far, a lot of the North Korean textiles trade to Europe and other places goes via China.   It will be up to Chinese companies that deal in the North Korean textile trade to take action and up to the Chinese government to ensure the Chinese companies are taking action.  On a recent visit to the Chinese border with North Korea, several Chinese traders told Reuters the Chinese government is strictly enforcing U.N. sanctions to the point that some businesses that rely on trade with North Korea have already gone bankrupt or traders have had to start trading in non-sanctioned goods.  Another challenge is that clothes can be partly made in China and partly in North Korea with a  Made in China  label attached to the finished product.  Even if a label says  Made in China,  some parts of the product are allowed to be made in North Korea and other places,  Tjia said.  For example, the buttons may come from Italy, the cotton may come from Australia or India, the labor may come from North Korea or China, the accessories may come from Bangladesh.    A spokeswoman for Target Corp (TGT.N) said the company has taken steps to keep even unfinished goods from North Korea out of its supply chain.   We re aware of the accusations and have clear guidelines and standards in place for our vendors and suppliers,  said spokeswoman Jenna Rack.  We don t source any products from North Korea or any apparel products from Dandong.  North Korea does not release statistics on the number of people involved in the textiles industry, but experts estimate  at least 100,000 people are employed at North Korean textiles factories, producing goods both for export and the domestic market.  Cheng Xiaohe, a North Korea specialist at Beijing s Renmin University, estimates the figure may be as high as 200,000 people.  Wages at textiles factories grew tenfold around 2010 when North Korea was experimenting with economic reforms, according to Green, so people suddenly went from earning 30 North Korean won to 300 won.  They were suddenly getting a reasonable wage,  said Green. Supply chain consultant Tjia said North Korea textile workers will be hit by the trade ban.  If the goal of the sanctions is to create difficulties for ordinary workers and their ability to make a livelihood, then a ban on textiles will work,  he said. ",1
20263,More arrests in apparent Saudi campaign against critics: activists,"(Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has detained more clerics and intellectuals, activists said on social media on Tuesday, widening an apparent crackdown on potential opponents of the conservative kingdom s absolute rulers. The crackdown comes amid widespread speculation, denied by officials, that King Salman intends to abdicate in favor of his son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who already dominates economic, diplomatic and domestic policy. It also comes amid a deepening rift between Saudi Arabia and its allies on one side and Qatar on the other. Exiled Saudi opposition activists have called for protests on Friday to galvanize resistance to the royal family. The al-Saud family has always regarded Islamist groups as the biggest internal threat to its rule over a country in which appeals to religious sentiment cannot be lightly dismissed and an al Qaeda campaign a decade ago killed hundreds. Prominent Islamist clerics Salman al-Awdah, Awad al-Qarni and Ali al-Omary were detained over the weekend, according to Saudi sources. On Tuesday, activists dedicated to monitoring and documenting what they describe as  prisoners of conscience  reported that at least eight other prominent figures, including clerics, academics, television anchors and a poet, had been  confirmed  detained since Monday.  ALQST, a London-based Saudi rights group, also reported more arrests, including several of the same people, although it gave no specific figure.  Al-Awdah, al-Qarni, Farhan al-Malki and Mostafa Hassan (are confirmed),  said Yahya al-Assiri, the center s head, referring to four of those reported to have been arrested.  The rest are also correct, but I don t have any specific information,  he added. Saudi officials could not be reached for comment. State news agency SPA said earlier on Tuesday that authorities had uncovered  intelligence activities for the benefit of foreign parties  by a group of people it did not identify. A Saudi security source told Reuters the suspects were accused of  espionage activities and having contacts with external entities including the Muslim Brotherhood , which Riyadh has classified as a terrorist organization. The government toughened its stance on dissent following the Arab Spring in 2011 after it averted unrest by offering billions of dollars in handouts and state spending. But the Brotherhood, which represents an ideological threat to Riyadh s dynastic system of rule, has gained power elsewhere in the region. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt cut diplomatic and transport links with Qatar in June over its alleged support for Islamists including the Brotherhood   a charge that Doha denies. Awdah reportedly was detained after he posted a message on his Twitter account welcoming a possible end to the rift between Qatar and other Arab countries which began in Egypt. Activists also suggested that poet Ziad bin Neheet may have been detained for posting a video in which he chastised journalists who had exploited the row with Qatar to heap abuse on each other.  What is happening between Qatar and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is a normal thing in a political dispute, but the role which the media carried out was very, very negative,  he said. Activists have published a list of eight other people they fear may be arrested next. ",1
20264,Egypt defends human rights position after criticism from OHCHR,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s United Nations envoy on Tuesday criticized U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein s remarks on systemic violence in the country, saying they reflected  flawed logic , state news agency MENA reported. Ambassador Amr Ramadan was quoted as saying that he had cautioned Zeid against his office becoming a  mouthpiece for paid agencies with political and economic agendas,  and he rejected his accusations, without elaborating. At a UN Human Rights Council meeting in Geneva on Monday, Hussein said the state of emergency declared by the Egyptian government last April had been used to justify  systemic silencing of civil society.  He cited reports of waves of arrests, arbitrary detention, black-listing, travel bans, asset freezes, intimidation and other reprisals against human rights defenders, journalists, political dissidents and those affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood group. Last week Egypt came under fire from Human Rights Watch, which said in a report that there was systemic torture in the country s jails, leading Cairo to block access to HRW s website. Egypt s human rights parliamentary committee, which was critical of the report, has also developed an action plan in response, state media reported on Tuesday. The plan reportedly includes meeting with foreign diplomats in Egypt and outside the country to explain its efforts to defend human rights. (Corrects acronym of UN body in headline, last name of Commissioner on second reference.) ",1
20265,Trump to visit Florida on Thursday in wake of hurricane: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House announced on Tuesday that U.S. President Donald Trump would travel to Florida later this week as the administration continues to monitor the damage from Hurricanes Irma and Harvey.  The president and the entire administration continue to monitor the situation in Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Florida, Texas and all areas affected by Hurricanes Irma and Harvey,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said in making the announcement. ",1
20266,Catalan police say Sagrada Familia bomb scare was false alarm,MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan police declared a false alarm on Tuesday following a bomb scare that had led agents to cordon off Barcelona s Sagrada Familia church and send in a bomb squad to check a parked van. Police said on Twitter that there had been no arrests as a result of the incident and that the area had returned to normal. ,1
20267,Amnesty International urges Egypt to release detained Nubian activists,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Amnesty International urged Egyptian authorities on Tuesday to release 24 Nubian activists detained last week on charges of protesting without permission as they rallied for resettlement on the banks of the Nile river. For half a century, Egypt s Nubians have lobbied the government in Cairo for a return to their homelands on the banks of the upper Nile, desperate to reclaim territory their ancestors first cultivated 3,000 years ago.  Egyptian authorities have long since marginalized Nubians, ignoring their demands to return to their historical lands and treating Nubian activism as suspicious on security grounds,  Amnesty International s North Africa Campaigns Director Najia Bounaim said in a statement.  Instead of flagrantly flouting Nubians  rights to freedom of expression and assembly by continuing to detain them over their peaceful protest, the authorities must release these 24 activists from custody immediately.  According to the statement, the activists had not marched far before they were surrounded and beaten by security officers. The activists  lawyer, Mohamed Abdel Salam, told Reuters last week they were also charged with incitement of protests and disrupting public safety. ",1
20268,Israel's supreme court cancels conscription exemption law,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel s Supreme Court on Tuesday canceled legislation exempting Jewish religious seminary students from military service, angering ultra-Orthodox lawmakers who could destabilize Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s coalition. A panel of nine justices ruled that parts of the conscription law that exempt seminary students from service were  unreasonable and unconstitutional . It gave the government a year to resolve the matter. For decades, the exemption from military service on religious grounds for seminary students has caused friction in Israeli society, where most Jewish men and women are called up for military service when they turn 18. The ultra-Orthodox say that their study of the Torah is vital for the continued survival of the Jewish people and also fear that young men serving in the army would come into contact with women and with less pious elements in society.  Several hundred ultra-Orthodox men have, however, enlisted in special units that cater to their religious needs.  Legislation was enacted in 2014 to replace arrangements that had previously expired. It was prompted by then-coalition member Yair Lapid s secular, centrist Yesh Atid party which ran on a platform of  sharing the national burden . That legislation angered ultra-Orthodox parties who rejoined  Netanyahu s subsequent government in 2015 when Lapid s party went into opposition and they managed to effect a watering down of the law. Eight of the nine justices ruled the law should be scrapped and Supreme Court President Miriam Naor, wrote that the most recent arrangement that was made to appease the ultra-Orthodox parties  deeply harms equality in a way that damages the constitutional right to human dignity.  Since Israel s founding in 1948, ultra-Orthodox politicians have campaigned vigorously against the conscription of members of their community, who make up about 10 percent of Israel s population of 9 million.  Netanyahu s government, which controls 67 of the Knesset s 120 seats, includes both ultra-Orthodox parties, but two other influential factions oppose a further relaxation of the legislation against conscription. Interior Minister Aryeh Deri, the leader of the ultra-Orthodox Shas party, said in response to the ruling that the justices were  completely detached from our heritage and tradition and from the people.  He encouraged seminary students to continue their Bible studies and said:  Do not despair, continue to study the Torah, we will stand firm and will do everything to fix this situation.  Lapid, whom opinion polls have shown to be a possible challenger to Netanyahu in future elections, convened a news conference to praise the court s decision, saying it had  delivered a verdict that would force equality among communities.  This is why we have come to politics. Conscription for everybody, work for everybody. Benjamin Netanyahu can no longer continue to wriggle out all the time. Military conscription is for everybody, not only for the suckers who don t have a party in his coalition,  Lapid added. ",1
20269,Opposition stays away as Kenyatta warns against 'destructive division',"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta opened parliament on Tuesday by warning against divisive and destructive politics, while opposition lawmakers boycotted the legislature and rallied to demand the resignation of election officials. Kenya held parliamentary, presidential and local elections on Aug. 8, but the Supreme Court nullified the presidential  results three weeks later, citing irregularities in the tallying process. New elections are scheduled for Oct. 17. While calling for unity and respect for the constitution, Kenyatta delivered a thinly veiled warning to the opposition lawmakers who had chosen to stay away from parliament.  My government will not tolerate anyone intent on disrupting our hard-won peace and stability. Under no circumstances must Kenyans ever allow our free competitive processes to become a threat to the peace and security of our nation,  he said, to foot-stamping and cheering from ruling party legislators.    We shall continue to encourage vibrant democratic competition, we shall not allow destructive division.  As he spoke, opposition leaders held a rally in Kibera, the capital s largest slum, rejecting the Oct. 17 date unless officials on the election board, whom they blame for mishandling the polls, resign.   Now we are putting it squarely to you that the Supreme Court of this country has found you incompetent,  said Kalonzo Musyoka, running mate of Kenyatta s presidential rival Raila Odinga. The surprise election annulment initially raised fears of short-term political turmoil in Kenya, the region s richest nation and a staunch Western ally in a region roiled by conflict.  But it also raised hopes among frustrated opposition supporters, who believe the last three elections have been stolen from them, that the east African nation s tarnished courts could deliver them justice.  That hope helped tamp down protests that threatened to spark the kind of violence that followed disputed 2007 elections, when around 1,200 people were killed in ethnic bloodletting.  In a separate development, a ruling party lawmaker and a former opposition senator appeared in a Nairobi court, charged with incitement to violence over speeches they had made in the past week. Both were freed on a 300,000 Kenya shilling ($3,000) bond.  A government body monitoring hate speech says that it has seen a spike since the Supreme Court ruling. More than three times as many incidents were reported in the week following the ruling than during the whole 10-week election campaign, it said. ",1
20270,"Saudi coalition investigates own air strikes, clears itself","RIYADH (Reuters) - A panel set up by the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen to investigate civilian casualties found a series of deadly air strikes largely justified, citing the presence of armed militiamen at the homes, schools and clinics that were targeted. The Joint Incidents Assessment Team said on Tuesday it had discovered mistakes in only three of 15 incidents it reviewed, and maintained the coalition had acted in accordance with international humanitarian law.      Saudi Arabia and its allies have been bombing the Iran-aligned Houthi movement since the Houthis seized much of northern Yemen in 2015. The Houthis have in turn fired rockets toward Saudi cities and villages. They say their attacks are in response to Saudi strikes on Yemeni cities and villages. The war has killed more than 10,000 people. The coalition has been repeatedly criticized for civilian casualties. Human Rights Watch accused it on Tuesday of war crimes, saying air strikes that hit family homes and a grocery store were carried out either deliberately or recklessly, causing indiscriminate loss of civilian lives. The United Nations said on Monday it had verified 5,144 civilian deaths in the war, mainly from coalition bombardment, and an international investigation was urgently needed.  The minimal efforts made towards accountability over the past year are insufficient to respond to the gravity of the continuing and daily violations involved in this conflict,  U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad al Hussein said in Geneva. Speaking in the Saudi capital Riyadh on Tuesday, the panel s legal advisor, Mansour Ahmed al-Mansour, told journalists the coalition had made  an unintended mistake  in bombing a water well-drilling rig north of Yemen s capital Sanaa last year after confusing it with a ballistic missile launcher. The raid reportedly killed 30 people and JIAT recommended the coalition provide  appropriate humanitarian assistance , without elaborating. It urged the same for strikes in Sanaa in June and September 2015 when bombs targeting military objectives mistakenly hit civilian buildings due to  a technical malfunction in aircraft systems . Mansour denied the coalition hit a U.N. compound in Aden in June 2015, which the U.N. secretary general said at the time caused serious structural damage and one casualty. About a January 2016 attack near Saada which killed a Medecins Sans Frontieres ambulance driver and at least five other people, Mansour disputed the vehicle was clearly marked and said the coalition had legitimately targeted it and an ammunition depot it was parked beside.  The vehicle was used for military purposes due to the secondary explosion in the vehicle, which was obvious,  he said. The investigators also absolved the coalition of responsibility for attacks on a Coca-Cola factory in December 2015 and a centre for the blind the following month. ",1
20271,Trump to call Mexico's Pena Nieto in earthquake's wake: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump was scheduled to speak with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on Tuesday about last week s devastating earthquake that led to the deaths of at least 96 people, the White House said. Asked why Trump had not yet called Pena Nieto, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said a telephone call was scheduled to take place within the hour. ",1
20272,"Germany softens stance on Turkish arms sales, citing security","ANKARA/BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday Germany would only restrict some arms sales to Turkey, softening an earlier announcement of a freeze on major arms sales after Ankara said that would hurt their joint fight against Islamic State. Merkel spoke a day after Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said Berlin had put all major arms exports to NATO partner Turkey on hold, citing deteriorating human rights there and strained diplomatic ties. She told broadcaster NDR that Germany would decide on arms sales requests from Turkey on a case-by-case basis, noting that Berlin cooperated with Ankara on security matters.   We also remain in a joint fight against Islamic State,  Merkel said, in an apparent rebuff of the more forceful remarks made by Gabriel, a senior member of the Social Democrats (SPD), junior partners in her ruling coalition. Turkey accused Gabriel of using the issue for political gain ahead of a Sept. 24 national election. The countries  ties through the U.S.-led military alliance have come under increased pressure since Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan started a crackdown on political opponents after a failed coup last year. Germany has criticized mass arrests in Turkey, refused to extradite people Turkey says were involved in the putsch and demanded the release of around a dozen German or Turkish-German citizens arrested in recent months. This month, Merkel went as far as saying she would seek to end Turkey s membership talks with the European Union - drawing accusations from Turkey that she was flirting with populism to build support before the election. Berlin is also considering adding Turkey to a list of countries that pose high security risks for intelligence agents, police officers and military officials, Germany s Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper and two broadcasters reported, citing a spokesman for the Interior Ministry. The list includes China, Russia, Pakistan, North Korea and 26 other countries. Merkel did not give details of what criteria Germany would use to make its case-by-case decisions on arms exports. But in a written response to a question from Greens lawmaker Ozcan Mutlu about German arms exports to Turkey, Economy Ministry state secretary Matthias Machnig said they would not be approved if Berlin suspected they could be used for repression. Machnig s response, dated Sept. 7, also showed arms sales to Turkey had declined significantly since a year earlier. He listed arms exports to Turkey approved between Jan. 1 and Aug. 31 this year - primarily bombs, torpedoes and missiles with some small arms and munitions - worth a total of about 25 million euros ($29.84 million), down from 69 million euros in the same period last year. After Merkel spoke, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said he found the chancellor s approach more  suitable  and chided Gabriel for using the issue to drum up votes. Gabriel s SPD is running 13 to 14 percent behind Merkel s conservatives in many opinion polls. Turkish EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik, speaking in London, had said Gabriel s ban on major arms deals would weaken Turkey s fight against terrorism and make Europe less secure. A NATO spokesman said the alliance has no role in commercial arms sales between member states.   It does not monitor, promote or facilitate such transactions,  the spokesman added. ",1
20273,FACTBOX: About 6.1 million without power in U.S. Southeast after Irma: utilities,"(Reuters) - Power outages from Hurricane Irma dropped to about 6.1 million in Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Alabama by Tuesday afternoon, down from a peak over 7.4 million late Monday, according to local utilities. Most remaining outages were in Florida Power & Light s service area in the southern and eastern parts of the state. FPL, a unit of NextEra Energy Inc and the state s biggest power company, said its outages dipped below 2.8 million by Tuesday afternoon from a peak of over 3.6 million Monday morning. FPL said it expects to restore essentially all of its customers in the eastern portion of Florida by the weekend and the harder-hit western portion of the state by Sept. 22. The company, however, warned it would take longer to restore customers with tornado damage or severe flooding. Florida outages for Duke Energy Corp, which serves the northern and central parts of the state, fell to around 1 million by Tuesday afternoon, down from a peak of about 1.2 million on Monday, according to the company s website. Irma hit southwestern Florida on Sunday morning as a dangerous Category 4 storm, the second-highest level on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale. It gradually weakened to a tropical storm and then a tropical depression on Monday. In Georgia, utilities reported over 1.1 million customers without power Tuesday, down from a peak of around 1.3 million on Monday night. Other big power utilities in Florida are units of Emera Inc and Southern Co, which also operates the biggest electric companies in Georgia and Alabama. The following lists major outages according to the utilities  websites:            Power Company                      State       Out Now         Served                       NextEra - FPL                       FL        2,751,000      4,904,000                       Duke - Florida                      FL        1,000,000      1,800,000                       Southern - Georgia Power            GA         684,400       2,482,000                       Georgia EMCs                        GA         428,000                                  Emera - Tampa Electric              FL         263,600        425,000                       Lee County Electric                 FL         160,900        200,000                       JEA                                 FL         149,000        455,000                       Duke - South Carolina             NC, SC       122,500        740,000                       Clay Electric                       FL         106,100        173,000                       SECO                                FL         84,200         200,600                       Orlando Utilities Commission        FL         79,200         234,700                       Withlacoochee River Electric        FL         68,200         217,000                       Scana                               SC         35,700         720,300                       Keys Energy Services                FL         29,000         29,000                       South Carolina EMCs                 SC         28,500                                   Florida Keys Electric               FL         21,600         33,000                       Alabama Power                       AL         20,000        1,400,000                       Suwanee Valley Electric             FL         19,800         25,600                       Central Florida Electric            FL         17,100         35,600                       Peace River Electric                FL         15,800         40,000                       Glades Electric                     FL         15,800         16,000                       Tri-County Electric                 FL         13,300         18,000                       Talquin Electric                    FL         12,700         51,000                       Gainesville Regional Utilities      FL         12,500         93,000                       Kissimmee Utility Authority         FL          7,000         72,000                       City of Chattanooga EPB             TN          1,500         170,000                       Dominion                          VA, NC         300         2,582,800                       Memphis Gas, Light & Water          TN           100          421,000                                                        Total Out    6,147,800                      ",1
20274,Iraqi PM Abadi says Kurdish independence referendum 'unconstitutional',"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi described the Kurdistan region s planned referendum on independence as  unconstitutional  on Tuesday, hours after parliament voted against the regional plebiscite.  I call upon the Kurdish leadership to come to Baghdad and conclude a dialogue,  Abadi said at a news conference. ",1
20275,Uganda ruling party seeks to scrap age limit to extend president's rule,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Legislators from Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni s party on Tuesday agreed to introduce a law to remove an age limit from the country s constitution, potentially allowing him to extend his rule, two lawmakers told Reuters. The East African country s existing constitution bars anyone over 75 from standing as a presidential candidate. Museveni, 73, is already one of Africa s longest-serving rulers and has been in charge for more than three decades. The next elections are due in 2021. Oil-rich Uganda is a staunch Western ally and receives substantial aid and support for its security forces, partly for sending troops to Somalia as part of an African Union peacekeeping mission. When he first came to power, Museveni was lauded for helping restore stability after two murderous dictators known to use torture and extrajudicial executions widely, and for directing the suppression of a brutal insurgency known for mutilating civilians and kidnapping children. But over the years, criticism has mounted over the suppression of the political opposition, widespread corruption and a poor human rights record. Simeo Nsubuga, a legislator from Museveni s ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM) party, told Reuters the move to amend the constitution was agreed in a special meeting of the party s House members.  We agreed that a private member should come up with a constitutional amendment bill to remove the age limit,  Nsubuga said, adding the bill would be introduced on the floor next week. In July, Uganda s deputy attorney general said cabinet was planning to introduce similar legislation. Most Ugandan laws are introduced by the government via cabinet ministers. But Kafuuzi Jackson Karugaba, another NRM legislator, told Reuters they had decided to take the option of a private member s bill because cabinet was moving  too slowly.   In 2005, NRM legislators changed the constitution and removed a limit of two five-year terms, allowing Museveni to extend his reign. Independent observers said that last year s presidential election lacked transparency and that the poll body lacked credibility. The ageing leader has himself not stated whether he intends to seek another term, and officials have said the proposed constitutional change was not specifically to benefit the incumbent but all of Uganda s future leaders. ",1
20276,Graveyard killing of Belgian mayor was 'revenge': media,"MOUSCRON, Belgium (Reuters) - A Belgian teenager who blamed the local mayor for his father s suicide after he was fired from a town hall job has confessed to slashing the politician s throat in a cemetery on Monday night, public broadcaster RTBF said. The murder of Alfred Gadenne, 71, the mayor of Mouscron and a former lawmaker in the regional parliament, has shocked the country, with the prime minister expressing his  horror . The public prosecutor told Reuters that a man was under arrest after giving himself up to police at the scene after dark in Mouscron, an industrial border town of 57,000 close to the French city of Lille. He declined comment on media reports. RTBF, citing sources including the suspect s lawyer, said he was 18 and told police he was avenging his father, who killed himself two years ago after losing his job as a local council employee. A box-cutter was found at the scene, where the young man had calmly called police to attend around 8 p.m. Gadenne, a conservative whose death prompted tributes from across the national political spectrum, acted as caretaker for the cemetery next to his home and was killed after going there to lock up for the night, as he did every evening. Media reporting of this spare-time occupation during his decade as mayor had allowed the suspect to find Gadenne alone, RTBF said. It added that the man waited until he reached the age of majority so his mother, also a municipal employee, could not be held liable for his actions under Belgian law. Mourners left flowers at the cemetery gates and visited the town hall to sign a book of condolence for the mayor. ",1
20277,"Riot police, hooded youths clash in Paris at labor reform protest","PARIS (Reuters) - Riot police clashed with hooded youths on the fringe of a protest in central Paris against French President Emmanuel Macron s reforms to loosen labor regulations. Police fired water canons and could be seen dragging several demonstrators behind their lines, Reuters TV images showed. ",1
20278,Russian military: Syria government troops control 85 percent of Syria - agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Syrian government forces have to date cleared 85 percent of the country s area from militants, Russian news agencies cited Alexander Lapin, the head of the Russian troops  headquarters in Syria, as saying on Tuesday. Islamic State fighters are still in control of around 27,000 square km of Syria s territory, he said. ",1
20279,Air strikes kill 69 in Syrian east since Sunday: Observatory,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said air strikes likely to have been carried out by Russian warplanes have killed 69 people since Sunday near the Euphrates River in the eastern Syrian province of Deir al-Zor. The Russian defense ministry did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment on Tuesday s report by the Britain-based monitoring group. The Observatory, which identified the victims as civilians, said the air strikes hit civilian encampments on the western bank of the Euphrates and vessels crossing the river to the eastern side. Separately, Syrian state television said on Tuesday Islamic State militants have been using the river to flee the city of Deir al-Zor. With heavy artillery and machineguns, the Syrian army struck rafts carrying militants and crossing the Euphrates to the eastern side, it reported. Islamic State s  only escape route out of the city is through rafts on the river, and, God willing, we will target them in the water before they get away,  a field commander in Deir al-Zor told state TV. ",1
20280,"Russian defense minister, Syria's Assad meet in Damascus: agencies","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu met with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Damascus on Tuesday to discuss the war in Syria, Russian news agencies cited the Russian Defence Ministry as saying. The ministry said Shoigu visited Syria on the orders of Russian President Vladimir Putin. He and Assad discussed military cooperation between Russia and Syria, as well as the countries  joint efforts to defeat Islamic State in Syria, the news agencies reported. ",1
20281,"Brexit talks put back a week, EU expects May speech","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain and the European Union postponed a new round of Brexit negotiations by a week until the end of the month in what EU diplomats said was to allow time for Prime Minister Theresa May to make a key speech in about 10 days. In confirming a delay until Sept. 25, which Brussels had been expecting, the British government said in a statement it was a joint decision taken because  more time for consultation would give negotiators the flexibility to make progress . There has been no confirmation in London that May will make any speech around Sept. 21. There was no immediate official comment from the European Commission, which is the EU executive. However, diplomats in the EU capital said they had been told on Tuesday that the negotiations had been put back  for reasons of the UK political calendar  rather than for any reason in Brussels. EU officials and diplomats expect May to make a keynote speech around Sept. 21 and believe she may use it to outline the kind of transition arrangements Britain wants once it leaves the Union in March 2019 and before a long-term treaty setting out a free trade pact can be fully negotiated and implemented. EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier has, like his counterpart British Brexit minister David Davis, played down the significance of the precise timing of talks in Brussels.  After the last round in late August, Barnier said the sides were far apart on the terms on which Britain will leave. That raised doubts about whether two further rounds scheduled before an EU summit on Oct. 19-20 would show enough progress to let leaders agree to launch negotiations on the post-Brexit relationship. EU sources doubt that May will be ready to give ground as early as this month on EU demands, notably that Britain pay it tens of billions of euros (dollars) on leaving. In early October she faces a tricky first Conservative party conference since she lost her parliamentary majority in an ill-advised snap election. Rather, some EU officials expect May to speak in more detail later this month on the transition. She may explain to impatient Brexit supporters that Britain may remain inside some EU structures - and pay Brussels for the privilege - for some years to avoid a  cliff-edge  disruption to trade and business. Such a policy statement by May, whose divided ministers have lately spoken more unanimously in favor of such a transition, would not in itself mean a shift in the negotiating stance on  divorce  issues, such as expatriates  rights, how much Britain will pay on leaving or land border controls with Ireland. However, delaying the Brussels talks may make it easier for the prime minister to get her message over without distraction. Britain is keen to move on to discuss the future relationship and the transition to it as soon as possible, arguing that all these issues are ultimately intertwined. The other 27 national leaders insist, however, that the divorce talks must show  sufficient progress  - a deliberately vague phrase - before they will negotiate a future trade deal. ",1
20282,Brexit talks postponed to hand negotiators more flexibility: Britain,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said on Tuesday the next Brexit talks had been postponed until Sept. 25 to give  negotiators the flexibility to make progress in the September round . Earlier, Brussels diplomats told Reuters a new round of talks between Britain and the European Union had been delayed until the end of the month to let Prime Minister Theresa May make a key speech on Sept. 21.  The UK and the European Commission have today jointly agreed to start the fourth round of negotiations on September 25,  a government spokesman said in a statement.  Both sides settled on the date after discussions between senior officials in recognition that more time for consultation would give negotiators the flexibility to make progress in the September round.  ",1
20283,Bahrain's king issues decree reorganizing National Security Agency,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Bahrain s King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa issued a decree on Tuesday reorganizing the National Security Agency and appointing Lieutenant General Adel bin Khalifa Al Fadhel as its new president, effective immediately, the state news agency said. The NSA has for decades been central to the Sunni Muslim-ruled kingdom s efforts to overcome protests and occasional violence by members of the country s Shi ite Muslim majority. The king also issued a decree appointing Sheikh Talal bin Mohammed bin Khalifa Al Khalifa as deputy interior minister.  In August, three Bahraini human rights groups accused the Gulf Arab monarchy s NSA of the systematic use of torture.  A security official said at the time it would investigate the allegations.  In 2011, Bahrain put down an uprising by pro-democracy activists, many of them Shi ites. The monarchy believes the opposition seeks to overthrow it by force and accuses Iran of aiding in deadly militant attacks on security forces. Home to the U.S. Fifth Fleet, Bahrain denies opposition claims that it marginalizes Shi ites economically and in government representation. ",1
20284,"Qatar, neighbors trade barbs at Arab League over boycott","CAIRO (Reuters) - Diplomats from Qatar and the four states boycotting it exchanged heated words at an Arab League meeting on Tuesday. Tensions flared after Qatar s Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Sultan bin Saad al-Muraikhi discussed the boycott in his opening speech despite the Gulf dispute not being on the agenda. He called the Gulf monarchy s critics  rabid dogs .  Even the animals were not spared, you sent them out savagely,  Muraikhi said, referring to the thousands of camels left stranded on the border between Qatar and Saudi Arabia after borders were closed.   Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic and trade links with Qatar on June 5, suspending air and shipping routes with the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas, which is home to the region s biggest U.S. military base. The nations say Doha supports regional foe Iran and Islamists. Qatar denies the charges and calls the economic boycott a  siege  aimed at neutering an independent foreign policy it says promotes peaceful regional reform and fighting terrorism. Kuwait has been trying to mediate in the dispute. During his speech, Muraikhi referred to Iran as an  honourable country  and said ties had warmed with its neighbor since the blockade.  In response, Ahmed al-Qattan, Saudi Arabia s envoy to the Arab League, said:  Congratulations to Iran and soon, God willing, you will regret it.  The exchange descended into a row during which Muraikhi and Qattan each told the other to be quiet.  Muraikhi said Saudi Arabia was looking to depose the Emir of Qatar and replace him with Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani, who helped negotiate the entry of Qatari pilgrims attending the annual haj pilgrimage into Saudi Arabia.  This is an improper thing to say because the kingdom of Saudi Arabia will never resort to such cheap methods and we don t want to change the regime, but you must also know that the kingdom can do anything it wants, God willing,  Qattan said. Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry said Muraikhi s comments were unacceptable.   We all know Qatar s historic support for terrorism and what has been provided for extremist factions, and money in Syria, Yemen, Libya and Egypt that have lead to the death of many of Egypt s sons,  Shoukry said. Qatar backed a Muslim Brotherhood government in Egypt before it was overthrown by the military in 2013. The Arab states have demanded Qatar sever any links with the Brotherhood and other groups they deem to be terrorist, ideological or sectarian. ",1
20285,Germany mulls adding Turkey to list of states posing high security risk: media,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German government is considering adding Turkey to a list of countries that pose high security risks for intelligence agents, police officers and military officials, the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper and two broadcasters reported late on Tuesday. The reports come amid heightened tensions between the two NATO partners and vows by German officials to restrict arms sales to Turkey, in a move that Ankara said would hurt their joint fight against Islamic State. The newspaper and WDR and NDR broadcasters quoted a spokesman for the Interior Ministry as saying that the list was currently being reviewed.  As part of this process, the Interior Ministry is examining whether to add Turkey to the list,  the spokesman was quoted as saying. The list now includes China, Russia, Pakistan, North Korea and 26 other countries. Germany s Interior Ministry, contacted by Reuters, was not immediately available to comment. Some German intelligence agencies argued for viewing Turkey less as a partner than an enemy and called for expanding intelligence surveillance of Turkey s activities in the fight against Islamist groups, the media outlets said. Some agencies had also warned employees in recent months about the risks of traveling to Turkey and cautioned others not to travel there on vacation, they said. German officials have been enraged by Turkey s arrest of around a dozen German citizens, including the German-Turkish journalist Deniz Yucel, who has been held for over 200 days. ",1
20286,Magellan Midstream probes big Texas fuel spill during Harvey floods,"(Reuters) - Magellan Midstream Partners LP said on Tuesday it was investigating the cause of a nearly 11,000-barrel gasoline spill from two above-ground fuel storage tanks at its Houston-area terminal in Texas during Hurricane Harvey. The leak at the Galena Park terminal is the biggest spill reported so far relating to the storm, which unleashed record flooding in the state in late August, destroying homes and killing scores of people.  The Environmental Protection Agency has said federal and state authorities responded to spills linked to Harvey at about a dozen industrial facilities.  The exact cause of the tank failures is now under investigation,  Magellan spokesman Bruce Heine said. He said the company believed it was related to the flooding. Magellan has cleaned up much of the spill, and recovered an undisclosed amount that escaped off the terminal s property into a nearby ditch and the Houston Ship Channel, Heine said.   Clean-up activities at the facility are continuing and we are currently removing and replacing affected soil,  he said.  The spill occurred on Aug. 31, Heine said.  Magellan had initially reported a smaller volume of gasoline spilled to state authorities, but adjusted its estimate upward after it was able to make a full assessment, he said.  It s Magellan s long-term practice to conservatively report a product release to appropriate agencies and local authorities as soon as we become aware of a potential incident,  he said, explaining the smaller initial estimate.  In other words, we do not wait until absolute confirmation, as we want to give the earliest possible notice.  Magellan has said that much of the rest of its infrastructure has returned to normal after the storm.  ",1
20287,Italy court deals blow to 5-Star ahead of Sicily vote,"ROME (Reuters) - A court in Sicily has suspended the results of an internal primary ballot by the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, potentially disrupting its bid to win control of the island in an election in November. The Palermo court on Tuesday accepted an appeal by a 5-Star member who had been excluded from the online vote to pick its candidate for regional president, due to a dispute over 5-Star s internal code of conduct. The court will decide at a future hearing what action 5-Star must take, but its ruling is a setback for the maverick movement which hopes a victory in Sicily can pave the way to success at a national election due early next year. A victory in Sicily would give 5-Star control of its first regional government, while a defeat would be the second blow this year after it fared badly in mayoral elections in June. It is possible that 5-Star will have to repeat the online primary it held in July, which selected Giancarlo Cancelleri as its candidate for Sicilian president in the Nov. 5 election. It is not the first time court rulings have tripped up 5-Star, which is still Italy s most popular party, according to most opinion polls. In a similar case in April, a court in Genoa backed a 5-Star member who had been excluded from a primary ahead of mayoral elections in the city. That sparked a damaging split which contributed to a defeat in the home town of the party s founder, comedian Beppe Grillo. 5-Star s mayor of Rome, Virginia Raggi, has also been plagued by legal disputes involving her and her team since she was elected as the capital s first woman mayor in June 2016. 5-Star, which bases its appeal on a fight against corruption and cronyism among Italy s mainstream parties, has invested enormous political capital in the Sicily election. Its most prominent national figures spent the summer touring the island with Cancelleri before the other parties had even picked their candidates. According to opinion polls Cancelleri is running neck-and-neck with a candidate backed by a center-right coalition, with the center left s candidate lagging behind. A post on Grillo s blog, the party s mouthpiece, said it would comply with whatever the court decided and its participation in the Sicilian election was not in doubt. On Sept. 23 the party will announced its candidate for prime minister after another online vote of its members, with 31-year-old lower house deputy Luigi Di Maio widely expected to win. ",1
20288,Rich tycoon takes on Iraqi Kurdish leaders over independence,"SULAIMANIYA, Iraq (Reuters) - On the eve of an independence referendum in Iraq s Kurdistan region, one man is campaigning against a  Yes  vote which he fears could stoke tension in the Middle East. With the 5 million Kurds in Iraq who are eligible to vote united by dreams of statehood, the outcome of the Sept. 25 referendum in the autonomous region in northern Iraq is in no doubt. But with Baghdad making clear it opposes independence for a region that has abundant oil reserves, some voters fear now is not the time to start moves to break away from Iraq   and rich businessman Shaswar Abdulwahid Qadir has taken up their cause. Despite being branded a traitor by political enemies, he has taken on the establishment by launching a  No for now  campaign to explain the economic and political risks of a  Yes  vote.  A  No  vote is better for our people, better for Kurdistan s future,  the 39-year-old businessman told Reuters after a rally on Saturday in a soccer stadium in Sulaimaniya, Iraqi Kurdistan s second largest city. Warning against the consequences of an independence declaration, he said:  It will bring to our people an unstable situation after the referendum.  Qadir s goal is not to resist independence forever. But he fears a  Yes  vote now would unleash the wrath of governments in Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Syria which could see it as a precedent that could encourage separatist-minded Kurds in those countries. Iraq s parliament voted on Tuesday to reject the referendum and authorized the prime minister to  take all measures  to preserve Iraq s unity. Western powers want a delay because they are worried the vote will derail cooperation between Iraq and the Kurds against Islamic State in Syria and Iraq. Qadir is almost alone among Kurds in raising his voice openly against the  Yes  campaign led by President Masoud Barzani and his Kurdish Democratic Party (KDP), which say independence would be preceded by dialogue with Baghdad.  But Qadir believes there are others who share his concerns. At the rally in Sulaimaniya, Qadir was welcomed into the stadium by dancers in colorful traditional dress and by a crowd chanting his name. But he delayed the start by an hour to allow the stadium he helped refurbish to fill up   and it never did. About 2,500 people attended, filling only about one third of the arena. After he began speaking, a scuffle broke out when a man in the crowd tried to throw something at Qadir during his speech. The businessman says he is undeterred by criticism and attacks which he says have affected his business.  I m ok with all of it, because I believe in another way for Kurdistan,  he said. Critics say Qadir has used his media conglomerate to advance his agenda and the fortune he made through a business empire that includes real estate, television stations and a theme park make his life very different to those he says he represents. Many Kurds have been hit by Baghdad s decision to cut   funding to Iraqi Kurdistan in 2014 in protest at its construction of a pipeline to export oil to Turkey.  Such actions by Baghdad have increased antagonism among the Kurds, who suffered under late Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein, and increased their desire for independence   a desire uniting the about 30 million Kurds in Iraq, Iran, Syria and Turkey. But interviews by Reuters in several cities in Iraqi Kurdistan showed that some voters are worried about the possible fallout of the referendum even though they favor independence. Some are worried it could embolden the entrenched elite in Iraqi Kurdistan, which has long been plagued by political disunity and where Barzani has been a powerful force for more than two decades and president since 2005.  This referendum is not for the country, it s for the dictators in power,  said Ahmed Nana, a 22-year-old barista at a coffee shop in Sulaimaniya.  We all want a passport, a nationality, we want a reason to be proud, to have our own country. But right now, this referendum is a sideshow to distract from our political problems.   Parliament has not met since a coalition government broke up in 2015 and some factions support independence but not necessarily under Barzani s leadership. The regional government has called presidential and parliamentary elections for Nov. 1, but many Kurds doubt the voting will go ahead and the independence referendum has widened political divisions.   Nothing has polarized Kurdish society as much as this vote,  said Bahra Saleh, an analyst at the American University of Iraq, Sulaimani. Compounding the stalemate is the economic crisis triggered by Baghdad s decision to cut funding and compounded by low oil prices and the conflict with Islamic State.  The region is billions of dollars in debt and public salaries have been steeply cut since 2014, particularly affecting civil servants, Peshmerga fighters and teachers. Before holding the referendum, the regional government  needs to prepare the region economically for the region to sustain itself,  said Mohammad Tofiq Raheem, a leader of the Gorran party which was part of the coalition that ended in 2015. The regional economy depends partly on Turkey s goodwill to allow oil exports but also on trade with Iraq. There is also a generational split. Older Kurds hope the long struggle for statehood, dating at least to the division of the Middle East by colonial powers after World War One, will now end but younger people are driven by more than nationalism.  Independence is what we ve been dreaming of for years,  the said Saleh, the analyst.  But not like this. In a way that makes sense, in a way that won t risk civil war.  ",1
20289,U.N. refugee agency urges Hungary to join EU migrant quota plan,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - The head of the United Nations refugee agency praised the European Union s refugee quota system for member states on Tuesday and urged Hungary to drop its resistance to taking in its fair share of migrants. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban is facing criticism over his continued refusal to change his anti-immigration stance despite a ruling by the European Union s top court this month upholding the bloc s quota system.  My impression is there is a very clear intention to limit the number of people coming to Hungary to seek protection,  U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi said during a visit to Budapest. Grandi said the EU s quota system, introduced at the height of the migrant crisis in Europe in 2015, provided a model for other countries worldwide.  This was an EU decision... we agree with that decision,  he said.  It was a very good example of sharing that responsibility. It could be used globally... Forced displacement is a global phenomenon like climate change. You can only address it through global solutions and solidarity.  Grandi, who earlier in the day visited a camp on the Serbian border where migrants are detained while their asylum cases are pending, said razor wire fences and tough legal measures conveyed the wrong message that asylum was a crime. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose country took in the bulk of the migrants who entered the EU in 2015-16, has also urged Hungary to implement the EU court ruling. Grandi warned EU states in April not to send asylum seekers back to Hungary until Budapest amended a law that allows it to detain migrants at its border. EU rules allow member states to return refugees to the first safe country they reached on entering the 28-nation bloc. Orban has branded migrants - most of whom are Muslims from the Middle East and North Africa - a threat to Europe s historic Christian identity and a  Trojan horse for terrorism , and he has defended the asylum centers on Hungary s border. Grandi said migrants held there were not being mistreated but added that limitations on their freedom of movement while their cases are pending, especially for minors, raised problems.  Material conditions, food, medical care water, hygiene is acceptable,  he said.  The problem is the detention aspect. People are treated well but in a confined situation.  ",1
20290,"London seeks ""deep security partnership"" with EU after Brexit","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain wants to have closer defence cooperation with the European Union after Brexit than other countries outside the union, according to a document that sets out a vision of  a deep security partnership  aimed at nudging talks forward. Stating that Britain is  unconditionally committed  to maintaining European security, the government said it wanted to contribute military assets to EU operations after it leaves the bloc and may offer to continue exchanging classified information.  The pledges were detailed in the government s sixth  future partnership paper  - part of efforts to counter criticism by EU officials that it is not prepared for negotiations to unravel more than 40 years of union. Underlining that Britain has the largest defence and development budgets in Europe, officials pressed what they consider to be one of their strongest arguments - that the government can offer defence and security support to the EU.  At a time of increased threats and international instability, the UK remains unwavering in its commitment to uphold European security,  Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said in a statement. Britain s role in the continent s defence  has never been more vital,  he said. Britain has deployed troops in some Baltic states to counter a resurgent Russia, has worked with the EU to tackle piracy off the Horn of Africa and worked on joint defence projects, such as the Eurofighter Typhoon aircraft. The EU executive said it would analyse the British proposal but stressed its policy of not opening negotiations on its future relationship with Britain until there is more progress on settling the terms of the British withdrawal from the bloc.  The EU is willing to establish partnerships with the UK in areas unrelated to trade, in particular the fight against terrorism and international crime as well as security, defence and foreign policy,  the European Commission s chief spokesman Margaritis Schinas told reporters. Pro-Brexit supporters argued before the EU referendum last year that closer defence cooperation between the bloc s member states was another sign of closer union, and on Tuesday the Veterans for Britain group said the paper was  a grave mistake . Tuesday s paper was intended as a conversation-starter rather than a concrete negotiating position, setting out areas such as information and personnel exchanges where Britain could contribute to European security, subject to negotiations. Some in Britain have suggested defence cooperation could be used as leverage in talks that so far have moved slowly, bogged down in arguments over the divorce bill. But its usefulness as leverage to push talks forward could be limited by the acknowledgement in the paper that Britain also benefits from security and intelligence sharing.  To meet our shared threats and maintain our values, continuity of areas that are at the heart of our joint foreign policy, defence and security, and development of infrastructure will be vital,  the paper said. ",1
20291,Merkel calls on Hungary to implement court ruling on refugee distribution,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel has urged Hungary to quickly implement a ruling by the European Union s top court that member states must take in a share of refugees who reach the continent. In its ruling last week, the court dismissed complaints by Slovakia and Hungary over the mandatory quotas introduced in 2015 to relocate asylum seekers from Greece and Italy. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Friday his government would not change its anti-immigration stance. In an interview with Berliner Zeitung newspaper to be published on Tuesday, Merkel insisted that Hungary had to implement the court ruling.  It s unacceptable that a government says a ruling of the European Court of Justice does not interest them,  Merkel said, according to a preview published by the daily late on Monday.     Asked whether this meant that Hungary had to leave the EU, Merkel said:  This means that a very fundamental question of Europe is being touched   because for me, Europe is an area of the rule of law. We will have to talk about this at the European Council in October.  During the Mediterranean migrant crisis of 2015, hundreds of thousand of refugees arrived in the Balkans, Italy and Greece. That prompted the EU to impose mandatory quotas on its member countries for relocating asylum seekers. The flow of migrants has since receded, easing pressure to force compliance on nationalist leaders like Orban, who is benefiting domestically from his tough anti-immigrant policies as elections approach in 2018. Merkel told another newspaper in an interview published over the weekend that she was optimistic that a dispute over how to distribute asylum seekers in the EU would soon be resolved.  The Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung (F.A.S.) newspaper also reported that in negotiations between member states about redistribution, a compromise was starting to emerge that would link accepting refugees to payments from the EU. ",1
20292,Trump says fresh North Korea sanctions 'nothing' compared to what needs to happen,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that fresh sanctions on North Korea approved by the U.N. Security Council were just a small step and  nothing compared to what ultimately will have to happen.   We think it s just another very small step, not a big deal,  Trump told reporters in reference to the sanctions approved on Monday.  I don t know if it has any impact, but certainly it was nice to get a 15 to nothing vote. But those sanctions are nothing compared to what ultimately will have to happen.  ",1
20293,German police arrest five in raid of Nigerian 'husband' smuggling ring,"Berlin (Reuters) - Police in Germany on Tuesday arrested five people suspected of smuggling Nigerian men into the country through fake marriages, the German federal police said in a statement. Four hundred police officers raided 41 apartments and rooms believed to be linked to the gang in Berlin and other German cities, it said. The gang s suspected leaders - four women and a man, ranging in age from 46 to 65 - were arrested. Germany s newspaper Bild reported that a German federal police investigation conducted together with Portuguese authorities and Europol had found at least 70 men were brought in illegally through arranged marriages with Portuguese women. Europol, the European Union s law enforcement agency, served as a host for operational meetings between the Portuguese and German investigators, the police said. Clients had paid up to 13,000 euros ($15,550) for fake certificates, with part of the sum going to women who would fly from Portugal to join their  husbands  at the German immigration office to apply for an EU residency permit. Similar cases were detected in June when the police found that more than 700 German men in Berlin had married pregnant asylum seekers from Vietnam, Africa and Eastern Europe for money so the mothers would obtain a residency permit and for the future babies to be born as German citizens. The German Interior Ministry estimates there are about 5,000 such cases per year nationwide. ",1
20294,"Trump, Malaysian PM discuss trade deals, Boeing jets","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he and Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak are discussing large trade pacts and a deal involving Boeing jets and praised the Malaysian leader s efforts in the fight against terrorism. Appearing with Trump at the White House, Najib said he would like to invest in Trump s infrastructure program and Malaysia remains committed to fighting Islamic State, al Qaeda and other extremist groups. ",1
20295,Philippine Congress backs annual budget of just $20 for agency probing drugs war,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine lawmakers allied with President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday voted to allocate an annual budget of just 1,000 pesos ($20) to the Commission on Human Rights, a public body that has clashed repeatedly with Duterte over his bloody war on drugs. About four-fifths of lower house members present supported the move to cut the budget to almost nil, in what critics of the anti-drugs campaign call retaliation for the agency s efforts to investigate thousands of killings over the past 15 months. The CHR deserved a low budget for being a  useless  body and defending criminals  rights, house speaker Pantaleon Alvarez, a close ally of Duterte, said in a television interview.  If you want to protect the rights of criminals, get your budget from the criminals,  he said.  It s that simple. Why should you get budget from the government and yet you are not doing your job?  Congressman Edcel Lagman said 32 minority lawmakers opposed the measure during the debate at the second reading. He said Duterte s supporters were  virtually imposing the death penalty on a constitutionally created and mandated independent office . The CHR requested a budget of 1.72 billion pesos for 2018, but the government proposed 678 million. Congress voted to slash that to just 1,000 pesos, a huge cut from the 2017 budget of 749 million. The budget requires another vote, then Senate approval before it becomes final. Human rights monitors said the CHR was a vital institution that stands no chance of doing its job without a proper budget. Phelim Kine, deputy Asia director for Human Rights Watch, said the overwhelming support for the cut was  part of the Duterte administration s attempt to prevent independent institutions to check its abuses . Agnes Callamard, the U.N. Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial killings, said Filipinos deserved a strong, independent rights organization that could hold the state accountable.  Instead they are getting a  war on drugs  which, by the president s own account, has failed to curtail addiction rates, while creating a climate of fear and insecurity, feeding impunity, and undermining the constitutional fabrics of the Country,  Callamard posted on her Facebook page.  If the Philippines Congress is looking for public money being wasted, damaging and hurting the Philippines society, this is it.  The CHR has long complained it lacks manpower and resources to fully investigate the killings, the majority of which activists say are of users and small-time peddlers, with few high-profile arrests. Filipinos, however, are largely supportive of the crackdown as a solution to tackling rampant crime, which Duterte says stems from drug addiction. Critics maintain police are executing suspects, and say the government has what is effectively a kill policy. Duterte has angrily rejected that and police say they kill only in self-defense. CHR head, Chito Gascon, said the measly budget was an attempt to force his resignation. He said he would take the issue to the Supreme Court if necessary.  The principal reason why I cannot resign my office is that to do so is to weaken the institution itself,  Gascon said.  Asking me to resign would lead to essentially making the institution forever at the mercy of politics.  ($1=50.8690 Philippine pesos) ",1
20296,Norfolk Southern resumes limited trains service in Irma-hit areas,"(Reuters) - Norfolk Southern Corp said on Tuesday some rail routes closed by Hurricane Irma were being restored to service as it was safe to do so, and has started to run trains accordingly. Even so, the No. 4 U.S. railroad said regional flooding and power outages continue to curb operations on its network in the U.S. Southeast. Workers were clearing trees and assessing overall track conditions as the railroad works to restore service. Norfolk Southern has opened origin facility gates for shipments destined to Charleston, South Carolina, though gates remained closed to traffic destined for Jacksonville, Florida, Savannah-Garden City in Georgia, and Florida East Coast Railway locations. Its intermodal facility in Jacksonville opened on Tuesday morning, the railroad said. ",1
20297,EBRD urges Poland to revive privatizations,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland should lower its  surprising  level of state control over the economy, particularly in the banking and energy sectors, and speed up privatizations, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development s president said on Tuesday. The ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party, which won the 2015 parliamentary election, has called a halt to privatizations and questioned the rationale and pricing of the previous centrist government s sales.  Instead, state-run financial firms and utilities have taken over some smaller rivals from foreign investors, helping the government increase the share of domestic capital in the banking and energy sectors.   It s quite surprising, given Poland s leadership in the whole transition race, that so much of the economy is still in state hands,  Suma Chakrabarti told Reuters during a visit to Warsaw.  Since Poland overthrew communism in 1989 and started its transition to a market economy, the number of companies controlled by the state has shrunk to several hundred from more than 8,000. But Chakrabarti said the PiS government, which argues the state can better serve Poland s economic interests than foreign corporations, should do more.  Poland has pockets of poverty and it s important for the state to act,  he said.  But, what I m not in general a supporter (of) ... is when states become ... the prime economic actor in major sectors.  There is at least one state-owned enterprise in 39 out of 43 sectors in Poland, and 12 of the 20 biggest listed companies are controlled by the state, representing 77 percent of (blue chip index) WIG20. That s quite high,  he said. Since PiS came to power, Polish insurer PZU and a state-fund PFR bought a 33-percent stake in bank Pekao from Italy s UniCredit, while Poland s biggest power firm PGE has offered to buy power assets owned by France s EDF.  The process of transition toward a more market economy is actually not as fast as it was in early days, in the 90s. That has slowed down. We would love to see more privatizations in Poland,  Chakrabarti said.  The EBRD has invested 8.6 billion euro ($10.28 billion) in Poland, mostly in the private sector, since the early 1990s. The EBRD head also warned that Poland s overhaul of the judiciary and the rule of law, which raised concerns in the European Commission, are an issue for investors. [nL5N1KK08Q] [nL8N1LH28P]  Every time one talks about the EU, Brexit is one thing people always mention but the other is obviously the issues about Poland,  Chakrabarti said.   Poland is still not achieving its ... potential. And policies matter ... I think Poland could achieve a higher level of private sector investment and foreign direct investment with the right policies , he said. The EBRD sees its investment in Poland falling to about 600-650 million euros this year from 776 million in 2016.  The bank will likely invest similar amounts in the coming years as the economy is growing, Chakrabarti said, but will narrow the financing to fewer areas. Rather than invest in renewable sources of energy, which are subject to a number of unexpected legal changes, it would help private companies tap foreign markets, the president said.   For many investors the more boring a country, the better. Poland is not boring and that is the problem,  Chakrabarti said.   ",1
20298,"In election test, ousted Pakistan PM's heir-apparent takes limelight","LAHORE (Reuters) - In campaigning for a Pakistan by-election seen as a test of support for ousted Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, the most visible figure is not on the ballot: Sharif s daughter, Maryam, widely touted as his political heir-apparent. This past weekend, crowds mobbed Maryam s car and threw rose petals as she crisscrossed the eastern city of Lahore campaigning for her mother, Kulsoom, who is the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party s candidate to contest the seat Nawaz was forced to vacate by a Supreme Court ruling in July. With Kulsoom in London for cancer surgery, accompanied by Nawaz, 43-year-old Maryam has led the campaign with fiery speeches denouncing Nawaz s opponents and the Supreme Court. Her influence within the PML-N has grown in recent years, with senior party figures crediting her with Nawaz s move to embrace relatively more pro-women and liberal causes in a staunchly conservative nation of 208 million people. In a rare interview with foreign media, Maryam outlined to Reuters what drives her political ambitions as she emerges from her father s shadow to become a prominent figure in the ruling party he still controls.  I m proud to be the torch bearer of ideology which PML-N has,  Maryam said at the weekend in Punjab s provincial capital Lahore, her father s electoral power base.  I am (Nawaz s) reflection, I am his extension. I have grown up espousing his agenda, his ideology.  Maryam has framed the election as a chance for voters to protest the Supreme Court s verdict against her father and help the PML-N flex its electoral muscle.  Your vote was disrespected and disregarded, will you answer to this disrespect on Sept. 17?  Maryam asked at a recent rally. The by-election is seen as a litmus test for the PML-N s political fortunes in the wake of Nawaz s ouster, and an early indicator of voter sentiment ahead of a general election next year. Opposition leader Imran Khan, on the ascendancy after Nawaz s ouster, and eager to make inroads into the PML-N s political heartlands in Punjab, has accused Maryam of benefiting from alleged corruption swirling around her father, and cast the by-election as a plebiscite on corruption.  This election will decide where the people of Pakistan stand,  Khan, the leader of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party, told crowds in Lahore last week. The PML-N made Maryam - a telegenic but inexperienced politician - the face of the campaign despite a Supreme Court-appointed panel accusing her of signing forged documents to obscure ownership of offshore companies used to buy upmarket London flats. She denies any wrongdoing but the Supreme Court has ordered the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) to launch a criminal investigation into her, Nawaz and other family members. Ahead of another rally on Sunday, Maryam hinted at military interference in Pakistani politics, a source of instability since independence in 1947, and portrayed herself as a campaigner for democracy.  Our history is marred with dictatorships and repeated attacks on democracy, so this is what I struggle for,  she told Reuters. Maryam says her father s dismissal by the Supreme Court is a conspiracy, noting his success in reinvigorating the economy - with a pro-business focus on infrastructure spending to boost development - and overall popularity  sent alarm bells ringing  for those who don t want Pakistan to have a strong leader.  This was the main reason he was being targeted,  she said, before adding:  That s all I can say.  Such coded talk is a familiar dance in Pakistan, where politicians speak between the lines to imply that the hidden hand of the powerful military is behind unfolding events. Asked if she is talking about elements of the military being involved in her father s ouster, as some senior PML-N figures have hinted, Maryam paused before saying:  It s not my place to comment . Maryam was coy when asked whether she has ambitions to be prime minister one day, saying she was not eyeing anything and was for now  happy with love and affection that I m getting . But senior PML-N officials expect her to at least become a minister in the next cabinet if the party holds on to power after the 2018 poll. Others have suggested she may become a leader soon. Maryam was more forthcoming when asked about comparisons with slain female leader Benazir Bhutto, the daughter of former premier Zulfikar Bhutto who vied for power with Nawaz during two decades of political turmoil and tussles with the military.  I have a lot of respect for the lady, but ... the only thing which is common between us is gender,  she said.     ",1
20299,War-ravaged South Sudan may scrap expensive oil subsidies,"JUBA (Reuters) - War-ravaged South Sudan is considering scrapping state subsidies on oil because it hasn t been able to pay civil servants for four months and diplomatic staff abroad are being evicted over unpaid rent, the deputy finance minister said.  Ending the subsidies would free up desperately needed cash, Mou Ambrose Thiik told Reuters in an interview.  Nearly four years of civil war have destroyed South Sudan s economy. Inflation was at 165 percent in August, the 21st consecutive month of triple-digit growth. The government depends on oil revenues, but attacks have slashed production to less than a third of pre-war levels.  The government expects to receive $820 million from oil this year. Out of that, $453 million will go to neighboring Sudan as payment for using its infrastructure for export; $183 million on the oil subsidy; and $166 million is allocated to the budget, which has a gaping deficit.   We were thinking that we would lift subsidies on the oil and will be able to cover this (deficit) and pay our salaries more easily,  said Thiik.  But we have some resistance from the parliament.  Lawmaker Nailo Mayo, the chair of the finance committee, said parliamentarians just wanted more information on who might be affected by ending the subsidies.   The committee ... is concerned about the social cost, I mean the suffering that could accrue to the poorer section of the community, and also we are afraid of the political cost, that is stability, arising from lack of transport,  he said.  State-subsidized oil sells at 22 South Sudanese pounds (SSP) per liter, but severe shortages mean many people buy it on the black market for 300 SSP per liter. The SSP trades at about 17.5 to the dollar on the black market and 17.68 at the central bank.  The process for allocating subsidized fuel, which is purchased with government-issued coupons, is unclear. South Sudan s conflict began in 2013 after President Salva Kiir, an ethnic Dinka, fired his deputy, Riek Machar, a Nuer. The conflict degenerated into ethnic fighting marked by widespread sexual violence.  Out of an original population of 12 million, 4 million have fled their homes. More than half of those who remain in South Sudan need food aid and nearly three-quarters of children are out of school. Thiik acknowledged social services were dire and said the finance ministry was trying to save money. It wants to reduce the number of embassies by a third, he said, because it is unable to fund them.   They (embassy staff) didn t get their salary for seven months and also they have arrears in their premises,  he said.  Asked about civil servants who had not been paid for four months, he said:  it is true that we have not secured money to pay salaries.    ",1
20300,Nothing formally agreed on moving next round of Brexit talks -UK PM May's spokeswoman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Nothing has been formally agreed with the European Union on moving the next round of Brexit negotiations, British Prime Minister Theresa May s spokeswoman said on Tuesday.     Earlier, diplomats in Brussels said the EU and Britain had agreed to delay the talks by a week to Sept. 25 on expectations that May would make an important speech on the subject on Brexit on Sept. 21.  The latest position on this from our perspective was that both sides said they were keen to be flexible, but we hadn t formally agreed anything,  the spokeswoman said. ",1
20301,"UK customs ready for 'no deal' Brexit, finance minister says","LONDON (Reuters) - British customs authorities will be able to cope even if the government is unable to reach a deal with the European Union to smooth Britain s departure from the bloc, finance minister Philip Hammond said on Tuesday.  (Customs agency) HMRC is preparing for all eventualities, including for a no-deal scenario,  Hammond told the economic affairs committee of Britain s upper legislative chamber.  We recognize that the timescales are very challenging, and in a no-deal scenario, not everything we would want to put in place will be in place on day one. But we will have a working system in place on day one, I have that assurance from HMRC.  Hammond said the government was seeking the smoothest possible customs arrangements as part of a negotiated exit from the EU, which is due to take place in March 2019. ",1
20302,Iran strikes deal with Syria to repair power grid,"LONDON/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran signed deals with Damascus on Tuesday to repair Syria s power grid, state media said, a potentially lucrative move for Tehran that points to a deepening economic role after years of fighting in the Syrian conflict. Shunned by Western powers, the Syrian government is looking to friendly states such as Iran, Russia and China to play a major role in rebuilding the country, as the war heads toward its seventh year.  Since at least 2012, Iran has provided critical military support to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s government, helping it regain control of swathes of the country. Iran experts say Tehran is now looking to reap a financial dividend. In January, Iran s government and entities close to Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) signed major telecommunications and mining deals with Damascus. [nL5N1F84NX] On Tuesday, Iran and Syria signed a memorandum of understanding during a visit by Syria s electricity minister to Tehran, including building a power plant the coastal province Latakia with a capacity of 540 megawatts, Syrian state news agency SANA said.  The agreement involves restoring the main control center for Syria s electricity grid in the capital Damascus, it said. The new electricity deals could be worth millions of euros, Iranian state media said on Tuesday.  The agreement also includes rehabilitating a 90-megawatt power station in Deir al-Zor province, where the Syrian army and allied forces have made swift advances against Islamic State in recent days.  With Russian air power and Iran-backed militias, the government has driven rebels from Syria s main urban centers in western Syria and marched eastwards against Islamic State.  The Syrian government ... is working relentlessly to restore the power system,  SANA cited Syrian Electricity Minister Mohammad Zuhair Kharboutli as saying.  Iranian companies will have a role in rebuilding Syria.  Two contracts were also signed, including for Iran to supply power to Aleppo city, which the Syrian military and its allies fully regained last year in a major blow to rebels, SANA said.     We will stand by the Syrian people to rebuild this country ... We will bring light to houses of the Syrian people,  Sattar Mahmoudi, Iran s caretaker energy minister, was quoted as saying on the ministry s website. The deals will be worth hundreds of millions of euros if finalised, and Tehran is also keen to expand its cooperation to construct water and sewerage facilities in Syria, he said. More than 1,000 soldiers deployed by the Revolutionary Guards to Syria have died on the front lines of the multi-sided conflict in recent years.  Iran s Revolutionary Guards saved the Assad regime from collapsing at a heavy price for Damascus for now they own Syria,  Emanuele Ottolenghi, senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies told Reuters.  I expect these to be the first in a wave of tenders won by IRGC companies, which will have the best reconstruction projects to Iran,  he added. Iranian firms are already involved in a series of electricity generation projects in Syria. Iran aims to export electricity and create the biggest power network in the Islamic world by hooking up Iran s national grid with those of Iraq and Lebanon. Iran said in August that it has exported $58 million worth of goods to Syria in the first four months of this year, marking a 100 percent increase compared with the same period a year ago. ",1
20303,"FPL to restore power in east Florida by weekend, west by Sept. 22","(Reuters) - Florida Power & Light (FPL) expects to restore power knocked out by Hurricane Irma on the eastern side of Florida by this weekend and the harder hit western part of the state by Sept. 22, FPL spokesman Rob Gould said Tuesday in a news conference. He noted, however, that some customers in the hardest hit areas of both the east and west coasts where there was extensive flooding or tornadoes would have to wait longer to have their power restored. FPL is a unit of Florida energy company NextEra Energy Inc. ",1
20304,Poles see dwindling economic benefit of living in Britain,"WARSAW (Reuters) - After Britain decided to leave the European Union, Emilia Kos, a 31-year-old mother of three from Scunthorpe in eastern England, faced a choice of her own. She could visit her family in Poland once a year, or she could take a holiday abroad. The plunge in the value of the pound after the June 2016 referendum on EU membership meant she could only afford one.  That, coupled with a fear they are no longer welcome in Scunthorpe, persuaded her to move back to Poland last month, after nine years in Britain.  A weaker pound meant we had to choose between a holiday and a visit home,  Kos said at her new home in Wroclaw.  We can afford to live in Britain, but it isn t comfortable to have to tell your family that you won t come for Christmas because you want to go to Greece.  She is not alone. Families like hers that headed to Britain after the ex-communist states of eastern Europe joined the EU in 2004 increasingly are heading back. Economics are one reason. The local economies are booming and unemployment has dropped to record lows. But it s not the only factor.  Brexit was an official statement from the Brits: we don t want you here,  said Szymon Kudzma, a 33-year-old IT specialist who lives in Rushden in Northamptonshire, England. He plans to return to Poland before the end of the year, after 14 years in Britain.  For immigrants like him, the economic benefits of living in the west no longer outweigh a sense of alienation abroad and the hostility toward migrants in Britain. The roughly 800,000 Poles living there fuelled an emotive debate over immigration that helped the  Leave  side win the Brexit vote.  We could feel Brexit in the air for a long time,  said Kos, who lived in Lincolnshire, a relatively euro-sceptic part of Britain.   We felt pressure from the English. A friend of mine wasn t able to speak Polish at work ... Clients sometimes walked out of my partner s store when they learned he was Polish.  UK statistical data showed last month that net migration fell to its lowest in three years in the 12 months to the end of March. The biggest drop came from eight eastern European countries, including Poland and Hungary, that joined the EU in 2004 [nL8N1LA2BH]. In Poland, official data show fewer than 3,000 people registered with the authorities as emigrating to Britain in 2016, down from more than 7,000 in 2014. More than 3,000 Poles registered as returning last year.  We see very clearly that more and more Poles are coming back to Poland. Our analyses show that this trend has accelerated after the Brexit vote,  said Michal Brzezinski, chief executive at a Polish moving company, Clicktrans. In the first quarter of 2017, moves to Poland from abroad recorded by Clicktrans were almost three times greater than the moves from Poland abroad. In 2014, more Poles wanted to emigrate than return.  More than 80 percent of moves organized by Clicktrans so far this year between Poland and Britain were returns. Two years ago, the same number emigrated to Britain as came back. Many of the returnees say the economic calculations don t add up anymore, even if average wages in Poland are still a fraction of pay in Britain.  The wage gap has narrowed since 2004, unemployment is down to 7 percent from more than 20 percent, and Warsaw  conservative government introduced child subsidies in 2016.  Britain s decision to leave the EU has also improved employment prospects at home. London-based banks and other financial services are looking for new bases for some operations in countries that will remain in the EU, such as Poland.  I don t think our living standards will change significantly after we return,  said Kudzma, the IT specialist in Northamptonshire.  The IT sector is well-paid in Poland. Our wages will be smaller than in Britain, but the cost of living is lower. The balance should remain the same.  For many of the returnees, the pound s decline means their savings are dwindling or the help they send to families in Poland costs more. Sterling has lost 20 percent of its value against the zloty since the Brexit vote and 35 percent since Poland joined the EU, according to Reuters data.  For us, the worst thing is that we had already been thinking about going back, and the decline of the pound means we lost a lot of money,  said Monika, 35, an accountant living outside of Warsaw while on maternity leave from her UK employer. ",1
20305,Exclusive: Trump to weigh more aggressive U.S. strategy on Iran - sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is weighing a strategy that could allow more aggressive U.S. responses to Iran s forces, its Shi ite Muslim proxies in Iraq and Syria, and its support for militant groups, according to six current and former U.S. officials. The proposal was prepared by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, national security adviser H.R. McMaster and other top officials, and presented to Trump at a National Security Council meeting on Friday, the sources said. It could be agreed and made public before the end of September, two of the sources said. All of the sources are familiar with the draft and requested anonymity because Trump has yet to act on it. In contrast to detailed instructions handed down by President Barack Obama and some of his predecessors, Trump is expected to set broad strategic objectives and goals for U.S. policy but leave it to U.S. military commanders, diplomats and other U.S. officials to implement the plan, said a senior administration official.  Whatever we end up with, we want to implement with allies to the greatest extent possible,  the official added. The White House declined to comment. The plan is intended to increase the pressure on Tehran to curb its ballistic missile programs and support for militants, several sources said.  I would call it a broad strategy for the range of Iranian malign activities: financial materials, support for terror, destabilization in the region, especially Syria and Iraq and Yemen,  said another senior administration official.    The proposal also targets cyber espionage and other activity and potentially nuclear proliferation, the official said. The administration is still debating a new stance on a 2015 agreement, sealed by Obama, to curb Iran s nuclear weapons program. The draft urges consideration of tougher economic sanctions if Iran violates the 2015 agreement. The proposal includes more aggressive U.S. interceptions of Iranian arms shipments such as those to Houthi rebels in Yemen and Palestinian groups in Gaza and Egypt s Sinai, a current official and a knowledgeable former U.S. official said. The plan also recommends the United States react more aggressively in Bahrain, whose Sunni Muslim monarchy has been suppressing majority Shi ites, who are demanding reforms, the sources said. In addition, U.S. naval forces could react more forcefully when harassed by armed speed boats operated by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, Iran s paramilitary and espionage contingent, three of the sources said. U.S. ships have fired flares and warning shots to drive off IRGC boats that made what were viewed as threatening approaches after refusing to heed radio warnings in the passageway for 35 percent of the world s seaborne petroleum exports. U.S. commanders now are permitted to open fire only when they think their vessels and the lives of their crews are endangered. The sources offered no details of the proposed changes in the rules, which are classified. The plan does not include an escalation of U.S. military activity in Syria and Iraq. Trump s national security aides argued that a more muscular military response to Iranian proxies in Syria and Iraq would complicate the U.S.-led fight against Islamic State, which they argued should remain the top priority, four of the sources said. Mattis and McMaster, as well as the heads of the U.S. Central Command and U.S. Special Forces Command, have opposed allowing U.S. commanders in Syria and Iraq to react more forcefully to provocations by the IRGC, Hezbollah and other Iranian-backed Shi ite militias, the four sources said. The advisers are concerned that more permissive rules of engagement would divert U.S. forces from defeating the remnants of Islamic State, they said. Moreover, looser rules could embroil the United States in a conflict with Iran while U.S. forces remain overstretched, and Trump has authorized a small troop increase for Afghanistan, said one senior administration official. A former U.S. official said Hezbollah and Iranian-backed Shi ite militias in Iraq have been  very helpful  in recapturing vast swaths of the caliphate that Islamic State declared in Syria and Iran in 2014. U.S. troops supporting Kurdish and Sunni Arab fighters battling Islamic State in Syria have been wrestling with how to respond to hostile actions by Iranian-backed forces. In some of the most notable cases, U.S. aircraft shot down two Iranian-made drones in June. Both were justified as defensive acts narrowly tailored to halt an imminent threat on the ground. Trump s opposition to the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), poses a dilemma for policymakers. Most of his national security aides favor remaining in the pact, as do U.S. allies Israel and Saudi Arabia despite their reservations about Iran s adherence to the agreement, said U.S. officials involved in the discussions.  The main issue for us was to get the president not to discard the JCPOA. But he had very strong feelings, backed by (U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations) Nikki Haley, that they should be more aggressive with Iran,  one of the two U.S. officials said.  Almost all the strategies presented to him were ones that tried to preserve the JCPOA but lean forward on these other (issues.)  ",1
20306,Turkey says German foreign minister's remarks on arms sales inappropriate,"ANKARA (Reuters) - German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel s comments about stopping arms exports to Turkey are not appropriate for a foreign minister, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Tuesday. Gabriel said on Monday Berlin had put most arms exports to NATO partner Turkey on hold due to deteriorating human rights in Turkey. However German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Tuesday rejected a total ban. [nB4N1FT01N] Cavusoglu told reporters that Turkey found Merkel s stance more suitable, and added that attempts to drum up support by attacking Turkey ahead of Germany s election later this month would yield no result. ",1
20307,Islamic State flags not flying in Bosnia: PM,"SARAJEVO (Reuters) - Islamic State flags are not flying in Bosnia, Prime Minister Denis Zvizdic said on Tuesday, dismissing allegations by some European leaders that radical Bosnian Muslims in the Balkan country were posing a terrorist threat for Europe. Bosnian Muslims generally practice a moderate form of Islam but some have adopted radical Salafi Islam from foreign fighters who came to the country during its 1992-95 war to fight alongside Muslims against Orthodox Serbs and Catholic Croats. Some joined Islamic State in Syria and Iraq but police said departures had stopped completely in the past 18 months and more than half of those who returned have been jailed under a law prohibiting people to fight in foreign countries. Czech President Milos Zeman has said there was a risk Islamic State may form its European base in Bosnia, where  ISIS (Islamic State) black flags are already flying in several towns , according to reports.  Croatian President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic has warned of  thousands of fighters returning to Bosnia from Syria and Iraq , while Croatian magazine Globus last week put the number of radicalized Bosnian Muslims at 5,000-10,000. Zvizdic said such allegations were unfounded and politically motivated and could damage Bosnia as an investment and tourism destination.   ISIS flags are not flying in Bosnia,  Zvizdic told reporters after meeting the security minister and the heads of five security and intelligence agencies.       There have been no departures to foreign war zones, we have not had any incident that could be characterized as an act of terrorism and we work to prevent the possibility of any such incident,  Zvizdic said, referring to the last two years during which several terrorist attacks took place across Europe.   Bosnia s security agencies say a total of 240 Bosnian citizens have departed to fight for Islamic State since 2012, and 116 remained there. Out of 44 who had returned to Bosnia, 23 were jailed. Security Minister Dragan Mektic said terrorism threats in Bosnia were mainly external and its agencies last month prevented a person with possible links to terrorists from entering the country.  In 2015, two Bosnian army soldiers and a policeman were killed in two separate attacks in Bosnia. No links to wider groups was found.    ",1
20308,Buckeye targets normal operations at Bahamas oil terminal on Tuesday,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Buckeye Partners LP said it aims to resume normal operations its Bahamas crude oil and fuel terminal, also known as Borco, on Tuesday after Hurricane Irma rampaged through the Caribbean as one of the most powerful Atlantic hurricanes on record.  The terminal, located in Freeport, on Grand Bahama Island, has no reported injuries, incidents or damage and restart activities began on Monday afternoon, the company said.  While power is still out at the terminal, Buckeye expects terminal and marine operations to return to normal on Tuesday depending on weather conditions. The Borco terminal is Buckeye s largest and has the capacity to store about 26.2 million barrels of oil, fuel oil, gasoline and other products. It is also the largest fuel storage terminal in the western hemisphere, the Buckeye Global Marine Partners website said. Buckeye was forced to shut the terminal due to Irma on Sept. 7, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters last week. Irma has killed nearly 40 people in the Caribbean and at least six in Florida and Georgia and hammered energy infrastructure in those regions, even as recovery operations from storm Harvey were under way. It will likely dissipate from Tuesday evening, the National Hurricane Center said. Buckeye s terminals in Puerto Rico have returned to normal, a spokesman told Reuters in an email. The U.S.-based midstream company had closed the 4.6 million-barrel Yabucoa oil terminal in Puerto Rico last week. The company also said it aims to return some Florida terminals and pipelines to limited service on back-up power in 12-48 hours. All employees at Tampa and in the Miami area are all reported safe and accounted for, Buckeye said. Nustar Energy LP  said on Monday it had put damage assessments of its terminal on the Caribbean island of St. Eustatius on hold as it prepared for Hurricane Jose. Several tanks and other equipment at the 13.03 million-barrel crude and product storage terminal was damaged by Irma last week. The National Hurricane Center was monitoring Hurricane Jose, which was spinning in the Atlantic about 700 miles (1,130 km) west of Florida. ",1
20309,EU tells easterners to take in refugees,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Eastern European Union states must drop their resistance and accept their share of refugees who arrived in the bloc, officials and diplomats said on Tuesday after a court ruled they must abide by the quota. The EU s highest court ruled last week that member states must take in a share of refugees who reach Europe, dismissing complaints by Slovakia and Hungary and reigniting an east-west row that has shaken the bloc s cohesion.     Brussels and other capitals hope member states will respect the European Court of Justice (ECJ) ruling. Poland and Hungary are opposed to accepting anybody, their reluctance shared by ex-communist peers Slovakia and the Czech Republic, who have, however, accepted a handful of people under a 2015 EU scheme designed to move 160,000 from Italy and Greece.  All members of the EU must respect the ruling,  Manfred Weber, the head of the of the largest faction in the European Parliament, told a news conference.  The legal fight is over.   Migration is still a political wound of the political landscape all over Europe ... All the reasonable and all the responsible politicians have to go now (toward) a compromise.  EU officials and diplomats say they will make another push this autumn to try to bridge the divisions. EU interior ministers will debate the matter in Brussels on Wednesday. However, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban has said he will fight on. Poland, whose nationalist government is now engulfed in spiraling feuds with the bloc, said its migration stance has not changed. Italy and Greece, where most of the people crossing the Mediterranean disembark, as well as Germany, Sweden and other wealthy EU states where refugees and migrants want to head, want a quick aid scheme for any repeat of 2015. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she hoped the dispute will soon be over after the ECJ ruling, but also made clear she saw it unacceptable for EU states to disregard the court. The bloc may eventually vote on any changes to its migration and asylum laws by majority, leaving those reluctant behind, a move that would also widen the east-west splits in the bloc.  I don t think there is anything to argue about anymore. The decision is there for member states to implement,  said a senior EU diplomat.  Struggling to control chaotic movement of people at the height of the crisis, some EU states introduced emergency border checks inside what normally is the bloc s Schengen zone of control-free travel.  They expire in November and Brussels is keen to restore the free flow of people across the EU, often hailed as a proud and tangible achievement of European integration. Also on Wednesday, EU ministers will discuss a proposal by Germany, France, Denmark, Austria and Norway - not in the EU but part of Schengen - to allow for such extraordinary border checks to continue on security grounds, rather than migration. In practice, that would mean keeping those already there in place for longer, as well as being able to apply them more easily in the future. Denmark said last May it wanted to go on with border restrictions, while Germany has said it needs the checks to combat the threat of Islamic militancy in Europe after a raft of attacks around the bloc. ",1
20310,"South African court ruling delivers setback to Zuma, allies","CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - South Africa s President Jacob Zuma suffered a setback on Tuesday when a court ruled that the election of a faction loyal to him in his home province two years ago was invalid. The High Court ruling highlights growing rifts within Zuma s ruling African National Congress (ANC) and could hamper his efforts to ensure his ex-wife Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma replaces him as party leader and eventually as president.     KwaZulu Natal province, situated on the east coast of South Africa, is the ancestral home of the scandal-prone president and will also command most votes at the ANC s national conference in December, when Zuma will step down as party chief. Zuma loyalists took control of the province in November 2015 at a party conference after ousting former premier Senzo Mchunu, but he filed a court case against his removal, citing procedural irregularities - an appeal upheld by Tuesday s ruling.  The eighth KwaZulu Natal provincial elective conference (in November 2015) ...  and decisions taken at that conference are declared unlawful and void,  Judge Jerome Mnguni ruled. An ANC provincial official told eNCA television channel the KwaZulu Natal ANC leadership would not leave their posts and would probably appeal against the ruling. The party s national spokesman, Zizi Kodwa, said the ANC would study the judgment before taking any further steps. The ruling could further erode Zuma s support base. Zuma, 75, survived a no-confidence vote in South Africa s parliament last month but only after some 30 ANC lawmakers broke ranks and voted with the opposition.  Whoever wins the December contest will lead the ANC, which has ruled South Africa since the end of apartheid, into national elections in 2019, when Zuma s tenure as South Africa s president expires. Tuesday s ruling could hit support for Dlamini-Zuma, a former health and foreign affairs minister, and allow her likely rival, Vice-President Cyril Ramaphosa, a trade unionist-turned-business tycoon, to make gains in the province, analysts said.  Despite court ruling Dlamini-Zuma still likely to be favored in KwaZulu-Natal... but the ruling does allow his (Ramaphosa s) campaign to make more inroads in the province,  said Darais Jonker, Eurasia Group s director for Africa, in a note. Neither Dlamini-Zuma, 67, nor Ramaphosa, 64, have yet stated an intention to enter the race to succeed Zuma in December. Analysts say Zuma s priority is to ensure his chosen candidate succeeds him as party leader so he can complete his presidential term and avoid scrutiny over corruption charges his opponents would like reinstated. The ANC s flag bearer at the national elections usually becomes the country s president, given the ANC s dominance. Daniel Silke, a political analyst, said the judgment could increase factionalism in KwaZulu Natal.  There is now the potential for confusion and disarray within the ANC in the province which could lead to a weakening of Mrs Zuma s position going forward,  Silke said. ",1
20311,"North Korea does not want war, world does not want regime change: U.N.","GENEVA (Reuters) - North Korea does not want to start a nuclear war and the world is not seeking to overthrow its leader Kim Jong Un, the U.N. disarmament chief said on Tuesday. Izumi Nakamitsu, U.N. High Representative for Disarmament Affairs, said there was hope for a peaceful end to the tension  caused by the nuclear ambitions of North Korea, also known as Democratic People s Republic of Korea (DPRK).  I don t think DPRK wants to start a nuclear war,  she told a news conference in Geneva. On Monday, the U.N. Security Council unanimously decided to step up sanctions on North Korea after its sixth and largest nuclear test, prompting a war of words between diplomats at the Conference on Disarmament in Geneva.  Asked if the pressure on North Korea was pushing the world to the brink of nuclear war, Nakamitsu said U.N. officials were in touch with all sides and nobody - including North Korea - saw a military solution to the crisis.  That is just too catastrophic,  she said.  I think we all understand the consequences of a military escalation, a  military solution . That s why we keep saying that it would not be a solution for anyone, including DPRK.  She added:  Maybe I m missing something but as far as I hear, no one is really asking for any collapse of DPRK, quite the contrary. No one is talking about regime change, quite the contrary.  She was also hopeful that, as in the past, increased nuclear tensions might yield progress in disarmament talks.  When people say that because the international security environment is so difficult, tensions are so high, that we can t discuss disarmament, that is historically not accurate.  U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres has offered to play a role in mediating, as has Switzerland. So far no such steps have been taken, but the United Nations was prepared to get involved if asked to do so, Nakamitsu said.  We are definitely preparing ourselves, exploring scenarios as part of our normal contingency planning.  ",1
20312,"Russia's Lavrov, Tillerson to meet at U.N. General Assembly: TASS","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly, TASS news agency quoted Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying on Tuesday. ",1
20313,"U.S. rejects Cambodian accusations, calls for opposition leader's release","PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Washington s ambassador to Cambodia on Tuesday rejected government accusations of interference by the United States as  inaccurate, misleading and baseless  and called for the release of detained opposition leader Kem Sokha. It was the strongest U.S. response since the Sept. 3 arrest of Kem Sokha, who has been charged with treason and accused of plotting with the United States to take power from Prime Minister Hun Sen, a former Khmer Rouge commander who has ruled Cambodia for more than 30 years. Hun Sen, now one of China s closest regional allies, has stepped up rhetoric against Washington alongside a crackdown on opponents, independent media and other critics ahead of a general election next year. The U.S.-funded Radio Free Asia said on Tuesday that the pressure had forced it to stop operations in Cambodia.  On dozens of occasions over the past year, the United States has been subject to intentionally inaccurate, misleading and baseless accusations,  Ambassador William Heidt said in a statement.  All of the accusations you have heard in recent weeks about the United States - every one of them - are false.  Heidt called for the release of Kem Sokha, an end to pressure on civil society and dialogue between the government and opposition to  salvage  elections and restore ties between the two countries.  If Cambodia s national elections were held today, no credible international observer would certify them as free, fair and reflecting the will of the Cambodian people,  Heidt said. American and Western companies were feeling less welcome in Cambodia  and fewer will invest , he said. Government spokesman Phay Siphan said the evidence of American collusion came from Kem Sokha himself and that Cambodia did not see the United States as an enemy.  We just use our rights to tell the U.S. not to interfere in our domestic affairs,  he told Reuters.     On Monday, 65-year-old Hun Sen threatened that Kem Sokha s Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) would be dissolved if it continued to back him. Kem Sokha, 64, is the only serious election rival to Hun Sen, who could face his biggest electoral challenge next year. The opposition will not boycott the July 2018 general election in which it faces Hun Sen s ruling Cambodian People s Party (CPP), senior CNRP member Son Chhay told a news briefing on Tuesday. The evidence presented against Kem Sokha so far is a video recorded in 2013 in which he discusses a strategy to win power with the help of unspecified Americans. His lawyers have dismissed it as nonsense, saying he was only discussing election strategy. Complaining of a  relentless crackdown on independent voices , Washington-based Radio Free Asia said it was being forced to close its local bureau after almost 20 years in the country.   Recent developments have intensified to an unprecedented level, as Cambodia s ruling party shamelessly seeks to remove any obstacle or influence standing in its way of achieving absolute power,  said the station s president, Libby Liu. She said RFA would continue to cover Cambodia. ",1
20314,Germany's Merkel rejects total ban on arms exports to Turkey: NDR,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Tuesday rejected a total ban on arms exports to NATO partner Turkey, saying that such sales had already been restricted somewhat, but Turkey remained a key ally in the fight against Islamic State. Merkel s comments came a day after Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said Berlin had put most arms exports to Turkey on hold due to the deteriorating human rights situation in the country and increasingly strained ties. Merkel told broadcaster NDR that Germany would decide on arms sales requests from Turkey on a case-by-case basis. She also said she saw no reason to impose a travel warning for Germans traveling to Turkey, but said Berlin would keep its options open. ",1
20315,Scottish government recommends rejection of EU withdrawal bill,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Scotland s devolved government has recommended that its parliament at Holyrood withhold consent for legislation to withdraw Britain from the European Union, on the grounds that it could water down their powers, a document filed by the Scottish government said on Tuesday. The approval of the devolved parliaments in Scotland and Wales does not represent a veto to the Brexit process, although it would stretch Britain s constitutional tensions yet further by forcing the UK government of Prime Minister Theresa May to ignore the expressed wish of the devolved bodies. Scotland would work with the Welsh government to propose amendments to the bill which, if agreement were reached, would allow it to recommend its passage in the devolved assemblies, the document said. The bill will end the supremacy of EU law in the UK and convert all existing EU laws into domestic ones.  Along with the Welsh government, the Scottish government cannot recommend to the parliament that it gives consent to the bill as currently drafted,  the document filed with the Scottish parliament said.  The Scottish government is also clear that the result of withdrawal from the EU should not be centralization of power in Whitehall and Westminster. However, that is what the bill proposes.   Scotland s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has been arguing that Brexit as proposed flies in the face of the devolution agreement, which up to now has allowed assemblies in Edinburgh, Cardiff and Belfast to legislate on their own domestic policies such as health and education. Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to keep EU membership in a June 2016 referendum while England and Wales voted to leave.  It remains a matter of regret to the Scottish government that the UK plans to withdraw from the EU. The government nevertheless accepts that preparations should be made for withdrawal from the EU, including preserving a functioning legal system,  the document said.  The Scottish government s key objections to the bill as introduced relate to the provisions on the competence of the Scottish parliament and government (...) and those on powers for UK and Scottish ministers to alter domestic law,  it said. The Scottish and Welsh governments argue that returning powers now exercised by the EU to the UK government will imply restrictions on the power of Scottish and Welsh chambers. But Britain s Scotland minister, David Mundell, has said that the repeal will ultimately result in a boost in devolved parliamentary power.     ",1
20316,Policeman stabbed to death in Valencia,"MADRID (Reuters) - A policeman was stabbed to death on Tuesday in Valencia, eastern Spain, a spokesman for the force said, after entering a building during an investigation into the finding of human remains in a suitcase.  The attacker was shot dead. Police do not believe the attack was connected to Islamist militants, the spokesman said. ",1
20317,"Brazil judge suspends aspects of J&F leniency, asset sales in limbo","BRASILIA (Reuters) - A Brazilian judge on Monday suspended criminal aspects of the leniency agreement of J&F Investimentos SA, a holding company run by the scandal-ridden Batista family, adding to uncertainty about billions of dollars of asset sales. Federal Judge Vallisney de Souza Oliveira held up the criminal immunity of additional J&F executives until the Supreme Court makes a final ruling on Joesley Batista s plea bargain in a corruption probe, whose benefits were revoked due to evidence he had hidden some crimes from prosecutors. Police flew Batista to Brasilia on Monday following his surrender to authorities in Sao Paulo over the weekend after he lost immunity from prosecution. Police also raided J&F s headquarters and Batista s home on orders from Supreme Court Justice Edson Fachin. Uncertainty about J&F s leniency agreement could threaten an estimated 14 billion reais ($4.5 billion) of recent asset sales  and jeopardize the future of a company that diversified from meatpacking into fashion, energy, wood pulp and banking over the past five years. J&F lawyers said Joesley Batista  did not lie or omit information  in his plea deals. A lawyer for Batista did not take calls seeking comment. JBS SA (JBSS3.SA), the world s largest meatpacker and the crown jewel of the Batistas  empire, also signed terms last week to participate in the J&F leniency agreement. On Monday, JBS agreed to sell its British poultry unit Moy Park to U.S. subsidiary Pilgrim s Pride Corp (PPC.O) for $1 billion. Civil aspects of the J&F s leniency agreement, which was signed in June and ratified by Judge Oliveira on Friday, remain in effect, according to a statement late on Monday from federal prosecutors. J&F reached a deal with prosecutors earlier this year agreeing to pay a record fine of 10.3 billion reais for its role in a corruption scandal involving the bribery of hundreds of politicians. That settlement was based on a plea bargain signed by Joesley Batista and collaborators in May to deliver evidence including a recording of his conversation with President Michel Temer, which led to a corruption charge against the leader. But additional evidence later handed to prosecutors included another tape that appeared to show that Batista had been helped by federal prosecutor Marcelo Miller in crafting the plea deal and concealing certain crimes, according to prosecutors. Police also raided Miller s Rio de Janeiro home on Monday. His lawyers said he cooperated with the search and with investigators. The scandal was the latest shock to Brazil s business and political establishment after three years of investigation into widespread political bribery and kickbacks on contracts with state-run companies. The recording of President Temer provided to prosecutors by Batista allegedly revealed him endorsing hush payments to a possible witness in the graft probe. Temer has repeatedly denied the accusations and the lower house of Congress voted against him standing trial at the Supreme Court.  ($1 = 3.10 reais) ",1
20318,Venezuela Supreme Court has staged effective coup: jurists' group,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Venezuela s Supreme Court has progressively dismantled the rule of law, becoming an instrument of President Nicolas Maduro s government in what amounts to a coup against the constitutional order, an international human rights group said on Tuesday. The collapse of the judiciary has left victims of torture, killings and disappearances and their families without recourse to justice after months of violent street protests, the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) said. It called on the U.N. Human Rights Council to take action.  We have seen a judiciary that has essentially lost its independence and become a tool of a very authoritarian executive branch,  Sam Zarifi, ICJ Secretary-General, told a news briefing.  This breakdown of the rule of law has also severely obstructed accountability (and) essentially made it impossible to bring to justice those responsible for gross violations of human rights,  he said. The Venezuelan government did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Foreign minister Jorge Arreaza on Monday rejected as  baseless  a U.N. report that found excessive use of force by its security forces and other violations. Four months of demonstrations in which at least 125 people were killed have all but stopped due to fatigue among protesters and disillusionment at seeing the ruling Socialist Party cement vast powers despite the concerted opposition push. The ICJ said the top court had undermined human rights and infringed the Constitution through a series of rulings since December 2015. In two rulings in March 2017, the Supreme Court of Justice  effectively claimed legislative powers for itself, depriving the National Assembly of its Constitutional powers and granting sweeping arbitrary powers to the executive,  it said.  These decisions amount to a coup d tat against the Constitutional order and have ushered in a new reign of arbitrary rule,  Zarifi said. Judges on the Supreme Court are mainly from the Socialist Party or former officials of the government of Maduro or both, the Geneva-based jurists  group said.  Judges who have demonstrated independence and ruled against the executive branch have faced retaliation and punishment,  Zarifi said. Maduro denies accusations of a power grab, saying his actions, which include the creation of an alternative Constituent Assembly that has granted itself law-making powers, aim to restore peace after months of protests and violence. The new Constituent Assembly  at this point acts as a body outside of the rule of law. It is able to legislate and create law and new regulations in the country without accountability,  Zarifi said. The ICJ report,  The Supreme Court of Justice: an instrument of executive power , was issued on the sidelines of the U.N. Human Rights Council. U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein said on Monday that Venezuelan security forces may have committed crimes against humanity against protesters and called for an international investigation.  The evidence that s there, of course it is not adjudicated, but certainly suggests room for investigating crimes against humanity,  Zarifi said. Such crimes are defined as grave and systematic violations including torture, enforced disappearances, and extrajudicial killings that are part of a state s policy, he said, adding:  Those indicators are all there in Venezuela.  Carlos Ayala, a Venezuelan lawyer and ICJ commissioner based in Caracas, told the briefing:  The situation is worsening on a daily basis because of hyper-inflation (and) the lack of access for the majority of the population to medicines and health care.  More than 600 civilian students are currently being tried before military courts in Venezuela, more than 1,000 young persons, students, are in jail because of the demonstrations.  ",1
20319,North Korean threat highlights NATO missile shield 'weak link',"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - NATO has joined world powers  diplomatic efforts to stop North Korea s missile program but it cannot yet rely on its U.S.-built shield to defend Europe, experts and diplomats said. The United States says the shield, more than a decade in the planning, is needed to protect against so-called rogue states, a term U.S. officials have used to refer to North Korea and Iran.  But with Berlin, Paris and London potentially within striking distance of North Korea s missiles from next year, officials say the U.S.-led alliance s system needs more radars and special interceptors to destroy a rocket from Pyongyang.  The NATO shield in its current state lacks the reach and early warning radars to shoot down North Korean rockets. It s a weak link,  said Michael Elleman, a missile defense analyst at the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS).  Early tracking is also difficult because North Korean missiles would be flying over Russia, where NATO obviously cannot put radars,  he added. The sort of interceptor needed to shoot down North Korean ballistic missiles could breach a Soviet-era arms control agreement between the United States and Russia because of its greater range, arms experts say. Moscow has long objected to U.S. missile shield plans, saying their real aim is to neutralize Russia s own nuclear arsenal, rather than meet the perceived threat from  rogue states . Russia s strategic concerns would, therefore, make it hard to renegotiate the 1987 Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty, something arms experts say would be required if a North Korean missile shield were to be fully effective.  Alliance planning to confront any threat from Pyongyang is in its infancy. Following North Korea s country s sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3, two senior NATO diplomats told Reuters that protection against the North Korean threat was only beginning to be considered at NATO headquarters in Brussels. That was despite a more forceful diplomatic tone on the crisis and warnings on the scale and immediacy of the threat from U.S. President Donald Trump s new ambassador to NATO, France s defense minister and the alliance s deputy head. While analysts do not expect North Korea to have a reliable intercontinental ballistic missile until next year at the earliest, NATO s European allies could become a target as a way of threatening their closest partner, the United States, a third NATO diplomat said, stressing that was only speculation. The United States switched on its $800 million European missile defense umbrella in May last year at a site in Romania to protect against Iranian rockets.  The system, controlled from a NATO base in Germany, includes radars and interceptors stretching from eastern Europe to the Mediterranean.  A final site in Poland should be ready by late 2018, extending the European umbrella from Greenland and the Azores.    To shoot down a ballistic missile from North Korea would require a new generation of interceptor, the Block II, which is still in development. It is capable of downing ballistic rockets earlier and at a much higher altitude. However, Elleman said that U.S. missile sites in Alaska and California, as well as in Japan and South Korea, were likely to be given priority before Europe, when they are ready in 2018.  There will be a lot of competition for the assets,  he said. ",1
20320,Brexit law passes hurdle in reprieve for British PM May,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s parliament backed a second reading of legislation to sever ties with the European Union early on Tuesday, a reprieve for Prime Minister Theresa May who now faces demands by lawmakers for concessions before it becomes law. After more than 13 hours of speeches for and against the legislation, which May says is essential for Brexit but critics describe as a Conservative government power grab, lawmakers voted 326 to 290 in favor of moving the EU withdrawal bill, or repeal bill, to the next stage of a lengthy lawmaking process. Many fell in step with the government which said a vote against the legislation would force Britain into a chaotic exit from the EU, rather than a smooth departure, as the country would lack laws and a regulatory framework to steer the process. May, weakened by the loss of her majority in a June election, now faces a battle against politicians who want to force amendments to the bill, first in the lower house of parliament and then in Britain s unelected upper chamber.  Earlier this morning parliament took a historic decision to back the will of the British people and vote for a bill which gives certainty and clarity ahead of our withdrawal from the European Union,  May said in a statement.  Although there is more to do, this decision means we can move on with negotiations with solid foundations and we continue to encourage MPs (lawmakers) from all parts of the UK to work together in support of this vital piece of legislation.  Her justice minister urged lawmakers to back the bill and signaled that the government would listen to the concerns of lawmakers despite describing some of their criticism as being  exaggerated up to and beyond the point of hyperbole .  The bill seeks largely to  copy and paste  EU law into British legislation to ensure Britain has functioning laws and the same regulatory framework as the bloc at the moment of Brexit, to offer some reassurance for companies. But the often impassioned debate in the 650-seat parliament underlined the rifts exposed by last year s EU referendum, not only in Britain s main parties, but also in the country. The opposition Labour Party had called on its lawmakers to vote against the bill if the government failed to make concessions. But seven rebelled, with some saying they had to respect the demands of their pro-Brexit voters.  This is a deeply disappointing result,  said Labour s Brexit spokesman, Keir Starmer.  This bill is an affront to parliamentary democracy and a naked power grab by government ministers ... It will make the Brexit process more uncertain, and lead to division and chaos when we need unity and clarity.  The government has defended the bill by saying it will allow Britain to become  masters of our own laws , but it also gives ministers wide-ranging powers to amend laws to make them work domestically, often by interchanging the word  EU  for Britain. But lawmakers, both in Labour and May s governing Conservative Party, expressed fears the government would make substantial changes to legislation without consulting parliament - a charge the government has denied. Despite the victory for a government now dependent on the support of Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party to secure a working majority, ministers will face attempts by both Conservative and Labour lawmakers to change the bill. Some want assurances that the government will not misuse its power, others want to make sure the protections of certain workers rights are also written into the bill before allowing it to move to the unelected upper house of parliament. The process is expected to take months to complete and both houses should agree the final wording before it can be passed.  Labour will seek to amend and remove the worst aspects from the bill as it passes through parliament,  Starmer said.  But the flaws are so fundamental it s hard to see how this bill could ever be made fit for purpose.  ",1
20321,"Battered by cyclone, Philippines suffers flooding, landslides","MANILA (Reuters) - A cyclone dumped heavy rains in the Philippine capital, Manila, and nearby provinces on Tuesday, causing widespread flooding and landslides in some areas that killed at least two people, the national disaster agency said. Financial markets, government offices and schools were closed and port operations in some provinces were suspended, it said. Several flights were canceled. The weather bureau said cyclone Maring, which was packing winds of up to 60 kilometers per hour (37 mph), made landfall in the morning over Mauban municipality in the eastern province of Quezon. Romina Marasigan, a spokeswoman for the national disaster agency, said two teenaged brothers died from a landslide in Taytay, Rizal, 20 kilometers (12.43 miles) from Manila.  Some residents unfortunately did not heed the advice of local officials to evacuate to safer grounds,  she said in a media briefing. Marasigan warned of more flashfloods and landslides as rains were expected to continue later in the day, before the cyclone moves back over the sea early on Wednesday. Twenty-two passengers were rescued from a bus stuck in floodwaters in Pitogo town in Quezon, she said. Local officials ordered the evacuation of residents in some towns under floodwaters in Quezon, Laguna, Rizal and Batangas provinces, she said. The weather bureau said it was also keeping an eye on typhoon Talim which was packing winds of up to 120 kph (75 mph), spotted moving toward the country s northern tip and to Taiwan. ",1
20322,Treasury's Mnuchin: China may face new sanctions on North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Tuesday that if China doesn t follow the United Nations sanctions approved on North Korea, he will seek new financial sanctions on Beijing to cut off access to the U.S. financial system.  Mnuchin told a conference broadcast on CNBC that China agreed to  historic  sanctions on North Korea on Monday in a UN Security Council vote.  If China doesn t follow these sanctions, we will put additional sanctions on them and prevent them from accessing the U.S. and international dollar system, and that s quite meaningful,  Mnuchin said.    ",1
20323,Spanish court blocks second law linked to Catalan referendum,"MADRID (Reuters) - A Spanish court has suspended a Catalan law that outlined a legal framework for an independent state, a court source said on Tuesday, the day after hundreds of thousands rallied in Barcelona to support secession from Madrid. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s government is increasing the pressure to prevent an independence referendum, scheduled for Oct. 1, from going ahead. It has declared the vote illegal and challenged laws linked to the ballot in the courts. The Constitutional Court, Spain s highest authority on such matters, suspended the law while judges consider whether it is against the country s constitution. It suspended a law approving the Oct. 1 vote last week.  The Catalan parliament approved both laws on Wednesday in a move which brought a long-running tussle between the pro-independence regional government and the Madrid-based central government to a head. Rising tension between Madrid and Barcelona has prompted some investors to ditch Spanish sovereign debt. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, who faces criminal charges for his role in organizing the referendum, only has the power to call an election not a referendum, a government spokesman said on Tuesday.  If Puigdemont wants to consult the people, it s very simple, he should call an election,  government spokesman and Minister of Education, Culture and Sport Inigo Mendez de Vigo told Antena 3 television. Polls have shown support for independence waning in recent years with those wanting a separate state in a minority. However, a majority of Catalans want to vote on the issue. Most of Catalonia s 948 mayors have pledged to permit use of public spaces for the vote, but Ada Colau, head of the region s biggest city Barcelona, has asked for assurances that civil servants involved will not risk losing their jobs.  Justice Minister Rafael Catala on Tuesday warned the regional administration against coercing municipal leaders to take part.  I trust they will be left in peace and not be obliged to do what they cannot,  Catala told RTVE television. ",1
20324,Brussels steps up legal case against Poland over courts overhaul,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union s executive gave Poland on Tuesday one month to address concerns over a judiciary overhaul or face a court challenge, stepping up pressure over Warsaw s reforms which critics say undermine the independence of the courts.  The Commission opened legal proceedings against the nationalist government in Warsaw over judicial reforms in July and said on Tuesday that Poland so far failed to address the points that had been raised.  It therefore moved to the second phase of the EU s infringement procedure and said it could escalate the case further if Warsaw does not address the concerns in a month.  If the Polish authorities do not take appropriate measures, the Commission may decide to refer the case to the Court of Justice of the EU,  the Commission said in a statement. ",1
20325,Turkey detains lawyers of hunger-striking teachers ahead of trial,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey issued detention warrants for the lawyers of two hunger-striking teachers on Tuesday, days before they are due to appear in court, lawyers representing the academics said. Nuriye Gulmen, a literature professor, and Semih Ozakca, a primary school teacher, have been on hunger strike for more than six months after they lost their jobs in a crackdown following a failed coup against President Tayyip Erdogan. Doctors say they have been surviving on liquids and supplements, but have described their condition as dangerously weak for several months. Authorities detained them in May saying they had links to the militant leftist DHKP-C group, deemed a terrorist organization by Turkey.  The warrants were issued for 18 lawyers, all members of two law offices defending the teachers.  The detention of our colleagues today is an attempt in vain to leave Gulmen and Ozakca defenseless,  a lawyer representing the pair told Reuters, adding that more than 2,000 lawyers had applied to defend them due to the case s symbolic importance. Police raided lawyers  offices in Istanbul and Ankara and detained 10 lawyers, while the search for eight others continued. On Thursday, Gulmen and Ozakca will appear in court for the first time since their arrest. So far, 150,000 state employees including civil servants, academics and security personnel have been fired since last year s coup attempt, which Erdogan blamed on followers of U.S.-based Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen. Gulen denies any involvement. Critics accuse the government of using the coup as a pretext to purge dissident voices from public institutions. Last month, the European Court of Human Rights rejected a request by the two teachers to order Ankara to release them on health grounds. ",1
20326,Protest greets former Trump adviser Bannon at Hong Kong investor event,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Protesters outside a luxury hotel in Hong Kong shouted anti-racism slogans on Tuesday ahead of a speech by former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon at an investor conference organized by a unit of China s largest brokerage.  The far-right architect of U.S. President Donald Trump s 2016 election victory, Bannon is the latest controversial figure invited to address a forum hosted by CLSA, a subsidiary of state-backed Citic Securities. Bannon, whose views on immigration, climate and trade helped shape Trump s election campaign and his first months in office, was fired by the Republican president last month in a push to end factional fighting within the White House.   No Bannon, no racism,  chanted the group of about 15 demonstrators, who also held up a large black banner carrying the words,  Nazis are not welcome here . One protester wearing a mask of Trump held up a placard depicting the U.S. president in the shape of a chicken, with the words,  Toxic nationalist , on its belly. CLSA initially said Bannon s speech would be open to some print media but reversed its decision a day later, without citing a specific reason, although a CLSA spokeswoman said the event was meant for invited clients only.  We reserve the right to open or close sessions as we see fit,  she wrote in an emailed response to Reuters.   The CLSA Investors  Forum provides an agnostic platform for diverse views and opinions from people who influence policy, economies and markets. Mr Bannon is one of these, hence our decision to invite him.  Past speakers at the forum have ranged from actors George Clooney and Arnold Schwarzenegger to boxer Mike Tyson, who was convicted of rape, former Alaska governor Sarah Palin, and former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden, who revealed secret details of U.S. surveillance programs. In a recent interview with the CBS program  60 Minutes,  Bannon predicted Republicans could lose control in the House of Representatives next year because of a looming battle over what to do about immigrants brought illegally to the United States as children. (This story has been refiled to update paragraph 9 descriptions of previous speakers)  ",1
20327,Exclusive: Zimbabwe's Grace Mugabe says model attacked her with knife,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s First Lady, Grace Mugabe, has denied assaulting South African model Gabriella Engels with an electric cable in a Johannesburg hotel suite last month, saying an  intoxicated and unhinged  Engels attacked her with a knife. In a previously unreported Aug. 17 deposition seen exclusively by Reuters, Mugabe countered 20-year-old Engels  version, portraying herself as the victim after intervening on behalf of her adult sons Chatunga and Robert Junior who were  in trouble with a drunken young woman . The statement said Grace Mugabe, 52 and a contender to replace her 93-year-old husband as Zimbabwe s president, was thinking about filing attempted murder charges. A group representing Engels dismissed the allegations as lies. According to the model, an irate Mugabe burst into the room where she was waiting with two friends to meet Chatunga on Aug. 13 and started laying into her with an electric cable. Photographs taken by Engels  mother soon after the incident showed gashes to the model s head. She also had bruising on her thighs. In her deposition, Mugabe dismissed Engels  version as  malicious allegations  and said she had been attacked after going to help her sons.  She was worried about them and went to see them at their hotel suite,  the statement said.  Upon her arrival, Ms Engels, who was intoxicated and unhinged, attacked Dr. Grace Mugabe with a knife after she was asked to leave the hotel.   Security was left with no other option but to remove Ms Engels from the hotel suite,  it continued. The statement also alleged that Engels had been in a fight with other women at Johannesburg s Taboo nightclub the previous evening and suggested that may have been the cause of her injuries. Afriforum, an Afrikaans civil society group acting on behalf of Engels, denied both accusations.  Gabriella never attacked Grace Mugabe in any way and she did not participate in the fight at Taboo,  Afriforum said.  It is clear that Grace Mugabe is desperately trying to escape responsibility for her own violent behavior by using lies to falsely portray the victim in this case as the perpetrator.  South Africa granted Grace Mugabe diplomatic immunity, allowing her to evade immediate prosecution for assault, although Engels and Afriforum have challenged that decision, saying Mugabe was not in South Africa on official business. They also argued that assault was a  grave crime  that was not covered by diplomatic immunity laws. The decision to let Grace Mugabe return home caused a row in South Africa, with the opposition Democratic Alliance also going to court to overturn the immunity.  According to Zimbabwean intelligence files seen by Reuters, Robert Mugabe lobbied his South African counterpart, Jacob Zuma, to have the issue  solved amicably  and out of court but was stymied by Engels  refusal to accept a settlement.  He is trying to avoid the embarrassment of his wife appearing before the court,  one file, dated Aug. 30, reads.  The problem he is facing is that the woman who was assaulted is refusing to accept any money and she just wants justice to be delivered upon Grace.  Afriforum lawyer Gerrie Nel - best known for prosecuting  South African track star Oscar Pistorius over the shooting of his girlfriend - said last month Engels had been approached with a cash offer but had turned it down. The intelligence report is a part of a series of hundreds of files dating back to 2009 that have come from within Zimbabwe s Central Intelligence Organisation (CIO). Reuters has not been able to establish their original author or final audience. The Aug. 30 report said Mugabe was  changing his attitude  to the case and was now backing Grace while accusing Engels of impropriety.  Mugabe wants people to stop castigating his wife and calling her all sorts of names,  it said.  Mugabe is saying that his wife acted in an angry mood like all other women who find their children being involved with sleeping with whores.  Afriforum chief executive Kallie Kriel said this allegation was an  absolute lie  and part of a deliberate attempt by Harare to undermine Engels  credibility as a witness. A spokesman for Zimbabwe s presidency, which has direct oversight of the CIO, was not immediately available for comment. Zimbabwe s ambassador to South Africa did not respond to a request for comment. Zuma has denied any hand in the affair, telling parliament on Aug. 31:  I am not a lawyer. I don t know the point of law and I was not involved in this process. How it was done, I would be lying if I speculate.  His spokesman declined to elaborate. ",1
20328,Squeaky-clean Zurich's trash department probed for dirty dealings,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Investigators in Zurich, ranked among the world s cleanest cities, are probing alleged grubby dealings within the municipal garbage and recycling department. While trash services in the United States and Italy have  sometimes been linked with illicit dealings, the Swiss financial center appears an unlikely source of muck. Rubbish bins are ubiquitous, and a fleet of motorized street sweepers keeps boulevards nearly spotless. But so far Zurich has unearthed irregular accounting surrounding some $15 million in cost overruns on one of its marquee projects, possible nepotism and an alleged off-the-books slush fund, according to a series of reports released last week.  The garbage and recycling department in Zurich developed into a state within a state,  Filippo Leutenegger, a city council member who has overseen the Sanitation and Recycling office since 2014, told state broadcaster SRF.  We cannot allow that to happen,  he added, rejecting criticism he failed to act quickly enough to halt the problems. The department s chief, Urs Pauli, was fired in June after revelations he was driving a taxpayer-funded BMW sedan worth more than $100,000 and after a so-called  secret stash  of 215,000 Swiss francs ($226,500) was uncovered in his offices.  The city prosecutor s office seized the cash, which Swiss newspaper Tages-Anzeiger has reported resulted from selling used department vehicles and was used to reward employees for good performance.  SWEEPING COVER-UP  According to the city s reports, the garbage department hid 15 million Swiss francs in cost overruns on a logistics center, including by booking them to unrelated accounts in a  sweeping cover-up.  A whistleblower alerted authorities in 2015, accusing Pauli s department of neglecting proper documentation as well as irregularities on no-bid construction contracts involving firms with close ties to trash department officials.   Awarding contracts without seeking bids or ensuring transparency can prompt questions about compliance when the same contractors are always chosen,  according to the city reports.  It creates fertile ground for accusations of favoritism.  Earlier this year, Leutenegger filed a criminal complaint with city prosecutors, alleging Pauli, who had led the department since 2008, had broken the law by bypassing formal approval for his BMW.  Zurich prosecutors did not immediately respond to questions on Tuesday about their investigation s status. Nobody has been charged. Pauli, who has denied wrongdoing, declined to comment this week through his attorney.  ",1
20329,Hundreds of Afghans demonstrate against 'offensive' U.S. leaflets,"QARA BAGH, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Hundreds of demonstrators rallied near the Afghan capital on Tuesday to denounce a propaganda leaflet drop by U.S. forces last week that caused widespread offense and forced American commanders to issue an apology. The leaflet drop near Bagram Air Field, one of the biggest U.S. bases in Afghanistan, was intended to encourage people to report insurgents to the authorities and depicted a lion chasing a dog, symbolizing the Taliban. However it prompted widespread outrage as the picture of the dog, considered an unclean animal in Islam, incorporated a profession of faith from the Quran that forms part of the Taliban flag.  The Americans have insulted Muslims through this action and their beliefs and we will not sit quietly by,  said Mir Rahman, a protester at the rally in Qarabagh district near Bagram.  If the Americans and NATO continue to insult Islam, they will face the same fate that the Russians faced in Afghanistan.  U.S. commanders apologized for the leaflet and promised to hold those responsible to account but the affair has caused severe embarrassment at a time of heightened sensitivity over the separate issue of civilian casualties caused by air strikes. While the NATO-led Resolute Support coalition has generally taken pains to avoid cultural insensitivities, there have been several other examples where international forces, most of which come from non-Muslim cultures, have caused offense. In a previous incident in 2012, when copies of the Quran were mistakenly burned, a number of people died in the following protests. So far, demonstrations have been on a much smaller scale but some protesters said they might continue.     Apologies on their own will never cure any wound,  said Mehrabuddin, another protester, who like many Afghans, goes by one name.  If the Americans repeat such an insult in future we will keep up our demonstrations and, if needed, attack Bagram base,  he said. Last week, the Taliban, seeking to establish Islamic law after their 2001 ouster, claimed a suicide attack near the entrance to Bagram which it said had been launched in retaliation against the leaflets. ",1
20330,German court stops trial of paramedic who worked at Auschwitz,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A 96-year-old former paramedic at the Auschwitz Nazi death camp is no longer fit to stand trial due to his dementia, a spokesman for the court said on Tuesday, bringing to an end one of Germany s last prosecutions linked to the Holocaust. Hubert Zafke worked as a paramedic in Auschwitz for one month starting on Aug. 15, 1944. He stood accused of being an accessory to the murder of at least 3,681 people at the concentration and extermination camp in Nazi-occupied Poland. During his time at Auschwitz, at least 14 deportation trains arrived there from places as far away as Lyon, Vienna and Westerbork in the Netherlands.     Although Zafke was not accused of having been directly involved in any killings, the prosecution s office said he was aware of the camp s function as a facility for mass murder. The trial against Zafke began in the northeastern town of Neubrandenburg in 2016 but was repeatedly delayed due to his ill health. Germany had faced criticism for not prosecuting those who were small cogs in the Nazi machine and did not actively take part in the killing of 6 million Jews during the Holocaust. That criticism has abated thanks to many recent trials and convictions, such as the 2011 conviction of Sobibor extermination camp guard John Demjanjuk, which gave prosecutors new legal means to investigate suspects under accessory to murder charges. Former Auschwitz guard Reinhold Hanning and Oskar Groening, known as the  bookkeeper of Auschwitz , have also been convicted of complicity in mass murder in recent years. Another case against a woman who worked as a radio operator at Auschwitz was dropped last year after a court in Kiel ruled she was unfit to stand trial. ",1
20331,U.S. officials say about 5-6 million customers without power after Irma,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Five million to 6 million power customers lack electricity after Hurricane Irma swept through the Florida and other parts of the U.S. southeast, leaving about 15 million people without power, federal emergency officials said on Tuesday.  Obviously, power restoration is one of the biggest goals,  Federal Emergency Management Agency Director Brock Long told reporters at a news conference. He added that he was traveling to Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands to meet with their governors later on Tuesday. ",1
20332,Indian priest kidnapped in Yemen has been freed: Oman,"DUBAI (Reuters) - An Indian priest kidnapped by gunmen in Yemen last year has been freed, Oman s state news agency ONA said on Tuesday, posting a picture of him appearing in good health after being transferred to the Omani capital Muscat. Father Tom Uzhunnalil was abducted in March 2016 when four unidentified gunmen attacked a care home in Yemen s southern port city of Aden, killing four Indian nuns, two Yemeni female staff members, eight elderly residents and a guard. ONA said Omani authorities had coordinated with  Yemeni parties  to locate Uzhunnalil and transfer him to the sultanate. He will return home to India, it said, without mentioning which group had been holding him in Yemen.  I am happy to inform that Father Tom Uzhunnalil has been rescued,  Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj wrote on Twitter. Oman has frequently helped facilitate the release of foreign nationals detained in Yemen. The ONS picture showed the white-bearded Catholic priest standing in a palatial room in front of a portrait of Oman s ruler. Uzhunnalil was last seen appealing for help in a video recording carried by a Yemeni news website in May, saying his health was deteriorating and he needed hospitalization. ",1
20333,"Hiscox sees higher U.S. property insurance rates after Harvey, Irma","(Reuters) - Lloyd s of London underwriter Hiscox Ltd said the price of insuring property in the United States would rise after the states of Texas and Florida suffered billions of dollars of losses from Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.    This will definitely have the impact of eliminating price reductions. I think that loss-affected areas will see price rises. The bigger ticket property area will see price rises because that was a very under-priced area beforehand,  Chief Executive Bronek Masojada told Reuters.  People buy programs covering all of their property wherever they are in America. So, it (price rises) will be broader than just Texas and Florida,  Masojada added. Like many Lloyd s of London insurers, Hiscox offers U.S. property insurance.  AIR Worldwide forecast on Monday total insured losses in the United States for Irma of between $20 billion and $40 billion. That was down from initial estimates over the weekend of as much as $65 billion. Rival risk modeling firm RMS estimates insured losses from Harvey of $25-$35 billion. Masojada said Hiscox would be announcing loss estimates  in due course .  ",1
20334,Britain unconditionally committed to maintaining European security: official document,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain said it was unconditionally committed to maintaining European security, in a document on Tuesday setting out details of the relationship it wants to have with the European Union after Brexit. The document set out a number of areas where Britain wanted to maintain or deepen cooperation on security. It said the government could offer to continue  classified information exchange to support external action  with the EU, once negotiations with Brussels move on to future ties with the bloc.  The UK is unconditionally committed to maintaining European security,  the paper said.  In tackling the diverse, changing threats we all face today, it is in the interests of both the EU and UK that we ensure cooperation on European security.   ",1
20335,Austrian president to insist on pro-EU government after election,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian President Alexander Van der Bellen will insist that the coalition government formed after next month s parliamentary election should be pro-European, he said on Tuesday, but he stopped short of saying that ruled out the far-right. Van der Bellen, a former Greens leader, ran on a pro-European Union platform and beat an opponent from the far-right Freedom Party (FPO) in last year s presidential election. As head of state, he is mainly a figurehead but he does have the power to appoint and dismiss governments. The eurosceptic FPO initially cheered Britain s vote last year to leave the European Union but has since watered down its criticism of the bloc as polls have shown that a clear majority of Austrians want their country to remain a member.   I will ensure after the election that the new government, whatever its composition, does not lose sight of one thing: Austria should also in the future be a country at the heart of Europe, at the heart of the European Union,  Van der Bellen said in a speech to the nation ahead of the Oct. 15 vote. Van der Bellen has said he would aim to prevent FPO leader Heinz-Christian Strache from becoming chancellor if the anti-immigration party won the election. That outcome appears increasingly unlikely as polls show the conservative People s Party (OVP) led by Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz has a significant lead, with Chancellor Christian Kern s Social Democrats (SPO) or the FPO in second place. The SPO and OVP have dominated post-war politics and are in coalition together, but tensions between them have grown, making it more likely the election winner will turn to the FPO to obtain a parliamentary majority and form a government. In his address, Van der Bellen called on Austrians to inform themselves on political parties and their policies and to shun short-term thinking. He also said parties should avoid clashing so fiercely that they could not hold talks after the election. When asked after his speech if he would prevent the FPO from entering government, he did not give a direct answer.  I have always said clearly, and I stand by it and I think I have also made clear today, that I place the greatest importance on Austria having a pro-European government,  he said.     ",1
20336,Russian Islamic State fighter sentenced to hang in Iraq,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A Russian Islamic State fighter was sentenced to death by hanging in Iraq on Tuesday, authorities said, a rare conviction of a foreign militant on terrorism charges. The unnamed man was captured after running out of ammunition in western Mosul, a spokesman for Iraq s Supreme Judicial Council said in a statement.  The Russian was a member of Daesh operating in Mosul since 2015,  he added, using an Arabic acronym for the Sunni Muslim militant group.  Thousands of foreigners have been fighting for Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.   Security and aid officials told Reuters over the weekend that Iraqi authorities were holding 1,400 foreign wives and children of suspected militants - most from Turkey, others from former Soviet states including Tajikistan, Azerbaijan and Russia. Iraqi forces, backed by U.S.-led coalition allies and Kurds, retook Mosul in July following the group s occupation of the country s second largest city in 2014. The Sunni militant group still controls territory in Iraq and is expected to revert to more conventional insurgent tactics such as bombings as its self-proclaimed caliphate falls apart.      ",1
20337,Iraqi Kurdish official says Iraqi vote rejecting Kurdish independence referendum is non-binding,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - A vote by Iraq s parliament to reject the results of this month s Iraqi Kurdish independence vote was non-binding, a high-ranking Kurdish official told Reuters on Tuesday.  The Kurdish parliament will definitely have a response to the resolution when it convenes on Thursday,  said Hoshyar Zebari, former Iraqi foreign and finance minister and now a senior adviser to Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) President Massoud Barzani. Zebari said Kurdish lawmakers would convene for the first time since October 2015. ",1
20338,"North Korea warns U.S. of 'greatest pain', rejects sanctions","GENEVA (Reuters) - North Korea on Tuesday rejected a U.N. Security Council resolution imposing tougher sanctions and said the United States would soon face the  greatest pain  it had ever experienced. The Security Council unanimously stepped up sanctions against North Korea on Monday over the country s sixth and most powerful nuclear test, imposing a ban on its textile exports and capping imports of crude oil.  My delegation condemns in the strongest terms and categorically rejects the latest illegal and unlawful U.N. Security Council resolution,  Pyongyang s ambassador, Han Tae Song, told the U.N.-sponsored Conference on Disarmament in Geneva. Han accused the U.S. administration of being  fired up for political, economic, and military confrontation,  and of being   obsessed with the wild game of reversing the DPRK s development of nuclear force which has already reached the completion phase . North Korea was condemned globally for its latest nuclear test on Sept. 3, which it said was of an advanced hydrogen bomb. The Democratic People s Republic of Korea (DPRK) is  ready to use a form of ultimate means , Han said without elaborating.  The forthcoming measures by DPRK will make the U.S. suffer the greatest pain it ever experienced in its history,  he said. U.S. disarmament ambassador Robert Wood took the floor to say that the Security Council resolution  frankly sent a very clear and unambiguous message to the regime that the international community is tired, is no longer willing to put up provocative behavior from this regime .  My hope is the regime will hear the message loud and clear and it will choose a different path,  Wood said.  We call on all countries to vigorously implement these new sanctions and all other existing sanctions,  he added. ",1
20339,Romania names new minister to modernize military,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s leftist government named a new defense minister in a mini-reshuffle on Tuesday, to handle a multi-billion-dollar plan to modernize its military to NATO standards. The staunch Washington ally has promised to spend 2 percent of its gross domestic product on defense every year for the next nine years, and boost U.S.-backed defenses that have riled Russia. The ruling Social Democrats (PSD) said Economy Minister Mihai Fifor, 47, will replace Adrian Tutuianu who quit last week after his office said it could not pay defense staff wages in full, only to be contradicted hours later by the finance ministry.  This is a key position. Fifor is a responsible person, he has the advantage of being an economy minister and closely working with the defense ministry on military industry,  PSD leader Liviu Dragnea told reporters. Dragnea said the economy portfolio would go to PSD lawmaker Gheorghe Simon.  NATO member Romania hosts a U.S. ballistic missile defense station and has sent thousands of troops to operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. Among the first steps in its military expansion is the purchase of $1.25 billion of mobile artillery rocket systems, with Lockheed Martin as prime contractor, a plan endorsed by the U.S. State Department last month. Russia has said it sees the U.S.-backed missile defense system in Romania and other European countries as a threat and a ploy to neutralize its nuclear arsenal. ",1
20340,Japan's Abe to launch $17-billion Indian bullet train project as ties deepen,"NEW DELHI/TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will lay the foundation stone for India s first bullet train in Prime Minister Narendra Modi s home state this week, in a tightening of ties just days after New Delhi ended a dangerous military confrontation with China. The move by Abe, who starts a two-day visit to India on Wednesday, highlights an early lead for Japan in a sector where the Chinese have also been trying to secure a foothold, but without much success. Modi has made the 500-km- (311-mile-) long high-speed rail link between the financial hub of Mumbai and the industrial city of Ahmedabad in western Gujarat a centerpiece of his efforts to showcase India s ability to build cutting-edge infrastructure. The leaders will launch the start of work on the line on Thursday, India s railways ministry said in a statement.  This technology will revolutionize and transform the transport sector,  said Railways Minister Piyush Goyal, welcoming the prospects for growth brought by Japan s high-speed  shinkansen  technology. In Tokyo, a Japanese foreign ministry official told reporters,  We would like to support  Make in India  as much as possible,  referring to Modi s signature policy to lure investors in manufacturing.  And for that, we want to do what s beyond the Mumbai-Ahmedabad line and achieve economies of scale.   India would make  all-out efforts  to complete the line by August 2022, more than a year earlier than planned, the government said this week. Japan is providing 81 percent of the funding for the 1.08-trillion-rupee ($16.9-billion) project, through a 50-year loan at 0.1 percent annual interest.  Ties between India and Japan have blossomed as Modi and Abe increasingly see eye-to-eye in countering growing Chinese assertiveness across Asia. Japanese investment into India has surged in areas ranging from automotives to infrastructure in the remote northeast, making Tokyo its third-largest foreign direct investor.   India and Japan are also trying to move forward on a plan for New Delhi to buy Japanese amphibious aircraft - ShinMaywa Industries  US-2 - in what would be one of Tokyo s first arms transfers since ending a self-imposed embargo.  Tokyo hopes that by gaining a head start on rival exporters of rail technology such as China and Germany, its companies will be able to dominate business in one of the most promising markets for high-speed rail equipment. In 2015, China won a contract to assess the feasibility of a high-speed link between Delhi and Mumbai, part of a network of more than 10,000 km (6,214 miles) of track India wants to set up, but little progress has been made. Bullet train critics say the funds would be far better spent to modernize India s slow and rickety state-controlled rail system, the world s fourth largest.  But a $15-billion safety overhaul has hit delays as a state steel firm proved unable to fill demand for new rail. ",1
20341,"Factbox: Humanitarian crisis in Bangladesh as 370,000 Rohingya flee Myanmar","(Reuters) - An estimated 370,000 Rohingya Muslim refugees have fled to Bangladesh to escape violence in neighboring Myanmar since late August, a spokeswoman for the U.N. refugee agency, Vivian Tan, said on Tuesday. At least 457,000 hungry and traumatized refugees have sought refuge in Bangladesh since October 2016. They have joined many thousands of refugees from previous violent episodes in Myanmar. Here are details gathered from U.N. sources working in the Cox s Bazar district of Bangladesh, on the Myanmar border, where many of the refugees end up. - The jump in the number of arrivals from Sunday to Monday was fueled by the movement of many refugees from so-called transit sites into new settlement areas, where they are counted. - Authorities have been broadcasting messages along crowded roads telling people to move to a proposed camp at a settlement called Kutupalong. - An area of about 1,500 acres (607 hectares) to 2,000 acres (809 hectares), north of Kutupalong, has been set aside for new arrivals.  - A survey to identify children aged 4 to 14 has been started, so as to enroll them in learning centers. - People, in particular, children, are becoming susceptible to waterborne diseases due to an acute shortage of clean water and sanitation facilities, as well as the common cold and fever. - Facilities are improving gradually, for example, two 5,000-litre (1,100-gallon) water tanks have been installed at a settlement called Unchiprang. - Some rice is now being distributed, in addition to high-energy biscuits. - The World Food Programme (WFP) has provided more than 68,800 people with high-energy biscuits since Aug. 27 as they arrive seeking shelter in Cox s Bazar.  - About 77,600 people have received warm meals through community kitchens run by aid agency Action Contre la Faim. These kitchens provide meals for about 5,300 people a day. - The WFP is especially concerned about women and children arriving hungry and malnourished. Nearly 3,000 pregnant women, new mothers and children under five have received a special, high-nutrient porridge made of wheat and soya flour. - Some families have taken children out of school, fearing they will get lost in the throng of people, but teachers are trying to reassure them. ",1
20342,Australia kicks off weeks-long same-sex marriage ballot,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia on Tuesday launched a postal vote on whether to legalize same-sex marriage as a widely watched poll indicated the country would be overwhelmingly in support. The non-compulsory ballot, which runs until the end of October, will determine whether Australia becomes the 25th country to legalize same-sex marriage, while also healing a rift in the government. Despite securing 70 percent public support in an Ipsos/Fairfax poll on Tuesday, the issue of same-sex marriage had faced a political deadlock, only broken last week when the High Court gave the all-clear for the vote. The poll illustrates why parliament should simply vote to approve same-sex marriage without holding the national ballot, opposition Labor leader Bill Shorten said.     Change in this country only ever happens when people participate in the change,  Shorten told reporters in Canberra.  Please don t leave this change to other people.   The ballot of nearly 16 million people at a cost A$122 million ($97.86 million) will help Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull unite his Liberal-National coalition, which had been fractured over the issue throughout his two-year tenure. Turnbull had been under pressure to resolve the impasse after two previous efforts to hold a compulsory vote were rejected by the Senate, where the government is in the minority. Frustrated progressive members said they would side with the opposition Labor Party to secure same-sex marriage if the PM could not finally resolve the issue, though some conservative lawmakers threatened to resign if Turnbull did not stick to a public vote, threatening the PM s one-seat majority. The impasse was eventually resolved when the High Court ruled the government could proceed with the non-compulsory vote, without Senate approval. For a graphic on where same-sex marriage is legal, click: here ",1
20343,EU Parliament's Brexit coordinator urges May to address chamber,"STRASBOURG (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May should address the European Parliament when she visits the EU legislature to clarify Britain s plans for its divorce from the European Union, the parliament s Brexit coordinator said on Tuesday.  On Brexit, I m very pleased that Mrs. May has accepted the invitation of the European Parliament to come to the European Parliament,  Guy Verhofstadt told a news conference at the parliament in Strasbourg. May had accepted an invitation from the parliament to speak at a meeting of the heads of party groupings, he said.  But my proposal is that instead of only addressing the conference of presidents, I would encourage her to address the full house,  Verhofstadt said. Verhofstadt said a May address would be very helpful because the parliament had to give its approval to a Brexit agreement between the EU and Britain, notably on the question of citizens  rights, a divorce bill and the future Ireland/Northern Ireland border.  So in the future, all this, I think needs to be debated in an open dialogue between Mrs. May and all members,  Verhofstadt said, adding he did not know when May planned to visit. Verhofstadt pointed out that other leaders had done so in the past. They have included former U.S. President Ronald Reagan, former French President Nicolas Sarkozy, as well as Britain s Queen Elizabeth in 1992 and two popes. The parliament s Brexit coordinator also said that, for the moment, negotiations had not made sufficient progress on the divorce issues to allow talks to move to the issue of future trade relations between Britain and the bloc. He added that the parliament would debate a motion in early October on whether enough progress had been made. ",1
20344,"Norway's right-wing government wins re-election fought on oil, tax","OSLO (Reuters) - Norway s tax-cutting Conservative Prime Minister Erna Solberg declared victory on Tuesday after a parliamentary election, narrowly defeating a Labour-led opposition with her promises of steady management of the oil-dependent economy. The win is historic for Solberg, whose supporters compare her firm management style to that of German Chancellor Angela Merkel, because no Conservative-led government has retained power in an election in Norway since 1985.  It looks like a clear victory,  for the center-right, a beaming Solberg told cheering supporters in Oslo just after midnight (2200 GMT), following Monday s voting.   Our solutions have worked. We have created jobs,  she said, but warned,  We have some challenges ahead. ... Oil revenues are going to be lower. We all must take responsibility.  The ruling minority coalition of her Conservatives and the populist Progress Party, together with two small center-right allies, was set to win a slim majority with 89 seats in the 169-seat parliament, according to an official projection with 95 percent of the votes counted. (Election graphic tmsnrt.rs/2wYkVIO)  It s a big disappointment,  opposition Labour leader Jonas Gahr Stoere said, conceding defeat for his party that has been a dominant force in Norwegian politics for a century. Solberg, 56, plans more tax cuts as a way to stimulate growth for Europe s top oil and gas producer. Stoere had argued for tax increases to improve public services such as education and healthcare for Norway s 5 million citizens. The oil industry could be affected by the vote, because Solberg will need support from two green-minded, center-right allies to ensure a majority to pass legislation in parliament. One of the two parties, the Liberals, wants strict limits on oil and gas exploration in Arctic waters.  Solberg s Conservative Party was set to lose three seats to 45 in parliament, making her more dependent on outsiders  help and perhaps heralding a less stable government. And the head of the other small party, the Christian Democrats, warned Solberg he would not automatically back every government decision.  We will not give a guarantee for the next four years,  party leader Knut Arild Hareide said.   They (The Liberals and the Christian Democrats) will support Solberg as prime minister, but the question is whether they get a firm agreement or if there is cooperation on a case-by-case basis,  said Elisabeth Ivarsflaten, a professor in comparative politics at the University of Bergen.  Then it may be a weaker government,  she told Reuters.  The Norwegian currency, the crown EURNOK=, strengthened slightly following the first projections after falling sharply earlier in the day on weaker-than-expected inflation data. For much of the year, Labour and its allies were favored by pollsters to win a clear victory, but support for the government has risen as the economy gradually recovered from a slump in the price of crude oil, Norway s top export. Unemployment, which a year ago hit a 20-year high of 5  percent, has since declined to 4.3 percent, while consumer confidence is at a 10-year high.  Solberg has won credit for the upturn with a no-nonsense style of management. Norway s economy also has the cushion of a sovereign wealth fund worth almost $1 trillion, the world s biggest, built on income from offshore oil and gas.  Regardless of which government we get, the challenge will be to use less oil money,  said Erik Bruce, chief analyst at Nordea Markets.  There is broad consensus about the outlook for the sovereign wealth fund and the Norwegian economy, which means a tighter fiscal policy.  The sovereign wealth fund has wanted to invest in unlisted infrastructure to boost its return on investment. Finance Minister Siv Jensen has twice said no to the request over the past two years, citing political risk.  That stance is unlikely to change now that the government has been re-elected. Labour was set to remain the biggest party in Norway, with 49 seats, just ahead of the Conservatives. Stoere, who sometimes compares himself with French President Emmanuel Macron, took over the leadership of the Labour Party from Jens Stoltenberg, who left Norwegian politics to become NATO s secretary-general. Solberg s coalition partner, the populist Progress Party, has sharply limited immigration to Norway in what Stoere said is a betrayal of Norwegian values.  We have done our share of the job. We have delivered,  Finance Minister Siv Jensen, leader of the Progress Party, told party supporters as they chanted  four more years .  Norway s problems are small by the standards of most nations.  Apart from its sovereign wealth fund, Norway tops U.N. lists of the best country in which to live, based on issues such as per capita gross domestic product, education and life expectancy. It even rose to first, from fourth, in a 2017 survey that ranked nations by happiness. ",1
20345,"Saudi Arabia says foils Islamic State bomb, foreign spying plots","DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia said on Tuesday it foiled an Islamic State plot to bomb its defense ministry headquarters and also said it had arrested several people suspected of carrying out espionage in the kingdom on behalf of foreign powers. It was not immediately clear whether the two announcements, made separately by a security official to state news agency SPA and a security source speaking to Reuters, were related. The would-be bombers were identified as two Yemeni nationals living under aliases in the kingdom who were detained along with two Saudi citizens also suspected of involvement in the attack planned for the capital Riyadh, the official from the Presidency of State Security added. Saudi Arabia has previously been hit by deadly bombing and shooting attacks by Islamic State militants targeting security forces and Shi ite Muslims. The assailants were training in the use of explosive belts, the security source added, while authorities said they seized grenades and firearms during the operation to foil the attack. Islamic State has for years criticized the leadership of Western-allied Saudi Arabia, the world s top oil exporter, accusing it of deviating from their strict interpretation of Islam and advancing the interests of their U.S. enemies. In a separate news item, SPA quoted a security source saying  authorities uncovered  intelligence activities for the benefit of foreign parties  by a group of people it did not name. A Saudi security source, who declined to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter, told Reuters that the suspects were accused of  espionage activities and having contacts with external entities including the Muslim Brotherhood , which Riyadh has classified as a terrorist organization.  The group is also accused of having contacts with and receiving financial and other forms of support from two other countries to harm the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and with the aim of destabilizing the security and national unity in preparation to overthrow the Saudi regime in favor of the Muslim Brotherhood,  the source said. Citing an ongoing investigation, the source declined to name the countries or the members of the group. The source said one of the detainees is a member of the armed Houthi movement, which is locked in 2 1/2 years of war with a Saudi-led coalition in Yemen, and is in direct contact with the group. The suspects are in custody and will be granted legal rights and due process, the source added. ",1
20346,German prosecutor demands life for neo-Nazi suspect Zschaepe,"MUNICH, Germany (Reuters) - A German prosecutor urged judges on Tuesday to give a sentence of life imprisonment to Beate Zschaepe, the main surviving member of a neo-Nazi gang accused of murdering 10 people, most of them immigrants, over seven years from the year 2000. Prosecutors say Zschaepe was part of the National Socialist Underground (NSU) group which killed eight Turks, a Greek and a German policewoman. Zschaepe, 42, has denied taking part in the murders with two friends who killed themselves in 2011 when police discovered the gang by chance. But she has, through her lawyer, said she felt morally guilty for not stopping them. Judges have yet to give a verdict.   The accused is criminally fully responsible for her behavior,  said federal prosecutor Herbert Diemer, calling for Zschaepe to be given a life sentence for 10 murders. He described Zschaepe as an  ice-cold, calculating person , adding that there were no mitigating circumstances. Zschaepe, 42, listened impassively, resting her chin on her hands. Prosecutors said in July that four years of hearing evidence had shown that Zschaepe was a  co-founder, member and accomplice  of a terrorist organization. The group had carried out  the most violent and infamous terror attacks    including two bombings and 15 bank robberies   since the end of the Red Army Faction s two-decade spree in 1991, in which 34 people are estimated to have been killed. Although the NSU murders were carried out by Zschaepe s two friends, Uwe Mundlos and Uwe Boehnhardt, both now dead in what is believed to have been a murder-suicide, she played a major role behind the scenes, according to prosecutors.  ",1
20347,France eyes legalizing assisted reproduction for gay women in 2018,"PARIS (Reuters) - The right of lesbian couples and single women to have access to assisted reproduction was  a matter of social justice  and will likely be legislated next year, a French government minister said on Tuesday. The move would mark a significant extension of gay rights in France, where violent protests preceded the legalization of same-sex marriage and adoption by homosexual couples in 2013.    It was a campaign promise. It will be honored,  Marlene Schiappa, minister for gender equality, told BFM TV. She said a bill would likely pass through parliament in 2018.      Current legislation means that gay women with sufficient funds travel abroad for artificial insemination while other women without the financial means cannot. Schiappa said that was unjust. French law still restricts techniques such as artificial insemination using donated sperm to heterosexual couples. A national ethics committee said last June that it backed the idea of medically assisted procreation for female couples and single women. Macron, president since May, had set such a recommendation as a prerequisite to any legislative action.  ",1
20348,"Number of Rohingya fleeing from Myanmar to Bangladesh at 370,000: U.N.","COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - An estimated 370,000 Rohingya Muslim refugees have fled to Bangladesh from violence in Myanmar since late August, a spokeswoman for the U.N. refugee agency, Vivian Tan, said on Tuesday. The government of Buddhist-majority Myanmar says its security forces are fighting Rohingya militants behind a surge of violence that began on Aug. 25. Many of the refugees say Myanmar authorities are intent on pushing Rohingya out of the country.     ",1
20349,"China facing intensified threat of religious infiltration, extremism: official","BEIJING (Reuters) - China is facing heightened threats from foreign infiltration via religion and from the spread of extremism, a top official for religious affairs said on Tuesday, after strict new rules were passed to manage religious practice in the country. President Xi Jinping has emphasized the need to guard against foreign infiltration through religion and to prevent the spread of  extremist  ideology, while also being tolerant of traditional faiths that he sees as a salve to social ills. China s cabinet last week passed updated rules to regulate religion so as to bolster national security, fight extremism and restrict faith practiced outside state approved organizations. The new rules take effect in February. Wang Zuoan, the head of China s religious affairs bureau, said the revision was urgently needed because  the foreign use of religion to infiltrate (China) intensifies by the day and religious extremist thought is spreading in some areas.    Issues with religion on the internet are starting to break out ... and illegal religious gatherings in some places continue despite bans,  he added, writing in the official paper of the ruling Communist Party, the People s Daily. Wang said that freedom of religious faith is protected by the new rules.  At the same time, freedom of religious faith is not equal to religious activities taking place without legal restrictions,  he added. Religion within China needed to be  sinicized , a term officials use to describe the adjusting of religion to fit Chinese culture as interpreted by the Party.  These rules will help maintain the sinicization of religion in our country ... and keep to the correct path of adapting religion to a socialist society,  he said. China s five officially sanctioned religions - Buddhism, Taoism, Islam, Catholicism and Christianity - vowed to fight  desinicization  at a forum on the topic held in Beijing last week, according state media. China has seen a revival of religious practice in recent decades after faith was effectively banned during the Cultural Revolution in the 1960s.  Official estimates put the number of believers at around 100 million, but scholars argue that the real number could be many times higher, due to many believers being unregistered with authorities. China requires places of worship to be registered with authorities, but many believers shun official settings in preference for private gatherings often known as  underground  churches. (Story corrects to reflect that rules were passed by China s cabinet, not parliament, in third paragraph.) ",1
20350,United States says Cambodian accusations all false,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - The U.S. ambassador to Cambodia rejected government accusations of interference as  inaccurate, misleading and baseless  on Tuesday, and called for the immediate release of opposition leader Kem Sokha. The government of Prime Minister Hun Sen has charged Kem Sokha with treason, accusing him of conspiring to take power with the help of the United States, which has become an increasing target of Hun Sen s rhetoric.  On dozens of occasions over the past year, the United States has been subject to intentionally inaccurate, misleading and baseless accusations,  Ambassador William Heidt said in a statement.  All of the accusations you have heard in recent weeks about the United States - every one of them - are false,  he said. Heidt called for the immediate release of Kem Sokha. ",1
20351,Ruling Nationals recover support in jittery New Zealand election campaign,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Support for New Zealand s National Party has surged, a poll published on Tuesday suggests, indicating the ruling party will grab enough votes at looming national elections to govern. The Newshub-Reid poll is the latest twist in the rollercoaster ride of New Zealand s electoral campaign, coming just weeks after a separate poll showed support for the opposition Labour Party surging above the Nationals. That had given rise to speculation that Labour would return to power as the lead of a coalition government after almost a decade in opposition. The unusual volatility has been giving investors jitters.. The New Zealand dollar, the 11th most traded currency in the world in 2016, jumped to $0.7265 after the poll was released from $0.7224. The Newshub-Reid poll showed backing for the National Party up 4 points at 47.3 percent and, in a double whammy for Labour, showed the opposition party s support down 1.6 points at 37.8 percent.  It s a huge setback for Labour,  said Bryce Edwards, Wellington-based analyst at Critical Politics.  It really just shows how volatile this election campaign is.  The National Party has vowed to support free trade as global protectionism rises, in particular, by championing the Trans-Pacific Partnership pact, which Labour has said it would renegotiate.  The surprisingly strong result for National suggested it might not need the nationalist New Zealand First Party, long considered the likely kingmaker, to form a government at the Sept. 23 election. Labour changed its leader last month in a bid to jolt life into its struggling campaign, appointing 37-year-old Jacinda Ardern. That last-minute gamble had appeared to be paying off with Labour climbing dramatically in previous polls. An average of previous polls, compiled by Radio New Zealand on Friday, showed Labour s support had surpassing National s. The latest Newshub-Reid poll suggested that the two minor parties traditionally needed to form a coalition government would not have a role to play this time around. New Zealand First, led by populist politician Winston Peters, slipped 0.6 points to 6 percent. The Green Party, which is aligned with Labour for a potential coalition, fell to 4.9 percent, below the 5 percent threshold needed to gain seats in parliament. ",1
20352,Turkish police detain 25 suspected Islamic State militants in Istanbul: Anadolu,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish police detained 25 suspected Islamic State militants in operations across Istanbul, the state-run Anadolu news agency said on Tuesday. Three of the suspects were  high-level members  of the militant group, Anadolu said. It said 22 of the suspected jihadists were foreign nationals. Ankara has detained more than 5,000 Islamic State suspects and deported some 3,290 foreign militants from 95 different countries in recent years, according to Turkish officials. It has also refused entry to at least 38,269 individuals. Last week, Turkish police shot dead an Islamic State militant who was set to carry out a suicide bomb attack on a police station in the Mediterranean city of Mersin. ",1
20353,Germany's Schaeuble eyes another run as finance minister,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The chances of Wolfgang Schaeuble returning as German finance minister are rising as the Sept. 24 election approaches and politicians from rival parties play down the prospect of unseating the wily veteran. Schaeuble, who turns 75 next week, is the longest serving member of the German parliament. He is the face of German austerity policies that, critics say, deepened the euro zone crisis and hampered its economic recovery. But he has made abundantly clear that he would relish another run as finance minister. Ministry officials have even discussed reserving Schaeuble s wheelchair compatible hotel room in Washington for the 2018 spring meetings of the IMF and World Bank, according to one source. The ministry denies that any formal reservation has been made. The only people who could stand in Schaeuble s way are Chancellor Angela Merkel, who is on track to win a fourth term, and the leaders of the parties she ends up governing with. These include the Social Democrats (SPD), the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens. It is a longstanding tradition that the junior coalition partner gets first choice of a ministry when a new government is formed. That means any one of the three parties could end Schaeuble s run at the finance ministry. But none of them seem intent on doing so if it means relinquishing prime cabinet positions like the foreign ministry, traditionally the most coveted post outside the Chancellery. Top politicians in all three parties, from Martin Schulz and Sigmar Gabriel of the SPD, to Cem Oezdemir of the Greens and Alexander Graf Lambsdorff of the FDP, have set their sights on the foreign ministry, according to senior officials in the parties who spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity.  There is an argument for taking the finance ministry, but that would mean relinquishing the most cherished ministry of all,  one leading SPD politician told Reuters.  Both Schulz and Gabriel have their eyes on the foreign ministry.   I don t see anyone kicking out Schaeuble,  said a senior  Greens lawmaker, who conceded that no one in the party could be considered a serious contender for the post.  The finance ministry and the three parties declined to comment. Opinion polls suggest three coalitions might result from the election: a two-way partnership between Merkel s conservative bloc and the FDP, another  grand coalition  with the SPD or an untested three-way alliance between Merkel, the FDP and the Greens. Cabinet posts will be determined at the end of coalition talks that could drag on for months. If there is a party that might be tempted to block Schaeuble it is the FDP, haunted by its decision not to take the finance ministry in Merkel s second term. Instead, the FDP leader at the time, Guido Westerwelle, chose the foreign ministry, a move that backfired for him and his party. From his perch in the finance ministry Schaeuble quashed the FDP s plan for tax cuts, infuriating its pro-business supporters who fled the party, booting it out of parliament in 2013. Should Westerwelle s successor Christian Lindner decide to take the finance ministry for himself, either in a two-way coalition or a partnership that includes the Greens, it would be his for the taking. But Lindner has sent signals that he may prefer to lead the FDP in parliament rather than take a ministerial post under Merkel, according to multiple FDP officials. Much will depend on whether Merkel is prepared to push hard for Schaeuble during the coalition talks. The two have a checkered past and have clashed over Greece and Merkel s handling of the refugee crisis. But Merkel supported Schaeuble when he had serious health problems in 2010, giving him time off to recover when he was ready to resign. And aides to the chancellor say Schaeuble plays a vital role in keeping the conservative wing of the CDU onside.  That will be crucial as she embarks on talks with French President Emmanuel Macron on reform of the single currency bloc. People close to Schaeuble say Macron reminds the aging minister of himself when he was a young, passionate advocate of European integration. Schaeuble, who grew up near the French border, has since traded his idealism for pragmatism. He is skeptical about whether Europe is ready for the big leap forward that Macron has promised. But Merkel may see him as the right person to forge a compromise with Paris. Both she and Macron have voiced support for Schaeuble s idea to turn the euro zone s rescue mechanism, the ESM, into a more powerful European Monetary Fund (EMF). In France, Schaeuble was long seen as an impediment to closer cooperation because of his insistence on fiscal discipline and hardline stance towards southern states like Greece. That too may be changing.  We don t always agree with him, but he is committed to euro zone reform,  said a French official close to Macron.  He is a francophile and he s one of the few people out there who is putting forth ideas and thinking about solutions.  ",1
20354,"China's big banks halt services for North Koreans, tellers say","SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China s Big Four state-owned banks have stopped providing financial services to new North Korean clients, according to branch staff, amid U.S. concerns that Beijing has not been tough enough over Pyongyang s repeated nuclear tests. Tensions between the United States and North Korea have ratcheted up after the sixth and most powerful nuclear test conducted by Pyongyang on Sept. 3 prompted the United Nations Security Council to impose further sanctions on Tuesday. Chinese banks have come under scrutiny for their role as a conduit for funds flowing to and from China s increasingly isolated neighbor. China Construction Bank (CCB) (601939.SS) has  completely prohibited business with North Korea , said a bank teller at a branch in the northeastern province of Liaoning. The ban started on Aug. 28, the teller said. Frustrated that China had not done more to rein in North Korea, the Trump administration was mulling new sanctions in July on small Chinese banks and other firms doing business with Pyongyang, two senior U.S. officials told Reuters. A person answering the customer hotline at the world s largest lender, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd (ICBC) (601398.SS), said the bank had stopped opening accounts for North Koreans and Iranians since July 16. The person did not explain why or answer further questions. The measures taken by the largest Chinese banks began as early as the end of last year, when the Dandong city branch of China s most international lender, Bank of China Ltd (BoC) (601988.SS), stopped allowing North Koreans to open individual or business accounts, said a BoC bank teller who declined to be identified. Existing North Korean account holders could not deposit or remove money from their accounts, the BoC bank teller said. At Agricultural Bank of China Ltd (AgBank) (601288.SS), a teller at a branch in Dandong, a northeastern Chinese city that borders North Korea, said North Koreans could not open accounts. The teller did not provide further details. Official representatives for BoC, ICBC, CCB and AgBank could not be reached for comment. Banks in Dandong have been under the microscope as tensions have risen, given their proximity to North Korea. In June, the United States accused the Bank of Dandong, a small lender, of laundering money for Pyongyang. Attempts to slowly choke off the flow of funds to and from North Korea come after the United States sanctioned a Chinese industrial machinery wholesaler that it said was acting on behalf of a Pyongyang bank already sanctioned by the United Nations for supporting the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. The Chinese wholesaler was found to be operating through 25 accounts at banks in China. Although measures are in place, some bankers questioned how well the rules would be enforced. Chinese lenders have experienced high-profile failures to police money-laundering in recent years, with some facing allegations that bankers were complicit in the movement of illicit funds.  Asking whether we will be able to enforce the new rules is the same question as asking how tight our know-your-client checks are,  said a senior corporate banker at the Bank of China who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter.  There will always be holes,  she said. ",1
20355,Leader of China's $9 billion Ezubao online scam gets life; 26 jailed,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A Beijing court on Tuesday sentenced the architect of the $9 billion Ezubao online financial scam to life imprisonment, and handed down jail time to 26 others, marking the close to one of the biggest Ponzi schemes in modern Chinese history. The ruling comes at a time when the government is stepping up efforts to crack down on risky and illicit behavior in the country s financial sector, including the unruly peer-to-peer industry that continues to attract high volumes. Beijing First Intermediate People s Court sentenced Ding Ning - chairman of Anhui Yucheng Holdings Group that launched Ezubao in 2014 - to life in prison and fined him 100 million yuan ($15.29 million) for crimes including illegal fundraising, illegal gun possession and smuggling precious metals. Ding Dian, the chairman s brother, was also sentenced to life, while Zhang Min, Yucheng s president, and 24 others were sentenced to imprisonment for 3 to 15 years, according to an article on the Beijing Courts social media account. Ezubao, once China s biggest P2P lending platform, folded last year after it turned out to be a Ponzi scheme that collected 59.8 billion yuan ($9.14 billion) from more than 900,000 investors through savvy marketing. By the time police made arrests in early 2016, the company had failed to repay 38 billion yuan. The incident sparked a crackdown on the freewheeling online financial services market and led to new regulations to control China s P2P industry - where monthly volumes are above $50 billion, statistics published by industry portal P2P001 show. Ezubao s excesses also became a cautionary tale following its collapse. Ding collected a monthly salary of 1 million yuan, and admitted on state television to spending an estimated 1.5 billion yuan in Ezubao funds on himself.  We fabricated projects to raise money,  Ding said, according to a Xinhua report published last year, and then used fabricated project companies to re-circulate cash back into accounts linked to his companies. Ding also asked dozens of his secretaries to dress only in Chanel, Gucci and other luxury branded clothing to make the company appear highly successful.  He told Zhang, the group president, to buy up everything from every Louis Vuitton and Herm s store in China.  (reut.rs/2xsfaHH) ",1
20356,"New Zealand Labour still wants TPP part, but only if it can ban foreign home ownership","WELLINGTON (Reuters) - A New Zealand Labour government will still want to be part of the stalled Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal but only if it allows for foreigners to be banned from buying existing homes, opposition leader Jacinda Ardern said on Tuesday. Labour, firming as the frontrunner ahead of the National government in a Sept. 23 election, wants to curb overseas buyers  home purchases in a bid to cool the housing market and make home ownership more affordable for New Zealanders. Foreigners with the right to live in New Zealand would be exempt from Labour s proposed ban, which would still be at odds with provisions in the TPP trade deal as well as New Zealand s free trade agreement with South Korea.  It is an agreement we want to be part of, but we also want to maintain our ability to legislate under our laws to protect what is an overheated housing market,  Ardern said.  We want to be in there but our housing bottom line is pretty firm for us,  she told New Zealand media. The original 12-member TPP, which aims to cut trade barriers in some of Asia s fastest-growing economies, was thrown into limbo in January when U.S. President Trump withdrew from the agreement. The remaining 11 members have said they remain committed to the deal, but implementation of the agreement linking 11 countries with a combined GDP of $12.4 trillion has stalled. Ardern, who has almost single-handedly changed Labour s election chances since becoming leader in August, has made home ownership a campaign focus. She has criticized National for failing to tackle a housing crisis during nine years in government, promising to build more affordable homes and to crack down on foreign speculators. Labour wants to reconsider New Zealand s role in the TPP if foreign investment provisions are not restricted. Banning foreign investment in existing homes would also mean having to renegotiate New Zealand s trading agreement with South Korea, although its free trade deal with China already provides for restrictions on foreign investment.  Korea has the same carve-out ... for themselves so they can restrict New Zealanders ... Australia has that same carve-out in their agreement with Korea, so we don t anticipate that would be a significant sticking point,  she said. National criticized Labour s plans to renegotiate the trade agreement with South Korea, describing it as an  ill-thought out and vague  policy. Support for Labour rose to 41.8 percent in the latest average of opinion polls, nudging above National s 41.1 percent. ",1
20357,Dancer who hid Peru rebel chief freed from prison after 25 years,"LIMA (Reuters) - A ballet dancer in Peru who was caught hiding the leader of the Shining Path in her apartment in 1992 was freed from prison after finishing her 25-year sentence on Monday. Maritza Garrido Lecca, 52, emerged from a prison on the dusty outskirts of Lima smiling. As she stepped in a car, journalists shouted:  Do you regret it?  Garrido Lecca is the latest in a wave of former militants to be freed, and their release has stirred fears of unrest. Raised in an affluent Catholic home in Peru s capital Lima, Garrido Lecca stunned Peru when authorities discovered the country s most wanted man, Abimael Guzman, had been secretly living in the second story of her apartment above the studio where she taught ballet and modern dance. Her story inspired the 2002 John Malkovich-directed film  The Dancer Upstairs  that depicted the kind of patient detectivework that led to Guzman s capture. Guzman launched the Shining Path s attempt to overthrow the state in 1980 in what would become one of Latin America s deadliest internal conflicts. An estimated 69,000 people were killed in the two-decade battle between state security forces and leftist insurgents. The majority of victims were the poor indigenous peasants whom Guzman hoped would embrace his plans for an armed rebellion. Residents of Lima s upscale neighborhood Miraflores waved Peruvian flags in protest as they waited for Garrido Lecca to arrive at her elderly mother s apartment building.  The Shining Path and terrorism are our enemy and we ll be vigilant about combating them,  Justice Minister Marisol Perez told journalists ahead of Garrido Lecca s release. While the Shining Path is no longer a threat to the Peruvian state and the group s political arm, Movadef, has been blocked from forming a party, authorities say former members are fanning conflicts and winning support among young people. Peru s Interior Minister Carlos Basombrio accused former Shining Path inmates of infiltrating a teachers strike that dragged on for more than two months with frequent clashes between police and protesters. Out of some 6,000 inmates who had been convicted of terrorism, the  vast majority  are now free, Peruvian security analyst Pedro Yaranga said. While no former Shining Path member has asked for forgiveness for the group s violent past, Movadef says it is no longer seeking to obtain power with an armed rebellion. After her arrest, Garrido Lecca denied being part of Shining Path s leadership but acknowledged having links to the group and shouted her allegiance to it before news cameras. Peru s former Prime Minister Pedro Cateriano, who lives in the building where Garrido Lecca is expected to stay, said Peru has no choice but live with the former rebels.  I don t like being Garrido Lecca s neighbor, either, but, that s how a state based on the rule of law works,  Cateriano told reporters. ",1
20358,Turkey orders former intelligence personnel detained in Gulen probe: AA,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey issued arrest warrants for 63 people, including former National Intelligence Agency (MIT) personnel, over alleged links to the U.S.-based cleric accused of orchestrating last year s attempted coup, Anadolu agency reported on Tuesday. The police operation was launched in 21 provinces across Turkey, the state-run news agency reported. Ankara says cleric Fethullah Gulen, who has lived in the United States since 1999, was behind the abortive putsch in July 2016. Gulen has denied involvement. More than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial for alleged ties to Gulen s movement and some 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the public and private sectors for the same reason. Some of Turkey s Western allies and rights groups have expressed concern about the crackdown and suspect the government has used the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government says the purges are necessary due to the gravity of the threats it has faced since the failed putsch, in which more than 240 people were killed. ",1
20359,Philippine police halt drug tests after residents petition court,"MANILA (Reuters) - Police have been forced to stop conducting drug surveys and testing in the Philippine capital s biggest and most populous area after a lawyers  group representing residents filed a petition before a court, a police chief said on Tuesday. Thousands of residents had been surveyed and a few hundred had been tested in a door-to-door anti-narcotics campaign in two communities in Manila s Quezon City from May this year, part of President Rodrigo Duterte s bloody war on drugs. Human rights groups and Duterte s political opponents have said tests conducted by police amounted to harassment that could endanger the lives of those who tested positive. Activists say large numbers of users have been killed during the anti-drug campaign, often by mysterious gunmen. Community officials were still allowed to go around the city s 142 neighborhoods asking people to complete surveys about drug use and take voluntary urine tests, said Guillermo Eleazar, Quezon City police chief.  The police will no longer have an active role in the anti-drug activities,  Eleazar told Reuters, a day after he attended a court hearing on a petition to stop the police tests.  Our uniformed personnel will now be limited to providing security and visibility upon the requests of our barangay (community) officials. They will no longer take part in asking questions and taking urine samples,  he said. The decision comes as Philippine police are under intense media scrutiny over their conduct in an anti-narcotics campaign that has killed thousands of Filipinos over the past 15 months and alarmed human rights monitors. Activists and some opposition politicians have accused Duterte of having a kill policy that aims to eliminate suspected drug dealers rather than take them into custody. Duterte and the police reject such accusations and say that those killed had resisted arrest violently.  Eleazar said the drug tests police had conducted were voluntary and not coercive. He said the court did not issue a restraining order because he assured the judge it was up to each community to decide its own programmes and police would play only a supporting role. Eleazar accepted some police officers were  over-zealous  in the conduct of house-to-house surveys and tests, but said petitioners were wrong to blame police, who were only trying to help.  The petitioners are barking up at the wrong tree,  he said.  They should ask the court to stop the barangays from doing these anti-drug surveys and tests.  The National Union of People s Lawyers (NUPL) said they expected police to shift blame.  No doubt this about-face by the police was due to public protests and the legal suit,  the NUPL said in a statement. ",1
20360,Human Rights Watch says Saudi-led air strikes in Yemen are war crimes,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Human Rights Watch accused the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen of war crimes on Tuesday, saying its air strikes killed 39 civilians including 26 children in two months.  The rights group said five air strikes hitting four family homes and a grocery store were carried out either deliberately or recklessly, causing indiscriminate loss of civilian lives in violation of the laws of war. The coalition has repeatedly denied allegations of war crimes and says its attacks are directed against its foes in Yemen s armed Houthi movement and not civilians. Yemen has been torn by a civil war in which Yemen s internationally-recognized government, backed by a coalition supported by the United States and Britain, is trying to roll back the Iran-aligned Houthi group which controls most of northern Yemen, including the capital Sanaa.  The Saudi-led coalition s repeated promises to conduct its air strikes lawfully are not sparing Yemeni children from unlawful attacks,  said Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East director at Human Rights Watch, in a statement.  This underscores the need for the United Nations to immediately return the coalition to its annual  list of shame  for violations against children in armed conflict,  she said. On August 4, coalition aircraft struck a home in Saada, killing nine members of a family, including six children, ages 3 through 12.  On July 3, an air strike killed eight members of the same family in Taiz province, including the wife and 8-year-old daughter, the organization said. HRW said it interviewed nine family members and witnesses to five air strikes that occurred between June 9 and August 4, and did not detect any potential military targets in the vicinity.  The war has killed more than 10,000 people, displaced more than three million and ruined much of the impoverished country s infrastructure. The Saudi-led coalition was formed in 2015 to fight the Houthis and army troops allied with them who have fired missiles into the kingdom. HRW called on United Nations Security Council to launch an international investigation into the abuses at its September session.   On Monday, the U.N. said it has verified 5,144 civilian deaths in the war in Yemen, mainly from air strikes by a Saudi-led coalition, and an international investigation is urgently needed. ",1
20361,Japan PM Abe's ratings regain 50 percent amid North Korea security jitters,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s support ratings have recovered to the 50 percent level, a poll released on Tuesday showed, helped by public jitters over North Korea s missile and nuclear tests and by disarray in the main opposition party. A September 8-10 survey by the Yomiuri newspaper put support for Abe s administration at 50 percent, up 8 points from the previous month. Abe s support had sunk below 30 percent in some polls in July, battered by suspected cronyism scandals and perceptions among voters that he had become arrogant after more than four years in office. His ratings improved slightly cabinet reshuffle in early August. Since then, news has been dominated by rising regional tensions over North Korea s ballistic missile tests, including one that flew over northern Japan. Abe has spoken to U.S. President Donald Trump by phone numerous times, seeking to demonstrate the U.S.-Japan alliance is firm. Pyongyang last week carried out its sixth and biggest nuclear test and Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera warned more provocations could be in store after the U.N. Security Council stepped up sanctions, imposing a ban on the North s textile exports and capping crude oil imports.  Japan also wants to take leadership to change North Korea s policies while coordinating closely with other countries,  Abe told reporters on Tuesday. With parliament in recess, Abe was  able to use the  crisis  in North Korea to monopolize the spotlight by getting the media to portray him as a strong leader,  said Koichi Nakano, a  political science professor at Sophia University. Japan s opposition Democratic Party, meanwhile, failed to  improve its ratings after the election last month of a new leader, former foreign minister Seiji Maehara. The Democrats also face likely defections to an embryonic party that allies of popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, an ex-ruling party lawmaker, are trying to form. Sixty percent of voters did not hold hopes for Maehara s leadership compared to 33 percent who did. Support for his party languished at 5 percent versus 40 percent for Abe s Liberal Democratic Party, the Yomiuri said. Reflecting Koike s popularity, the yet-to-be-launched  Japan First  party, fared better, with 41 percent expressing hopes for the new group. Whether Abe can maintain the gains in popularity remains to be seen.  The scandals have not gone away and in a couple of weeks, Abe will have to convene the Diet ... so the recovery in  support levels may well turn out to be temporary,  Nakano said. ",1
20362,"With 7.4 million without power, utility workers get respect","Fort Lauderdale and New York (Reuters) - When more than 7.4 million homes and businesses are without power after a hurricane, utility workers tend to get noticed a bit more than usual. That s what Gus Beyersdorf, 40, and his colleague Nick Jensen, 32, utility workers from Wisconsin, found out while inspecting power lines in Florida on Monday. The two - among the thousands of power-line workers brought in from out-of-state by major utilities - spent about five minutes outside a house in Fort Lauderdale, when two cars with women who said they lived in the neighborhood stopped to inquire about the return of power to their homes - obviously trying to get their attention.  I think you guys are sexy. Men in hard hats are attractive!  said one of the women, obviously just joking with the Wisconsin men, but also making it clear that she would like it if they would get the power turned back on at her house.  Major utilities in the state - including Florida Power & Light Co, Duke Energy Corp  and Tampa Electric - have mobilized tens of thousands of workers to deal with the enormous power outages, which by Monday evening numbered more than 7.4 million homes and businesses after Hurricane Irma landed as a Category 4 storm early Sunday.  While the numbers in Florida were declining slightly, more outages were being reported in Georgia and other states as Irma, now a tropical storm, moved north. Beyersdorf and Jensen left northern Wisconsin on Friday morning and raced to southern Florida to be in place ahead of Irma s impact. Between 2,000 and 3,000 utility workers from out-of-state are staying at BB&T Stadium in Broward County, which is home to the National Hockey League s Florida Panthers, said Beyersdorf.  Power losses in Georgia, which were nearing 900,000 as of 3 p.m. EDT, were expected to increase as the storm moved north.  In Florida, the state s biggest electric company said its outages dipped to 3.3 million from a peak of 3.6 million earlier on Monday. A total of almost 4.5 million Florida Power & Light customers have been affected by the storm, with about 1 million getting service restored, mostly by automated devices.  We ve never had that many outages, and I don t think any utility in the country ever has,  FPL Chief Executive Eric Silagy said at a news conference on Monday.  It is by far and away the largest in the history of our company.  FPL said it was still assessing the damage and could not yet say when it would restore service to most customers. Some homes and businesses could be without power for weeks, especially in the hardest-hit areas like southwest Florida, the NextEra Energy Inc unit said.  It took a week for Matthew,  Jensen said, referring to a hurricane that last year did not make landfall in Florida but caused power outages.  This one is going to take a lot longer.  As Irma pushed north, outage figures were increasing at other large utilities, including units of Duke Energy, Southern Co and Emera Inc.  Duke s outages held around 1.2 million on Monday evening, while Emera s Tampa Electric utility said outages eased to about 320,000 from a peak earlier on Monday of over 330,000. FPL said its two nuclear plants were safe. Both units at its Turkey Point facility, about 30 miles (48 km) south of Miami, were shut by early Monday. At its St. Lucie nuclear plant about 120 miles (190 km) north of Miami, FPL reduced power at Unit 1 because of salt buildup from Irma in the switchyard, NRC spokesman Roger Hannah said. The plant s other reactor, Unit 2, continued to operate at full power. Irma is expected to sap demand for fuel for a time, Goldman Sachs analysts said in a note on Monday, but they cautioned that supply could remain strained because of refining capacity offline after Hurricane Harvey, which hit Texas two weeks ago. ",1
20363,Factbox: Over 7.4 million lose power from Irma in U.S. Southeast - utilities,"(Reuters) - Over 7.4 million homes and businesses were without power in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Alabama because of Hurricane Irma, according to state officials and utilities on Monday.  Most outages were in Florida Power & Light s service area in the southern and eastern parts of the state. A unit of NextEra Energy Inc and the state s biggest power company, FPL said its outages dipped to around 3.4 million by Monday evening from a peak of 3.6 million earlier in the day. As the storm weakens as it heads toward Georgia, outages have leveled off or even declined at other Florida utilities, while increasing in Georgia, South Carolina and Alabama. Florida outages for Duke Energy Corp, which serves the northern and central parts of the state, increased to almost 1.2 million, according to the company s website. Irma hit southwest Florida on Sunday morning as a dangerous Category 4 storm, the second-highest level on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale. It gradually weakened to a tropical storm by Monday morning.  The storm, which was moving into southern Georgia, was packing maximum sustained winds of 60 miles (97 km) per hour, according to the U.S. National Hurricane Center s latest update at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT). In Georgia, utilities reported about 950,000 customers without power. Other big power utilities in Florida are units of Emera Inc and Southern Co, which also operates the biggest electric companies in Georgia and Alabama. ",1
20364,Guatemala president retains immunity from prosecution in graft probe,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s Congress on Monday voted overwhelmingly to preserve President Jimmy Morales  immunity from prosecution after the attorney general submitted a request to investigate him over suspected financing irregularities during his 2015 election campaign. The vote to protect Morales from possible prosecution was lopsided, with only 25 of the 158 members of Congress voting to strip Morales  of his legal protections. Presidential immunity can only be lifted with the backing of at least two-thirds of the chamber, or 105 members. Backers of Morales argued their vote to stop the probe from advancing favored political stability in the Central American nation.  Democracy isn t built by changing the president every two years,  said Congressman Raul Romero, head of the Fuerza party, referring to the corruption cases that led to the 2015  resignation of Morales  predecessor, Otto Perez Molina. The vote in Congress was a blow to the U.N.-backed International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG), which was pushing to determine the origin of some $800,000 in funds Morales managed as secretary general of the conservative National Convergence Front (FCN) party he led from 2015 to 2016. It was widely believed that those in favor of stripping Morales of his impunity would struggle to win enough support in Congress to green light an eventual prosecution as CICIG is also investigating all the major parties in Guatemala over suspected illegal financing.  Members of Congress are making a pact of corrupt officials now that they are afraid of being investigated themselves for illegal electoral financing,  said Alvaro Montenegro, head of the anti-corruption organization Justicia Ya. Morales, who has denied any wrongdoing, issued a statement late on Monday praising the vote as a sign of the country s unity and  democratic maturity  of its institutions.   I call for an end to the political and ideological confrontations and together we ll continue to build the Guatemala we all desire,  the statement said.  The congressional vote reversed the recommendation of a Guatemalan congressional committee on Sunday that Morales  immunity be revoked. Last month, Guatemala s attorney general and CICIG jointly sought to investigate Morales, a former comedian, over the illegal financing allegation. Two days later, Morales declared the head of the U.N. body  persona non grata.  Under the leadership of Ivan Velasquez, a veteran Colombian prosecutor, CICIG has caused problems for Morales, first investigating his son and brother, and then training its sights on him. The Guatemalan president won office in 2015 running on a platform of honest governance after Perez Molina was forced to resign and imprisoned in a multi-million dollar graft case stemming from a CICIG investigation. ",1
20365,"South Korea says North Korea must stop challenging peace, end nuclear program","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea welcomed on Tuesday a new U.N. Security Council resolution imposing additional sanctions on North Korea over its sixth nuclear test and said the only way for Pyongyang to escape isolation and economic hardship is to end its nuclear program.  North Korea needs to realize that a reckless challenge against international peace will only bring about even stronger international sanctions against it,  the South s presidential Blue House said. ",1
20366,Mexico president leads government response in quake zone,"JUCHITAN, Mexico (Reuters) - Mexico s president on Monday threw himself into areas badly hit by last week s devastating earthquake amid frustration at delays in getting food and water to stricken communities where at least 96 people died and 2.5 million were left in need of aid. Accompanied by several cabinet ministers, President Enrique Pena Nieto took on a busy schedule as he toured the battered southern state of Chiapas, seeking to inspire confidence in the government s relief effort. Pena Nieto s approval ratings have plumbed depths lower than any recent president, and his Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) faces a major struggle to retain power in presidential elections next July. The law bars him from seeking re-election. Speaking in the hard-hit city of Tonala, Pena Nieto urged construction companies to aid rebuilding efforts.  If construction firms commit to showing solidarity by building a few homes ... construction efforts can be carried out quicker,  he said.  Don t let anyone take advantage of you, or take control of your affairs. The government is here.  Mexican cement producer Cemex said on Monday it would donate $1 million worth of aid to reconstruction efforts. The final cost of the quake is likely to be far higher. Among those with Pena Nieto were Interior Minister Miguel Angel Osorio Chong and Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade, both potential PRI candidates for the presidency. The quake killed at least sixteen people in Chiapas and four others in Tabasco. The vast majority of deaths so far reported were the 76 in neighboring Oaxaca state. Many Oaxaca fatalities were in the town of Juchitan, where more than 5,000 homes were destroyed. Tens of thousands of others were damaged in the region. Government officials delivered bags of simple rations including water and canned food on Sunday, but many Juchitan residents complained about the slow pace of assistance.  We don t have food or water, we re desperate,  said Jesus Ramirez, 27, who works in a plastics factory.  We re trying to eat whatever we can find, any kind of food.  Much of Juchitan and its surroundings had no running water, and piles of rubble were still restricting access to streets. Electricity was returning, but residents complained officials were slow to conduct house-by-house damage assessments. Alfredo Jimenez, a 19-year-old engineering student, said he and neighbors banded together to help victims of seven flattened homes in the area, feeling unable to count on the government.   We see government people passing by, the army and the marines, but they haven t offered us anything,  he said. Margarita Lopez, 56, a domestic worker, lined up for assistance in one Juchitan neighborhood where nearly every house was severely damaged.  Almost nothing has arrived from the government, and we don t know what else we can do,  Lopez said. Thursday s 8.1 magnitude quake was the most powerful to hit Mexico in 85 years, surpassing a 1985 temblor that killed thousands in Mexico City and triggered public outcry over the government response. That disaster hurt the PRI s reputation and some analysts believe it contributed to its removal from power in a 2000 vote, ending 71 consecutive years of one-party rule. Under pressure to do more at home, the government on Monday withdrew an offer to help victims of Hurricane Harvey in Texas. Mexico has been coping with heavy rains and the impact from Hurricane Katia on the Gulf state of Veracruz. The quake struck off the coast of Chiapas, and Mexico s national seismological institute said more than 1,000 aftershocks have since been reported. State-run oil company Pemex said on Monday it has not restarted its Salina Cruz refinery due to the aftershocks. ",1
20367,Guatemalan president survives congressional vote on immunity,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s Congress on Monday voted to preserve President Jimmy Morales s immunity from prosecution after the attorney general s office submitted a request to investigate him over suspected financing irregularities during his 2015 election campaign. Attorney general Thelma Aldana and a U.N. anti-graft body said last month they were seeking to investigate Morales over the illegal financing allegation. Two days later, Morales declared the head of the U.N. body  persona non grata.  Under the leadership of Ivan Velasquez, a veteran Colombian prosecutor, the CICIG has caused problems for Morales, first investigating his son and brother, and then seeking to prosecute him over some $800,000 in allegedly unexplained campaign funds. The Guatemalan president won office in 2015 running on a platform of honest governance after his predecessor, Otto Perez Molina, was forced to resign and imprisoned in a multi-million dollar graft case stemming from a CICIG investigation. Morales, a former comedian, has denied any wrongdoing. ",1
20368,Supreme Court justice temporarily preserves Trump refugee ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy on Monday provided a temporary reprieve for President Trump s order blocking most refugees from entering the United States, putting on hold a lower court s ruling loosening the prohibition. Kennedy s action gave the nine justices more time to consider the Justice Department s challenge filed on Monday to the lower court s decision allowing entry to refugees from around the world if they had a formal offer from a resettlement agency. The full Supreme Court could act within days. The Justice Department opted not to appeal another part of last Thursday s ruling by the San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that related to Trump s ban on travelers from six Muslim-majority nations. The 9th Circuit ruling broadened the number of people with exemptions to the ban to include grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins of legal U.S. residents. Without Kennedy s intervention, the appeals court decision would have gone into effect on Tuesday. Kennedy asked refugee ban challengers to file a response to the Trump administration s filing by noon on Tuesday. Under the 9th U.S. Circuit s ruling, up to 24,000 additional refugees would become eligible to enter the United States than otherwise would be allowed, according to the administration. Trump s March 6 order banned travelers from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days and locked out most aspiring refugees for 120 days in a move the Republican president argued was needed to prevent terrorist attacks. The order, which replaced a broader January one that was blocked by federal courts, was one of the most contentious acts of his presidency. Critics called it an unlawful  Muslim ban  that made good on Trump s promise as a candidate of  a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.  The broader question of whether the travel ban discriminates against Muslims in violation of the U.S. Constitution, as lower courts previously ruled, will be argued before the Supreme Court on Oct. 10. The Supreme Court in June partially revived the order after its provisions were blocked by lower courts. But the justices said a ban could be applied only to those without a  bona fide  relationship to people or entities in the United States. New litigation was brought by Hawaii over the meaning of that phrase, including whether written assurances by resettlement agencies obligating them to provide services for specific refugees would count. Hawaii and other Democratic-led states, the American Civil Liberties Union and refugee groups filed legal challenges after Trump signed his order in March.  The Trump administration has ended its odd and ill-advised quest to ban grandmas from the country,  Hawaii Attorney General Douglas Chin said on Monday.  With respect to the admission to the United States of refugees with formal assurances and the Supreme Court s temporary stay order, each day matters,  Chin added, promising to respond soon to the administration s filing. In court papers filed earlier on Monday, the Justice Department said the 9th Circuit refugees decision  will disrupt the status quo and frustrate orderly implementation of the order s refugee provisions.  Omar Jadwat, an ACLU lawyer, contrasted Trump s efforts to keep alive his travel ban with the Republican president s decision last week to rescind a program that protected from deportation people brought to the United States illegally as children, dubbed  Dreamers.   The extraordinary efforts the administration is taking in pursuit of the Muslim ban stand in stark contrast to its unwillingness to take a single step to protect 800,000 Dreamers,  Jadwat said. ",1
20369,"Sweden, Britain seek U.N. meeting on situation in Myanmar","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Sweden and Britain on Monday requested a closed-door United Nations Security Council meeting on the  deteriorating situation  in Myanmar s Rakhine state, home to the majority-Buddhist nation s Rohingya Muslims, diplomats said.  The meeting would likely be held on Wednesday, diplomats said.   I think it will be a private meeting but with a public outcome of some form,  British U.N. Ambassador Matthew Rycroft told reporters on Monday.   It s a sign of the significant worry that Security Council members have that the situation is continuing to deteriorate for many Rohingya who are seeking to flee Rakhine state in Burma and move into Bangladesh,  Rycroft said.  The United Nations  top human rights official slammed Myanmar earlier on Monday for conducting a  cruel military operation  against Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine state, branding it  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.   The Security Council discussed the situation behind closed doors on Aug. 30. In a rare letter to the council earlier this month, Secretary-General Antonio Guterres expressed concern the violence could spiral into a  humanitarian catastrophe.  Rights groups informally briefed Security Council diplomats on the Myanmar violence on Friday. Russia and China did not send any diplomats, according to people at the meeting. Myanmar has said it is was counting on China and Russia to protect it from any Security Council censure. ",1
20370,UK government confident of winning vote on Brexit legislation: spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May s government is confident of winning a vote on a major piece of Brexit legislation, due in parliament later on Monday or early Tuesday, May s spokesman said. Parliament is due to hold a late-night vote on whether to let the central plank of Britain s Brexit plan - the EU withdrawal bill - move to the next stage of the lawmaking process.  Asked whether the government was confident of the outcome, he said:  Yes. We ve said this is a hugely important bill in terms of preparing the way for a smooth Brexit for business and the rest of the country, and we encourage all MPs (Members of Parliament) to support it.    ",1
20371,"Hurricane Irma kills 10 in Cuba, Castro calls for unity","HAVANA (Reuters) - President Raul Castro called on Cubans on Monday to unite in swiftly rebuilding the Caribbean nation in the wake of Hurricane Irma, which killed at least 10 people during a devastating three-day rampage along the length of the island. The storm crashed into Cuba late on Friday, with sustained winds of than 157 miles per hour (253 km per hour). It tore along the island s northern shore for some 200 miles (322 km) - lashing tourist resorts on the island s pristine keys - before turning northward to batter Florida. In Havana, people set about removing debris from the streets on Monday and mopping up homes hit by widespread flooding. The hurricane - the first Category 5 storm to make landfall in Cuba since 1932 - tore off roofs, felled trees and downed electricity poles, leaving millions without power and water. State media said on Monday Irma had seriously damaged Cuba s already dilapidated sugar industry, flooding and flattening an extensive area of sugar cane.  Given the immensity of its size, practically no region escaped its impact,  Castro said in a statement published in state-run media, urging Cubans to unite to rebuild the country.  The task we have before us is immense but, with a people like ours, we will win the most important battle: the recovery.  Castro, 86, who has said he will step aside early next year, said authorities had not been able to assess the full extent of damage yet, but the hurricane had impacted housing stock and the power grid, as well as agriculture. The fatalities in Cuba brought the death toll from Irma to 39 in the Caribbean. The hurricane dealt a potentially heavy blow to Cuba s agriculture- and tourism-reliant economy at a difficult moment, with an economic reform program appearing stalled and aid from key ally Venezuela shrinking. Seven of the Cuban dead were in the province of Havana, which only caught the outer reaches of the hurricane but still saw waves of up to 36 feet (12 meters) pummel its historic seafront boulevard on Sunday. The two youngest victims, Mar a del Carmen Arregoit a and  Yolendis Castillo, both 27, died when a balcony crashed down onto their bus in central Havana, infamous for its creaking infrastructure. The oldest, Nieves Mart nez, 89, was found floating in water in front of her home in the Vedado district of Havana in the wake of heavy flooding in the capital, according to a statement from civil defense authorities. Large parts of Havana remained underwater on Monday.  We have absolutely nothing, we lost it all, the fridge, the washing machine, we lost it all here,  said Ayda Herrera, whose home on Havana s seafront boulevard was flooded. Fatalities also were reported in Matanzas, home to the tourist resort of Varadero, and the regions of Ciego de Avila and Camaguey farther east. While many of Cuba s top resorts on the northern islands took a direct hit from the hurricane, Castro said they would be fixed up in time for high tourist season at the end of the year. Many tourists flew home ahead of Irma, but others hunkered down in hotels and shelters.  Tropical paradise turned into hell for us,  said Spanish tourist Michel Munoz, 31, who said he spent the hurricane sheltering in a Havana convent and had struggled to find food on Sunday as most restaurants were closed. Excavators have started the laborious task of removing debris and fallen trees from roads throughout the island and trucks carried drinkable water to the worst-affected areas.  We are working twice as hard as usual to ensure as much bread as possible to the population,  said Alain Alfonso, a worker at a bakery in Central Havana. ",1
20372,Russia sends 175 de-miners to Syria's Deir al-Zor: Interfax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is to send 175 de-mining engineers to defuse mines in Syria s Deir al-Zor, Interfax news agency quoted Russia s Defence Ministry as saying on Monday. The first detachment of 40 de-miners has already been deployed to Russia s Hmeimim air base in Syria, the ministry said. Syrian government forces and U.S.-backed militias converged on Islamic State in separate offensives against the militants in the eastern Syrian province of Deir al-Zor on Sunday. ",1
20373,Japan PM says it's important to change North Korea's policy through stronger pressure,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Tuesday that it is important to change North Korea s policy by imposing a higher level of pressure on the country than ever before. Abe told reporters that Japan wants to exercise leadership to bring about change in Pyongyang s policies through close cooperation with the international community. The United Nations Security Council unanimously stepped up sanctions against North Korea on Monday over the country s sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3, imposing a ban on the country s textile exports and capping imports of crude oil. ",1
20374,"U.S. calls on Myanmar to stop violence, displacement of Rohingya","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Monday the violent displacement of Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar showed the country s security forces were not protecting civilians.  We call on Burmese security authorities to respect the rule of law, stop the violence, and end the displacement of civilians from all communities,  the White House said in a statement. ",1
20375,UK lawmakers back EU withdrawal bill at second reading,"LONDON (Reuters) - British lawmakers on Tuesday voted in favor of legislation to sever political, financial and legal ties with the European Union at its second reading, allowing the bill to move to the next stage of the parliamentary process. The opposition Labour Party, which said several clauses in the legislation amount to a  power grab  by government, opposed the bill but would have needed to convince EU supporters in the governing Conservatives to side with them to vote it down. After more than eight hours of debate on Monday, lawmakers voted by 326 to 290 in favor of the EU withdrawal bill, which will now go on to face days of line-by-line scrutiny. ",1
20376,UK lawmakers back government's proposed timetable for debate of EU withdrawal bill,"LONDON (Reuters) - British lawmakers on Tuesday voted in favor of the government s proposed timetable for debating legislation designed to sever political, financial and legal ties with the European Union. Many had complained that the eight days set out by the government for line-by-line scrutiny of the EU withdrawal bill was not long enough for such an important piece of legislation. But lawmakers voted by 318 to 301 to support the so-called program motion, which sets out the timetable for the remaining stages of the bill s progress through parliament s lower House of Commons. ",1
20377,Tunisia parliament backs Chahed's new government,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Tunisia s parliament gave Prime Minister Youssef Chahed s new government a vote of confidence on Monday after the premier detailed plans to halve the budget deficit and trim the public wage bill in the next three years as part of a reform package. Chahed last week named a new cabinet after weeks of wrangling between the ruling Nidaa Tounes party and rival Islamist party Ennahda over posts that had delayed progress on a reform program backed by the International Monetary Fund. Lawmakers voted late on Monday to approve the new cabinet, giving Chahed support to push on with austerity measures.  We hope this will be the government that gives Tunisians back some hope,  parliament assembly President Mohamed Naceur said after the vote. Tunisia has been praised for its democratic progress after the 2011 uprising against autocrat Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali, but successive governments have failed to advance in economic reforms to trim deficits and create jobs and growth. Chahed earlier said his government needed consensus backing to push ahead with reforms by 2020 that he hopes will revive Tunisia s economy, which has been hit by unrest after the 2011 revolt and by militant attacks on the tourism industry.  We are preparing an economic plan to relaunch and salvage the Tunisian economy,  he told parliament five days after naming a cabinet that includes a new minister in charge of economic reforms.  This is needed to balance our finances.  Chahed said the government aimed to reduce the deficit to 3 percent of gross domestic product by 2020 from 6 percent expected this year. He said growth was expected to hit 5 percent that year; in the first half of this year, the economy expanded by 1.9 percent. Backed by the International Monetary Fund, the North African country is looking to reduce subsidies, overhaul its pension system and shrink its large public sector. But worries over social unrest have kept authorities from advancing with reforms. Chahed said the government planned to reduce the public wage bill to around 12.5 percent of GDP from the current 14 percent - one of the highest ratios in the world. In an effort to boost foreign currency reserves, he said the government would also loosen currency controls to allow Tunisians to hold foreign currency accounts locally and introduce an amnesty for illicit foreign currency trade. ",1
20378,Peru says expelling North Korean ambassador over nuclear program,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru said on Monday that it was expelling North Korea s ambassador over the country s refusal to heed the world s  constant calls  to end its nuclear program. The ambassador, Kim Hak-Chol, has five days to leave Peru, the foreign affairs ministry said in a statement. Earlier this month North Korea launched its biggest nuclear bomb test, prompting global condemnation as U.S. President Donald Trump said  appeasement  would not work. Peru stressed that it was committed to a peaceful solution to the dispute and  strict compliance  with resolutions passed by the United Nations Security Council. The UN Security Council is set to vote on Monday to impose new sanctions on North Korea after the United States watered down the text of a resolution to appease China and Russia. Peru said it would  carry out all diplomatic efforts aimed at denuclearizing the North Korean peninsula.  Peru s announcement follows a similar move by Mexico last week and U.S. Vice President Mike Pence s public call last month for Latin American nations to isolate Pyongyang. North Korea s embassy in Lima declined comment. ",1
20379,Caribbean residents fend off looters after Irma; Branson urges 'Marshall Plan',"SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Food shortages and looting on Caribbean islands hammered by Hurricane Irma sparked growing criticism of the government response, prompting British billionaire Richard Branson to call for a  Marshall plan  to help the region recover. Irma ripped through the tiny easterly Leeward Islands last week as one of the Atlantic s strongest ever storms, killing two dozen people, uprooting trees, tearing down power cables and severely damaging the homes of poor locals and the global jet-set alike. Across the whole of the Caribbean, Irma killed nearly 40 people and devastated basic services, tearing cracks in law and order. Looting erupted on some Caribbean islands where residents and tourists were stranded with little food, shelter or drinking water. Jenn Manes, who writes a blog on U.S. Virgin Island St. John, detailed a list of robberies and break-ins on the island after Irma struck, saying she had to install a bar on the inside of her door to keep out would-be burglars.   This is not St. John anymore. I m not sure what it is. What I do know is that I am scared. My friends are scared. And we don t know what to do,  she wrote. Despite sending reinforcements and ships to deliver help, France, Britain and the Netherlands have been criticized for not doing enough for the islands that they oversee. Britain s Defence Minister Michael Fallon at the weekend said his government s effort was  as good as anybody else s.  The Dutch government on Sunday described the situation as  fragile  on its half of the island of St. Martin, where an undisclosed number of arrests of looters were made after Irma damaged or destroyed 70 percent of the local housing stock. Alex Martinez, a 31-year-old American trapped on the Dutch part of St. Martin by Irma, said looters tried to raid his near-deserted hotel before he and others chased them off.  We had to fend for ourselves,  he told Reuters. Struggling to get answers about loved-ones, many people resorted to sharing information and making pleas on a Facebook page set up to help people on St. Martin. Dutch King Willem-Alexander and Interior Minister Ronald Plasterk on Monday visited St. Martin, reviewing the damage done to the battered island with local leaders. French President Emmanuel Macron was expected in the Caribbean on Tuesday. Following the passage of Hurricane Luis in 1995, which killed at least 15 people in the Caribbean and damaged 60 percent of housing on St. Martin, the U.S. National Hurricane Center estimated the cost to St. Martin alone at $1.8 billion. Businessman Branson, who has lived in the British Virgin Islands for the past 11 years, said in a blog post on www.virgin.com that the region needed a  Disaster Recovery Marshall Plan  to rebuild and revitalize its economy - a reference to the multibillion-dollar U.S. program that helped rebuild Western Europe after the devastation of World War Two.   We must get more help to the islands to rebuild homes and infrastructure and restore power, clean water and food supplies,  said Branson, head of the Virgin Group conglomerate. He said he was writing from Puerto Rico, where he was mobilizing aid efforts, and that he would be returning to the Virgin Islands soon for recovery work. Branson said the British government had a  massive role to play  in rebuilding its territories, including the British Virgin Islands, an offshore financial center. The premier of the British Virgin Islands, Orlando Smith, also appealed for urgent aid from Britain, saying the situation was critical and calling for a comprehensive package. The plan should include the possibility of more extreme weather  as the effects of climate change continue to grow,  he said. Still, on Monday, blogger Manes on U.S. Virgin Island St. John reported the situation was improving, saying police were patrolling the streets and that a Navy ship had arrived to help. ",1
20380,"Belgian mayor's throat slashed in cemetery, shocking country","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The murder of a Belgian city mayor whose throat was cut in a cemetery on Monday has shocked the country, and the country s prime minister expressed  horror  at the death of the retired national lawmaker. Citing the public prosecutor, Belgian media said Alfred Gadenne, 71, the conservative mayor of Mouscron, an industrial town of 57,000 just across the border from the northern French city of Lille, was found dead in a graveyard close to his home where he acted as caretaker and locked the gates each night. Local news service SudInfo, citing unnamed sources, said a suspect had handed himself in to police and that the motive was unclear. The case was handed to a local prosecutor rather than to national counter-terrorism investigators.  I have learned with horror of the brutal death of Alfred Gadenne,  Prime Minister Charles Michel, a liberal, said on Twitter.  All my thoughts are with his family and friends.  Among the many others offering condolences was Martine Aubry, the former French Socialist party leader and long-time mayor of metropolitan Lille.  Philippe Courard, president of the parliament for Belgium s French-speaking south, tweeted:  Terrifying. What kind of world are we living in?  ",1
20381,Delta to cancel about 800 flights due to Irma,"(Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc said it would cancel about 800 flights on Monday as it braces for Tropical Storm Irma at its Atlanta hub. ""Hurricane Irma is expected to bring to the Atlanta hub strong crosswinds that exceed operating limits on select mainline and regional aircraft,"" Delta said on Monday. (bit.ly/2gXW5Cu) The No. 2 U.S. airline by passenger traffic, whose business is heavily dependent on operations at the Atlanta airport, said it was planning to resume service to airports in Florida. Irma, ranked as one of the most powerful hurricanes recorded in the Atlantic, hit a wide swath of Florida over the past day. It is now a tropical storm with sustained winds of up to 70 miles per hour (110 km per hour). Bigger rival American Airlines Group Inc said on Sunday it would not resume commercial flights at its Miami International Airport hub on Monday, but may operate flights to bring in staff and supplies. ",1
20382,Factbox: Norway's close-fought election for parliament,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norwegians vote on Sept. 10 and 11 to pick a parliament for the next four years and determine whether the center-right minority government stays in power or is replaced by parties on the center-left. Opinion polls show the election remains too close to call. Exit polls and forecasts based on early votes will be made public on Monday at 1900 GMT, and most ballots will be counted within three to four hours. In the case of an exceptionally tight race however, the final result may not emerge until late on Tuesday. Below is a summary of key policy differences and the dynamics of the race: All 169 seats in parliament are up for grabs, and as many as nine parties are expected to win seats under Norway s system of proportional representation. However, there are only two candidates for the job of prime minister - the incumbent Erna Solberg of the Conservatives and Labour s Jonas Gahr Stoere. A calculation by www.pollofpolls.no, measuring the average of September opinion polls, gave Solberg s four-party block 85 seats, just enough for a majority, while the four on the center-left, plus the independent Green Party, would win 84 seats. But whether it s the center-left or center-right that hits the crucial 85 seats, the winner faces tricky post-election negotiations and will meet tough demands from small parties to keep their support over the next four years. The race could be decided by how many of the small parties clear the key four-percent hurdle that gives access to a pool of so-called  seats at large , boosting their presence in parliament. Two parties on the right, two on the left and one in the center, the Greens, are all close to this key threshold. Solberg seeks further cuts in personal income tax and a reduction of the wealth tax, but has declined to say by how much. She requires backing from the centrist Liberals and Christian Democrats, which would temper the size of any cuts. Labour has vowed to raise taxes for above-average earners and the wealthy by up to $2 billion to improve public services and reduce the reliance on cash from Norway s sovereign wealth fund. Citing concerns over climate change and potential pollution, several small parties seek to limit the expansion of Norway s oil and gas industry, which brings in almost half the country s export revenues. The independent Greens, which could hold the balance of power in post-election maneuvers, have made it a condition for anyone seeking their support to end all exploration   a demand that neither Labour nor the Conservatives are willing to meet. Meanwhile, the Liberal Party hopes to slow down the awards of new exploration acreage to oil firms if the Conservatives stay in power, while on the left the Reds and the Socialist Left will make similar demands of a Labour-led government. The seas surrounding the arctic Lofoten archipelago could thus remain off-limits to the oil industry, while the extent of drilling in the far-north Barents Sea may emerge as a flash-point in post-election negotiations. With nearly $1 trillion saved up from Norway s extensive oil and gas industry, the next parliament faces key questions over how to organize the fund and whether to allow investments beyond the foreign stocks, bonds and real estate it currently holds. Decisions are mostly made in consensus between the bigger parties, however, and neither Labour nor the Conservatives have said whether they agree with a recent report that suggested it should no longer be managed by the central bank. If Labour s Gahr Stoere emerges as the likely next prime minister, he will face pressure from center-left parties to review EU-outsider Norway s extensive inclusion in the European Union s single market. At stake is Norway s participation in the European Economic Area (EEA) treaty, strongly favored by both Labour and the Conservatives but opposed by the euro-skeptic Centre Party (CP) and the Socialist Left (SL). However, both the CP and the SL, in government with Labour from 2005 to 2013, agreed at the time to govern on the basis of the EEA. An interactive Reuters graphic of polling data can be found at tmsnrt.rs/2wYkVIO ",1
20383,UK police charge serving soldiers over suspected far-right terrorism,"LONDON (Reuters) - Three men, including two serving soldiers, were charged by British police on Monday with terrorism offences, including belonging to a banned far-right group. The men were among five arrested on Sept. 5 as part of a pre-planned, intelligence-led operation. The other two were released without charge on Sunday. West Midlands Police said 22-year-old Alexander Deakin, 32-year-old Mikko Vehvilainen and 24-year-old Mark Barrett had all been charged with being members of neo-Nazi organization the National Action group. Barrett and Vehvilainen both gave their addresses as British army bases. All three will appear before Westminster Magistrates Court on Tuesday. National Action became the first far-right group to be outlawed in Britain last year after the murder of member of parliament Jo Cox, whose killing the group had praised. Police said Deakin had also been charged possessing documents useful in committing or preparing an act of terrorism, distributing a terrorist publication and inciting racial hatred.  Vehvilainen was also charged with possessing documents useful in committing or preparing an act of terrorism, as well as publishing threatening or abusive material and possessing a weapon. ",1
20384,Saudi clerics detained in apparent bid to silence dissent,"(Reuters) - Several prominent Saudi clerics have been detained in an apparent crackdown on potential opponents of the conservative kingdom s absolute rulers amid widespread speculation that King Salman intends to abdicate in favor of his son. Saudi sources told Reuters that Salman al-Awdah, Awad al-Qarni and Ali al-Omary were detained over the weekend. Officials could not be reached or declined to comment. All three are outside the state-backed clerical establishment but have large online followings. They have previously criticised the government but more recently kept silent or failed to publicly back Saudi policies, including the rift with Qatar over supporting the Muslim Brotherhood. Awdah was imprisoned from 1994-99 for agitating for political change and leadership of the Brotherhood-inspired Sahwa (Awakening) movement. He later called for democracy and tolerance during the  Arab Spring  uprisings of 2011. Saudi officials have dismissed reports that the king may soon pass the throne to Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who already dominates economic, diplomatic and domestic policy. But the al-Saud family has always regarded Islamist groups as the biggest internal threat to its rule over a country in which appeals to religious sentiment cannot be lightly dismissed and an al Qaeda campaign a decade ago killed hundreds. In the 1990s, the Sahwa demanded political reforms that would have weakened the ruling family.  Mohammed bin Salman is very likely to be the next king but any dissenting voices that could challenge this succession could also be considered destabilizing from the regime perspective,  said Jean-Marc Rickli, head of global risk at the Geneva Centre for Security Policy.  You put that in the context of the Qatar rift and it is very difficult right now in the Gulf to have an opinion that is not considered biased or adversarial because the situation is so polarized on all sides.  Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt cut diplomatic and transport links with Qatar in June over its alleged support for Islamist militants, a charge Doha denies. In the past two years, Crown Prince Mohammed has launched radical reforms to foster economic diversity and cultural openness, testing the kingdom s traditions of incremental change and rule by consensus. Resistance has not been met kindly, with the authorities increasingly silencing independent actors, said Stephane Lacroix, a scholar of Islam in Saudi Arabia.  It s a much broader attempt to crush Islamists regardless of whether they act in opposition or not,  he said.  This (the arrests) would be [Prince Mohammed] and the regime trying to impose a much stricter political order.  The crackdown is not limited to Islamists. Civil liberties monitors say freedom of expression is increasingly constrained in Gulf Arab states including Saudi Arabia.  There is a general climate of being hypersensitive and almost paranoid,  said Madawi al-Rasheed, visiting professor at the Middle East Centre, London School of Economics.  There is no room for any kind of dissent at the moment.  The government toughened its stance following the Arab Spring after it averted unrest by increasing salaries and other state spending but the Brotherhood gained power elsewhere in the region. The group represents an ideological threat to Riyadh s dynastic system of rule, and its use of oaths of allegiance and secret meetings are anathema to the Saudis. It was listed by Riyadh as a terrorist organization in 2014 and diplomats and analysts say there is little prospect that would change. Taking power in January 2015, King Salman initially appeared willing to allow the Brotherhood a role outside politics, for example by not stopping affiliated preachers such as Awdah from speaking publicly on religious or social issues. That appears to have changed in recent months, as a shift in the official discourse targeted Islamists and arrests increased, said Lacroix.  What happened a couple of days ago is an acceleration of the process,  he said, although it is unclear what specifically prompted the detentions. Awdah tweeted on Friday welcoming a report that suggested the row between Qatar and other Arab countries may be resolved.  May God harmonize their hearts for the good of their people,  he wrote after a telephone call between Crown Prince Mohammed and Qatar s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani. Awdah comes from Buraidah, heartland of the kingdom s ultra-conservative Wahhabi school of Islam. Criticism of the ruling family in the 1990s earned him praise from Osama bin Laden, whom he eventually denounced. His Sahwa movement was later undermined by a mixture of repression and co-optation.  Some clerics, however, maintained large followings through YouTube sermons. Awdah has 14 million Twitter followers. He supported resistance to U.S. forces in Iraq as  jihad , or holy war, but then emerged as an ally in the government s campaign against violent jihadists. In 2011, Awdah called for elections and separation of powers, principles antithetical to strict Islamist ideology. He has since been largely quiet on issues of domestic reform. Qarni, who was detained at home in Abha in Saudi Arabia s south, had also expressed support for reconciliation with Qatar, hopes for which were quickly dashed when Saudi Arabia ended any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of  distorting facts .  It seems today in Saudi Arabia that not supporting openly and enthusiastically what is happening against Qatar basically makes you an agent of Qatar,  said Lacroix.  People who don t take a stance stand in the middle, and there s no middle ground for the Saudis now.  ",1
20385,"Exclusive: Iraq holding 1,400 foreign wives, children of suspected Islamic State fighters","SOUTH OF MOSUL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi authorities are holding 1,400 foreign wives and children of suspected Islamic State fighters after government forces expelled the jihadist group from one of its last remaining strongholds in Iraq, security and aid officials said. Most came from Turkey. Many others were from former Soviet states, such as Tajikistan, Azerbaijan and Russia, Iraqi army and intelligence officers said. Other Asians and a  very few  French and Germans were also among them. The wives and children are being held at an Iraqi camp south of Mosul. Most had arrived since Aug. 30, when Iraqi troops drove Islamic State out of Mosul. One intelligence officer said that they were still in  verifying their nationalities with their home countries, since many of the women no longer had their original documents. It is the largest group of foreigners linked to Islamic State to be held by Iraqi forces since they began driving the militants from Mosul and other areas in northern Iraq last year, an aid official said. Thousands of foreigners have been fighting for Islamic State, or Daesh, in Iraq and Syria.  We are holding the Daesh families under tight security measures and waiting for government orders on how to deal with them,  said Army Colonel Ahmed al-Taie from Mosul s Nineveh operation command.  We treat them well. They are families of tough criminals who killed innocents in cold blood, but when we interrogated them we discovered that almost all of them were mislead by a vicious Daesh propaganda,  he said. Reuters reporters saw hundreds of the women and children sitting on mattresses crawling with bugs in tents without air-conditioning in what aid workers called a  militarized site . Turkish, French and Russian were among the languages spoken.   I want to go back (to France) but don t know how,  said a French-speaking veiled woman of Chechen origin who said she had lived in Paris before. She said she did not know what had happened to her husband, who had brought her to Iraq when he joined Islamic State. A security officer said the women and children had mostly surrendered to the Kurdish peshmerga near the northern city of Tal Afar, along with their husbands. The Kurds handed the women and children over to Iraqi forces but kept the men - all presumed to be fighters - in their custody.  Many of the families had fled to Tal Afar after Iraqi troops pushed Islamic State out of Mosul. Iraqi forces retook Tal Afar, a city of predominantly ethnic Turkmen that produced some of Islamic State s senior commanders, last month. Most of its pre-war population of 200,000 have fled. An interior ministry official said Iraq wanted to negotiate with embassies the return of the women and children.  We can t keep this number in our custody for a long time,  he said. Officials had counted so far at least 13 nationalities, said Army Lieutenant Colonel Salah Kareem.  Aid workers and the authorities are worried about tensions between Iraqis, who lost their homes and are also living in the camp, and the new arrivals.  Many Iraqis want revenge for the harsh treatment they received under the extremists  interpretation of Sunni Islam, which they imposed in Mosul and the other areas they seized in 2014.  The families are being kept to one side (of the camp) for their own safety,  an Iraqi military intelligence officer said. The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC), which is supporting the 541 women and their children, said Iraq  must swiftly move to clarify its future plans for these individuals .  Like all those fleeing conflict, it is imperative that these individuals are able to access protection, assistance, and information,  NRC said in a statement.  They are in de-facto detention.  Western officials are worried about radicalized fighters and their relatives coming home after the collapse of Islamic State s  caliphate . French officials have indicated a preference for citizens found to be affiliated with IS to be prosecuted in Iraq.  The general philosophy is that adults should go on trial in Iraq,  a French diplomatic source told Reuters last month, of those found to have been fighters.  We think children would benefit from judicial and social services in France.  The women in the camp were cooking noodles or lying on mattresses with their babies in the hot tents. Many were still wearing the black abayas and face veils, which were mandatory in areas the militants controlled.  My mother doesn t even know where I am,  said a 27-year-old French woman of Algerian descent. She said she had been tricked by her husband into coming with him through Turkey into Syria and then Iraq when he joined Islamic State last year.  I had just given birth to this little girl three months before,  she said holding the infant and asking not to be named.  He said  let s go for a week s holiday in Turkey.  He had already bought the plane tickets and the hotel.  After four months in Mosul, she ran away from her husband to Tal Afar in February. She was hoping to make it back to France but he found her and would not let her leave.  She tearfully recounted how her five-year-old son was killed in June by a rocket while playing in the streets.  I don t understand why he did this to us,  she said of her husband, who she said was killed fighting in Mosul.  Dead or alive - I couldn t care less about him.  She and a few other families had walked for days to surrender at a Kurdish peshmerga checkpoint beyond al-Ayadiyah, a town near Tal Afar where the militants made their last stand.  We were getting bombed, shelled and shot at,  she said. Kurdish officials said dozens of fighters surrendered after the fall of Tal Afar but gave no details. One Tal Afar resident said he had seen between 70 and 80 fighters fleeing the town in the final days of the battle. ",1
20386,Russia sanctions should be phased out if Ukraine ceasefire holds:  Germany's Gabriel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - European sanctions imposed on Russia over its role in the Ukraine crisis should be phased out gradually if an internationally agreed ceasefire deal was implemented, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Monday. The conflict between Ukrainian forces and Russian-backed separatists has claimed more than 10,000 lives since it erupted in 2014.  Germany and France have tried to convince both sides to implement a peace deal agreed in Minsk in 2015 but with little success.  The official agreement is: Only if there is 100 percent peace, then we ll lift 100 percent of the sanctions,  Gabriel said during a panel discussion organized by German business daily Handelsblatt in Berlin.  Gabriel said, from his point of view, this was a  totally unrealistic  position.  We introduced the sanctions gradually and we ll lift them gradually - this is actually a commonly known fact,  Gabriel said.  He said that if there was a lasting ceasefire in eastern Ukraine, then the United States probably would also be willing to take similar steps. Gabriel is a senior member of Germany s Social Democrats (SPD), junior partners in Chancellor Angela Merkel s ruling coalition and historic advocates of dialogue with Russia. Germany is heading toward a Sept. 24 federal election. Merkel has insisted that European sanctions against Russia could only be lifted if the Minsk peace deal was fully implemented - not only the ceasefire agreement which is one part of the broader Minsk peace plan. Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron last month called for Russia and Ukraine to increase their efforts to implement the fragile ceasefire.  Kiev accuses Moscow of sending troops and heavy weapons to the region, which Russia denies. ",1
20387,White House adviser says return to Florida Keys may take weeks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert said on Monday that it may take weeks before many residents are able to return to the Florida Keys, following possible damage to bridges caused by Hurricane Irma.  The Keys are going to take a while,  Bossert told a regular White House briefing, adding:  I would expect that the Keys are not fit for re-entry for regular citizenry for weeks.  ",1
20388,Pope says humanity will 'go down' if it does not address climate change,"ABOARD THE PAPAL PLANE (Reuters) - Pope Francis said the recent spate of hurricanes should prompt people to understand that humanity will  go down  if it does not address climate change and history will judge those who deny the science on its causes.  If we don t turn back, we will go down,  Francis told reporters on Sunday on the plane returning from Colombia. Francis strongly backed the 2015 Paris agreement on reducing global warming, from which the United States withdrew this year. Francis spoke as hurricane Irma pounded central Florida as it carved through the state with high winds, storm surges and torrential rains that left millions without power, ripped roofs off homes and flooded city streets. Francis was asked about recent hurricanes, including Irma and Harvey, and if political leaders who do not want to work with other countries to stem global warming should be held morally responsible for future effects on the planet.  You can see the effects of climate change and scientists have clearly said what path we have to follow,  he said, referring to a consensus by scientists that global warming is caused by human activity such as fossil fuels.  All of us have a responsibility, all of us, small or large, a moral responsibility. We have to take it seriously. We can t joke about it,  he said.  Each person has their own. Even politicians have their own.  Ahead of the Paris summit in 2015, Francis wrote a major encyclical, or papal letter, on the care of the environment which backed the gradual elimination of fossil fuels to stem global warming. The accord, agreed on by nearly 200 countries, aims to cut emissions blamed for global warming. The United States committed to reducing its own by 26 to 28 percent, compared with 2005 levels, by 2025. Many world leaders criticized Trump for pulling out.  If someone is doubtful that this is true, they should ask scientists. They are very clear. These are not opinions made on the fly.  They are very clear. Then each person can decide and history will judge the decisions,  he said. U.S. President Donald Trump withdrew from the Paris agreement shortly after visiting the Vatican in May. The Vatican had urged him to stay in the accord. A Vatican official said at the time that the U.S. move was a  slap in the face  for the pope and the Vatican. ",1
20389,Norway's right-wing government projected to win re-election,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norway s tax-cutting Prime Minister Erna Solberg is on track to keep power after an election on Monday, closely defeating a Labour-led opposition in a campaign over how to manage the oil-dependent economy, official projections showed. The ruling coalition of the Conservatives and Progress Party, and two smaller center-right allies, would win 88 seats in the 169-seat parliament, Norway s Directorate of Elections projected based on a count of early votes. A separate TV2 forecast gave the government and its allies a wider majority of 91 seats. ",1
20390,Around one million rally for Catalan independence from Spain,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Around one million Catalans rallied in Barcelona on Monday, waving red and yellow striped flags and banging drums, in a show of support for independence after Madrid moved to block a referendum on the region s split from Spain. Sept. 11 marks the  Diada , Catalonia s national day, which commemorates the fall of Barcelona to Spain in 1714 and is traditionally used by pro-independence activists to call for secession for the northeastern region with a distinct language. However, this year s event had particular significance as a show of strength for the independence movement just three weeks ahead of a referendum on the issue which Madrid has declared illegal and taken steps to obstruct in the courts.  Demonstrators climbed on each others  shoulders to form human towers, a Catalan tradition, while others carried banners reading  We re going to be a free country!  and  Full of hope  while wearing fluorescent yellow t-shirts with the word  yes .  City police said on Twitter that around one million people took part, one of the highest turn-outs in recent years. Protesters said they hoped the vote would go ahead as planned on Oct. 1.  We hope that we will be able to hold the referendum with total normality, because in a democracy it is normal to be able to vote,  said German Freixas, a 42-year-old engineer accompanying his family to the rally.  If the people want it to happen, it will go ahead.  The Constitutional Court last Thursday suspended the referendum after a legal challenge by Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. Police have since searched newspaper offices and printers for signs of any preparation for the referendum. The head of Catalonia s regional government, Carles Puigdemont, told journalists on Monday:  It s not an option that the referendum won t go ahead. It s 20 days away and we ve already overcome many hurdles.  Puigdemont is facing criminal charges of misuse of public money, disobedience and abuse of office for organizing the referendum. He is prepared to go to prison, he has said. A majority of Catalonia s mayors have so far said they will allow the use of municipal facilities for the vote. The mayor of Barcelona, Ada Colau, said on Monday she would do everything possible to allow people to vote but would not put civil servants  jobs at risk. Polls have shown support for independence waning in recent years with those wanting a separate state in a minority. However, a majority of Catalans want to vote on the issue. At a peaceful march in August, convened as a show of unity in the wake of Islamist attacks that killed 16, mostly in Barcelona, the king and Rajoy were booed and jeered by the crowds in a show of resentment toward Madrid.  Protesters on Monday held a minute of silence for the victims of the attacks. ",1
20391,EPA exercises enforcement discretion for all Florida power plants,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Environmental Protection Agency said on Monday it will exercise its enforcement discretion for all power plants in Florida, allowing them to operate without meeting all pollution controls to maintain electricity supplies across the state as a result of Hurricane Irma. It said in a statement the no-action assurance will end on Sept. 26. ",1
20392,"In volatile Kenya, MP and former senator detained over hate speech allegations","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police detained a ruling party lawmaker and a former opposition senator on Monday for alleged hate speech, as political tensions simmered following the Supreme Court s decision to annul the presidential election.  Both the candidates in that ballot, incumbent president Uhuru Kenyatta and veteran opposition leader Raila Odinga, also ratcheted up the temperature in public speeches on Monday and the opposition said it would boycott the opening of parliament.  Politics in Kenya often follows ethnic lines and has in the past erupted into deadly violence, making the authorities sensitive to perceived inflammatory statements.  Reported instances of hate speech have risen sharply since the surprise ruling on Sept. 1, the first of its kind in Africa, when the supreme court voided Kenyatta s reelection citing irregularities in the tallying process.   Moses Kuria, a member of parliament and Johnson Muthama, a former senator, have been arrested on hate speech allegations,   interior ministry spokesman Mwenda Njoka told Reuters by phone. Njoka did not give further details, and police did not respond to queries.  Last week, Kuria gave a public speech calling for a  manhunt  for Odinga s supporters, who had greeted the court ruling with jubilation. Two witnesses described a roadblock set up the next day near where Kuria gave his speech, where ruling party supporters checked the ethnicity of passengers in vehicles to see if they might be opposition supporters.  On Sunday, Muthama, a former senator for the opposition Wiper party, gave a speech peppered with insults aimed at Kenyatta. In a televised speech on Monday, Kenyatta said the ruling party might use its majority in the legislature to impeach Odinga if the opposition leader won the new polls, scheduled for Oct. 17.   Even if he is elected, we have the opportunity in parliament within two months, three months to kick him out,  Kenyatta said in a nationally televised speech.  Waikwa Wanyoike, a barrister specializing in constitutional law, said the government s majority fell short of the majority needed in both houses to impeach a president.   It s just posturing. It requires a two-thirds majority in both houses ... there also has to be grounds to do it. They can manufacture grounds but it s hard to manufacture the numbers,  he said.  Odinga, meanwhile, accused the government of a mass sterilization campaign under the guise of giving tetanus vaccinations.   Hundreds of thousands of our girls and women between 14 and 49 will not have children because of state-sponsored sterilization sold to the country as tetanus vaccination,  Odinga said at a press conference.  Odinga cited Kenya s Lancet laboratories as one of his sources. But Dr Ahmed Kelebi, managing director of Lancet, said such claims were based on debunked misinterpretations of their data. After Odinga spoke, a founding member of his opposition alliance, Moses Wetangula, said the opposition would boycott the opening of parliament on Tuesday.   (Opposition) members of parliament from both houses will not attend the intended opening of the house because the president is a lame duck president,  Wetangula said.  He is enjoying temporary incumbency and has got no moral authority whatsoever to officially open parliament.  ",1
20393,Russia urges U.S. to start finding way to resolve problems,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov urged U.S. Undersecretary of State Thomas Shannon to stop destroying Russia-U.S. relations and to start finding a way to resolve their problems, Russia s Foreign Ministry said on Monday.  We called for a stop to the destruction of Russia-U.S. relations and ... to start finding solutions to resolve problems that are mounting through no fault of ours,  a statement said after Ryabkov and Shannon met in Helsinki. ",1
20394,"Militant blast, gun attack kill 18 police in Egypt's Sinai","ISMAILIA, Egypt (Reuters) - Militants attacked a security convoy in Egypt s strife-torn Sinai Peninsula, killing at least 18 policemen in a blast and a gun battle on Monday, sources said - an assault claimed by Islamic State. The attackers detonated an improvised explosive device and managed to destroy three armored vehicles and a signal-jamming vehicle near Arish, the capital of North Sinai province, the security and medical sources said. The attack turned into a gunfight and the militants also opened fire on ambulance workers, injuring four, the sources told Reuters.  At least 18 policemen, two of them officers, died in the violence, and a brigadier general lost a leg in the blast, several sources at Arish hospital said. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement posted by its news agency Amaq. The Sunni Muslim militants are waging an insurgency in the rugged, thinly populated Sinai, aiming to topple the government of President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.  Militants have killed hundreds of soldiers and police there since 2013, when the military, led by Sisi, ousted Egypt s Islamist president Mohamed Mursi after mass protests against his rule. At least 23 Egyptian soldiers were killed when suicide car bombs tore through two military checkpoints in North Sinai in July, in one of the bloodiest assaults on security forces in years. The Interior Ministry said several policemen were killed or injured in the attack, without giving figures. The prime minister s office called it a  traitorous incident .  Prime Minister Sherif Ismail affirmed the state s determination to fight these criminal actions that target the safety and will of citizens with its full force,  a government statement said. The United States strongly condemned the attack and said it would  continue to stand with Egypt as it confronts the threat from terrorism,  the State Department said. ",1
20395,"Russia, Jordan agree to speed de-escalation zone in south Syria","AMMAN (Reuters) - Jordan said on Monday it was working with Russia to roll out a plan to end fighting in southwestern Syria  in the fastest possible time  - part of a peace pact for the border area brokered by Amman, Moscow and Washington.  Jordan and Russia s foreign ministers met in Amman to discuss progress in setting up a  de-escalation zone  in the particularly sensitive region that includes Syrian territory neighboring Israel. Neither side gave details on any sticking points, but diplomats told Reuters they have included the final positions of fighting forces, U.S. unease about Russian involvement in policing the deal, and when to reopen a key border crossing. Russia, which backs Syria s government in the civil war, and the United States, which backs rebel forces seeking to topple President Bashar al-Assad, met secretly in Jordan in June and  announced a ceasefire in Syria s southwest a month later. The truce - the first peacemaking effort in the war by the U.S. government under President Donald Trump - has reduced fighting there and is meant to lead to a longer-lasting de-escalation, a step toward a full settlement more than six years into the complex war.  We expressed our support to resolve all issues relating to the de-escalation zones  performance,  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told reporters in Amman.  The goal is to set up a de-escalation zone in the fastest possible time,  his Jordanian counterpart Ayman Safadi said.  Our priority is that our borders are secure and that means that there should be no Daesh nor Nusra nor sectarian militias,  Safadi added, referring to Islamic State and a rebel force once linked to Al Qaeda, both operating in Syria. An official and two senior diplomats told Reuters the powers have made progress in drawing up a map of the de-escalation zone, including Quneitra province bordering Israel, alongside the southern Deraa province adjoining Jordan. The official and diplomats said Washington had also secured an understanding with Moscow that militias backed by the Syrian government s ally Iran must be pushed 40 km (25 miles) from the border. That might help allay Israeli and Jordanian concerns about the presence of Lebanon s Iran-backed Hezbollah group in the area.  Diplomats said Lavrov also pressed Jordan to re-open its Nasib border crossing with Syria, something Amman has so far resisted, saying it needs more security. But it has strongly backed the broader de-escalation deal, seeing it as paving the way for an eventual return of tens of thousands of refugees in its territory. Rebels say the ceasefire remains fragile and fear Syria s army will return to attack them once it has consolidated gains in the north and other areas. Insurgents say the de-escalation zones merely free up Syria s army to make territorial gains elsewhere. Syria s army, supported by Russian air power and Iranian-backed militias, has in recent weeks gained a string of post along the border with Jordan in southeastern Syria, a zone that is outside the ceasefire area. ",1
20396,YRC Worldwide says multiple terminals closed in U.S. Southeast,"(Reuters) - YRC Worldwide Inc said on Monday it had multiple terminals closed in Georgia, South Carolina, and Florida due to Irma. The closed terminals included locations in Atlanta, Valdosta and Albany, in Georgia; Charleston, Columbia, and Florence, in  South Carolina; Jacksonville, Miami, Orlando, and Tampa in Florida. ",1
20397,Turkey says U.S. indictment of former minister amounts to 'coup attempt',"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey said on Monday its former economy minister, indicted in the United States for conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran, acted within international law and that charges against him amounted to a coup attempt through American courts. Former minister Zafer Caglayan  has protected Turkey s interests as Turkish economy minister, and has acted within the laws of our country and international laws while doing that,  government spokesman Bekir Bozdag said. The charges against Caglayan were  a repetition of the December FETO coup attempt ... through the American judiciary , Bozdag said, referring to 2013 leaks about alleged government corruption which were blamed on President Tayyip Erdogan s opponents. Caglayan and the ex-head of a state-owned Turkish bank were charged on Wednesday with conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran by illegally moving hundreds of millions of dollars through the U.S. financial system on Tehran s behalf. [nL8N1LO4RO] The charges stem from the case against Reza Zarrab, a wealthy Turkish-Iranian gold trader who was arrested in the United States over sanctions evasion last year. He has pleaded not guilty. Wednesday s indictment marked the first time an ex-government member with close ties to Erdogan had been charged in the investigation that has strained ties between Washington and Ankara.  Erdogan said last week he had told Washington that Turkey had never agreed to comply with its sanctions on Iran, and called on the United States to review the indictment. Turkey s presidency said on Saturday Erdogan spoke by phone with U.S. President Donald Trump. It did not say whether the two leaders discussed the case. [nL5N1LQ0HV] Bozdag also condemned the indictment of Erdogan s guards over violence during his visit to Washington in June, saying it relied on testimony from supporters of the outlawed militant PKK group, and had done  great damage  to U.S.-Turkish ties.",1
20398,UK's May needs parliament to back deal with N.Irish party - campaigner,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May must seek parliamentary approval for a billion-pound deal with a Northern Irish party that propped up her government after an inconclusive election, a legal campaigner quoted government lawyers as saying on Monday. After losing her majority at the June 8 election, May s Conservative Party secured the support of the small Democratic Unionist Party which allowed her to form a minority government. Northern Ireland would get 1 billion pounds ($1.3 billion) extra funding as part of the deal, the government said at the time. [nL8N1JN0LL] But, citing correspondence with government lawyers, campaigner Gina Miller, who defeated ministers in an earlier high-profile legal case over the process for triggering Britain s exit from the European Union, said the deal could not be executed without parliamentary approval.  Alongside a statement condemning the government for not making the need for parliamentary approval public, Miller released a letter from the government s legal department.  The agreement does not, and could not, involve the Government providing or committing itself to any provision of additional funds to Northern Ireland which would not be authorised under standard procedures, including the consent of Parliament,  the letter said. A spokesman from May s office said all government spending required parliamentary authorisation, and that its focus in Northern Ireland was on ending a political stalemate that has left it without a regional government for eight months. Any parliamentary vote would be expected to pass with the support of Conservative and DUP lawmakers, but could invite further unwelcome scrutiny of a deal which has been heavily criticised by political opponents.  The opposition Labour Party described it as a  bribe  and said the government needed to be clear about how it would be paid for. In January, Miller successfully challenged the government s plan to begin EU divorce proceedings without first seeking parliamentary approval. After a Supreme Court ruling sided with Miller in that case, May was forced to pass legislation through parliament. ",1
20399,German foreign minister equates far-right AfD party with Nazis,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Monday equated the Alternative for Germany (AfD) party with the Nazis who ruled the country from 1933 to 1945, an insult rarely heard in national politics. In an interview with Internet provider t-online.de, Gabriel said many German voters were considering voting for the AfD in the Sept. 24 parliamentary election because they felt their concerns about migration, security and jobs were not being addressed. Founded in 2013 as an anti-European Union party, the AfD shifted its focus from the euro zone debt crisis to immigration after Chancellor Angela Merkel in 2015 opened the doors to over a million migrants, many fleeing war in the Middle East.  If we re unlucky, then these people will send a signal of dissatisfaction that will have terrible consequences. Then we will have real Nazis in the German Reichstag for the first time since the end of World War Two,  said Gabriel, a member of the Social Democrats, junior partners in the ruling coalition. The AfD declined to comment on Gabriel s remarks, which came after the Welt am Sonntag newspaper cited what it called a racist email reportedly written by Alice Weidel, a top AfD candidate, to a Frankfurt business associate in 2013. The German government was destroying society by allowing it to be overrun by  culturally foreign people such as Arabs, Sinti and Roma,  the newspaper quoted the email as saying. Weidel s spokesman Christian Lueth, writing on Twitter, dismissed the report as  fake news  aimed at keeping his party out of parliament. He told the Tagesspiegel newspaper that Weidel had assured him the email was not from her. Lueth declined to comment further when contacted by Reuters. Other parties also lined up to criticize the AfD, which polls show is on course to enter the national parliament for the first time after the election. The party has seats in 13 of 16 state legislatures. Bavarian state premier Horst Seehofer, head of the CSU sister party of Merkel s conservatives, dismissed the leaked email as a publicity-seeking  provocation  by the AfD that was best ignored. Justice Minister Heiko Maas, a member of Gabriel s SPD, said in an essay published in the Frankfurter Rundschau newspaper that parts of the AfD s program, including on religion, family and Europe, were unconstitutional. German prosecutors separately launched an investigation into remarks by another AfD official, Alexander Gauland, who said  Germany s integration minister should be  dumped  back to Turkey, her parents  country of origin. [nL2N1LS093] Christian Lindner, who heads the pro-business Free Democratic Party that is also poised to win seats in parliament, described the AfD as an anti-liberal and authoritarian party that was completely at odds with his own. Gabriel urged steps to reverse the AfD s gains in neglected communities and villages of the former communist East Germany.  We must change course and not only reimburse the cost of taking in migrants, but also give local communities the same amount on top so they can do more for their citizens,  he said. Merkel, whose CDU/CSU conservatives are leading the SPD by double digits in opinion polls, looks poised to win a fourth term. Both her camp and the Social Democrats have ruled out governing in coalition with the AfD. ",1
20400,"U.N. rights boss sees possible ""crimes against humanity"" in Venezuela","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations human rights chief said on Monday that Venezuelan security forces may have committed crimes against humanity against protesters and called for an international investigation. But Venezuela s foreign minister defended the record of the government of President Nicolas Maduro, rejecting the allegations as  baseless . Venezuela has been convulsed by months of demonstrations against the leftist president who critics say has plunged the oil-rich country into the worst economic crisis in its history and is turning it into a dictatorship.  My investigation suggests the possibility that crimes against humanity may have been committed, which can only be confirmed by a subsequent criminal investigation,  Zeid Ra ad al Hussein told the U.N. Human Rights Council. He said the government was using criminal proceedings against opposition leaders, arbitrary detentions, excessive use of force and ill-treatment of detainees, in some cases amounting to torture. Last month, Zeid s office said Venezuela s security forces had committed extensive and apparently deliberate human rights violations in crushing anti-government protests and that democracy was  barely alive .  There is a very real danger that tensions will further escalate, with the government crushing democratic institutions and critical voices,  Zeid said. The opposition, which boycotted the election for the Constituent Assembly, has accused electoral authorities of inflating turn-out figures for the July 30 vote. However, Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza told the Geneva forum:  We have now selected the National Constituent Assembly, this is the true expression of our citizens  will. It will have the powers to draw up a new Constitution.    The opposition in Venezuela is back on the path of rule of law and democracy, we will see dialogue emerging thanks to mediation of our friends,  he said. Arreaza accused protesters of using firearms and  home-made weapons  against security forces, but noted that the last death was on July 30.  Our country is now at peace,  he added. Venezuela is among the 47 members of the Council, where it enjoys strong support from Cuba, Iran and other states. Diego Arria, who was Venezuela s ambassador to the United Nations in New York from 1991 to 1994, told a separate Geneva event organized by activists and action group UN Watch that Venezuela should be referred to the prosecutor of the International Criminal Court.  I am convinced that the killing in the streets equates to crimes against humanity,  he said. The Hague-based court defines such crimes as including torture, murder, deprivation of liberty, sexual violence and persecution, he said.  Julieta Lopez, aunt of opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez who remains under house arrest after three years in a military jail, said abuses continued.  There is no right to express a different political opinion without being threatened, beaten or imprisoned,  she told the same event. ",1
20401,"After financial pledges, France urges Chad to hold elections","PARIS (Reuters) - France on Monday urged Chadian authorities to press ahead with parliamentary elections after securing billions of dollars in pledges from donor countries aimed at helping to revive the country s struggling economy. President Idriss Deby, who was re-elected in 2016 after gaining power in 1990 at the head of an armed rebellion, said in February that lack of financial resources meant Chad s parliamentary elections would be postponed indefinitely.  The legislative elections are an important moment in democratic life,  French foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters in a daily briefing.  We hope in this regard that the Chadian authorities ... will be in a position to announce a calendar (for elections) soon.   In a statement on Friday, Chad s government said it had secured about $18.5 billion in pledges for a 2017-2021 national development program, double its original expectations. Romatet-Espagne said France would contribute 223 million euros ($267.27 million).  The former French colony, one of the poorest nations in the world, has been rocked by humanitarian crises over the past decade, including conflicts in the east and south, drought in the arid Sahel region and flooding.  That has been compounded since 2012 by instability on its borders with Libya, Nigeria and Central African Republic, forcing Chad to increase its security budget to handle thousands of refugees and counter a growing cross-border threat. Its economy has especially been hit by a more than 50 percent drop in the price of oil, which represent three-quarters of its revenues. However, critics say too much of its revenues goes to the army.  Military spending has helped Chad intervene in the Central African Republic, Mali, in neighboring countries threatened by Boko Haram and as far afield as the Saudi Arabia-led coalition to fight Houthi combatants in Yemen,  International Crisis Group analyst Richard Moncrieff said in a note on Sept. 8.  This engagement has strengthened relations with Western powers and brought substantial financial and political support. The EU, France and the U.S. in particular today consider Deby as their principal partner in the fight against terrorism in the Sahel. For Deby it is win-win: tackle domestic armed opposition, pay his troops and gain significant leverage over donors.  The headquarters of France s 4,000-strong counter-terrorism Barkhane force is in the Chadian capital N djamena. Asked at Science Po university on Sept. 6 whether France s policy in West Africa was still based on  Francafrique , Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian sought to play down that perception.  We no longer talk about Francafrique but AfricaFrance,   Le Drian said.  France does not support corrupt (leaders), but on the contrary there are presidents who have been elected by universal suffrage - you mentioned some of them (Deby and Niger President Mahamadou Issoufou) - and whose elections were not contested, and that is the reality.      Franceafrique describes an informal web of relationships Paris has maintained with its former African colonies and its support, sometimes in the form of military backing, for politicians who favor French business interests.  ",1
20402,Spanish Red Cross physiotherapist killed in Afghanistan,"MAZAR-I-SHARIF, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A Spanish physiotherapist working for the Red Cross in the northern Afghan city of Mazar-i-Sharif was shot dead on Monday, apparently by a hospital patient, officials said. Police said two arrests had been made and an investigation was underway. The International Committee of the Red Cross said Lorena Enebral Perez, 38, was killed in its orthopedic rehabilitation center in Mazar-i-Sharif.   Energetic and full of laughter, Lorena was the heart of our office in Mazar. Today, our hearts are broken,  said the ICRC s head of delegation in Afghanistan, Monica Zanarelli. Perez s work in Afghanistan involved helped people, including children, who had lost legs or arms, mostly in the war, to learn to walk again or feed themselves.    Sheer Jan Durani, a spokesman for the police chief in Balkh province, said two patients were admitted to hospital and one took out a pistol apparently concealed in a wheelchair and shot the woman. Both men were arrested, he said. Afghanistan is one of the most dangerous countries in the world for aid workers, with groups including the ICRC often facing attacks on their staff, both Afghan and foreign. Perez s death followed the killing in February of six ICRC staff in northern Afghanistan in an attack in which two other Afghan employees were abducted. The kidnapped Afghan staff were released six days ago, the ICRC statement said. The ICRC has seven rehabilitation centers in Afghanistan that manufacture more than 19,000 artificial limbs per year and treat hundreds of thousands of patients. ",1
20403,"British child sex-abuser, 102, sentenced for crimes from 1970s","LONDON (Reuters) - A 102-year-old man given a suspended sentence on Monday for sexually abusing a girl in the 1970s is thought to be the oldest person convicted of a crime in Britain, prosecutors said. Douglas Hammersley was given a two-year suspended sentence after pleading guilty to three counts of indecent assault. The Crown Prosecution Service said the incidents took place in the Buckinghamshire area, to the west of London, when the victim was between five and eight years old.      We were able to prosecute Hammersley thanks to the victim coming forward, even though the offences were committed more than four decades ago,  said Jennie Laskar-Hall, senior prosecutor for the CPS. In December, a 101-year-old man was jailed for 13 years for a string of historical sex crimes against two young sisters and their brother. Police said he was the oldest person to have been found guilty of a crime in British legal history. ",1
20404,Saakashvili plans to unite Ukraine opposition against president,"LVIV, Ukraine (Reuters) - A day after forcing his way past border guards back into Ukraine, former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili said he would unite the opposition against his former ally President Petro Poroshenko and planned to campaign for support. Saakashvili wants to unseat Poroshenko at the next election, accusing the president of reneging on promises to root out corruption and carry out reforms made during the 2014 Maidan protests, which ousted a pro-Kremlin leader.  At present it seems unlikely that Saakashvili, who studied in Ukraine and speaks fluent Ukrainian, will come to power. His Ukrainian citizenship, bestowed by Poroshenko when he made him governor of Odessa in 2015, has been withdrawn, and polls show little support for his party, the Movement of New Forces.  I am fighting against rampant corruption, against the fact that oligarchs are in full control of Ukraine again, against the fact that Maidan has been betrayed,  Saakashvili said at a press conference in the city of Lviv. Saakashvili divides opinion. Supporters see him as a fearless crusader against corruption but critics say there is little substance behind his blustery rhetoric.  Back home in Georgia, his time in office was tarnished by what critics said was his monopolizing power and exerting pressure on the judiciary. He was president at the time of a disastrous five-day war with Russia in 2008, a conflict that his critics argued was the result of his own miscalculations.   Saakashvili says he does not covet the presidency himself and wants to promote a new, younger politician to the post. But while perhaps not a threat as a direct rival, Saakashvili could prove to be an effective weapon against Poroshenko for powerful opposition figures like Yulia Tymoshenko, who was with him at the border on Sunday. Poroshenko trails in the polls behind Tymoshenko, a former prime minister and leader of one of Ukraine s largest opposition parties.     This is a marriage of convenience between Tymoshenko and Saakashvili, but the parties have different interests,  said political analyst Volodymyr Fesenko.  She tries to use this situation with the hope that this will provoke a political crisis in Ukraine and lead to early elections.  Saakashvili s relationship with Poroshenko dates back nearly three decades to when they were students at the same university in Kiev and their shared opposition to the Kremlin later brought them together as politicians. But a bitter spat erupted in November 2016, a year after Poroshenko invited Saakashvili to be the governor of the region of Odessa to help drive reforms. The latter quit, accusing Poroshenko of abetting corruption and turned into one of his loudest critics.  Meanwhile Poroshenko s office said Saakashvili had failed to deliver change as governor and said his Ukrainian citizenship was withdrawn because he allegedly put false information on his registration form. Saakashvili says the decision was politically motivated. It left him effectively stateless as Georgia has also withdrawn his citizenship. On Sunday evening Saakashvili and his supporters forced their way past a cordon of border guards to return to Ukraine from Poland.   It does not matter who violates the state border - invaders in the East or politicians in the West. There always must be legal responsibility,  Poroshenko said in televised remarks on Monday.  The president said Saakashvili should have used Ukrainian courts to challenge the revocation.  Now this is a matter of law enforcement agencies and they have begun to act,  Poroshenko said.   Saakashvili said he would travel to all regions of Ukraine to unite  different political forces around a common theme that we must have a democracy and we should not let oligarchs hold sway.  Ukraine s record of implementing reforms has been patchy since Poroshenko took office in 2014.  Reformist lawmaker Mustafa Nayyem, one of the faces of the Maidan protests and a member of Poroshenko s faction in parliament, traveled with Saakashvili on Sunday and accused the Kiev authorities of trying to silence opponents.   We didn t want this country when we stayed on Maidan,  he told reporters.  We wanted a country in which opponents, political opponents, have a right to say what they want.  Saakashvili may yet face arrest. Police have launched a criminal investigation into Sunday s incident, while General Prosecutor Yuriy Lutsenko said those who crossed the border illegally would be prosecuted.  Kiev could leave Saakashvili alone, arrest him and possibly extradite him to Georgia. Saakashvili took power in Georgia after a peaceful uprising, known as the Rose Revolution, in 2003. The 49-year-old is now wanted on criminal charges in Georgia, which he says were trumped up for political reasons. ",1
20405,Afghanistan will never again be militant sanctuary: U.S. ambassador,"KABUL (Reuters) - The U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan said on Monday Washington would never allow militants to use the country as a sanctuary, as American and allied troops in Kabul commemorated the Sept. 11 attacks. U.S. President Donald Trump in August committed nearly 4,000 additional troops to Afghanistan as part of an open-ended campaign against Taliban insurgents who have made advances in recent years. A U.S. led intervention sparked by the Sept. 11 attacks toppled the Taliban government in 2001. Since then more than 2,400 American troops and more than 1,000 international allies have died in Afghanistan.  Today we remember how this conflict began but let us also remember how this must end, with Afghanistan never again serving as an ungoverned space, sanctuary or base for those who are bent on attacking us and our allies,  ambassador Hugo Llorens told a crowd of soldiers at the NATO coalition s headquarters in Kabul.  The United states would also  completely annihilate  Islamic State militants in the region, Llorens said. The Taliban on Monday claimed responsibility for a suicide car bombing that wounded several NATO troops and Afghan civilians in a province north Kabul. ",1
20406,One person killed by car bomb attack in Somalia's capital,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - At least one person was killed and three others injured when a car bomb went off in Somalia s capital Mogadishu on Monday, police said. The bomb was concealed in a car parked on Al Mukaram street in the capital, Mohamed Hussein, a police officer, told Reuters.  ",1
20407,Pakistan PM warns U.S. sanctions would be counter-productive,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan s Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi said it would be counter-productive for the United States to sanction Pakistani officials or further cut military assistance, warning it would hurt both countries  fight against militancy. U.S.-Pakistan relations have frayed since President Donald Trump last month set out a new Afghanistan policy and lashed out at nuclear-armed Pakistan as a fickle ally that gives safe haven to  agents of chaos  by harboring the Afghan Taliban and other militants. The United States has already begun conditioning future aid to Pakistan on progress Islamabad makes in tackling the Haqqani network militants who it alleges are Pakistan-based and have helped the Taliban carry out deadly attacks inside Afghanistan. Pakistan denies hosting militant sanctuaries, and Islamabad bristles at claims it has not done enough to tackle militancy, noting it has borne the brunt of violence in the so-called war on terror, suffering more than 60,000 casualties since 2001. Former petroleum minister Abbasi, 58, who was installed as prime minister last month after the Supreme Court ousted veteran premier Nawaz Sharif over undeclared income, told Reuters that any targeted sanctions by Washington against Pakistani military and intelligence officials would not help U.S. counter-terrorism efforts.  We are fighting the war against terror, anything that degrades our effort will only hurt the U.S. effort,  Abbasi said in an interview in Islamabad on Monday.  What does it achieve?  U.S. officials privately say the targeted sanctions would be aimed at Pakistani officials with ties to extremist groups and are part of an array of options being discussed to pressure Pakistan to change its behavior, including further aid cuts. Washington s civilian and military assistance to Pakistan was less than $1 billion in 2016, down from a recent peak of $3.5 billion in 2011, and Abbasi warned that Washington will not achieve its counter-terrorism aims by starving Pakistan of funds.  If the military aid cuts degrade our effort to fight war on terror, who does it help?  he said.  Whatever needs to be done here, it needs to be a cooperative effort.  Abbasi said one practical side-effect of military aid cuts and U.S. Congress blocking the sale of subsidized F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan will be to force Islamabad to buy weapons from China and Russia.  We ve had to look at other options to maintain our national defensive forces,  he said. The Trump administration s tougher stance is seen as pushing Islamabad closer to Beijing, which has pledged about $60 billion in roads, rail and power infrastructure in Pakistan as part of its ambitious Belt and Road initiative to build vast land and sea trade routes linking Asia with Europe and Africa.  We have a major economic relationship with (China), we have a major military relationship since the 1960s, so that s definitely one of our options,  he said. Abbasi said it was  unfair  to blame Pakistan for all the troubles in Afghanistan, saying Washington should show more appreciation for Pakistan s losses from militancy and its role in hosting 3.5 million Afghan refugees. He added that Afghan-based militants have also launched cross-border attacks on civilians and military in Pakistan, prompting Pakistan to begin investing  several billion dollars  to fence the disputed and porous 2,500 km (1,500 mile) border.  We intend to fence the whole border to control that situation,  Abbasi added. Abbasi, a skydiving enthusiast and co-founder of a budget airline, also faces growing headwinds on the economy ahead of a general election, likely in mid-2018. Growth in Pakistan s $300 billion economy surged to 5.3 percent in 2016-17, its fastest pace in a decade, but the macro-economic outlook has deteriorated, stoking concerns Pakistan may need an International Monetary Fund (IMF) bailout, as it did in 2013, to avert another balance of payments crisis. Foreign currency reserves have dwindled by almost a quarter to $14.7 billion since last October, while the 2016-17 current account deficit has more than doubled to $12.1 billion. Abbasi said Islamabad was looking at a raft of measures to alleviate current account pressures to avoid going back to the IMF, including reducing imports of luxury goods, boosting exports, and possibly devaluing its currency. Finance Minister Ishaq Dar is a staunch opponent of a weaker rupee - whose level against the dollar is effectively controlled by the central bank - but Abbasi said it had been discussed.  There are pros and cons to devaluation, but that could be a decision we take,  he said, adding that any devaluation would not be drastic, and  today, it s not on the table yet.  Abbasi, who has hinted his former boss remains the power behind the throne by repeatedly calling him  the people s prime minister , said the three-time premier remains hugely popular despite his disqualification by the Supreme Court on July 28.  Politics is not decided in courts,  said Abbasi, who was jailed along with Sharif after the 1999 military coup.  Politically, Nawaz Sharif is stronger today than he was on July 28.  Abbasi is also pushing ahead with a wide-ranging tax reform agenda before the elections - a tough task in a nation that has one of the world s lowest tax-to-GDP ratios and where tax evasion is rampant and often culturally acceptable. The ruling PML-N party is looking for cross-party support for the reforms, but Abbasi said radical changes would require an integrated approach, including building confidence among tax payers, reducing income taxes and making it less attractive to invest in a real estate sector that attracts black money.  You not only need to have a stick, you need to have a carrot also,  he said. ",1
20408,U.N. brands Myanmar violence a 'textbook' example of ethnic cleansing,"GENEVA/SHAMLAPUR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - The United Nations  top human rights official on Monday slammed Myanmar for conducting a  cruel military operation  against Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine state, branding it  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing . Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein s comments to the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva came as the official tally of Rohingya who have fled Myanmar and crossed into southern Bangladesh in just over two weeks soared through 300,000. The surge of refugees - many sick or wounded - has strained the resources of aid agencies already helping hundreds of thousands from previous spasms of bloodletting in Myanmar.  We have received multiple reports and satellite imagery of security forces and local militia burning Rohingya villages, and consistent accounts of extrajudicial killings, including shooting fleeing civilians,  Zeid said.  I call on the government to end its current cruel military operation, with accountability for all violations that have occurred, and to reverse the pattern of severe and widespread discrimination against the Rohingya population,  he added.  The situation seems a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.  Attacks by Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) militants on police posts and an army base in the northwestern state of Rakhine on Aug. 25 provoked a military counter-offensive. Myanmar says its security forces are carrying out clearance operations to defend against ARSA, which the government has declared a terrorist organization. Myanmar on Sunday rebuffed a ceasefire declared by ARSA to enable the delivery of aid to thousands of displaced and hungry people in the north of Rakhine state, declaring simply that it did not negotiate with terrorists. Human rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya accuse the army and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes of mounting a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Rohingya. The government of Myanmar, a majority Buddhist country where the roughly one million Muslim Rohingya are marginalized, has  repeatedly rejected charges of  ethnic cleansing . Officials have blamed insurgents and Rohingya themselves for burning villages to draw global attention to their cause. Zeid said Myanmar should  stop pretending  that Rohingya were torching their own houses and its  complete denial of reality  was damaging the government s international standing. Western critics have accused Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi of failing to speak out for the Rohingya, who are despised by many in the country as illegal migrants from Bangladesh. Some have called for the Nobel Peace Prize Suu Kyi won in 1991 as a champion of democracy to be revoked. Monday s estimate of new arrivals in the Cox s Bazar region of Bangladesh since Aug. 25 was 313,000, an increase of 19,000 in just 24 hours.  Large numbers of people are still arriving every day in densely packed sites, looking for space, and there are clear signs that more will cross before the situation stabilises,  the International Organization for Migration said in a statement.  New arrivals in all locations are in urgent need of life-saving assistance, including food, water and sanitation, health and protection.  Thousands of Rohingya refugees are still stranded on the Myanmar side of the River Naf, which separates the two countries, with the biggest gathering south of the town of Maungdaw, monitors and sources in the area told Reuters. About 500 houses south of the town were set on fire on Monday, a villager in the Maungdaw region, Aung Lin, told Reuters by telephone.    We were all running way because the army was firing on our village,  he said.  A lot of people carrying bags are now in the rice fields.   Reuters journalists in Cox s Bazar could see huge blazes and plumes of smokes on the other side.  Those still waiting to cross into Bangladesh - many hungry and exhausted after a days-long march through the mountains and bushes in monsoon rain - have been stopped because of a crackdown on Bangladeshi boatmen charging 10,000 taka ($122) or more per person, sources said. Arshad Zamman, 60, said his family had only 80,000 Burmese kyat ($60) and so he had taken a boat to Cox s Bazar on his own and would return to pick up his wife and two sons when he had enough for their journey.  I will try to find money here. I will beg and hopefully some people will help me,  he said. Elsewhere in Myanmar, communal tension appeared to be rising after more than two weeks of violence in Rakhine state. A mob of about 70 people armed with sticks and swords threatened to attack a mosque in the central town of Taung Dwin Gyi on Sunday evening, shouting,  This is our country, this is our land , according to the mosque s imam, Mufti Sunlaiman.  We shut down the lights in the mosque and sneaked out,  the mufti, who was in the mosque at the time, told Reuters by phone. The government said in a statement the mob dispersed after police with riot shields fired rubber bullets. Rumors have spread on social media that Muslims, who make up represent about 4.3 percent of a population of 51.4 million, would stage attacks on Sept. 11 to avenge violence against the Rohingya.  Tensions between Buddhists and Muslims have simmered since scores were killed and tens of thousands displaced in communal clashes accompanying the onset of Myanmar s democratic transition in 2012 and 2013.      ",1
20409,"Bangladesh seeks support to move fleeing Rohingya to remote, flood-prone island","DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh is seeking international support for its plan to relocate Rohingya Muslims fleeing violence in Myanmar to a remote Bay of Bengal island that critics say is flood-prone and unlivable. More than 300,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh from Buddhist-majority Myanmar since the latest violence began on Aug. 25, joining more than 400,000 others already living there in cramped makeshift camps. The United Nations  top human rights official on Monday slammed Myanmar for conducting a  cruel military operation  against the Rohingya, branding it  a textbook example of ethnic cleansing .  This is creating a huge challenge for Bangladesh in terms of providing shelter as well as other humanitarian assistance to them,  Bangladesh s foreign ministry said in a statement on Monday as Foreign Minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali held talks with diplomats. He urged the international community to push Myanmar to find a  permanent solution to this crisis  and  sought support for transportation of the Rohingya to Bhashan Char , also known as Thengar Char. Bangladesh, one of the world s poorest and most crowded nations, plans to develop Thengar Char, which only emerged from the silt off Bangladesh s delta coast 11 years ago and is two hours by boat from the nearest settlement.  It regularly floods during June-September monsoons and, when seas are calm, pirates roam the nearby waters to kidnap fishermen for ransom. The plan to develop the island and use it to house refugees was criticized by humanitarian workers when it was proposed in 2015 and revived last year. Bangladesh, though, insists it alone has the right to decide where to shelter the growing numbers of refugees. ",1
20410,Merkel backs tougher U.N. sanctions against North Korea call with Putin,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday voiced her support for tougher U.N. sanctions against North Korea in a telephone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin, a German government spokesman said.  There was agreement that the conflict about North Korea s nuclear armament must be resolved peacefully,  Steffen Seibert said in a statement. Merkel told Putin she supported efforts of the U.N. Security Council to rapidly adopt further sanctions against North Korea to make Pyongyang change its course, he added. Merkel also welcomed Russia s proposal of deploying U.N. peacekeepers to address the Ukraine crisis, but stressed that the proposed mandate needed to be expanded, Seibert said. Putin signaled his willingness to look into the idea of deploying U.N. peacekeepers not only on the contact line in the Donbass region, but also in other areas in eastern Ukraine to protect OSCE officials monitoring the Minsk peace deal, he added. ",1
20411,Putin tells Merkel U.N. peacekeepers could be deployed not only on Donbass contact line,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin told German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday that UN peacekeepers might be deployed to eastern Ukraine not only on the Donbass contact line separating the sides of the conflict but in other parts where OSCE inspectors work. Putin, in a phone call with Merkel, gave her a detailed description of Russia s initiative to establish a UN mission to protect observers from a special OSCE monitoring mission in Ukraine, the Kremlin said. Taking into account the ideas expressed by Merkel, Putin said Moscow was ready to add new functions to this UN mission proposed in the Russian variant of a UN resolution on Ukraine.   ",1
20412,"Suicide bomber attacks NATO convoy in Afghanistan, some wounded","KABUL (Reuters) - A suicide bomber in an explosives-packed vehicle attacked a NATO convoy in Afghanistan on Monday, wounding  a small number  of foreign troops and at least three civilians, officials said. The soldiers were taken to the nearby Bagram Air Field and  none of their injuries appeared life-threatening, NATO s headquarters in Kabul said.  At least three civilians were hurt, District Governor Abdul Shukor Qodossi said, without giving details on the extent of their injuries. A statement from the Taliban militants said 13 Americans had been killed and 11 wounded and three armored vehicles destroyed. The attack came on the 16th anniversary of the attacks of September 11, 2001, which triggered the U.S.-led military operation that toppled the Taliban regime in Afghanistan. ",1
20413,German women ask Merkel for more support after vote,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A group of German women s organizations wrote to Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday demanding more support for their goals of equal participation, equal pay and better monitoring of gender policies after the Sept. 24 election. Merkel was elected as Germany s first female chancellor in 2005, helped by strong support from women voters, but the leader of the conservative Christian Democrats (CDU) has not made fighting for equal rights a major priority.   Women in Germany have moderated their demands for long enough and repeatedly accepted compromises. Without notable progress,  wrote the 17 groups representing 12.5 million women in professions ranging from medicine to law and engineering.  Now, new, binding milestones with clear targets need to be defined and achieved.  Opinion polls show that Merkel should easily win a fourth term, with women still more likely to vote for the CDU than the SPD, and far more likely to support Merkel   on 60 percent   than her SPD challenger Martin Schulz   on just 20 percent. Merkel was initially opposed to quotas, but her government  has introduced a requirement for women to hold 30 percent of seats on non-executive company boards after it was championed by her junior coalition partners, the center-left Social Democrats. Beyond that, however, progress at boosting female representation in both business and politics has been slow. None of Germany s top 30 listed companies has a female CEO and women hold only 7 percent of executive positions in the 160 biggest listed firms, up from 6 percent in 2016. Meanwhile, the percentage of women in the German parliament is expected to fall to 32 percent from a current 36.5 percent after the election due to the likely entry of the male-dominated Free Democrats and Alternative fuer Deutschland (AfD). Merkel says she wants half her new cabinet to be female, compared to seven out of 16 posts now, although that will depend on which party she shares power with. She has also warned firms they face tougher regulation if they do not promote more women. The women s groups said they welcomed Merkel s desire for an equal cabinet and for more women in business, but said more was needed to improve participation and equal pay.  The example of the mandatory gender quota for supervisory boards of large companies shows that legal targets are needed to speed up the necessary processes of change and a switch in role models in business and society,  the letter to Merkel said. ",1
20414,"Russian, German leaders condemn North Korea's ignoring of U.N. resolutions","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel discussed the situation on the Korean peninsula on Monday and strongly condemned Pyongyang s ignoring of U.N. Security Council resolutions.  It was stressed that such steps contradict the principles of global non-proliferation and create a serious threat to regional peace and security,  the Kremlin said in a statement after the leaders  telephone conversation.   It was confirmed that the settlement of this acute crisis is possible exclusively through political and diplomatic tools, through the restart of the negotiations of all the parties involved,  the Kremlin said, adding that the leaders agreed to continue contacts on the crisis via their foreign ministers.  ",1
20415,"Irma severely damages Cuban sugar industry, crop: state media","HAVANA (Reuters) - Hurricane Irma seriously damaged Cuba s already dilapidated sugar industry and flooded and flattened an extensive area of sugar cane, state-run media reported on Monday.  Some 300,000 hectares (740,000 acres) of cane were affected to different degrees,  Liobel Perez, spokesman for AZCUBA, the state sugar monopoly, was quoted as stating. He said 40 percent of the country s mills were also damaged, as were warehouses and other parts of the industry s infrastructure. Despite a steep decline in output over the last 15 years, the industry remains one of the country s most important in terms of employment and export earnings. The sugar harvest was scheduled to begin in November. The monster storm spent three days traversing most of the island s northern coast, from east to west, with particular force in the sugar-producing provinces of central Cuba, before heading north to Florida on Sunday. Officials have just begun to assess the damage, so the report was preliminary.  Cuba produced 1.8 million tonnes of sugar during the 2016-2017 season. ",1
20416,Polish legal experts say Poland can demand German reparations,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Polish parliamentary legal experts ruled on Monday that Warsaw has the right to demand reparations from Germany for its actions in the country during World War Two, although Poland s foreign minister indicated that no immediate claim would be made. The issue of reparations, revived by Poland s eurosceptic ruling party Law and Justice (PiS) after decades of improving relations with Germany, could escalate tensions between the two European Union governments. In a non-binding ruling, the experts said a decision by Poland s communist authorities in the 1950s to relinquish all claims against Germany over damages caused by its invasion and occupation of much of Poland was unconstitutional and invalid.  (The communist government) was forced into this by the Soviet Union, and Poland was not a sovereign state at the time,  said Arkadiusz Mularczyk, a PiS deputy who had commissioned the study.  Poland has a legal basis to demand reparations.  The PiS government   deeply distrustful of Germany   has raised calls for wartime compensation in recent weeks but it has yet to officially demand reparations. Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski said on Monday that discussions on the issue  may not yield the appropriate result .  But they should take place to inform the German side about the enormity of destruction it has caused,  he told public broadcaster TVP1. Waszczykowski added further analysis was needed before any claims were lodged.   Six million Poles, including three million Polish Jews, were killed during the war, and the capital Warsaw was razed to the ground in 1944 after a failed uprising in which 200,000 civilians died. Relations between Germany and Poland had warmed following the 1989 collapse of communism, particularly under the previous centrist government in Warsaw. But they have sunk to a decade low since the nationalist-leaning PiS won a parliamentary election in 2015. It says Berlin wields too much influence within the EU. PiS also frequently invokes Poland s suffering under the German occupation as part of a broader effort it says aims to promote patriotism at home, and to counter accusations that some Poles were also perpetrators of wartime crimes against the Jews. Under communism, Poles were taught to believe that, with a few exceptions, the nation had conducted itself honorably during a war that killed a fifth of the Polish population.  But a series of books and films have questioned this self-image in recent years, opening a painful debate over collective guilt and reconciliation. German parliamentary legal experts said last month that Warsaw had no right to demand reparations.     ",1
20417,U.N. nuclear watchdog chief says Iran playing by the rules,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog said on Monday Iran was abiding by the rules set out in a nuclear accord it signed with six world powers in 2015, after Washington suggested it was not adhering to the deal. The State Department must notify Congress every 90 days of Iran s compliance with the deal. The next deadline is October and U.S. President Donald Trump has said he thinks by then the United States will declare Iran non-compliant. Yukiya Amano, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), said Iran had not broken any promises and was not receiving special treatment.  The nuclear-related commitments undertaken by Iran under the (deal) are being implemented,  he said in the text of a speech to a quarterly meeting of the IAEA s 35-member Board of Governors.  Most sanctions on Iran were lifted 18 months ago under the deal and, despite overstepping a limit on its stocks of one chemical, it has adhered to the key limitations imposed on it. In April, Trump ordered a review of whether a suspension of sanctions on Iran related to the nuclear deal, negotiated under President Barack Obama, was in the U.S. national security interest. He has called it  the worst deal ever negotiated.  The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, traveled to Vienna last month to speak with Amano about Iran and asked if the IAEA planned to inspect Iranian military sites, something she has called for. Iran dismissed the U.S. demand as  merely a dream . Amano declined to comment on Haley s statements when asked by reporters. Iran has been applying an Additional Protocol, which is in force in dozens of nations and gives the IAEA access to sites, including military locations, to clarify questions or inconsistencies that may arise.  We will continue to implement the Additional Protocol in Iran ... as we do in other countries,  Amano said, referring to so-called complementary access visits granted under the protocol, details of which Amano said were confidential.  I cannot tell you how many complementary accesses we have had, but I can tell you ... that we have had access to locations more frequently than many other countries with extensive nuclear programs.  He called verification measures in Iran  the most robust regime  currently in existence. In addition, the IAEA can request access to Iranian sites including military ones if it has concerns about activities or materials there that would violate the agreement, but it must show Iran the basis for those concerns. That means new and credible information pointing to such a violation is required first, officials from the agency and major powers say. There is no indication that Washington has presented such information. ",1
20418,Azeri court releases head of independent Azeri news agency,"BAKU (Reuters) - An Azeri court on Monday released the director of an independent news agency from pre-trial detention but said an investigation of him can continue, in a case condemned by human rights activists. Mehman Aliyev, the head of Turan news agency, was detained by Azeri police in the capital, Baku, on Aug. 24, on suspicion of tax evasion and illegal business activities. Investigation of those allegations will continue Turan suspended its operations from Sept. 1.  I m not under arrest anymore. I consider this decision as positive ... I m glad that mistake has been amended,  Aliyev told Reuters by telephone after his release. Azeri officials said Aliyev s release was a demonstration of the president s attitude to journalists.  His release is a proof of President (Ilham) Aliyev s special attitude to journalists and mass media,  said Aflatun Amashov, the head of Azerbaijan s Press Union. The West has criticized Azerbaijan for what it calls  intimidation and repression aimed at the opposition and urged Baku to comply with its pledges on human rights. Azeri officials deny the accusations. The Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) as well as opposition parties in Azerbaijan and human rights activists had been calling for Aliyev s immediate release. ",1
20419,"Tribal clashes, political void threaten oil installations in Iraq's south","BASRA/BAGHDAD, Iraq (Reuters) - Worsening clashes among tribes and a political void is threatening security at oil installations in Iraq s main southern oil producing region, officials and security sources said. Iraq has concentrated security forces in the north and west of the OPEC oil producer in the biggest campaign since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 to retake territory lost to the Sunni extremist group Islamic State in 2014. That has created a void in the south, home to Iraq s biggest oilfields, where fighting between rival Shi ite Muslim tribes over farmland, state construction contracts and land ownership has worsened in the past few weeks. The surge in violence risks undermining government plans to lure new investment to the oil and gas sector it needs to revive an economy hit by a surge in security spending and destruction by Islamic State. Stability in Basra, the main southern city at the edge of the Gulf, is of vital importance as a hub for oil exports accounting for over 95 percent of government revenues. Officials said tribal clashes had not affected oil output yet. But this could change as recent fighting with mortars and machine guns had come close to the key West Qurna oil phase 1, West Qurna phase 2 and Majnoon oilfields north of Basra city.  Tribal feuds have been exacerbating recently and such a negative development could threaten the operations of the foreign energy companies,  said Ali Shaddad, head of the oil and gas committee in Basra s provincial council. State-run South Oil Co. (SOC) said the violence had started scaring oil workers and foreign contractors who in some cases had refused to move drilling rigs over security concerns.  Tribal fighting near oilfields sites is definitely affecting the energy operations and sending a negative message to foreign oil firms,  Abdullah al-Faris, a media manager at SOC, said. Iraq s government has dispatched thousands of soldiers and policemen into Basra which had been like the rest of the mainly Shi ite south relatively peaceful since 2003. Security force have tried to disarm tribesmen, which had seized large caches of light and heavy weapons from Saddam Hussein s army in the chaos following the 2003 invasion. But security officials said forces were stretched as troops were preparing another offensive against Islamic State, or Daesh, in the north to retake Hawija town. Strategically located east of the road from Baghdad to Mosul and near the Kurdish-held oil region of Kirkuk, Hawija fell to Islamic State in 2014.  We need larger forces to control rural areas and restrain lawless tribes in the south,  said Army Lieutenant Colonel Salah Kareem who serves in a brigade that was based in Basra before being moved to Mosul.  This is a difficult job for now as most troops are busy with fighting Daesh,  he said. The security challenges have been worsened by a political void after top local officials quit over graft charges. Basra s governor Majid al-Nasrawi stepped down last month and left for Iran after Iraq s anti-corruption body began investigating graft allegations against him. In July the head of the provincial council, Sabah al-Bazoni, was arrested and sacked after the watchdog accused him of taking bribes and misuse of power. Graft has been a major concern in Iraq but analysts say both men had also been caught in a political battle as parties from the country s Shi ite majority were gearing up for national elections in April 2018. Basra is seen as the ultimate prize given its oil wealth and investment potential. Bazoni, who belongs to former prime minister Nuri al-Maliki s State of Law coalition, had been at odds with Nasrawi from the Shi ite Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq over managing the province and distributing contracts for basic services and rebuilding infrastructure in Basra. Disagreements over how to award state contracts had escalated with each party publishing files alleging corruption against the other rivals, two Basra politicians said on condition of anonymity.  For some political parties having the upper hand in Basra is a key objective to expand their power,  said Baghdad-based analyst Jasim al-Bahadli, an expert on Shi ite armed groups.  Basra is forming the triangle of money, power and influence,  he said.  Two officials working with foreign oil companies operating in the south said the departure of top officials raised worries that the tribal clashes could get worse.  We need to see security challenges addressed to avoid working in a difficult operating environment,  said one official working at a foreign oil firm in Basra, asking not to be named. ",1
20420,Around 30 people injured in Swiss train collision: police,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Around 30 people were injured on Monday in a train collision at a station in central Switzerland, police said. None of the injuries are life-threatening, police for the Swiss canton of Uri said in a statement. The accident occurred in Andermatt, a town in the Swiss Alps popular among skiers. The crash occurred at around 11:30 local time (0930 GMT) while the engine for a train was being moved to the front from the back.  Police said they were investigating the cause of the crash.  ",1
20421,"After Russia, Iran seeks deal for long-term Syria garrison: Israel","HERZLIYA, Israel (Reuters) - The Israeli intelligence minister said on Monday that President Bashar al-Assad was ready to permit Iran to set up military bases in Syria that would pose a long-term threat to neighboring Israel. While formally neutral on the six-year-old Syrian civil war, Israel worries that Assad s recent gains have given his Iranian and Lebanese Hezbollah allies a foothold on its northern front. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has lobbied Russia, Assad s most powerful backer, and the United States to curb the Iranian presence in Syria   as well as hinting that Israel could launch preemptive strikes against its arch-foe there. In July, Moscow ratified a deal under which Damascus allowed the Russian air base in Syria s Latakia Province to remain for almost half a century. Israeli Intelligence Minister Israel Katz said Iran could soon gain similar rights.  In these very days, Assad and Iran are nearing the signing of a long-term agreement that would anchor Iran s military presence in Syria, resembling the agreement that was signed between Assad and the Russians,  Katz told a security conference hosted by IDC Herzliya, a university near Tel Aviv.   The significance in terms of the danger and the threat against Israel - and not just against Israel, but also many countries in the region - is of the utmost clarity.   Katz did not elaborate on the source of his information or give any further details about the purported negotiations. The Iranian Foreign Ministry declined to comment and Syrian officials could not be reached. Katz said the plan was for an Iranian naval port, bases for Iran s air and ground forces, and  tens of thousands of Shiite militiamen being brought in from various countries  to fight alongside their Iranian and Hezbollah co-religionists in Syria. Iran s presence in Syria, and efforts to bolster Hezbollah in Lebanon, are expected to feature in Netanyahu s address to the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 19.        ",1
20422,More Germans detained in Turkey: German foreign ministry,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Another German couple is believed to have been detained in Turkey this weekend and one of the individuals remains in police custody, while the other has been barred from leaving the country, a German foreign ministry spokesman said on Monday. Spokesman Martin Schaefer told a news conference that Germany had no official information on the arrests that occurred on Sunday in Istanbul, but said the random nature of continued detentions by Ankara was cause for  the utmost concern .  The nightmare continues that is facing so many German citizens who wanted to do nothing but spend their vacation in Turkey,  said Schaefer.  It can hit anyone who thinks about entering Turkey. One doesn t believe oneself to be in danger, but suddenly one is in a Turkish prison.  Schaefer said those traveling to Turkey should be aware of the potential dangers, but said Berlin had no immediate plans to issue a formal travel warning.  We will not be drawn into using travel guidance in a political manner,  Schaefer said, adding that continued random arrests by Turkey of German citizens could force Berlin to issue such a warning. That would put Turkey on a par with Libya, Yemen or Syria, he added. The foreign ministry has urged German citizens since July 26 to exercise caution when traveling to Turkey. Before Monday s news of additional arrests, 10 Germans were in detention in Turkey, including German-Turkish journalist Deniz Yucel, who has been held for over 200 days. Schaefer downplayed the relevance of Turkey s warning on Saturday that its citizens should take care when traveling to Germany, saying the warning had  nothing to do with the reality  of 80 million German citizens and ethnic Turks living here. EU Commissioner Guenther Oettinger, in separate remarks, rejected calls for breaking off discussions with Ankara about its accession to the European Union, saying such a move would only strengthen President Tayyip Erdogan, who is under fire from Brussels over his crackdown on opponents after a failed coup. Last week German Chancellor Angela Merkel, expected to win a fourth term in the Sept. 24 election, infuriated Erdogan s government when she called for a formal halt to Turkey s stalled EU accession talks. Later she conceded that such a move would have to be decided unanimously by the EU. Tensions between Berlin and Ankara have been running high for more than a year, fueled in part by conflicts over lawmaker visits to German troops stationed in Turkey and Ankara s crackdown on alleged supporters of last year s coup. ",1
20423,Caribbean faces hard road to recovery after Irma's ravages,"VARADERO, Cuba (Reuters) - From Cuba to Antigua, Caribbean islanders began counting the cost of Hurricane Irma on Sunday after the brutal storm left a trail of death, destruction and chaos from which the tourist-dependent region could take years to recover. The Category 5 storm, which killed at least 28 people across the region, devastated housing, power supplies and communications, leaving some small islands almost cut off from the world. European nations sent military reinforcements to keep order amid looting, while the damage was expected to total billions of dollars. Ex-pat billionaires and poor islanders alike were forced to take cover as Irma tore roofs off buildings, flipped cars and killed livestock, raging from the Leeward Islands across Puerto Rico and Hispaniola then into Cuba before turning on Florida. Waves of up to 36 feet (11 meters) smashed businesses along the Cuban capital Havana s sea-side drive on Sunday morning. Further east, high winds whipped Varadero, the island s most important tourist resort.  It s a complete disaster and it will take a great deal of work to get Varadero back on its feet,  said Osmel de Armas, 53, an aquatic photographer who works on the beach at the battered resort.  Sea-front hotels were evacuated in Havana and relief workers spent the night rescuing people from homes in the city center as the sea penetrated to historic depths in the flood-prone area. U.S President Donald Trump issued a disaster declaration on Sunday for Puerto Rico, where Irma killed at least 3 people and left hundreds of thousands without electricity. Trump also expanded federal funds available to the U.S. Virgin Islands, which suffered extensive damage to homes and infrastructure. Further east in the Caribbean, battered islands such as St. Martin and Barbuda were taking stock of the damage as people began emerging from shelters to scenes of devastation. Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said the death toll on the Dutch part of St. Martin had doubled to four, and that 70 percent of homes had been damaged or destroyed. Following reports of looting, the Netherlands said it would increase its military presence on the island to 550 soldiers by Monday. Rutte said that to ensure order, security forces were authorized to act with a  firm hand . Alex Martinez, 31, a native of Florida who was vacationing on the Dutch side of St. Martin when Irma hit the island in the early hours of Wednesday, vividly described how his hotel was gutted by the storm, turning it into a debris-strewn tip. Doors were torn from hinges, windows shattered, cars lifted off the ground and furniture blown through the rooms after Irma hit the building with a burst of pressure that was  like you were getting sucked out of an aeroplane,  he said. Martinez, his wife and two others barricaded themselves in their bathroom, pushing with all their might to secure the door as Irma battered it with winds of up to 185 mph (300 km/h).  That s when we thought,  that was it ,  he said.  I honestly, swear to God, thought we were going to die at that point in time. Everything continued for maybe 20, 30 minutes; my wife s there, she s praying, praying, praying, praying, and things just kinda calmed down. I guess that s when the eye (of the storm came).  Staff deserted the hotel to look after their families and Martinez and a few others had to scavenge for food and water for three days until they were airlifted out on Saturday, he said. Dutch authorities are evacuating other tourists and injured people to Curacao, where Dutch King Willem-Alexander and Interior Minister Ronald Plasterk were expected to arrive today. France, which oversees neighboring Saint Barthelemy and the other half of St Martin, said the police presence on the two islands had been boosted to close to 500. The French interior ministry said 11 people suspected of  malicious actions  had been arrested since Friday as television footage showed scenes of chaos on the islands, with streets under water, boats and cars tossed into piles and torn rooftops. Irma killed at least 10 people on the two islands, the French government said. France s Caisse Centrale de Reassurance, a state-owned reinsurance group, estimated the cost of Irma at some 1.2 billion euros ($1.44 billion). French President Emmanuel Macron was due to visit St. Martin on Tuesday. Barbuda, home to some 1,800 inhabitants, faces a reconstruction bill that could total hundreds of millions of dollars, state officials say, after Irma steamrolled the island. The prime minister of Antigua and Barbuda, Gaston Browne, said Irma had wreaked  absolute devastation  on Barbuda, which he described as  barely habitable  after 90 percent of cars and buildings had been damaged. The government ordered a total evacuation when a second hurricane, Jose, emerged, but a handful of people refused to leave their homes, including  a gentleman (who) said he was living in a cave , said Garfield Burford, director of news at government-owned broadcaster ABS TV and Radio in Antigua and Barbuda. Irma also plunged the British Virgin Islands, an offshore business and legal center, into turmoil. Yachts were piled on top of each other in the harbor and many houses in the hillside capital of Road Town on the main island of Tortola were badly damaged. Both there and in Anguilla to the east, residents complained help from the British government was too slow in coming, prompting a defensive response from London.  We weren t late,  Defence Secretary Michael Fallon told BBC television on Sunday, saying Britain had  pre-positioned  an aid ship for the Caribbean hurricane season and that his government s response  has been as good as anybody else s.  British billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson, who sought refuge in the wine cellar of his home on Necker island, called Irma the  storm of the century  on Twitter and urged people to make donations to help rebuild the region. ",1
20424,U.N. rights boss urges U.S. Congress to give 'Dreamers' legal status,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The top U.N. human rights official voiced concern on Monday at the Trump administration s decision to end the DACA program for immigrants who arrived illegally as children and urged the U.S. Congress to give them lasting legal status in the country. Referring to a move to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program in six months, affecting nearly 800,000 young migrants known as  Dreamers , Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein told the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva:    I hope Congress will now act to provide former DACA beneficiaries with durable legal status. I am disturbed by the increase in detentions and deportations of well-established and law-abiding immigrants.  ",1
20425,Mexico foreign minister heads to U.S. to meet with Dreamers,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray will travel to the United States this week to meet with local leaders and beneficiaries of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, the ministry said on Monday.  Videgaray will travel to Sacramento and Los Angeles on Sept. 11-12 and then to Washington D.C. on Sept. 13, the ministry said in a statement. Videgaray will meet with California Gov. Jerry Brown as well as other officials, the statement said.  ",1
20426,Germany's Greens want power plants shut as price of coalition,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Greens said on Monday that closing the country s 20 dirtiest coal-fired power stations would be a key condition of any coalition with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives after this month s election. Greens co-leader Cem Ozdemir said he wanted to anchor the fight against climate change as the core  philosophy  of the next government, particularly given the backdrop of recent severe weather - from flooding in Germany to drought in southern Europe.  It is almost as if nature is trying to speak to us,  Ozdemir told journalists on a solar-powered boat anchored in Berlin, which the Greens planned to sail past Merkel s office later in the day. Polls show Merkel s conservatives are likely to win the  Sept. 24 election with around 38 percent of the vote but will need a coalition partner to govern, with options including a  Jamaica coalition  of the conservatives, the Greens and the liberal FDP. The Greens, however, have raised doubts about the viability of such an alliance, as they would be reluctant to work with the FDP. Ozdemir highlighted the gulf between these two parties, noting that a leading member of the FDP had branded links between recent extreme weather events and climate change as  fake news .   We will talk to everybody but not about everything,  Ozdemir said of potential coalition negotiations. Support for the Greens is on 8 percent in the latest polls  but a Forsa survey showed half of Germans would welcome the Greens being part of the new government. A study last week showed that Germany is set to miss its goal to cut carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions by a far wider margin than previously thought.  Instead of being world champions in climate protection, we are world champions in lignite coal,  Ozdemir said, noting that Germany s CO2 emissions have been rising for eight years. Once dubbed the  climate chancellor  for pushing other wealthy nations to address climate change, Merkel has come under fire for not moving Germany fast enough to cut its reliance on fossil fuels as it phases out nuclear power.  Merkel has suggested that Germany should eventually consider phasing out lignate coal power plants to help it cut CO2 emissions, but she is treading carefully as the move could hit tens of thousands of jobs. Ozdemir said the Greens would demand that any government it joins must allot 1 billion euros ($1.2 bln) a year to improve public transport and cycle paths, and should push for improved CO2 emissions trading at a European level.  ($1 = 0.8335 euros) ",1
20427,"FPL shuts one reactor in Florida, reduces power at another after Irma","(Reuters) - Florida Power & Light shut Unit 4 at the Turkey Point nuclear power station in Florida Sunday night due to a likely valve issue, and is reducing power at Unit 1 at the St Lucie power plant due to salt build up in the switchyard, a spokesman at the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission said Monday. He could not say whether the Turkey Point 4 outage was related to Hurricane Irma, which battered Florida over the weekend, and he could not say whether FPC planned to shut or just reduce St Lucie 1. ",1
20428,"Merkel in diplomatic push on North Korea, to speak with Putin: spokesman","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel will speak with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of high-level talks aimed at increasing pressure on North Korea over its nuclear program, her spokesman said on Monday. Berlin remains ready to support discussions about ways to find a peaceful solution to the crisis, spokesman Steffen Seibert told a regular government news conference, noting that Germany is one of few countries with diplomatic ties with Pyongyang.  That is why we have offered to be helpful in the search for new ways to de-escalate the situation,  he said, hours before the U.N. Security Council was due to vote on a U.S.-drafted resolution that would impose new sanctions on Pyongyang.  The only conceivable solution is a peaceful and diplomatic one. But to achieve such a solution, the pressure on North Korea must be increased.  Merkel has already discussed the issue with U.S. President Donald Trump, French President Emmanuel Macron, South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and also planned a telephone call with Putin, he said. North Korea was condemned globally for conducting its sixth nuclear test on Sept 3, which it said was of an advanced hydrogen bomb. Merkel told the Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper on Sunday she was ready to become involved in a diplomatic initiative to end the North Korean nuclear and missiles program, and suggested the Iran nuclear talks could be a model. Germany and the five countries on the United Nations Security Council with veto power took part in talks that led to Iran agreeing a landmark deal in 2015 to curb its nuclear work in return for the lifting of most economic sanctions. Seibert said there had been no concrete request for Germany s help in initiating discussions over the North Korean crisis. Merkel, one of the world s longest serving democratic leaders, is expected to win a fourth term in office in a Sept. 24 vote, with polls giving her conservatives a double-digit lead over their main center-left rivals. Merkel is widely seen in Germany as a safe pair of hands at a time of global uncertainty such as the North Korea crisis, Britain s looming departure from the European Union and Donald Trump s presidency in the United States. ",1
20429,"Venezuela defends rights record at U.N., says opposition 'back on path of rule of law'","GENEVA (Reuters) - Venezuela s foreign minister defended his country s record on Monday, rejecting as  baseless  reports by the United Nations human rights office that found grave violations by its security forces against protesters. Earlier, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein warned that the government of President Nicolas Maduro may move to further crush democratic institutions and that crimes against humanity may have already been committed by his security forces.  The opposition in Venezuela is back on the path of rule of law and democracy, we will see dialogue emerging thanks to the mediation of our friends,  Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza said to applause at the U.N. Human Rights Council, where Venezuela is one of 47 members. (This story corrects quote in 3rd paragraph following U.N. interpretation error) ",1
20430,Thai junta tells Japan investors $45-billion development plan to go ahead,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - A $45-billion plan to redevelop Thailand s industrial east will go ahead regardless of whoever takes power after elections, the military government told hundreds of Japanese investors on Monday. The ruling junta, faced with weak exports and sluggish domestic demand, has focused on promoting investment to help revive growth in Southeast Asia s second-largest economy, which lags regional peers. The military government hopes the Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC) development project, worth 1.5 trillion baht ($45 billion), will lift growth to about 5 percent a year by 2020, from the latest government estimate of 3.5 for 2017.  Regardless of which government is in office, or when the election will be held, the EEC plan will continue, with certainty,  Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha told a gathering of 570 investors flown in from Japan.   It is law, an act embedded within the 20-year national strategy, and supported by the national development plans.  The junta has branded its 20-year strategy a guide for policymaking long after elections expected next year, at the earliest. The strategy has fueled concern among critics that the army plans to cement its grip on power, whoever wins an election. Japan was Thailand s biggest investor in 2016 with more than 57 billion baht ($1.7 billion), most of it going into the automobile industry. Thailand, known as the  Detroit of Asia,  is a regional base for some of the world s top carmakers, such as Toyota Motor Co. The government now wants to establish its own equivalent of Silicon Valley in the EEC.   The digital innovation created there can go into supporting the automotive industry,  Pichet Durongkaveroj, the Minister of Digital Economy, told Reuters.  We aim to be a manufacturing hub for electric vehicles.  ",1
20431,Roma seek luck and love at Catholic shrine in Hungary,"CSATKA, Hungary (Reuters) - Thousands of Roma from Hungary and beyond flock every year to a shrine to the Virgin Mary in a chapel among undulating hills, to pray for good health, happiness and luck in love. Some actually find love there, like Adam Vidak and his wife Nikoletta who met at the huge party after the holy mass last year and have now returned. They want their newborn to be christened at the shrine, where the main Roma mass this year took place on Saturday.  We met each other on Facebook and arranged a date here, we came, we liked each other, then we got in the car and off we went,  said Vidak, 22, as 20-year old Nikoletta cradled the baby boy in her arms.  The next day we called her parents, told them we were together and shortly afterwards we had our wedding.  Hungary has an estimated 700,000 Roma, one of the largest Roma minorities in Central Europe. Most of them live in poverty. The Roman Catholic chapel in Csatka, around 120 km (75 miles) west of Budapest, is their main place of pilgrimage, but many non-Roma Hungarians also come to pray.  Roma families come carrying big candles and statues of the Virgin Mary, and draw water from the sacred spring next to the chapel which is believed to have magic healing powers. Some arrive in traditional outfits, like Zoltan Sztojka, 42, who wears a yellow silk shirt and a black vest embroidered richly in gold. He came with more than 40 family members from Soltvadkert, eastern Hungary.  Roma have been coming here for 150-200 years, so we have to be here. Everybody comes to lay down our sins, pray for luck, strength and health,  he says, showing an enormous silver ring with a finely engraved horse, the coat of arms of his family.  The chapel was built in 1862, and at that time a hermit lived at the site. Even under Hungary s four decades of communist rule from 1949, Roma came here in horse-drawn carts. Now there is a huge parking lot for cars and caravans, as some people camp out over the weekend. On the hill, a large family have set up camp, and are cooking tripe stew over a campfire. As a child, Sandor Jakab, 60, used to come here by cart with his parents. Now he brings his family for three days each year from the village of Erd.  We have our fridge and freezer here, full of meat and drinks,  he says. Is it true that many Roma families seek wives and husbands for their children during the pilgrimage? Jakab replies with his brother-in-law standing next to him.  Now let s say, for example, suppose the two of us know each other, then we would have a few drinks, and he has a daughter and I have a son....then we would chat and I would ask whether I can go to you to see your daughter (as a potential bride).  He says promises made at Csatka are carved in stone. But he does not agree with the huge party, loud music and dance that follows the prayers on the hillside.  My family does not go there... We pray and spend time together. This music is not for this place,  he says. ",1
20432,"Focus on search and rescue, restoring power after Irma: U.S. official","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal officials were focused on Monday on search and rescue operations and restoring power to millions of people after Hurricane Irma tore across the Florida Keys before moving north up the state with high winds and heavy rains, the acting Homeland Security secretary said. Acting DHS Secretary Elaine Duke told CNN 200,000 people remained in shelters and more than 5 million were without power, but the top priority was search and rescue as daylight revealed the damage from the storm overnight.  Today will be our first time to get a glimpse of it. We do have flying weather and as the sun rises we ll be able to take a look at the Keys especially where we have the most area of concern,  she said. ",1
20433,Pro-independence from China posters appearing on Hong Kong campuses stoke new tension,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Thirteen Hong Kong universities and academic institutions accused the Chinese-ruled city s leader of undermining freedom of expression amid a row over pro-independence banners appearing on campuses. Hong Kong, a former British colony that returned to China in 1997, is guaranteed freedoms and a high degree of autonomy under a  one country, two systems  arrangement, including freedom of expression. At the start of the academic year, banners advocating independence from China appeared on noticeboards in at least seven universities. Some large black banners were hung across buildings. Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam criticized the posters as a violation of China s sovereignty, while urging university administrators to take  appropriate action . Some colleges, including the prestigious Chinese University, described the posters as unconstitutional, but allowed some to remain. But late on Sunday, the 13 institutions issued a statement titled  Arming ourselves in our darkest hour , criticizing Lam and university authorities for  an explicit effort to limit our freedom of expression .  Student unions stress that everyone enjoys the freedom of speech, and this is the line that we shall never compromise ... we are ready to defend our rights and liberty,  it read. Some observers said the controversy could be used to justify another squeeze on the city s freedoms, soon after several young pro-democracy leaders were jailed for helping lead the city s massive  Occupy  pro-democracy civil disobedience movement in late 2014.   The row has also stoked tension between local and mainland students, who now comprise a sizeable part of university admissions, especially in post-graduate studies. Calls for independence, once rare in the financial hub, began to gain traction after the 2014 protests and as disillusionment grew toward China s perceived tightening grip. Late last year, two pro-independence lawmakers were disqualified from office after Beijing s parliament ruled their oath-taking carried digs at China.  Beijing resolutely opposes talk of Hong Kong splitting from China, with the mini-constitution stating the city is an  inalienable  part of the country. The so-called Basic Law also enshrines freedom of expression. Groups of students from both sides have faced off on several occasions, with mainland students putting up anti-independence posters, condemning calls for independence.  One female student from China was filmed and challenged for tearing down some of the pro-independence banners.  If you re talking about democracy, you can put them up (the banners) and I can pull (them) down,  she said in the video.  An official blog run by China s state mouthpiece, the People s Daily, on Sunday published a long editorial saying there were limits to freedom of expression and that Hong Kong laws on public order could be used to jail trouble makers.  It is quite apparent that Beijing and the Hong Kong government would like to use this excuse to impose a political crackdown,  said political commentator Joseph Cheng.  Certainly the pro-Beijing establishment has been asking for rapid legislation of the controversial Article 23 legislation,  Cheng added, referring to proposed national security laws that would criminalize perceived acts of sedition. ",1
20434,Crimean Tatar leader jailed for stirring anti-Russia protests,"SIMFEROPOL, Crimea (Reuters) - A man who led protests against Russia s plans to annex Crimea from Ukraine was jailed for eight years in the disputed territory on Monday - a move Ukraine s president called an act of Russian repression. Crimean Tatar leader Ahtem Chiygoz was found guilty of stirring up mass disorder by calling street demonstrations in February 2014 against a referendum which later sealed Russia s seizure of the peninsula. Prosecutors at the court in Simferopol - the capital of Russian-controlled Crimea - said two people died in the unrest. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said the jailing of Chiygoz added to the case against Russia which had already been  recognized as an occupier at the highest international level.   One can unlawfully confine someone s freedom, but it s impossible to break the will! You may occupy foreign land, but it will burn under your feet,  Poroshenko said on Twitter. There was no immediate comment from Russian authorities. Chiygoz was deputy head of the Mejlis representative body of Crimean Tatars which also condemned Monday s ruling. Mejlis head Refat Chubarov, who fled Crimea after its annexation, called the sentence  a new attempt to intimidate Crimean Tatars and suppress their will . The Crimean Tatars are a largely Sunni Muslim group who suffered mass deportation under Soviet dictator Josef Stalin in 1944 and make up more than 12 percent of Crimea s largely ethnic Russian population of about 2 million. Many of them were among the strongest critics of Moscow s March 2014 annexation of Crimea, which has drawn sanctions on Russia from the United States and Europe.  Kiev and its Western allies say the seizure was illegal. But Russian President Vladimir Putin justified it, saying he needed to protect its overwhelmingly pro-Moscow population from Ukrainian nationalists.  Chubarov said lawyers would launch an appeal with the Supreme Court of Russia  as the nation that occupied Crimea .  One can already forecast its decision - it will support the decision by Crimea s illegal supreme court. Accordingly, our next step will be the European Court of Human Rights,  he added. Chiygoz s lawyer Nikolai Polozov told Reuters Television the sentence was unlawful, as Chiygoz was a citizen of Ukraine, where the criminal code did not contain such an offense. His team would seek Chiygoz s extradition to Ukraine, he added.  ",1
20435,"Philippines seeks big cut in drug rehab budget, stoking lawmakers' concern","MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines plans a cut of 75 percent in spending next year on drug rehabilitation facilities, while at the same time seeking a massive hike in funding for a war on drugs that has killed thousands, fuelling concerns among lawmakers.  The government has rejected criticism that it lacked the commitment to rehabilitate drug users, saying it has attracted financing and is building treatment facilities, but had underestimated the scale of addiction.   More than 3,800 people, most of them drugs suspects, have died in police operations in the drug war unleashed by President Rodrigo Duterte in July last year. Police deny they were executing suspects, saying those killed had violently resisted arrest. Senator Ralph Recto, who has questioned the government s anti-drugs budget, said he would scrutinize its proposal to cut expenditure on drug rehabilitation centers by 2.3 billion pesos ($45.23 million), compared to this year. The government has asked Congress for an increase of more than 40 times in next year s police budget for anti-drugs operations next year.  I will discuss these issues when the budget is formally presented,  Recto told Reuters in a text message. The lack of rehabilitation centers would cripple the  declared government policy  to wean substance abusers off drugs, Recto said in a statement over the weekend.     In August, Health Secretary Paulyn Ubial said eight drug rehabilitation centers would be built across the Philippines, funded by private firms, including conglomerate San Miguel Corp and property firm Megaworld. Last year, Manila opened what it called a  mega  drug rehabilitation facility to treat up to 10,000 patients and funded by a Chinese tycoon.  The Department of Health submitted a budget of 759.6 million pesos for state-managed rehabilitation facilities under the government s proposed 2018 spending plan, significantly less than this year s budget of 3.08 billion pesos. Methamphetamine use for a year or more would shrink the brain of a person, Duterte said in a speech in August last year, adding,  Therefore he is no longer viable for rehabilitation.  He estimated there are already more than 3 million Philippine drug users in a country of more than 100 million people.  The government s 13 drug abuse treatment and rehab facilities treated 14,733 out-patients in 2016, up more than three times from the previous year, and close to 30,000 in- patients, up four percent over 2015, the health department says.   Duterte has said the drugs war will continue and would be  unremitting as it will be unrelenting . ",1
20436,"Factbox: Humanitarian crisis in Bangladesh as 313,000 Rohingyas flee Myanmar","(Reuters) - At least 313,000 Rohingya refugees have fled Myanmar in the past two weeks and sought shelter in Bangladesh, a Inter Sector Coordination Group (ISCG) report released on Monday stated.  At least 400,000 hungry and traumatized refugees have sought refuge in Bangladesh since October 2016. The exodus has put pressure on aid agencies and communities, which were already helping hundreds of thousands of refugees from previous violent episodes in Myanmar. Following are a few details gathered from United Nations  sources working in Cox s Bazar district of Bangladesh, situated on the Myanmar border. - The refugee influx on Sunday was observed to be lower compared with other days.  - The district administration conducted a site visit to discuss the allocation of 1,500 acres of land adjacent to the Kutupalong Makeshift Settlement in order to accommodate more refugees in the Kutupalong/Balukhali area. People have already settled in some parts of this proposed land.  - According to reports, the local administration plans to start biometric registration of the new arrivals from Monday.  - At least 3,989 households were provided rice on Sunday, the second day of rice distribution.  - The majority of referred medical cases comprised lower respiratory tract infection, skin diseases and acute diarrhea.  - An estimate of 883 refugees received psychological first aid.  - Until Sunday, a total of 925 unaccompanied asylum-seeking children have been identified in registered refugee camps.     (This story corrects paragraph 2 figure of refugees since Oct. 2016)  ",1
20437,Germany investigates far-right election candidate accused of inciting hatred,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German prosecutors have launched an investigation into remarks  by an election candidate for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party that Germany s integration minister should be  dumped  back to Turkey, her parents  country of origin. The latest polls predict the AfD will win between 8 and 11 percent of the vote in Germany s federal elections on Sept. 24, but Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose conservatives have a 13-point lead over their main rivals, the Social Democrats (SPD), has ruled out any coalition with the party. Alexander Gauland, a co-founder of the AfD who heads the party in the state of Brandenburg, made the comment during a campaign speech there. He is likely to be elected to parliament, surveys show. The AfD has never held any Bundestag seats.  Gauland later conceded that his choice of words was  a little too tough  but repeated that the minister, Aydan Ozoguz,  had no business being in Germany  after she said Germany had no culture beyond its language. Top prosecutor in the town of Muehlhausen, Ulf Walther, said he had launched the investigation after receiving multiple complaints and that he would seek to establish whether Gauland could be charged with  incitement to hatred  over his comment about Ozoguz, who was born in Germany to Turkish parents. Walther said he did not expect the investigation to be completed before the election.  Founded in 2013 as an anti-European Union party, the AfD shifted its focus after the euro zone debt crisis eased off and began to campaign against immigration, fueled by Merkel s decision in 2015 to open Germany s borders to over a million migrants, many fleeing war in the Middle East. But the party has also been hit by a string of scandals and infighting at the top.  Walther s office was able to launch the investigation because Brandenburg did not offer immunity to state legislators like other German states. But he said Gauland would be covered by federal immunity if he wins a seat in the Bundestag. In that case prosecutors would need to seek a waiver of the immunity to proceed with an investigation, he said. Gauland would also get an opportunity to offer his view on the complaints.  Officials in the southern city of Ulm are also reviewing whether AfD election posters displayed in the southern city of Ulm that repeated the call to  dump  Ozoguz constitute slander or  incitement to hatred.  ",1
20438,"Britain to lift pay cap for police, prison officers: media","LONDON (Reuters) - The British government will soften its seven-year grip on public-sector pay with police and prison officers set to get increases above a 1 percent cap, media reported. The reports suggested British Prime Minister Theresa May and her finance minister Philip Hammond want to take a cautious approach to increasing pay for public sector workers. Police account for around 5 percent of the 5.1 million public sector workers in Britain and prison staff represent a smaller group. Based on calculations by the Institute of Fiscal Studies, an increase in pay for police to match Britain s current 2.6 percent inflation rate would cost about 145 million pounds ($191 million) this year, a small extra strain on the budget which is likely show a deficit of 58 billion pounds. If the government gave all public sector workers a 2.6 percent increase this year, the additional spending would rise to nearly 3 billion pounds, IFS analyst Jonathan Cribb said. News reports published late on Sunday said ministers were expected to accept recommendations for bigger pay rises this week, paving the way for similar increases for other government employees in future. The higher increases for police and prison officers are based on the recommendations of independent pay-review bodies, with recruitment and retention problems being cited in the case of prison officers, the BBC said. Asked on Monday if the public sector pay cap was still in place, the prime minister s spokesman said the pay review process was continuing. A spokeswoman for the finance ministry declined to comment on the reports. Public-sector pay was frozen for all but the lowest earners in 2010 and increases were limited to of 1 percent a year from 2013. May has been under increasing pressure from ministers and lawmakers to end the cap since her party lost its majority in parliament in elections in June. Britain s inflation rate has risen sharply since last year s Brexit vote hit the value of the pound and is likely to reach about 3 percent soon, squeezing the spending power of households. The Bank of England is watching for signs of pay growth as it considers when to raise emergency-level interest rates for the first time since the global financial crisis a decade ago.    ",1
20439,"Malay woman to be Singapore president, puts minority representation on agenda","SINGAPORE (Reuters) - There are no Muslim Malays in the top echelons of Singapore s army, and few among the senior ranks of its judiciary, but a member of its poorest ethnic minority is set to become the first woman president of the Southeast Asian city state this week. Halimah Yacob, a former speaker of parliament, will be formally named to the mostly ceremonial post on Wednesday,  media reported, after other candidates fell short of the criteria set for contesting the election. Aiming to strengthen a sense of inclusivity in the multicultural country, Singapore had decreed the presidency would be reserved for candidates from the Malay community this time. Halimah s experience as house speaker automatically qualified her under the nomination rules.  Of the four other applicants, two were not Malays and two were not given certificates of eligibility, the elections department said. The last Malay to hold the presidency was Yusof Ishak, whose image adorns the country s banknotes. Yusof was president between 1965 and 1970, the first years of Singapore s independence following a short-lived union with neighboring Malaysia, but executive power lay with Lee Kuan Yew, the country s first prime minister. The separation of Singapore from Malaysia gave ethnic Malays a clear majority in Malaysia, while ethnic Chinese formed the majority in independent Singapore. Leaders of both countries, however, recognized that peace and prosperity depended on preserving harmony between the two groups. But living in a Muslim-dominated neighborhood, with Malaysia and Indonesia next door, Singapore s leaders have long worried about the risk of conflicted loyalties among Malays.  You put in a Malay officer who s very religious and who has family ties in Malaysia in charge of a machine-gun unit, that s a very tricky business,  the late Lee Kuan Yew was widely quoted as saying in 1999. For Lee, whose son, Lee Hsien Loong, is now prime minister, the answer to social cohesion lay in creating a culture of meritocracy, rather than adopting policies of positive discrimination to boost the chances of advancement for Singapore s Malay and Indian minorities. Still, a government report published in 2013 found Malays  felt they were sometimes discriminated against and had limited prospects in some institutions, such as the armed forces.  Singapore s economic success and education policies have helped swell the ranks of middle-class Malays, but the last census in 2010 showed they lagged other ethnic groups on socio-economic measures such as household incomes and home ownership. Malays, who form just over 13 percent of Singapore s 3.9 million citizens and permanent residents, also underperform on measures such as university and secondary school education. Despite being the establishment candidate, Halimah wears a hijab, which is banned in state schools and public sector jobs that require uniforms. But she has seldom spoken publicly on the issue and there is little sign of change in official attitudes.  Farid Khan, one of the unsuccessful candidates and the chairman of marine services firm Bourbon Offshore Asia, told Reuters more Malays now hold political office, and some are making their way in the corporate world, but  there is still room for improvement.  The prospect of a Malay president is by itself unlikely to resolve concerns over under-representation, but analysts and advocates say it could help foster trust among communities.  Yet the reserved election has also injured some pride.  It cheapens the credibility of a Malay person that it requires a token election for us to be president,  said Malay comedian and television personality Hirzi Zulkiflie.  Some people intending to run are very capable.  ",1
20440,Malay set to be Singapore's first woman president: Straits Times,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A former speaker of Singapore s parliament, Halimah Yacob, was set to become the city-state s first woman president after other candidates did not qualify for the contest, the Straits Times newspaper reported on Monday.  The largely ceremonial post had been reserved this year for candidates from the ethnic Malay minority. Only Halimah was given the certificate of eligibility to contest the election by the Presidential Elections Committee, the Straits Times reported on its website. ",1
20441,"Hyundai Motor, Kia to temporarily shut down U.S. plants due to Irma","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s Hyundai Motor Co and sister car maker Kia Motors Corp said on Monday they planned to temporarily shut down plants in the United States to avoid potential damage from Hurricane Irma.  The shut down comes at a time Hyundai s U.S. sales have fallen more than the market average, and after it recently announced plans to expand its SUV lineup and launch a pickup truck in the market in an attempt to reverse the slide.  In a statement, Hyundai Motor said it would suspend operation of its Alabama plant for two days - between Monday and Wednesday - while Kia Motors will stop operation of its Georgia plant for one day - between Monday and Tuesday.  The suspension is expected to result in lost production of about 3,000 vehicles for both, the Yonhap news agency earlier said on Monday, citing a Hyundai Motor group spokesman. A Hyundai spokeswoman declined to comment on the number. Hurricane Irma took aim at heavily populated areas of central Florida on Monday as it carved a path of destruction through the state with high winds and storm surges that left millions without power, ripped roofs off homes and flooded city streets. Hyundai s U.S. sales are down nearly 11 percent this year through July 31, worse than the overall 2.9 percent decline in U.S. car and light truck sales.  Sales of the Sonata, once a pillar of Hyundai s U.S. franchise, have fallen 30 percent through the first seven months of 2017. In contrast, sales of Hyundai s current SUV lineup are up 11 percent for the first seven months of this year.  ",1
20442,U.N. rights chief urges Yemen inquiry after 'minimal' effort for justice,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations has verified 5,144 civilian deaths in the war in Yemen, mainly from air strikes by a Saudi-led coalition, and an international investigation is urgently needed, U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad al Hussein said on Monday.   The minimal efforts made toward accountability over the past year are insufficient to respond to the gravity of the continuing and daily violations involved in this conflict,  Zeid said in a speech to the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva.  The devastation of Yemen and the horrific suffering of its people will have immense and enduring repercussions across the region.   It is the third time that he has appealed for an international inquiry into human rights violations in Yemen where a two-year conflict pits the Saudi-backed Yemen government against Iran-supported Houthi rebels. Last week Zeid s office said the 47 countries on the Human Rights Council were not taking their responsibilities seriously, and urged them to probe the  entirely man-made catastrophe . The U.N. says the civil war has created the world s biggest humanitarian crisis, with the conflict compounded by an economic collapse that has pushed millions to the brink of famine. The crippling of the health and sanitation systems has enabled cholera to take hold with unprecedented speed, with about 650,000 people infected since late April, five times the global cholera caseload in 2016. During the three-week U.N. Human Rights Council session, Saudi Arabia and the Netherlands are expected to propose rival resolutions, inviting the council to continue backing Yemen s national human rights probe or to set up its own inquiry. For the past two years, Saudi Arabia has prevailed, but the situation in the country has not improved, and Zeid s office has said Yemen s national investigation is not up to the job. The draft Dutch resolution backs Zeid s position, a Western diplomat said.   The common assessment is that the situation has deteriorated. The compromise that was put in place last year hasn t delivered,  the diplomat said.  One of the resolutions will need to be dismissed.  ",1
20443,China court releases video of Taiwanese activist confessing to subversion,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A Taiwanese activist on trial in China confessed on Monday to attempting to subvert the Beijing government, according to videos of his hearing released by Chinese authorities, although his wife refused to recognize the court s authority. Lee Ming-che, a community college teacher known for his pro-democracy and rights activism, went missing on a trip to mainland China in March. China s authorities later confirmed that he was being investigated on suspicion of damaging national security. Lee said he accepted the charge of subversion and expressed regret in videos of his comments released on social media by the Yueyang City Intermediate People s Court in central Hunan province.  I spread some attacks, theories that maliciously attacked and defamed China s government, the Chinese Communist Party and China s current political system, and I incited the subversion of state power,  Lee said, referring to comments written in an instant messaging group. Taiwan s presidential office said in a news briefing on Monday afternoon that the government is engaged in an  all-out effort to assist Mr. Lee Ming-che s family.     His relief is our top priority. The position of this government has been very clear. Mr. Lee is one of our citizens,  an office spokesman said, adding:  We ll do everything in our power to ensure his safe return.  Lee stood trial alongside Chinese national Peng Yuhua, 37, who confessed to creating instant messaging groups and founding an organization that sought to promote political change in China. Lee had been involved in both, Peng said in testimony released on video by the court. Taiwanese rights activist Xiao Yiming traveled to the mainland for the trial, but said he was barred from entering the courtroom. Xiao suspected Peng was being used by authorities to help strengthen the state s case against Lee, as he was unaware of any previous connection between the two men.  Taiwan has democratic freedoms and Lee has the right to share his ideas,  Xiao told Reuters by phone, describing Lee as a  prisoner of conscience .  Lee Ching-yu, Lee s wife, attended the hearing. Before leaving for China she had asked that Lee s supporters to forgive him for anything he might say that disappoints them during the hearing. She wrote a letter to her husband on Monday morning before the trial began, photographs of which were seen by Reuters.  I do not recognize this court. I also did not hire any lawyers,  she wrote. After the hearing, she tearfully repeated her request for forgiveness and unveiled what appeared to be two new tattoos on the underside of each of her forearms that read,  Lee Ming-che  and  I am proud of you , videos sent to Reuters showed. No one answered the court phone when called by Reuters on Monday. Releasing videos and transcripts of court hearings has become increasingly common in China as part of a push for greater judicial transparency and oversight. But rights activists say that in sensitive cases holding  open  trials allows authorities to demonstrate state power and deter others, with statements and verdicts usually agreed in advance. Ties between Beijing and Taipei have been strained since President Tsai Ing-wen, leader of the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party, took office last year. Tsai s refusal to state that Taiwan and China are part of one country has angered Beijing, as have her comments about human rights on the mainland. Beijing maintains that the island of Taiwan is part of China and has never renounced the use of force to bring it under its control, while proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being governed by the Communist Party rulers in Beijing. ",1
20444,"Somali army repels al Shabaab after attack, at least 17 killed","MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Somali government forces have regained control of a town on the border with Kenya after al Shabaab militants stormed an army base there on Monday, causing heavy clashes in which at least 17 people died, the military said.  Islamist insurgents attacked the base at Balad Hawo early in the morning with a car suicide bombing before entering the compound, both sides said.  We were awoken by a suicide car bomb this morning and then fierce battle followed,  Major Mohamed Abdullahi told Reuters from the town.  We chased al Shabaab out of the town,  he said. Al Shabaab spokesman Abdiasis Abu Musab said the group s fighters left the town after releasing 35 prisoners from the local jail. At least 30 soldiers were killed, he said. According to the military official, at least 10 soldiers and seven al Shabaab militants were killed, though the death toll on both sides could still rise. Formed in 2006, Al Shabaab wants to topple the Western-backed government and impose its strict interpretation of Islam. Somalia has been at war since 1991 when clan-based warlords overthrew dictator Siad Barre and then turned on each other. Al Shabaab carry out frequent attacks on security and government targets, but also on civilians. They also target African Union peacekeeping troops.  Residents confirmed fighting had ended and that the militants had left the town.   Now Balad Hawo is calm and government forces fully control it,  Ahmed Hassan, a resident of the town told Reuters. Hassan said he saw 13 bodies collected from the military base.  ",1
20445,U.N. sees 'textbook example of ethnic cleansing' in Myanmar,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The top U.N. human rights official on Monday denounced Myanmar s  brutal security operation  against Muslim Rohingyas in Rakhine state, saying it was disproportionate to insurgent attacks carried out last month. Communal tensions appeared to be rising across Myanmar on Monday after two weeks of violence in Rakhine state that have triggered an exodus of about 300,000 Rohingya Muslims, prompting the government to tighten security at Buddhist pagodas. Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein, addressing the United Nations Human Rights Council, said that more than 270,000 people had fled to Bangladesh, with more trapped on the border, amid reports of the burning of villages and extrajudicial killings.  We have received multiple reports and satellite imagery of security forces and local militia burning Rohingya villages, and consistent accounts of extrajudicial killings, including shooting fleeing civilians,  Zeid told the Geneva forum. He cited reports that Myanmar authorities had begun to lay landmines along the border with Bangladesh and would require returnees to provide  proof of citizenship . Rohingya have been stripped of civil and political rights including citizenship rights for decades, he added.  I call on the government to end its current cruel military operation, with accountability for all violations that have occurred, and to reverse the pattern of severe and widespread discrimination against the Rohingya population,  Zeid said.  The situation seems a textbook example of ethnic cleansing.   Last year Zeid s office issued a report, based on interviews with Rohingya who fled to Bangladesh after a previous military assault, which he said on Monday had  suggested a widespread or systematic attack against the community, possibly amounting to crimes against humanity .  I deplore current measures in India to deport Rohingyas at a time of such violence against them in their country,  Zeid said, noting that some 40,000 Rohingyas had settled in India, including 16,000 who have received refugee documentation.  Noting India s obligations under international law, he said:  India cannot carry out collective expulsions, or return people to a place where they risk torture or other serious violations.  ",1
20446,Philippines says some rebels ready to surrender as troops advance in Marawi,"MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - Some Islamic State-linked militants besieging the southern Philippines city of Marawi have sent  feelers  they are prepared to surrender after three and a half months of fighting, the military said on Monday. Philippine forces have used loudspeakers urging militants to give themselves up, telling the estimated 50 to 60 fighters left in the city their lives would be spared if they disarm, change out of their black clothes and walk to a designated location.  Hopefully, we will have surrenders within the next days,  spokesman Colonel Romeo Brawner told a news conference.  There are feelers. Definitely, there are feelers,  he added, declining to elaborate. The surrender offer came after a renewed, if short-lived, effort by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to start back-channel talks with militants, with a former Marawi mayor Omar Solitario Ali to have acted as an intermediary. Duterte on Saturday ruled out the possibility of allowing rebels to flee in exchange for the release of dozens of hostages. Two troops were killed at the weekend, taking to 147 the number of security forces killed in the Marawi conflict. Some 655 militants and 45 civilians have been killed, according to the army. Troops were engaged in running battles with the militant alliance, led by Abdullah and Omarkhayam Maute of the Maute group, and Isnilon Hapilon, a factional head of the Abu Sayyaf group, and Islamic State s so-called  emir  in Southeast Asia. More than 20 structures were captured, many laden with booby traps. Some were commercial high-rise buildings that have been used as sniper positions to thwart government forces. Brawner described the operations as  a big accomplishment considering the enemy established very strong defensive positions . While some areas of Marawi are seeing citizens return and shops and schools re-open, most of the city remains deserted. Its center is a wasteland, pummeled by daily air strikes and ground battles. The resistance of the militants has frustrated the more than 400,000 residents displaced from the area and raised questions about how relatively few Islamists took control of the lakeside town and held significant parts of it.  We are receiving a lot of questions: why is it taking too long for the government to recover this area?  said Brawner.  It is really difficult to do urban fighting.  The United States has been giving technical and logistics support to the Philippine military and on Monday announced it had deployed a Gray Eagle unmanned surveillance aircraft over Marawi. Australia has also provided two P3-Orion surveillance planes and last week announced it would send more defense personnel to train Philippine troops.  For a graphic on how main Islamic militant groups in Mindanao evolved, click: here For a graphic on Islamic militant strongholds in Mindanao, click: here ",1
20447,Lebanon to complain to U.N. over Israel violating airspace,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon will file a complaint to the United Nations against Israel for violating the country s airspace and causing damage by breaking the sound barrier in the south of the country, its foreign minister said on Monday.  Israeli jets flew low over the southern city of Saida on Sunday, causing sonic booms that broke windows and shook buildings for the first time in years, Lebanese security sources and residents said.      We have started preparing to file a complaint to the (U.N.) Security Council against Israel for flying its planes at low altitude... causing material, moral and sovereign damage,  Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil said in a tweet.      Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said Lebanon would issue its complaint  against Israel for planting spy devices on Lebanese land and continuously breaching  its airspace, his office said.  Israeli warplanes regularly enter Lebanon s airspace, the Lebanese army says, but rarely fly so low. The Israeli military gave no immediate comment. Tensions have risen recently between Lebanon s Hezbollah and Israel, which fought a month-long war in 2006.      The 2006 war killed around 1,200 people in Lebanon, mostly civilians, and 160 Israelis, most of them troops. Israel has targeted Iran-backed Hezbollah inside Syria in recent years, including military leaders in several deadly strikes, but there has been no major direct confrontation. ",1
20448,"After Irma, tourists party and Cubans take a dip in flooded streets","VARADERO, Cuba (Reuters) - In the wake of Hurricane Irma, foreign tourists partied in the coastal resort of Varadero and some Cubans swam in the flooded streets of central Havana, both glad that the deadly storm s damage to the island of 11 million people had not been worse. British visitor Josephine Breslin, 49, spent the night on an inflatable bed in a hotel bathroom when Irma s 120 mph (195 km) winds walloped Cuba s top beach destination, but after helping sweep up on Sunday morning, she felt ready to start relaxing.   I think the atmosphere now is relief, knowing it is past and the building is still there and everyone is OK,  said the British woman, wearing a colorful pareo over her swimsuit.   You can feel people are settling down, the winds are going, the sun is coming out, its business as usual, Cuban rum   yes please!  she said. Irma was packing 160 mph (260 kph) winds when it made landfall in Cuba, the first storm of that power to reach the island since 1932, and it caused major damage to tourist infrastructure including an international airport on the sandy keys popular with Europeans and Canadians. It tore off roofs and downed electricity poles throughout the country before turning northwards and plowing through Florida on Sunday. But even with the power out across most of the country of 11.2 million people, the damage to inland Cuba appeared less than devastation wrought on smaller Caribbean islands. Winds had slowed a little by the time Irma reached Varadero. The storm, which killed at least 28 people in the Caribbean and at least one man in Florida, did not lead to reported fatalities in Cuba, which carried out a major evacuation effort prior to the storm. Havana was spared a direct hit but locals in the poor central district of the colonial city close to the seafront were dealing with waterlogged homes and possessions after 36 foot (11 meter) waves breached the city s curving sea wall, turning roads into canals.  Some let off steam on Sunday by diving into deeply flooded streets, paddling on wooden boards, or wading to stores for rum through the waist-deep water.  In the Barcelo hotel, Breslin was full of praise for the Cubans who evacuated them on buses along with thousands of others from the keys before Irma, and for the hotel staff who brought sandwiches to her room during the hurricane.  Earlier in the day, the mainly British guests on inclusive package tours with operator Thomas Cook had cleaned up the pool, put sunbeds back in their place and helped workers clear away the fallen trees and branches, everyone mucking in.  In the afternoon, guests milled around the lobby area, drinking from plastic cups, where the reggaeton summer hit Despacito blasted out of loudspeakers and hotel staff geared up to provide an evening of entertainment including salsa dancing.   We put the music on to bring stress levels down and so the clients feel better,  said Juan Carlos Varcas, 30, a Cuban salsa teacher at the hotel.  Another British tourist, Dave Kelsey, said he was winding down after spending part of the night huddled in a bathtub as winds howled through the hotel, flinging sunbeds far away, tearing up palm trees and flooding rooms.  After a few drinks, Kelsey was horsing around with a friend, both wearing random items of women s clothing and about to jump into the swimming pool. Other guests egged them on.  While it will take much of Cuba s tourism industry weeks, if not months to recover from the hurricane, guests at the Barcelo said they would not be deterred from returning to the Caribbean s largest island.  Don t get me wrong, my children don t want me to come back - they have been worried sick,  said Breslin, who has visited Cuba each of the past four years.  But I will come back to Cuba ... because the Cuban people are lovely.  ",1
20449,China says diplomacy needed to rid Korean peninsula of nuclear weapons,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Denuclearization of the Korean peninsula should be achieved through peaceful and diplomatic means, China s foreign ministry said on Monday, as the United Nations discusses fresh sanctions against North Korea following its latest nuclear test. At a regular news briefing, ministry spokesman Geng Shuang reiterated China s call for more steps by the U.N. Security Council, saying he hoped its members could reach consensus. A U.S.-drafted resolution originally called for an oil embargo on the North, a halt to key textile exports and financial and travel bans on leader Kim Jong Un, but appears to have been watered down, according to a draft seen by Reuters.     North Korea drew global condemnation for conducting its sixth nuclear test on Sept 3, which it said was of an advanced hydrogen bomb. ",1
20450,Gunmen kill four  in sectarian attack in Pakistan,"QUETTA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Gunmen in southwestern Pakistan killed four members of a Shi ite Muslim Hazara family, including a 12-year-old boy, on Sunday, in the latest sectarian attack on the minority community, a senior police official said.  Two men on a motorcycle opened fire on a family of eight while they at a filling station some 30 kilometres (19 miles) north of Quetta, the capital of Pakistan s Baluchistan province. Aside from those killed, two others were wounded. Two  female members of the family were unscathed, having remained in their vehicle.  This was a sectarian attack,  senior police officer Tanveer Shah told Reuters, adding that no group has claimed responsibility for the shooting. Hazaras are frequently targeted by Taliban and Islamic State militants, and other Sunni Muslim militant groups in both Pakistan and Afghanistan.  Many Hazaras fled to Pakistan during decades of conflict in neighboring Afghanistan, and nearly half a million now live in and around Quetta. In 2013, three separate bombings killed over 200 people in Hazara neighborhoods, raising international awareness of the plight of the community. More than 20 Hazaras have been killed in similar shootings in Baluchistan in the past two years, police say.  The ongoing violence in the province has fueled concern about security for projects in the $57-billion China Pakistan Economic Corridor, a transport and energy link planned to run from western China to Pakistan s southern deep-water port of Gwadar. ",1
20451,South Korean foreign minister says North Korea on 'reckless path',"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha said on Monday North Korea is on a  reckless path  with its continued nuclear and missile provocations in defiance of international condemnation.  The price of its continued provocations in blatant disregard of the peace-loving members of the international community will be instability and economic hardship,  Kang told a news conference. Her comments come hours before the U.N. Security Council was to vote on fresh a U.S.-drafted resolution imposing new sanctions to pressure North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs. ",1
20452,South Korean foreign minister says North Korea on 'reckless path',"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha said on Monday North Korea is on a  reckless path  with its continued nuclear and missile provocations in defiance of international condemnation.  The price of its continued provocations in blatant disregard of the peace-loving members of the international community will be instability and economic hardship,  Kang told a news conference. Her comments come hours before the U.N. Security Council was to vote on fresh a U.S.-drafted resolution imposing new sanctions to pressure North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs. ",1
20453,Israel's Netanyahu says will meet Trump in New York next week," (Story corrects date of Netanyahu s U.N. address in first paragraph) By Ori Lewis JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Sunday he would meet U.S. President Donald Trump later this month during a visit to New York, where he will address the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 19. Netanyahu spoke to reporters accompanying him on a trip to Latin America before his plane left Tel Aviv for Argentina on Sunday night. He will also visit Colombia and Mexico before heading to New York. In Washington, the White House did not initially respond to a request for a comment on a meeting between the two leaders.   From Mexico I will go to New York to speak at the United Nations General Assembly and there I will meet my friend, President Donald Trump,  Netanyahu said. He added best wishes  to all our friends in the U.S. to overcome these difficult hours (during Hurricane Irma).  Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is also set to address  at the U.N. General Assembly but there has been no word of a possible meeting between him and Netanyahu. Netanyahu said he was the first incumbent Israeli prime minister to visit South America and termed his visit as  historic . The trip comes as Netanyahu is under investigation in two corruption cases. One of those, known as Case 1000, involves gifts that the prime minister and his family may have received from businessmen, while Case 2000 deals with alleged efforts by him to secure better coverage from an Israeli newspaper publisher. Netanyahu, who has been prime minister for 11 years over four terms, has denied any wrongdoing. Netanyahu leads a relatively stable coalition government and presides over a buoyant economy. His conservative Likud party has rallied behind him in the absence of clear rivals for the leadership, rebuffing calls for his departure from the center-left opposition. On Friday, Netanyahu s wife, Sara, who is accompanying him on the trip was notified that Israel s attorney general is considering indicting her on suspicion of using state funds for personal dining and catering services totaling some $100,000. A post on the prime minister s Facebook page published last week said the claims against her were  absurd and will be proven to be unfounded . Sara Netanyahu also spoke before departure and thanked the  many, many, many thousands of Israeli citizens and people around the world who support and help me.  ",1
20454,"Thousands of homes wrecked by huge Mexican quake, death toll at 91","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A massive earthquake off southern Mexico on Thursday night that killed at least 91 people damaged tens of thousands of homes and afflicted upwards of two million people in the poorer south, state officials said, as more details of the disaster emerged. The 8.1 magnitude quake off the coast of Chiapas state was stronger than a 1985 temblor that flattened swaths of Mexico City and killed thousands. However, its greater depth and distance helped save the capital from more serious damage. On Saturday, authorities in the southern state of Oaxaca said there were 71 confirmed fatalities there, many of them in the town of Juchitan, where the rush to bury victims crowded a local cemetery at the weekend. Another death was confirmed in neighboring Chiapas late on Sunday, bringing the total there to 16, a spokesman for local emergency services said. A further four deaths have also been registered in Tabasco state to the north. Television footage from parts of Oaxaca showed small homes and buildings completely leveled by the quake, which struck the narrowest portion of Mexico on the isthmus of Tehuantepec. Aftershocks continued into Sunday, and scores of people were wary about returning to fragile buildings hammered by the initial tremor, sleeping in gardens, patios and in the open air. Piles of rubble lay strewn around damaged streets, where the shock was still visible on the faces of residents. Oaxaca Governor Alejandro Murat told Mexican television the quake hit 41 municipalities and had likely affected around one in five of the state s 4 million-strong population.  We re talking about more than 800,000 people who potentially lost everything, and some their loved ones,  he said on Sunday. In Juchitan alone, more than 5,000 homes were destroyed. Hundreds of thousands of Mexicans were temporarily left without electricity or water, and many in the south were evacuated from coastal dwellings when the quake sparked tsunami warnings. In Chiapas, some 41,000 houses were damaged, governor Manuel Velasco said, estimating nearly 1.5 million people were affected. President Enrique Pena Nieto declared three days of national mourning and pledged to rebuild shattered towns and villages. However, some residents interviewed expressed frustration that the poor southern regions were still not getting the help they needed from the richer north and center of Mexico. ",1
20455,Powerful hurricanes to fuel demands from island nations at climate talks,"WASHINGTON/OSLO (Reuters) - Devastation from Hurricane Irma in the Caribbean will sharpen the demands from small island nations that top fossil-fuel consumers help them cope with damage attributable to climate change, according to representatives of some of those countries. That will put island nations on a collision course with the United States and other rich countries during United Nations climate talks in Bonn, Germany, in November.  The United States, under President Donald Trump, has expressed doubts about global warming and has vowed to withdraw from a global pact to fight it, while other wealthy nations have long resisted calls to pay for climate-related  loss and damage  abroad.  If ever there was a case for loss and damage, this is it,  Ronny Jumeau, U.N. ambassador from Indian Ocean island nation the Seychelles, told Reuters, referring to Irma and other recent storms. The Seychelles is a member of the U.N. negotiating bloc Alliance of Small Island States (AOSIS).  Hurricane Irma graphically shows the destructive power of climate change and underscores that loss and damage isn t some abstract concept, but the reality of life today for the people who contributed least to the problem,  said Thoriq Ibrahim, Maldives  environment minister who chairs AOSIS. Fiji Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama, whose country will host the Bonn talks Nov. 6-17, has said the issue of who pays for  loss and damage  from climate-related disasters will be a key priority at the summit. Irma barreled into Florida on Sunday, sparking one of the largest evacuations in U.S. history, after leveling Caribbean islands St. Martin, Antigua and Barbuda. Gaston Browne, prime minister of Barbuda and Antigua, said Barbuda is  barely inhabitable.  Hurricane Harvey slammed into Texas on Aug. 25, triggering record flooding that killed around 60 people and caused billions of dollars in damage. Ministers from island nations will point to the back-to-back storms to pressure negotiators at Bonn to agree to details of a mechanism for addressing loss and damage from extreme weather as well as slower changes such as sea level rises and desertification. Climate scientists have said warmer air and water resulting from climate change may have contributed to the severity of the storms. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has disputed such claims as an attempt to  politicize  natural disasters. Loss and damage has been a contentious issue in climate negotiations for years, pitting rich countries against poor. Governments first approved a U.N.  loss and damage mechanism  in Warsaw in 2013 and reaffirmed it in the 2015 Paris Agreement. But it is unclear exactly what it would cover, who would pay, and how much it would cost. Under pressure from the rich nations, the preamble of the Paris Agreement says the loss and damage mechanism  does not involve or provide a basis for any liability or compensation . Myles Allen, a professor of geosystem science at the University of Oxford in England, said developed nations don t want to open the door to legal liability. But he said there should be debate about whether major corporations, such as producers of coal and oil, or other parties could be held responsible. Researchers at the Berlin-based Heinrich B ll Foundation have said at least $300 billion a year by 2030 would be needed to help people who lose their land and culture or are forced to migrate as a result of extreme climate-related problems. Such spending would come on top of $100 billion a year in funding by 2020 that richer nations have promised poorer ones under the Paris Agreement to help them develop cleanly and adapt to climate change.  Trump and the U.S. Congress have said the United States will no longer contribute to that goal. ",1
20456,U.N. to vote on new North Korea sanctions on Monday afternoon: diplomats,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council is set to vote on Monday afternoon on a watered-down U.S.-drafted resolution to impose new sanctions on North Korea over its latest nuclear test, diplomats said, but it was unclear whether China and Russia would support it. The draft resolution appears to have been weakened in a bid to appease North Korea s ally China and Russia following negotiations during the past few days. In order to pass, a resolution needs nine of the 15 Security Council members to vote in favor and no vetoes by any of the  five permanent members - the United States, Britain, France, Russia and China. The draft, seen by Reuters on Sunday, no longer proposes blacklisting North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. The initial draft proposed he be subjected to a travel ban and asset freeze along with four other North Korea officials. The final text only lists one of those officials.  The draft text still proposes a ban on textile exports, which were North Korea s second-biggest export after coal and other minerals in 2016, totaling $752 million, according to data from the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency. Nearly 80 percent of the textile exports went to China. The draft drops a proposed oil embargo and instead intends to impose a ban on condensates and natural gas liquids, a cap of two million barrels a year on refined petroleum products, and a cap crude oil exports to North Korea at current levels. China supplies most of North Korea s crude. According to South Korean data, Beijing supplies roughly 500,000 tonnes of crude oil annually. It also exports 200,000 tonnes of oil products, according to U.N. data. Russia s exports of crude oil to North Korea are about 40,000 tonnes a year. The draft resolution also no longer proposes an asset freeze on the military-controlled national airline Air Koryo.  Since 2006, the Security Council has unanimously adopted eight resolutions ratcheting up sanctions on North Korea over its ballistic missile and nuclear programs. The Security Council last month imposed new sanctions over North Korea s two long-range missile launches in July. The Aug. 5 resolution aimed to slash by a third Pyongyang s $3 billion annual export revenue by banning coal, iron, lead and seafood. The new draft resolution drops a bid to remove an exception for transshipments of Russian coal via the North Korean port of Rajin. In 2013 Russia reopened a railway link with North Korea, from the Russian eastern border town of Khasan to Rajin, to export coal and import goods from South Korea and elsewhere. The original draft resolution would have authorized states to use all necessary measures to intercept and inspect on the high seas vessels that have been blacklisted by the council.  However, the final draft text calls upon states to inspect vessels on the high seas with the consent of the flag state, if there s information that provides reasonable grounds to believe the ship is carrying prohibited cargo.  The Aug. 5 resolution adopted by the council capped the number of North Koreans working abroad at the current level. The new draft resolution initially imposed a complete ban on the hiring and payment of North Korean laborers abroad. The final draft text to be voted on Monday by the council would require the employment of North Korean workers abroad to be authorized by a Security Council committee.  However, this rule would not apply to  written contracts finalized prior to the adoption of this resolution  provided that states notify the committee by Dec. 15 of the number of North Koreans subject to these contracts and the anticipated date of termination of these contracts. Some diplomats estimate that between 60,000 and 100,000 North Koreans work abroad. A U.N. human rights investigator said in 2015 that North Korea was forcing more than 50,000 people to work abroad, mainly in Russia and China, earning between $1.2 billion and $2.3 billion a year. The wages of workers sent abroad provide foreign currency for the Pyongyang government. There is new political language in the final draft urging  further work to reduce tensions so as to advance the prospects for a comprehensive settlement  and underscoring  the imperative of achieving the goal of complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula in a peaceful manner.  ",1
20457,Cambodian leader threatens ban on opposition party,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen threatened on Monday that the main opposition party would be dissolved if it continues to back detained leader Kem Sokha, who has been charged with treason over an alleged plot to gain power with U.S. support. Kem Sokha was arrested on Sept. 3 and is the only serious election rival to Hun Sen, a 65-year-old former Khmer Rouge commander. Western countries have criticized the arrest, which marked a an escalation in a crackdown on critics ahead of a poll next year that could pose the toughest electoral challenge Hun Sen has faced in more than 30 years of rule.  The opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) said it would continue to support Kem Sokha as leader and threatened to boycott the election if he is not freed. Speaking at a graduation ceremony in Phnom Penh, Hun Sen warned that the CNRP s stand could mean  the dissolution of the party .  If the political party continues to blockade and defend this traitor, it means the party is also a traitor so there is no time to let this party operate in Cambodia s democratic process anymore,  Hun Sen said. Parliamentarians from the CNRP went to the prison where Kem Sokha is being held to demand his release. They said his arrest was illegal because he should have been protected by parliamentary immunity.  The party president Kem Sokha is the CNRP president now and will be in the future,  one of his deputies, Mu Sochua, said outside the prison, adding that his release was an essential condition to allow a free and fair election.  We can t participate in an election that isn t free and fair,  she said. The opposition party boycotted a parliamentary vote on whether Kem Sokha should be prosecuted. It would not have been able to block approval as Hun Sen s Cambodian People s Party (CPP) holds a majority, and the motion in favor of prosecuting was passed unopposed. It was unclear whether that effectively overrode Kem Sokha s right to claim parliamentary immunity. The evidence presented against Kem Sokha so far is a video recorded in 2013 in which he discusses a strategy to win power with the help of unspecified Americans.  His lawyers have dismissed the evidence as nonsense and said he was only discussing election strategy. Western countries and human rights groups have condemned the arrest of Kem Sokha and raised doubts as to whether next year s election can be fair, given the crackdown on the opposition, activists and independent media.   However Hun Sen s main ally, China, has said it supports Cambodia s efforts to preserve its own security. Hun Sen was due to visit Beijing on Monday. He said he was going to ask for more aid for Cambodia s health sector. (Story refiles to correct opposition party acronym to CNRP in later references.) ",1
20458,Cambodian PM threatens opposition party will be dissolved,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen threatened on Monday that the main opposition party, the Cambodia National Rescue Party, would be dissolved if it continues to back detained leader Kem Sokha, who has been charged with treason. Kem Sokha was arrested on Sept. 3 and accused of plotting against the government with the help of the United States.  If the political party continues to blockade and defend this traitor, it means the party is also a traitor so there is no time to let this party operate in Cambodia s democratic process anymore,  Hun Sen told a graduation ceremony in Phnom Penh. He said that, if the act of treason involved the whole party, it would be disciplined by law,  which means the dissolution of the party . ",1
20459,Irma knocks out power to nearly four million in Florida: utilities,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma knocked out power to nearly 4 million homes and businesses in Florida on Sunday, threatening millions more as it crept up the state s west coast, and full restoration of service could take weeks, local electric utilities said.  Irma hit Florida on Sunday morning as a dangerous Category 4 storm, the second highest level on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale, but by afternoon as it barreled up the west coast, it weakened to a Category 2 with maximum sustained winds of 110 miles per hour (177 kph). So far, the brunt of the storm has affected Florida Power & Light s customers in the states  southern and eastern sections, and its own operations were not immune, either.  We are not subject to any special treatment from Hurricane Irma. We just experienced a power outage at our command center.  We do have backup generation,  FPL spokesman Rob Gould said on Sunday.  FPL, the biggest power company in Florida, said more than 3.2 million of its customers were without power by 10 p.m. (0200 GMT Monday), mostly in Miami-Dade, Broward and Palm Beach counties. More than 200,000 had electricity restored, mostly by automated devices. The company s system will need to be rebuilt, particularly in the western part of the state, Gould said.  That restoration process will be measured in weeks, not days.  FPL is a unit of Florida energy company NextEra Energy Inc.  Large utilities that serve other parts of the state, including units of Duke Energy Corp, Southern Co and Emera Inc, were seeing their outage figures grow as the storm pushed north.  Duke s outages soared to 390,000 from 60,000 in a span of four hours on Sunday evening, and the company warned its 1.8 million customers in northern and central Florida that outages could ultimately exceed 1 million.  The company updated its website on Sunday evening with a warning to customers that outages may last a week or longer. Emera s Tampa Electric utility said the storm could affect up to 500,000 of the 730,000 homes and businesses it serves, and over 180,000 had already lost power. The utilities had thousands of workers, some from as far away as California, ready to help restore power once Irma s high winds pass their service areas. About 17,000 were assisting FPL, nearly 8,000 at Duke and more than 1,300 at Emera. Tampa Electric told customers on Sunday, however, that response crews were halting work because of the high winds.       FPL said on Friday that Irma could affect about 4.1 million customers, but that was before the storm track shifted away from the eastern side of the state. Its customers are concentrated in Miami-Dade, Broward and Palm Beach counties. The utility said its two nuclear plants were safe. It shut only one of the two reactors at its Turkey Point nuclear plant about 30 miles (48 km) south of Miami on Saturday, rather than both, because the storm shifted. It plans to leave both reactors in service at the St. Lucie plant about 120 miles (193 km )north of Miami because hurricane-force winds are no longer expected to hit the sites. There is also spent nuclear fuel at Duke s Crystal River plant, about 90 miles (145 km) north of Tampa. The plant, on Irma s current forecast track, stopped operating in 2009 and was retired in 2013. In a worst-case scenario, the spent fuel could release radiation if exposed to the air, but a federal nuclear official said that was extremely unlikely.  That fuel is so cold, relatively speaking, it would take weeks before there would be any concern,  said Scott Burnell of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission.  As the storm has come ashore, gasoline stations have struggled to keep up. In the Atlanta metro area, about 496 stations, or 12.2 percent, were out of gasoline, according to information service Gas Buddy. ",1
20460,"Factbox: Over four million lose power in Florida from Irma, utilities say","(Reuters) - More than 4 million homes and businesses have lost power in Florida, major utilities said on Sunday, as Hurricane Irma pummeled the state. Most outages were in Florida Power & Light s service area in the southern and eastern parts of the state. FPL, the state s biggest power company, said more than 3.3 million of its customers were without service. As the storm moved up the coast, Duke Energy s outages steadily climbed.  Irma hit Florida on Sunday morning as a dangerous Category 4 storm, the second highest level on the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale. It weakened as it moved up the state s west coast and by late evening, it was a Category 2 with maximum sustained winds of 105 miles per hour (169 kph). FPL is a unit of NextEra Energy Inc (NEE.N). Other big power utilities in Florida are units of Duke Energy Corp (DUK.N), Southern Co (SO.N) and Emera Inc (EMA.TO).  ",1
20461,Hurricane Irma to become tropical storm on Monday: NHC,"(Reuters) - Irma is forecast to weaken into a tropical storm over far northern Florida or southern Georgia on Monday, the U.S. National Hurricane Center (NHC) said.  The Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson wind scale was about 50 miles (80 km) southeast of Tampa, Florida with maximum sustained winds of 100 miles per hour (155 km/h), the NHC said.   On the forecast track, the center of Irma will continue to move over the western Florida peninsula through Monday morning and then into the southeastern United States late Monday and Tuesday,  it said. ",1
20462,American won't resume Miami service until Tuesday at earliest,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - American Airlines Group Inc will not resume commercial flights at its Miami International Airport hub on Monday but may operate flights to bring in staff and supplies. The airline said earlier on Sunday it planned to begin limited operations on Monday after 5 p.m. (2100 GMT), but reversed course after the Miami airport said it would remain closed on Monday. The airport may reopen on Tuesday but it did not confirm the plans.  American now plans to resume limited operations when the airport reopens,  the airline said, noting federal agencies must assess whether the airport can reopen. The Fort Worth-based airline canceled all flights at the Miami airport starting on Friday evening in anticipation of Hurricane Irma, along with flights at three other south Florida airports. All American flights remain canceled through Monday at 12 other Florida airports, as well as Hilton Head, South Carolina, and Savannah, Georgia. ",1
20463,Ex-Georgian leader Saakashvili barges across Ukraine border,"SHEHYNI, Ukraine (Reuters) - Former Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili and a crowd of supporters barged past guards to enter Ukraine from the Polish border on Sunday after a prolonged standoff between Saakashvili and the Ukrainian authorities. Amid shouts of  victory  and  glory to Ukraine , Saakashvili returned to Ukraine despite being stripped of Ukrainian citizenship by his one-time ally, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, and facing possible arrest and deportation.   Poroshenko invited Saakashvili to be a regional governor to help drive reforms after protests in 2014 ousted a pro-Russian president in Kiev. But Saakashvili quit as governor of Odessa in November, accusing Poroshenko of abetting corruption.  Thousands of Saakashvili s supporters gathered on the border on Sunday while prominent lawmakers, including former Ukrainian prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko, traveled with him from Poland. Saakashvili had tried to cross the border by train but the train did not leave its station in the Polish town of Przemysl. The woman in charge of the Ukrainian train said she had been ordered by the authorities - she declined to specify whether Polish or Ukrainian - to stop the train leaving until Saakashvili got off.  He then traveled by bus to the border and was stopped by guards who sealed off the area, causing a tailback of vehicles. Supporters pushed their way through and escorted him across.  I came with my Ukrainian passport, I wanted to show my passport and make a statement,  a triumphant Saakashvili told supporters after crossing.  Instead, the authorities arranged this circus.  Poroshenko s spokesman did not respond to a request for comment.   The crowd broke through the Shehyni checkpoint,  Oleh Slobodyan, a spokesman for the Ukrainian border service, wrote on Facebook.  The fight started. It s hard to predict the consequences of this situation.  A statement by the border service said several police and border guards were injured during the clash and said a group of people, whom it did not name, had crossed the border illegally.  Saakashvili took power in Georgia after a peaceful pro-Western uprising, known as the Rose Revolution, in 2003. The 49-year-old is now wanted on criminal charges in Georgia, which he says were trumped up for political reasons. Loathed by the Kremlin, Saakashvili was once a natural ally for Poroshenko after Moscow annexed Ukraine s Crimea region in 2014. But he has become one of the Ukrainian president s most vocal critics, casting doubt on the Western-backed authorities  commitment to tackle entrenched corruption. Saakashvili has accused the Ukrainian authorities of using pressure tactics to deter him from returning to Kiev, where he has launched a campaign to unseat Poroshenko. Speaking to reporters earlier in the Polish city of Rzeszow, Saakashvili said Poroshenko viewed him as an  existential threat .   It looks like he is getting rid of a political opponent and no matter how many times he says that I am not a danger to him, every action of his shows exactly the opposite, that he regards me as a great and immediate danger,  he said. ",1
20464,Trump on Hurricane Irma: 'This is some big monster',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump called Hurricane Irma  some big monster  as it battered the Florida coast, saying he wanted to go to the state very soon and praising emergency officials for their efforts to protect people.  The bad news is that this is some big monster,  Trump told reporters at the White House, saying damage from the storm would be very costly.  Right now, we are worried about lives, not cost,  Trump said after returning from Camp David, the presidential retreat in Maryland where he monitored the storm and met with his Cabinet. The path of the storm, tracking the west coast of Florida, meant it might be less destructive than it would otherwise have been, Trump said, noting the next five or six hours would be critical.  I hope there aren t too many people in the path,  he said.  You don t want to be in that path.   The U.S. House of Representatives canceled votes scheduled for Monday because of the hurricane. Trump said the U.S. Coast Guard had been heroic and that the Federal Emergency Management Agency was doing a good job to help coordinate the response with states. He added, however:  I think the hard part is now beginning.  Trump has offered the full resources of the federal government to Florida and the affected states, Vice President Mike Pence told reporters during a visit to FEMA s Washington headquarters on Sunday.  Wherever Hurricane Irma goes, we ll be there first,  Pence said.  We ll be there with resources and support, both to save lives and to help to recover and rebuild these states and these communities.  On Sunday, Trump also issued a disaster declaration for the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, and expanded federal funds available to the U.S. Virgin Islands in the aftermath of Irma, the White House said. Trump owns a resort in Palm Beach, Florida, where he has often traveled during his presidency, as well as three golf courses in the state. He told reporters he hoped to travel to the state soon.  We re going to Florida very soon,  Trump said. ",1
20465,Hurricane Irma threatens Florida's bustling tourism industry,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hurricane Irma s path of destruction up Florida s Gulf Coast on Sunday threatens to disrupt a thriving state tourism industry worth more than $100 billion annually just months ahead of the busy winter travel season. Some of the state s biggest attractions have announced temporary closures, including amusement park giants Walt Disney World s Magic Kingdom, Universal Studios, Legoland and Sea World, which all planned to close through Monday.  About 20 cruise lines have Miami as a home port or a port of call, according to the PortMiami website, and many have had to move ships out of the area and revise schedules.  Carnival Cruise Lines and Royal Caribbean have canceled and revised several sailings as a result of the storm and have offered credits and waivers on trips where passengers are unable to travel.  A Carnival spokesman said the situation in Florida on Sunday was still not clear enough to fully assess how widespread the effects will be.  We will know more in the hours ahead since the hurricane is active in Florida right now,  spokesman Roger Frizzell said. Irma made a second Florida landfall on Sunday on southwestern Marco Island as a Category 3 storm bringing winds of 115 miles per hour (185 kph) and life-threatening sea surge. Disney canceled the Monday sailing of one of its cruise ships and said it is assessing future sailings, which stop throughout the Caribbean and in the Bahamas.  Florida is one of the world s top tourism destinations. Last year nearly 113 million people visited the state, a new record, and spent $109 billion, state officials said earlier this year. The first half of 2017 was on track to beat that record pace, officials said.      The damage Irma s winds and storm surge do to Florida s 660 miles (1,060 km) of beaches and the structures built along them during more than 30 years of explosive population growth will be critical to how quickly the state s  s No. 1 industry recovers. The Gulf beaches west of St. Petersburg and Clearwater,  are squarely in the storm s path.  In 2016, more than 6.3 million people visited Pinellas County, which encompasses those cities, and generated more $9.7 billion in economic activity. Up and down the wide, sandy beaches of Pinellas County are traditional  old Florida  waterfront hotels such as the Don Cesar, a coral pink 1920s hotel on St. Pete Beach, which was closed by the storm. There are also modern high-rises and resorts that are part of the nation s biggest chains and brands including Hyatt Hotels, Marriott International, Intercontinental Hotels Group, Hilton Hotels & Resorts and Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company. The low-lying barrier islands would be inundated if Irma s storm surge reaches forecast heights of as high as 15 feet (4.6 meters).  While some newer structures in the area are built on elevated pilings, many older homes and businesses are not.  ",1
20466,Slightly injured pope ends Colombia tour with unity appeal,"CARTAGENA, Colombia (Reuters) - Pope Francis, his eye bandaged and blackened after a minor accident in the popemobile, left Colombia on Sunday after appealing to the country to  untie the knots of violence  after a 50-year civil war. His last day in the Andean country got off to a rocky start when he lost his balance and bumped his head while riding in the popemobile. He bruised his cheekbone and cut his left eyebrow, blood staining his white cassock.  The Vatican said he received ice treatment and was fine.    A smiling pope continued the trip wearing a bandage over his cut.  I was punched. I m fine,  the 80-year-old pontiff joked afterward, the bruises on his face clearly visible. At the end of the day, when he said Mass for about 500,000 people in the city s port area, the bruise had swollen and he had a black bag under his eye.  If Colombia wants a stable and lasting peace, it must urgently take a step in this direction, which is that of the common good, of equity, of justice, of respect for human nature and its demands,  he said in a strong voice in the homily of the Mass, accompanied by Caribbean and salsa music.  Only if we help to untie the knots of violence, will we unravel the complex threads of disagreements,  he said. The pontiff left Colombia on an Avianca flight to Rome after watching a  cumbia  troupe perform traditional coastal singing and dancing with President Juan Manuel Santos and his wife, Maria Clemencia.  Francis used the trip to urge Colombians deeply polarized by a peace plan to shun vengeance after a bloody civil war. He also said leaders had to enact laws to end injustice and social inequality that breeds violence. Cartagena, a top tourist destination famous for its colonial walled ramparts, was the home to Saint Peter Claver, a Spanish priest who ministered to slaves in Colombia in the 1600s, defying Spanish colonial masters who treated them as chattel. The pope used the occasion to again decry modern slavery and human trafficking and defend the rights of immigrants. Human rights groups estimate that millions of people around the world are victims of human trafficking and forms of modern slavery such as forced labor and prostitution.  Here in Colombia and in the world, millions of people are still being sold as slaves; they either beg for some expressions of humanity, moments of tenderness, or they flee by sea or land because they have lost everything, primarily their dignity and their rights,  the pope said just before praying before Claver s relics. Some 300 Afro-Colombians who receive assistance from the Jesuit religious order, of which the pope is a member, prayed  with him in the church. Francis visited the impoverished neighborhood of San Francisco and blessed the cornerstone of a shelter for at-risk Afro-Colombian girls vulnerable to child prostitution, drugs and violence. Earlier in the day, the first Latin American pope said he was praying for the well-being of all countries on the continent but particularly Venezuela, which has been caught up in a social and economic crisis.  I express my closeness to all the sons and daughters of that beloved nation, as well as to all those who have found a place of welcome here in Colombia,  referring to the tens of thousands of Venezuelans who have crossed the border to find food and medicine.  From this city, known as the seat of human rights, I appeal for the rejection of all violence in political life and for a solution to the current grave crisis, which affects everyone, particularly the poorest and most disadvantaged of society,  he said. National Human Rights Day is celebrated in Colombia on Sept. 9, in honor of Claver, who died in 1654. Venezuela has been convulsed by months of near-daily protests against leftist President Nicolas Maduro, who critics say has plunged the oil-rich country into the worst economic crisis in its history and is turning it into a dictatorship. World bodies and foreign governments have expressed concern about the shortage of food and medicine in Venezuela and called for political dialogue between Maduro and the opposition. Church leaders in Venezuela have made a series of highly critical speeches since late last year. ",1
20467,Irma evacuees find full hotels but a warm welcome in Georgia,"ATLANTA (Reuters) - As hundreds of thousands of Floridians flee Hurricane Irma, people in the state of Georgia have opened their homes to strangers who emerged from hours-long traffic jams to find hotels and campgrounds booked solid. Authorities in Florida have ordered about a third of the state s population, 6.3 million people, to evacuate ahead of the hurricane s expected landfall on Sunday. Some stayed put, but many left their homes. And many who drove to neighboring Georgia initially had nowhere to stay. With churches in Atlanta appealing for donations of mattresses and blankets for shelters, and hotels and motels along Interstate 75 heading north to the city from Florida reportedly at capacity through next week, homeschool teacher Mary Hoyt decided something needed to be done. She helped found Atlanta Hurricane Solidarity, an informal network that works via word of mouth and local news media attention, and has so far managed to match 75 evacuee families with homes in Atlanta.  Those are the ones we have settled or on their way,  said Hoyt, who lives in the city s eastern suburb of Decatur.  We have 300 more homes and counting that are available. People are so amazingly generous.  At the Atlanta Motor Speedway, meanwhile, staff are accustomed to accommodating thousands of campers at their NASCAR stock car racing events. They have opened the facilities in Hampton, about 25 miles (40 km) south of Atlanta, for free to anyone seeking refuge.  Many Georgia coast residents were also locking up homes and heading inland before Irma hits. On Saturday, all lanes of Interstate 16, which runs west of historic Savannah, were turned inland for evacuating traffic only. Campsites in places like Indian Springs State Park, near the small town of Flovilla, a few miles (kms) east of Interstate 75, were full, said park manager Katherine Darsey.  There are a lot of Florida license tags here,  Darsey said, adding that people were still welcome to use the parking lot overnight if they needed a safe place to rest. The Airbnb website listed 85 homes in Georgia and Florida on Saturday evening that had been made available for free to Irma evacuees by the properties  owners, said Airbnb spokeswoman Crystal Davis. Evacuees  four-legged friends were also seeking safety: Animal shelters that were already busier than usual with pets displaced from Texas and Louisiana last month by Hurricane Harvey reported more arrivals from Florida. The equestrian center in Alpharetta, another Atlanta suburb, has agreed to house 150 horses from Florida for free, said its director, Matt Casey. Forty horses had arrived by Saturday afternoon, and more were on the way. One cat from Paisley, about 40 miles (60 km) north of Orlando, was en route to sanctuary in Indiana when she was spooked by a traffic accident while being driven through Atlanta. The 2-year-old calico named Coco jumped out of the car s window and darted into woods.  I ve been heartsick over it,  said her owner, Cindy Voelz, 55.  She must be so frightened.   Voelz is staying with friends in the city while she looks for Coco. She said she really appreciates the help she has had searching from volunteers at an Atlanta animal shelter.  I can t believe how nice everyone is here,  she said. ",1
20468,Trump approves major disaster declaration for Florida,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday approved a major disaster declaration for Florida and ordered federal aid to help the state struck by Hurricane Irma. The declaration means residents and businesses can apply for grants for temporary housing and home repairs, low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses, and other programs. The federal government will also reimburse counties for emergency protective measures including evacuation and sheltering costs as well as for much of the costs of debris removal. ",1
20469,British trade union conference evacuated over bomb threat,"LONDON (Reuters) - A hotel and nearby conference center on the south coast of England where Britain s Trades Union Congress (TUC) is holding its annual conference were evacuated on Sunday due to a bomb threat, police said. Police said the Grand Hotel in Brighton, where five people were killed by an Irish Republican Army bombing during the Conservative Party conference in 1984, received an anonymous phone call at 1530 GMT on Sunday saying there was an explosive device in the building.  The nearby Brighton Centre, where the TUC was meeting and where the opposition Labour Party is due to hold its annual conference later this month, was also evacuated.  Thorough searches and enquiries are taking place to establish as soon as possible whether or not the call is a genuine one,  Sussex Police said in a statement.  Military ordnance disposal are attending as part of the search. Nothing untoward has been found at this time.  ",1
20470,President Trump approves major disaster declaration for Florida,"(Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump approved a major disaster declaration on Sunday to help Florida recover from Hurricane Irma, Florida Governor Rick Scott said. The declaration will authorizes federal funding to come to the state to assist local and state agencies with response and recovery.  The White House has not yet announced the declaration. ",1
20471,Brazilian billionaire Joesley Batista surrenders to police,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Billionaire Joesley Batista, one of the owners of JBS SA, the world s largest meatpacker, and executive Ricardo Saud surrendered on Sunday and were arrested by Brazilian police, their lawyer said. Batista and Saud went to federal police headquarters in Sao Paulo on Sunday afternoon and will be transferred to Brasilia on Monday, their lawyer, Pierpaolo Bottini, said.  The arrests were ordered by Supreme Court Justice Edson Fachin, who agreed to a request by Brazilian Prosecutor-General Rodrigo Janot. The court revoked immunity from prosecution under previous plea deals struck by Batista and Saud, a former director of holding company J&F Investimentos. In his decision ordering both arrested for at least five days, Fachin wrote the state witnesses were  selective  and did not present all information related to crimes they confessed to in their plea deals.  Janot sought the arrests after Batista and Saud recorded themselves discussing crimes not covered in the plea bargain. The taped conversation, made public by the Supreme Court, was inadvertently submitted to prosecutors with unrelated material last week. In a statement on Sunday, J&F lawyers said both men  did not lie nor omitted information  in their plea deals. The Supreme Court Justice denied a request for the arrest of former prosecutor Marcelo Miller, who was accused by the prosecutor-general of helping Wesley and Joesley Batista with their plea deal before leaving the Prosecutor s Office in April to a private law firm.  ",1
20472,Trump says 'We're going to Florida very soon',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday called Hurricane Irma  a big monster  and said the storm would cost a lot of money but that the federal government was focused on saving lives.   The bad news is that this is some big monster,  Trump said on arriving at the White House after a weekend at the Camp David retreat in Maryland. He praised federal agencies  handling of the storm and said:  We re going to Florida very soon.  ",1
20473,"After insurgents' truce, Myanmar says 'we don't negotiate with terrorists'","YANGON/SHAH PORIR DWIP ISLAND, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Myanmar on Sunday rebuffed a ceasefire declared by Muslim Rohingya insurgents to enable the delivery of aid to thousands of displaced people in the violence-racked state of Rakhine, declaring simply that it did not negotiate with terrorists. Attacks by militants on police posts and an army base on Aug. 25 prompted a military counter-offensive that triggered an exodus of Rohingya to Bangladesh, adding to the hundreds of thousands already there from previous spasms of conflict. According to the latest estimate by U.N. workers in the Cox s Bazar region of southern Bangladesh, about 294,000 - many of them sick or wounded - have arrived in just 15 days, putting huge strain on humanitarian agencies  operations. Thousands of Rohingya remaining in the north-western state of Rakhine have been left without shelter or food, and many are still trying to cross mountains, dense bush and rice fields to reach Bangladesh. The Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) insurgent group declared a month-long unilateral ceasefire, starting on Sunday, so that aid could reach these people. The impact of ARSA s move is unclear, but it does not appear to have been able to put up significant resistance against the military force unleashed in Rakhine state, where thousands of homes have been burned down and dozens of villages destroyed. ARSA s declaration drew no formal response from the military or the government of Buddhist-majority Myanmar. However, the spokesman for Myanmar s leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, said on Twitter:  We have no policy to negotiate with terrorists.  Myanmar says its security forces are carrying out clearance operations to defend against ARSA, which the government has declared a terrorist organisation. Human rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Rohingya, whose population is estimated at around 1.1 million. About a dozen Muslim villages were burned down on Friday and Saturday in the ethnically mixed Rathedaung region of Rakhine, two sources monitoring the situation said.  Slowly, one after another, villages are being burnt down - I believe that Rohingyas are already wiped out completely from Rathedaung,  said one of the sources, Chris Lewa of the Arakan Project, a Rohingya monitoring group.  It was unclear who torched the villages, and independent journalists are not allowed into the area. In Cox s Bazar, Reuters journalists saw waves of Rohingya arriving on Sunday, and crowds of desperate people - mostly women and children - queuing for handouts of food and clothes. More than 300 people arrived on small boats and fishing trawlers on Shah Porir Dwip island, a short distance from the mouth of the Naf river that separates the two countries and flows out into the Bay of Bengal. Many collapsed on the beach from motion sickness and dehydration.  Three Rohingya were killed by landmines on Saturday as they tried to cross from Myanmar, a Bangladeshi border guard said, and Amnesty International said there were two landmine incidents on Sunday, including a blast that blew off a man s leg.  All indications point to the Myanmar security forces deliberately targeting locations that Rohingya refugees use as crossing points,  Tirana Hassan, Amnesty international s Crisis Response Director, said in a statement.  This is a cruel and callous way of adding to the misery of people fleeing a systematic campaign of persecution,  she said. A Myanmar military source told Reuters last week that landmines had been laid along the border in the 1990s to prevent trespassing and the military had since tried to remove them. But none had been planted recently. Dipayan Bhattacharyya, the World Food Programme s spokesman in Bangladesh, said the latest estimate of new arrivals was 294,000 and there were discussions underway to revise up the prediction made last week that it would reach 300,000. The government of Bangladesh is planning for an influx of up to 400,000, Additional Superintendent of Police for Cox s Bazar Afruzul Haque Tutul told Reuters. The United Nations has appealed for aid funding of $77 million to cope with the emergency in southern Bangladesh. The wave of hungry and traumatised refugees is  showing no signs of stopping , the U.N. Resident Coordinator in Bangladesh Robert Watkins said in a statement late on Saturday.  It is vital that aid agencies working in Cox s Bazar have the resources they need to provide emergency assistance to incredibly vulnerable people who have been forced to flee their homes and have arrived in Bangladesh with nothing,  he said. The International Crisis Group said in a report that the strife in Rakhine is causing more than a humanitarian crisis.  It is also driving up the risks that the country s five-year-old transition from military rule will stumble, that Rohingya communities will be radicalised, and that regional stability will be weakened,  it said. Aung San Suu Kyi has come under international pressure to halt the violence. Critics complain that Suu Kyi, who won a Nobel peace prize for championing democracy, has failed to speak out for a minority that has long complained of persecution.      ",1
20474,"Pope bumps head, hurts left eye, but is well: Vatican","CARTAGENA, Colombia (Reuters) - Pope Francis lost his balance while riding in the popemobile through a crowd in Cartagena, Colombia, on Sunday, bruising his left cheekbone and eyelid, but he was not seriously hurt. The Vatican said he received ice treatment and was fine to continue on his trip. Video images showed the pope hitting the left side of his face against a vertical bar of the popemobile, a specially designed open-top vehicle that allows the pontiff to stand and greet the faithful as his motorcade advances. A few drops of blood were seen on his white cassock and the area around his left eye looked bruised and swollen.  I was punched. I m fine,  the pope joked as he left a house in the poor neighborhood of San Francisco on the last day of his trip to Colombia. He later was seen with a small bandage over his left eyebrow.  The pope is fine. He injured his left cheekbone and eyelid,  spokesman Greg Burke said. ",1
20475,"Syria army, U.S.-backed forces converge on Islamic State in separate offensives","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian government forces and U.S.-backed militias converged on Islamic State in separate offensives against the militants in the eastern Syrian province of Deir al-Zor on Sunday. The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces alliance of mostly Kurdish and Arab militias (SDF) said it had reached Deir al-Zor s industrial zone, just a few miles to the east of the city after launching operations in the area in recent days. The Syrian army and its allies, backed by Iran and by Russian air cover, meanwhile advanced from the west to seize full control of the Deir al-Zor-Damascus highway, a Hezbollah-run media unit reported. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said at least 17 civilians had been killed by Russian air strikes in Deir al-Zor on Sunday. The attacks squeezed Islamic State in its last major Syria stronghold in areas near the border with Iraq. The group has come under pressure since losing its de facto capital Mosul in Iraq this year and is surrounded by the SDF in Raqqa, its former Syria bastion. The jihadist group still holds much of Deir al-Zor province and half the city, as well as a pocket of territory near Homs and Hama further west, however, and is mounting counter-attacks. Sunday s advances mean that U.S.-backed forces and the Syrian government side, boosted by Russian military support, are separated only by about 15 km (10 miles) of ground and the Euphrates River in Deir al-Zor. Much of northeast Syria to the east of the Euphrates is held by the SDF, which is dominated by the Kurdish YPG militia. The Syrian government and its allies are increasingly capturing the remaining areas Islamic State holds to its west. Government troops linked up with forces already in Deir al-Zor at the Panorama entrance to the city, bringing the whole road under their control for the first time in years, the Hezbollah media unit reported. The Syrian army and its Iran-backed allies, which include Lebanese Hezbollah, this week broke a three-year siege by the jihadists of a government-held enclave in Deir al-Zor and an adjacent air base. Syrian state TV broadcast footage of Syrian officers who had been holed up in Deir al-Zor emotionally greeting their superiors after being surrounded by IS since 2014. The United Nations estimates that some 93,000 people were living in  extremely difficult  conditions in government-held parts of Deir al-Zor, supplied by air drops to the air base. Syrian government forces and their allies have been able to turn their attention to the fight against Islamic State in eastern Syria after recapturing many areas in the west from rebels. The SDF on Saturday announced an operation to capture northern and eastern parts of Deir al-Zor province and staged  attacks from the northern countryside and southern Hasaka, which is under YPG control. The SDF, backed by U.S.-led air strikes and special forces on the ground, has captured most of Raqqa, upstream along the Euphrates, from Islamic State. Islamic State has lost nearly half of its territory across both Iraq and Syria, but still has 6,000-8,000 fighters left in Syria, the U.S.-led coalition has said. The forces leading the SDF s operation in Deir al-Zor say they do not expect clashes with Syrian government forces, but will respond if they come under fire. Syria s crowded battleground has shown the risks of escalation between world powers militarily involved in the six-year-old Syrian conflict. In June a U.S. warplane shot down a Syrian army jet near Raqqa in and the SDF accused the Syrian government of bombing its positions, raising tension between Washington and Moscow. The Cold War foes have also engaged over Syria, however, including setting up communication channels for flight safety in Syrian airspace. Both countries say the priority in Syria is to defeat Islamic State. Rounds of Syria talks between world powers have increasingly focused on Islamic State. Negotiations where Syria s opposition has repeatedly called for the removal of President Bashar al-Assad have failed to bring an end to the conflict. ",1
20476,Syrian rebels say U.S. allies push for retreat from southeast Syria,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Two Western-backed Syrian rebel groups fighting the Syrian army and Iranian-backed militias in southeastern Syria have been asked by their Western and Arab backers to pull out of the area and retreat into Jordan, rebels and diplomatic sources said on Sunday. Both Usoud al-Sharqiya and Martyr Ahmad Abdo, part of the Free Syrian Army group, said they were told to end fighting in the area by their backers from the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency and neighboring states that support them, which include Jordan and Saudi Arabia.  There is a official request for us to leave the area,  said Badr al Din al Salamah, a senior official in the Usoud al Sharqiya group, one of the main rebel groups in the area and  a recipient of the military aid from the U.S.-backed alliance. Since early this year, the rebels have pushed Islamic State militants out of a large swathe of sparsely populated territory stretching some 50 km (30 miles) southeast of Damascus, all the way to the Iraqi border along the frontier with Jordan. But an offensive by the Syrian army, backed by Iranian militias and heavy Russian air cover, has encircled the rebels and eroded their gains. In recent weeks, the army has regained a string of border posts with Jordan that it had abandoned in the early years of the conflict Western diplomatic sources said the request was tied to a decision by the administration of U.S. President Trump in July to halt the CIA s program to equip and train rebel groups fighting the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.  The CIA program began in 2013 as part of efforts by the administration of then-President Barack Obama to overthrow Assad. The Trump administration says its strategy in Syria is focused only on defeating Islamic State. In a letter purportedly to rebel commanders and seen by Reuters, they were told they although they had fought bravely to fend off the Syrian army, their presence in a small enclave now posed a threat to them. The decision has caused disaffection among hundreds of fighters in the two groups, who consider withdrawing into Jordan as effectively disbanding their forces. The two groups, who have hundreds of fighters, will have to hand over heavy artillery and dozens of U.S.-made anti-tank missiles that played a part in their battlefield successes against Islamic State and the Iranian-backed militias, rebels say. In a meeting on Saturday, the rebel commanders told the joint operations center in Jordan that requested their withdrawal they would rather  stay and die  in the desert than leave the battlefield.  We have rejected the request,  since if we entered Jordan we would consider it the end ... the blood of our martyrs has not dried yet,  said al-Salameh. The military operations center has not offered them a choice to move to a U.S. garrison further east near the border with Iraq in Tanf, the rebels say. That garrison, run by a separate program of the Pentagon, hosts an Arab rebel tribal group known as the Maqhawir al Thwra. Another rebel official said they were not necessarily opposed to withdrawing, but they wanted assurances from Jordan they could lobby to expand to the Badia area a U.S.-Russian-brokered ceasefire, which has halted fighting in southwest Syria. Washington and Jordan are currently negotiating with Moscow to implement a de-escalation zone that would push back Iranian-backed forces 40 kms north of the border strip with Jordan, diplomats say.   We have accepted in principle and there are matters that have to be resolved. But until this moment there is no final agreement on withdrawing and we are still in the Badia and still fighting and in our posts,  said Said Seif, a spokesman of the Martyr Ahmad Abdo group. ",1
20477,France's Macron will travel to Saint Martin on Tuesday,"PARIS (Reuters) - French president Emmanuel Macron will travel to the battered Dutch-French island of Saint Martin on Tuesday following the passage of hurricane Irma and fellow storm Jose.  Emmanuel Macron will leave to Saint Martin on Tuesday morning with goods and reinforcements,  French interior minister Gerard Collomb told journalists on Sunday after a meeting with Macron at the Elysee palace in Paris. According to a provisional death toll, Irma killed 10 people in the French part of Saint Martin and in nearby island of Saint Barthelemy. Seven people are still reported missing.  ",1
20478,Vice President Pence: Trump greatly concern about Irma after briefing,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Sunday that President Donald Trump had directed full federal resources to help with Hurricane Irma at it batters the Florida coast and that his latest briefing on the storm caused him great concern.  Clearly the briefing that we received at Camp David this morning caused the president to have great concern for the impact of the impact of this storm moving up the west coast and the potential through heavy winds and storm surge to compromise cities and compromise lives,  Pence said during a visit to the Federal Emergency Management Agency s headquarters with members of Trump s Cabinet.  ",1
20479,Merkel and the refugees: How German leader emerged from a political abyss,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Near the end of a recent campaign speech in northern Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel turned to Europe s refugee crisis of 2015 and offered her audience a comforting dual message. Germans should be proud of the warm welcome they gave  hundreds of thousands of asylum seekers, many of them fleeing war and persecution in the Middle East, she told an audience of over 1,000 gathered in the fishing village of Steinhude.  Then she shifted gears:  What happened in 2015 cannot, should not and must not happen again.   It is a phrase she has used repeatedly in market squares across Germany as she campaigns for a fourth term in a federal election on Sept. 24 that she is widely expected to win. [nL5N1LQ0H1 Two years since she opened Germany s borders to asylum seekers to avert what she says was a looming humanitarian disaster, and saw her popularity slide as a result, Merkel has climbed her way out of the deepest hole of her political career.  There are many factors behind her comeback. But few are as important as her skill at spinning a narrative about the refugee crisis that many Germans can support, whether they cheered or condemned her actions of 2015.  Merkel is not running on a policy of open borders and that fits perfectly with the mood in the country,  said Robin Alexander, author of a best-selling book on the German government s handling of the refugee crisis.  Many people like the image of Germany as a model of humanitarian virtue. At the same time they know the country could not continue to welcome refugees like it did. It is this set of feelings that Merkel is appealing to.  By the end of 2015, 890,000 asylum seekers had entered Germany, many without proper identity checks, overwhelming local communities. Merkel s actions divided Europe and led to a surge in anti-immigrant sentiment. The hard-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party seems sure to enter parliament for the first time. A year after her decision, and following a series of small-scale attacks in Germany by Islamist militants, her popularity ratings had plunged 30 points to 45 percent and she faced questions about whether she would run for chancellor again.  Yet today, 63 percent of Germans say she is doing a good job and, according to a Bertelsmann Foundation survey this week, 59 percent believe the country is on the right track.  It has been a long, difficult road back,  said one of her top aides.  But we have gotten to a point where the refugee issue is no longer a negative for Merkel in the election campaign.  Merkel has been helped by external events such as Britain s vote for Brexit last year and Donald Trump s election victory in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, both of which reinforced her appeal as a guarantor of stability.  A decision by Macedonia in early 2016 to shut its border with Greece stemmed the flow of refugees, easing pressure on Germany. And the country has not suffered a large-scale Islamist attack, an event which might have triggered a voter backlash. But Merkel s knack for understanding how Germans tick has also been crucial.  At many of her public appearances, she is confronted by anti-immigration protesters who try to drown out her speeches with whistles and chants of  Merkel must go! .  In Steinhude, a woman held up a sign showing Merkel s diamond-shaped hand pose over a German flag with a blood-spattered bullet hole in the middle.  I offer you terror, death and chaos , the sign read. But the dozen or so protesters were dwarfed by supporters who applauded her message.  I m not sure if there was another way to handle the refugee crisis. Those refugees had to go somewhere,  said Willi Kordes, 70, who runs a sewage treatment firm in nearby Vlotho.  I don t trust anyone to do it better.  Working in her favor in the election is the fact that many of Germany s other established parties, including the centre-left Social Democrats (SPD), led by her main challenger Martin Schulz, backed her open-door policy. The AfD, running a racially-tinged campaign that has put off some voters, has come off its 2016 highs in the polls. The one mainstream party that has offered a hardline alternative, the Christian Social Union (CSU), is the Bavarian sister party to Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU). A vote for the CSU is akin to a vote for Merkel. A crucial factor behind Merkel s rebound has been the decline in asylum seekers entering Germany. About 280,000 arrived in 2016, with another drop likely this year. Merkel takes credit for this, pointing to a deal she brokered between the European Union and Turkey, under which Ankara has cut the number of migrants crossing into Europe via its territory.   But critics say the closing of Balkan borders   which Merkel publicly opposed   was the real driver. Some see parallels with her behavior in the euro zone financial crisis, when European Central Bank President Mario Draghi s pledge to do  whatever it takes  to keep the currency bloc together, allowing her to stick to a hard line towards euro states such as Greece without fear of consequences.  In the refugee crisis, it has been countries like Macedonia, Turkey and Hungary - which shut down routes the refugees used - that have done Merkel s  dirty work , allowing her to maintain the image of a caring leader who helped people fleeing war. The approach has helped Merkel extend her control over the political centre. Some right-wing voters may have fled for the AfD but polls suggest young, urban voters who traditionally lean left could fill the gap.  Germany s economy has been strong enough to absorb the influx of refugees without big cracks emerging in society. In reaction to its Nazi past, Germany has emerged as a more open, tolerant country than many assumed when the crisis hit. A survey published this month ranking the top fears of the Germans put terrorism at the top. But a separate poll for the Bild newspaper showed they do not see curbing immigration as a priority.  Germans are astonishingly global, liberal and open to the world,  said Menno Smid, head of the Infas Institute for Applied Social Sciences, which released a survey last month showing broad acceptance of refugees in Germany.  We are the winners from globalization. The economic factors that led to Trump simply don t exist.  ",1
20480,Merkel challenger spells out conditions for post-election coalition,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel s Social Democrat (SPD) challenger said on Sunday his party would not form any alliances after a Sept. 24 election unless fair wages, free education, secure pensions and a commitment to a democratic Europe were guaranteed. The SPD was trailing Merkel s conservatives by 13 points in an Emnid poll published on Saturday, with 24 percent support. Polls show the most likely coalitions are a re-run of the current conservative-SPD alliance or a  Jamaica  tie-up of the conservatives, Greens and pro-business Free Democrats (FDP). For the first time, SPD leader Martin Schulz on Sunday laid out his conditions for joining any coalitions in a video broadcast on the party s website.  Specific policies for fair wages, good schools, secure pensions and a democratic Europe for peace - that s what I promise you,  61-year-old Schulz said.  An SPD government would implement these plans. They re non-negotiable for me. That s why I want to become German chancellor,  he said. But polls suggest the SPD s only option for gaining power would be as a junior partner in another  grand coalition  with the conservatives under Merkel. Schulz has put social justice at the core of his campaign, but that has failed to gain much traction. Germans have generally enjoyed 12 years of prosperity under Merkel, and she has trumpeted her economic achievements - such as reducing unemployment - throughout the campaign. In an interview with the Funke newspaper group, Schulz said he was against a re-run of the current coalition, an alliance that is always a last resort because it leaves little opposition in parliament.  We re not seeking to continue the grand coalition,  he said.  I m running to supersede Merkel.  Merkel warned supporters at a campaign rally in the northwestern town of Delbrueck on Sunday that the election result was not yet clear despite her lead in the polls.  A lot of people say the vote is practically decided already ... but it is not,  she said, adding that many people would make up their minds in the final days before the vote. She had on Saturday called for a high election turnout, saying:  We must fight for every single person to go and vote.  Germany s smaller parties narrowed down possible coalition options over the weekend, with both the Greens and the FDP saying they could not imagine a  Jamaica  coalition, the name refers to the black, yellow and green colors of the Jamaican flag. ",1
20481,Egyptian security forces kill 10 suspected militants in Cairo raids,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s security forces killed 10 suspected militants on Sunday in a shootout during a raid on two apartments in central Cairo, the Interior Ministry said. Nine policemen, including four officers, were injured during the two raids, it said in a statement. An insurgency led by Islamic State in Egypt s rugged Sinai peninsula has killed hundreds of soldiers and policemen since the Egyptian military overthrew President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in mid-2013, but attacks have increasingly moved to the mainland in recent months. Authorities received information about militants fleeing North Sinai to hideouts in Cairo, where they were preparing to carry out attacks on more centrally located provinces, the ministry statement said.  The police suffered their injuries after a suspected militant detonated an explosive device to block them from entering the building and during an exchange of fire that followed, security sources said.    One of the security sources said authorities suspect the individuals to be members of Hasm, a group which has claimed several attacks around the Egyptian capital targeting judges and policemen since last year. Egypt accuses Hasm of being a militant wing of the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist group it outlawed in 2013. The Muslim Brotherhood denies this.  ",1
20482,U.S. denies Iran report of confrontation with U.S. vessel,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - An Iranian military vessel confronted an American warship in the Gulf and warned it to stay away from a damaged Iranian fishing boat, Tasnim news agency reported on Sunday, but the U.S. Navy denied any direct contact with Iranian forces. The American vessel turned away after the warning from the Iranian ship, which belonged to the naval branch of the Iranian army, according to Tasnim. The Iranian military vessel then towed the fishing boat, which had sent out a distress signal after taking on water, back to shore. The agency did not specify when the incident, close to the strategic Strait of Hormuz, took place. In statement, U.S. Naval Forces Central Command (NAVCENT) said the coastal patrol USS Tempest, operating in the Gulf of Oman on Sept. 6, heard the distress call of an unidentified small boat about 75 nautical miles from the Tempest s position. At the same time the motor vessel Nordic Voyager, much closer to the boat in distress, offered help and had made visual contact with it. The Tempest offered to support the Nordic Voyager which declined the offer, NAVCENT said.  Following the radio traffic from a distance, USS Tempest heard the Nordic Voyager coordinate additional Iranian Navy help for the vessel in distress to tow it back to Iran.   At no time was there any direct contact between the U.S. and Iranian maritime forces,  NAVCENT spokesman Chloe Morgan said. Tensions have been on the rise between the Iranian and U.S. military in the Gulf in recent months. In August, an unarmed Iranian drone came within 100 feet (31 meters) of a U.S. Navy warplane as it prepared to land on an aircraft carrier in the Gulf, a U.S. official said at the time. And in July, a U.S. Navy ship fired warning shots when an Iranian vessel in the Gulf came within 150 yards (137 meters) in the first such incident since President Donald Trump took office in January, U.S. officials said. Years of mutual animosity had eased when Washington lifted sanctions on Tehran last year as part of a deal to curb Iran s nuclear ambitions. But serious differences remain over Iran s ballistic missile program and conflicts in Syria and Iraq. The Trump administration, which has taken a hard line on Iran, recently declared that Iran was complying with its nuclear agreement with world powers, but warned that Tehran was not following the spirit of the accord and that Washington would look for ways to strengthen it. During the presidential campaign last September, Trump vowed that any Iranian vessels that harass the U.S. Navy in the Gulf would be  shot out of the water.  ",1
20483,Canada deported hundreds to war-torn countries: government data,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada has deported hundreds of people to countries designated too dangerous for civilians, with more than half of those people being sent back to Iraq, according to government data obtained by Reuters. The spike in deportations comes as Canada faces a record number of migrants and is on track to have the most refugee claims in more than a decade. That has left the country scrambling to cope with the influx of asylum seekers, many crossing the U.S. border illegally. Between January 2014 and Sept. 6, 2017, Canada sent 249 people to 11 countries for which the government had suspended or deferred deportations because of dangers to civilians. That includes 134 people to Iraq, 62 to the Democratic Republic of Congo and 43 to Afghanistan, the data shows.  The number of Iraq deportations increased from 22 in 2014 to 51 in 2016 and stands at 35 so far this year.  The decision to remove someone from Canada is not taken lightly,  Canada Border Services Agency spokeswoman Patrizia Giolti wrote in an email.   Everyone ordered removed from Canada is entitled to due process before the law, and all removal orders are subject to various levels of appeal.  The Canada Council for Refugees has said existing avenues of appeal are too limited, leaving little recourse for people facing deportation to dangerous countries. Canada can deport anyone who is not a citizen, for reasons including criminality, exhausting attempts to obtain permanent residency and non-compliance with immigration laws.  The federal government has suspension or deferral designations for countries or regions deemed dangerous but may still deport people to them because of criminality, security risks or human rights violations. The United Nations  High Commission on Refugees recommends states refrain from deporting people to Iraq because of the human rights situation and the conflict there, said Jean-Nicholas Beuze, the organization s Canadian representative. But some regions, such as Kurdistan, are safer, he added.  The responsibility is on the state sending people back to those countries to make sure ... that those people will not become internally displaced within their own country and dependent on humanitarian aid,  Beuze said.     In July, a U.S. judge temporarily blocked the deportation of more than 1,400 Iraqis, many with criminal charges or convictions. They had claimed they would face death or persecution if they return to their home country because they belonged to minority groups, including Chaldean Catholics, Sunni Muslims or Iraqi Kurds. ",1
20484,Prosecutor links suspect arrested last week near Paris to ISIS,"PARIS (Reuters) - A French prosecutor said on Sunday that a man arrested last week after a police raid on a flat near Paris had a direct connection with Islamic State. Police discovered a stash of explosives in the raid last Wednesday in Villejuif, south of Paris, and found TATP, a product often used by suicide bombers.  A second cache of explosive materials was discovered in a nearby town the following day. Two men who were arrested were put into formal investigation on Sunday and placed in detention, the Paris prosecutor, Francois Molins, told a news conference. A third suspect was released with no charges.  Analysis from the material seized showed one of the suspects had been in direct contact in August 2016 with Rachid Kassim via Facebook,  Molins said. Kassim, believed to be a senior Islamic State militant,   was targeted by the U.S. military in a strike near the city of Mosul, Iraq, earlier this year. TATP has been used by militants in several attacks in Western Europe in recent years, including Manchester in May, Brussels in 2016 and Paris in 2015. More than 230 people have been killed by Islamist-inspired attackers in the past three years in France, which along with the United States and other countries are bombing Islamic State bases in Iraq and Syria. ",1
20485,South Africa's Ramaphosa steps up criticism ahead of ANC leadership vote,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, a leading contender to become head of the ruling ANC in December, stepped up his criticism of the government on Sunday, saying state-owned companies had been  captured  and funds looted from them. Ramaphosa s remarks during a speech to an African National Congress meeting in the old diamond-mining town of Kimberley  were tougher than others he has made on government graft, signaling the issue will be a main theme of his campaign.  He also took aim   without naming them - at the wealthy Gupta family, friends of President Jacob Zuma who have been accused of using undue influence to win lucrative state contracts. Zuma and the Guptas have denied any wrongdoing.  Many of these state-owned enterprises have been captured by certain people, by a certain family,  Ramaphosa said.   All of our state-owned enterprises have been captured and we are saying we want to see an end to state capture and the money that has been stolen, we want it back,  he said, to roars of approval from the audience.  South Africa s top prosecutor said on Wednesday police were examining a trove of leaked documents detailing relations between the Guptas and Zuma, but it was too early to say if a prosecution should be launched. Ramaphosa said in May that South Africa was in danger of becoming a  mafia state  and he took a swipe in July at the Guptas over media reports that state funds were diverted in 2013 to pay for a lavish Gupta family wedding. But Sunday s remarks about a  certain family  were more pointed and come as the race heats up for the ANC s top spot. The next head of the party, who will be selected in December, will be its presidential candidate in 2019 national elections. Ramaphosa s main challenger, veteran politician and Zuma s ex-wife Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, will next week be sworn in as a member of parliament, a move which could see the former minister brought back into the cabinet, raising her profile. Analysts say she has the backing of Zuma s well-established patronage network as well as organizations such as the party s Women s League. Ramaphosa is a trade unionist-turned-business tycoon who has the backing of a diverse group of unions, communists and investors who do not always see eye to eye but want to rid the ANC of Zuma s influence and legacy.  The opposition has long accused Zuma of sleaze and influence-peddling while in office. He survived a no-confidence vote in parliament on Aug. 8 but 30 ANC lawmakers voted with the opposition, indicating deep divisions in the party that has dominated South African politics since the end of apartheid in 1994. ",1
20486,Sea surges may devastate parts of Florida: Governor Scott,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A powerful sea surge will accompany Hurricane Irma as the storm moves through Florida, and that blast of ocean water could badly damage coastal areas, Florida Governor Rick Scott said.  I am very concerned about the west coast,  Scott said of Florida s western shoreline that faces the Gulf of Mexico and is being hit hard by Irma. Scott was talking on Fox News Sunday. Later, on ABC News, Scott said:  This storm surge is just deadly.  ",1
20487,Netherlands PM: Death toll from Irma on Dutch Saint Martin rises to four,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Netherlands Prime Minister Mark Rutte said on Sunday that the death toll from Hurricane Irma on the Dutch part of the island of Saint Martin has risen to four. In a first estimate on Friday, the government said that two people had died and 34 had been wounded, 11 seriously, as a result of the storm. ",1
20488,Syrian Democratic Forces say reach Deir al-Zor industrial zone: statement,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces Alliance reached an industrial zone miles to the east of Deir al-Zor city in rapid advances against Islamic State militants on Sunday, it said in a statement. The SDF announced on Saturday it had launched an operation against the jihadists in northern and eastern parts of Deir al-Zor province, which borders Iraq. The advances bring the SDF to within 15 km (10 miles) of the Syrian army and its allies, which this week broke a years-long Islamic State siege of government-held parts of Deir al-Zor on the other side of the Euphrates river. ",1
20489,"Turks safe in Germany, Merkel says, dismissing Ankara's warning","DELBRUECK, Germany (Reuters) - Turks can safely come to Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Sunday, dismissing a warning from Ankara that its citizens should take care when traveling there due to what it said was an increase in anti-Turkish sentiment. Tensions between Berlin and Ankara have been bubbling for months and Turkey s warning on Saturday came after Germany s foreign ministry said on Tuesday Germans traveling to Turkey risked arbitrary detention even in tourist areas.  I want to say very clearly that all Turkish citizens can travel here,  Merkel said in the northwestern German town of Delbrueck during a campaign event ahead of a Sept. 24 election.  No journalists get arrested here and no journalists get put in custody. Freedom of opinion and the rule of law prevail here and we re proud of that,  Merkel said. She pointed to German-Turkish journalist Deniz Yucel, who has been detained in Turkey for more than 200 days. He is one of 12 German citizens now in Turkish detention on political charges, four of them holding dual citizenship.  We think there s no justification at all for him being in prison and the same applies to at least 11 other Germans,  Merkel said. Merkel, who infuriated the Turkish government last weekend by saying she would seek an end to Turkey s membership talks with the European Union, is expected to win a fourth term in the upcoming election. Polls give her conservatives a double-digit percentage lead over their rival Social Democrats (SPD).     ",1
20490,Merkel optimistic EU dispute over refugee distribution will soon end,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she was optimistic that a dispute over how to distribute asylum seekers in the EU would soon be resolved after a court ruled on Wednesday that member states must take in a share of refugees who reach Europe. Speaking to the Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung (F.A.S.) newspaper two weeks before a national election in which she is expected to win a fourth term, Merkel said she welcomed the court s decision. Separately, the newspaper also reported that in negotiations between member states about redistribution, a compromise was starting to emerge which would link accepting refugees to payments that would come from the EU.  The vast majority of EU states had not filed a complaint about redistribution and do not take the view that they never want to take in a refugee so I think there s an opportunity to achieve a distribution of refugees that shows solidarity in the not too distant future,  Merkel said in the F.A.S. interview.  In its ruling, the EU s highest court dismissed complaints by Slovakia and Hungary over the mandatory quotas introduced in 2015 to relocate asylum seekers from Greece and Italy. Immigration has been a key issue during campaigning for Germany s Sept. 24 election. In the interview, Merkel said it was important to show solidarity in dealing with the migration crisis because otherwise there would be no solidarity on other issues in the EU and  that would be bitter for the cohesion of Europe .  The newspaper reported that in negotiations between member states about redistribution, a compromise was starting to emerge which would link accepting refugees to payments that would come from the EU. Citing sources involved in the negotiations, F.A.S. said EU member states had developed ideas such as solving the dispute by creating an incentive system in which the EU would give countries 60,000 euros for each refugee they take in. If an EU member state undercuts its quota by more than half, the 60,000 euros per person should be withdrawn, it said. As the distribution mechanism would be for a maximum of 200,000 refugees per year, it would cost up to 12 billion euros, the newspaper said. It would also be possible to put border guards or national asylum officers in overburdened states so they take in fewer migrants, the newspaper said. Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere had told a Saturday newspaper that social benefits for asylum seekers in Germany were  quite high  and needed be harmonized across Europe. ",1
20491,Irma makes landfall at Cudjoe Key in lower Florida Keys,"(Reuters) - The center of Hurricane Irma made landfall at Cudjoe Key in the lower Florida Keys at 9:10 EDT (1310 GMT), the National Hurricane Center said on Sunday. ",1
20492,Russia urges dialogue to solve Gulf crisis,"JEDDAH (Reuters) - Arab countries and Qatar should enter into direct talks to solve a diplomatic dispute, Russia s foreign minister said on a trip to Saudi Arabia on Sunday, urging all parties to restore regional unity. Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt severed ties with Qatar on June 5, accusing it of supporting terrorist groups - a charge it denies.  We have confirmed our position (that we are) in favor of settling the disagreements by means of negotiations, by directly expressing concerns and achieving solutions which would take into account the concerns and the interests of all parties,  the minister, Sergei Lavrov, told a news conference in Jeddah.   We are interested in all those mediatory efforts that are currently being made producing results and the unity of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) being restored,  he added. Kuwait and the United States have been mediating to reach a breakthrough in the three-month long crisis that has put the whole region on edge, and prompted Turkey to send troops to the wealthy Gulf state in a sign of support.  Last week, Saudi Arabia suspended any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of  distorting facts , just after a report of a phone call between the leaders of both countries suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute. Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told the news conference that Qatar needed to show seriousness in finding a solution to the crisis.  We want clarity in the Qatari position, we want seriousness in finding a solution to this crisis that leads to the implementation of principles which all countries support: no supporting terrorism, no welcoming unwanted guests, no spreading hate, no intervention in others  affairs,  Jubeir said.  The two ministers also discussed the planned de-escalation zones in Syria and unification of the Syrian opposition.  The kingdom supports the creation of de-escalation zones and looks forward to starting a political process that will end the Syrian crisis,  Jubeir said. President Bashar al-Assad s negotiators have not met directly with the opposition because there is no unified delegation from the High Negotiations Committee (HNC) and two other groups, known as the Cairo and Moscow platforms, all claim to represent the opposition. ",1
20493,"More than 300 Syrian refugees rescued, arrive in Cyprus","NICOSIA (Reuters) - Two boats crowded with 305 Syrian refugees arrived in Cyprus overnight, police said on Sunday, one of the largest group landings of migrants to the island since the outbreak of the Syrian war in 2011. The vessels were tracked sailing to the north-west of the island and were thought to have set off from the Turkish coastal city of Mersin.   For their safety they were towed to harbor,  a police spokesman said. One of the vessels had been taking in water, the spokesman added. Cyprus is the closest European Union member state to Syria, yet many fleeing conflict have largely avoided the island because it has no direct easy access to the rest of the continent.  The single largest group arrival since the Syrian conflict started was 345 people who were rescued in September 2014.  Police said they were questioning a 36 year old Syrian man believed to have been steering one of the vessels. The others would be taken to a reception center west of the capital, Nicosia.  The Syrians, who included many minors, appeared in good health. A woman and her infant were taken to hospital for precautionary reasons, the spokesman added. ",1
20494,Australia gay marriage rally draws record crowd ahead of postal vote,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - More than 20,000 people rallied in Sydney on Sunday urging the legalization of same-sex marriage, days ahead of a contentious postal survey on the issue that has divided the country.     Organizers said the gathering was Australia s largest gay rights demonstration, as a diverse range of people clad in rainbow colors converged on the heart of the city to insist on equal rights.  We re blown away by the response,  Cat Rose from Community Action Against Homophobia said.  The force we ve shown today puts us in a good stead to win this battle over the next couple of months.       Though the postal ballot is non-binding, a  yes  vote is expected to lead to the legalization of same-sex marriage which could further fracture the government of Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Ballots will be mailed out from Sept. 12, with a result expected some time in November. The country s Opposition Leader, Bill Shorten, said it was the law that had to change, not the gay community.  We ve got one last mountain to climb  before we make marriage equality a reality. Let s climb it together, today,  he said. Turnbull, who has said he will be voting in support of same-sex marriage, told a gathering of the Liberal and National parties  faithful on Sunday that the issue was one where everyone is entitled to an opinion.  Many people will vote  yes , as I will, because they believe the right to marry is a conservative ideal as much as any other principle,  he said. His words were in contrast to those of one of his party s previous leaders, former prime minister John Howard, who officially launched the  no  campaign on Saturday. Howard said in a statement on the website of the Coalition for Marriage that there could not be changes to social institutions without wider consequences.  I believe there is a conflict here between those seeking the right for same-sex marriage and the rights of the child, and I believe the right of the child to have a mother and father should be preserved,  he said. The coalition, the lead campaigner against same-sex marriage, did not respond to requests for comment. It includes the Australian Christian Lobby and the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia.   However,  yes  campaigner Kerryn Phelps, the former chief of the Australian Medical Association, said the survey was about unifying the nation.   What we want is to see Australians united in marriage equality and united in fairness for all Australians,  she said. Rally attendees Stephen Madden, 55, and David Long, 47, have been together for 21 years and want to get married.   We ve had the world s longest engagement,  Long said.  My mum would really like to have a legal son-in-law,  Madden added. The Sydney event followed a similar rally in Melbourne last month which organizers said was attended by 15,000 people. Police declined to comment on the numbers at both rallies.  Australia is one of the only developed English-speaking countries not to have legalised same-sex marriage, despite strong popular support and the backing of a majority of lawmakers.  ",1
20495,FEMA chief says Irma path is 'worst-case scenario' for Florida Keys,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The new path forged by Hurricane Irma posed a severe threat to  Florida s west coast and the Florida Keys, the head of the U.S. federal emergency agency said on Sunday, and the storm was bringing tornado watches and warnings around the state.  This is a worst case scenario for Monroe County, the Florida Keys and the west coast of Florida,  Brock Long, administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, told the  Fox News Sunday  program.  Any time you re in that northeast quadrant as the storm is moving forward, that s where the maximum radius winds are that define the intensity of the storm,  he said.  That s where the storm surge is most prevalent and the inland winds are going to be tough.  ",1
20496,Cambodian opposition party to boycott parliament vote on leader,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s main opposition party will boycott a parliamentary vote to strip their detained leader of immunity on Monday and will instead go to Kem Sokha s jail to demand his release, one of his deputies said on Sunday. Kem Sokha, the head of the Cambodian National Rescue Party (CNRP), was arrested a week ago and charged with treason for allegedly plotting to win power with the support of the United States, escalating a crackdown on critics of Prime Minister Hun Sen and independent media ahead of a general election next year. Two aid groups run by the publisher of the Cambodia Daily, shut a week ago in a dispute over a crippling tax bill, said they were suspending work after their accounts were frozen. Parliament is due to vote on whether to remove the immunity from prosecution which Kem Sokha gets as an elected member of parliament. The ruling Cambodian People s Party s (CPP) majority means the motion is certain to pass anyway. CNRP deputy leader Mu Sochua said the parliament vote was illegal.  We can t accept this. We will demand that Kem Sokha, who has not done anything wrong, be released,  she said, adding members of parliament would hold a protest at the prison where he is being held near the border with Vietnam. CPP spokesman Sok Eysan said the opposition boycott would be unconstitutional, but the CPP had enough votes to strip Kem Sokha of his immunity anyway. Hun Sen, a 65-year-old former Khmer Rouge commander, has ruled Cambodia for more than 30 years and said last week he planned to stay in power for another decade. Next year s election had been expected to be his toughest electoral test, but Western countries and human rights groups have raised doubts as to whether the vote will be fair. They have criticized Kem Sokha s arrest, but China has given its backing to close ally Hun Sen. The evidence presented against Kem Sokha so far is a video recorded in 2013 in which he discusses a strategy to win power with the help of unspecified Americans. His lawyers have dismissed the evidence as nonsense and said he was only discussing election strategy. In recent weeks, Hun Sen has also expelled the National Democratic Institute, a non-governmental organization that promotes democracy, and ordered 19 radio stations off the air. The independent English-language Cambodia Daily shut last week after being given a month to pay a $6.3 million tax demand. Japan Relief for Cambodia and World Relief for Cambodia, aid groups financed by the paper s publisher, said their accounts had been frozen and they would have to suspend building schools and teaching English and computing to thousands of pupils.  ",1
20497,Prominent Russian journalist leaves country after threats,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Prominent Russian political commentator and writer Yulia Latynina has left Russia fearing for her life, she told a Moscow radio station.  Latynina s car was set on fire at the beginning of September, weeks after unidentified assailants sprayed a poisonous substance on her house outside Moscow and the car.  I m quite scared ... I m terrified that the people who did it were prepared for fatalities,  Latynina said of the arson.  I m abroad, my parents are also abroad. It s unlikely I ll be going to Russia soon,  she told the Echo of Moscow radio station late Saturday. Latynina, who works as a columnist at the Novaya Gazeta newspaper, has been critical of the Kremlin s policy in the Chechnya republic in the Caucasus, as well as the local authorities. Last year, Latynina was attacked in the center of Moscow. ",1
20498,"One killed, several injured in bridge collapse in eastern India","BHUBANESWAR, India (Reuters) - At least one person was killed and several others injured when an under-construction flyover bridge collapsed on Sunday in eastern India, officials said. A portion of the bridge collapsed in Bhubaneswar, the capital of Odisha state where over a dozen workers were working.   We have suspended two engineers who were supervising the work,  engineer-in-chief and secretary of Odisha s works department Nalini Kanta Pradhan told Reuters. An inquiry has been ordered into the bridge collapse and appropriate action would be taken, said Naveen Patnaik, the chief minister of the state. ",1
20499,UK police release two of group arrested over suspected far-right terrorism,"LONDON (Reuters) - Two men arrested on suspicion of belonging to a banned far-right group and planning terrorist acts have been released without charge, British police said on Sunday. The men were among five, including some serving soldiers, arrested on Sept. 5 as part of a pre-planned, intelligence-led operation. They were detained on suspicion of being involved in the commission, preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism and of being members of neo-Nazi organization the National Action group.   Two men arrested by officers from West Midlands Police Counter Terrorism Unit on suspicion of terrorism offences have been released from custody ... without charge following enquiries,  West Midlands Police said in a statement.  Three other men ... continue to remain in police custody. Detectives have been granted extra time to question the men.  ",1
20500,UK publisher rejected request to block academic articles in China," (This Sept 8 story corrects headline, clarifies timing of request in paragraph 3.) By Fanny Potkin and Michael Martina LONDON/BEIJING (Reuters) - Britain s Cambridge University Press has rejected a request from its Chinese state-owned importer to block online access in China to scholarly articles from the American Political Science Review.  A request was indeed made by the Chinese importer, but was not acted upon by Cambridge University Press, so no content was blocked,  a spokeswoman for CUP said in an emailed statement. CUP later clarified that the request had been made early last month. China s State Council Information Office told Reuters on Friday that importers of foreign publications must verify that the products are legal. In August, CUP, the publishing arm of the elite Cambridge University, reversed a decision to block online access in China to several hundred articles and book reviews in the China Quarterly, a leading academic journal on Chinese affairs that has been published since the 1960s. It said it had blocked the articles, which covered sensitive topics including the 1989 Tiananmen Square democracy protests, the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution and Tibet, in order to keep its other academic and educational materials available in China. Academics called the decision an affront to academic freedom.  The State Council Information Office, responding by fax two weeks after a Reuters request for comment, said that publishers choose for themselves to import materials based on market demand and the law.  All publications imported into China s market must adhere to Chinese laws and regulations. Publication importers are responsible for checking the content of their imported publications,  it said, without mentioning CUP. ",1
20501,"Weeks after row over academic articles, China says imported publications must be legal","BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese importers of foreign publications must verify the products are legal, China said on Friday, weeks after a British academic publisher which blocked access to hundreds of scholarly articles in the country reposted the material. Cambridge University Press (CUP) said in August that it had removed some 300 papers and book reviews published in the China Quarterly journal from its website in China following a request from the Chinese government.  It said it had blocked the articles, which covered sensitive topics, including the 1989 Tiananmen Square democracy protests, the 1960s Cultural Revolution and Tibet, in order to keep its other academic and educational materials available in the country. The move sparked an outcry from academics, who attacked the decision as an affront to academic freedom. CUP, the publishing arm of Britain s elite Cambridge University, later reversed its decision and reposted the articles. China s State Council Information Office, responding by fax two weeks after a Reuters request for comment, said that publishers choose for themselves to import materials based on market demand and the law.  All publications imported into China s market must adhere to Chinese laws and regulations. Publication importers are responsible for checking the content of their imported publications,  it said without elaborating. It did not mention CUP. At the time, China s education ministry, foreign ministry, cyberspace administration and state publishing authority all declined to comment. The ruling Communist Party s efforts to censor news and information have sometimes backfired or left outsiders perplexed. In 2009, software designed to check pornographic and violent images on PCs blocked images of a movie poster for cartoon cat Garfield, dishes of flesh-colour cooked pork and on one search engine a close-up of film star Johnny Depp s face. But under President Xi Jinping, Beijing has stepped up censorship, tightened controls on the internet and various aspects of civil society, and reasserted party authority over academia and other institutions. ",1
20502,"UK doesn't need Brexit to curb EU immigration, says former PM Blair","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain could bring in tough new controls on immigration from the European Union without actually having to leave the bloc, former prime minister Tony Blair said on Sunday. Concerns over the impact of high levels of immigration on public services and housing were cited as a factor by many who voted to leave the EU in last year s referendum. Prime Minister Theresa May s Conservative government has said free movement of EU citizens coming to Britain must end. Many Brexit supporters blame Blair s government, which allowed citizens of former communist states to settle immediately in Britain despite a long transition period implemented by other EU countries, for a big influx of EU migrants from 2004.  There is no diversion possible from Brexit without addressing the grievances that gave rise to it. Paradoxically, we have to respect the referendum vote to change it,  Blair, who has said Brexit can and should be stopped, wrote in the Sunday Times newspaper.  We can curtail the things that people feel are damaging about European immigration, both by domestic policy change and by agreeing change within Europe to the freedom of movement principle,  added Blair, who led a Labour government for a decade from 1997. Asked about Blair s proposals, defense minister Michael Fallon said the government had to get on with delivering Brexit.  The country has taken its decision, we are leaving the European Union now and that means freedom of movement has to end ... there have got to be restrictions on those coming here,  he told BBC Television. A leaked government document last week said Britain was considering measures to restrict immigration for all but the highest-skilled EU workers, plans some companies called alarming. A paper published on Sunday by Blair s Institute for Global Change said the government could take steps including registering EU migrants when they arrive to keep track of whether they meet EU rules about finding work. EU migrants could also be forced to show evidence of a job offer before being allowed to enter Britain, and those without permission to reside could be banned from renting, opening a bank account or accessing welfare benefits, it said. The paper also proposes seeking an  emergency brake  to implement temporary controls on migration when services are stretched   a strengthened version of a deal offered to former Prime Minister David Cameron ahead of the referendum. ",1
20503,Suicide bomber kills six people in central Somalia: police,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - At least 6 people died on Sunday after a suicide bomber blew himself up in a restaurant just outside a senior official s office in the central Somali city of Beledweyne, police and residents said. The al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab group said it was behind the attack.  At least six people died and several others were wounded. A suicide bomber blew up himself in a restaurant,  major Hussein Osman, a police officer told Reuters from Beledweyne. The Sunday afternoon blast took place outside the office of the governor of the Hiran region, where he was holding a meeting, police and residents said.  We are behind the attack at the Hiran governor s headquarters. There are casualties. We targeted the workers of the Hiran administration,  said Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab s military operation spokesman. Beledweyne is about 340 km north of Mogadishu. Residents said clan elders were among the dead.  The suicide bomber who had an explosive jacket stood inside the restaurant and blew up himself. We were heading to a meeting in the governor s office when it happened,  Farah Ali, a local elder, told Reuters. Somalia has been at war since 1991, when clan-based warlords overthrew dictator Siad Barre and then turned on each other. Al Shabaab has in the past carried out frequent attacks in Mogadishu and other parts of Somalia in a bid to topple the country s Western-backed government and drive out African Union peacekeeping troops. Al Shabaab also wants to impose its strict interpretation of Islam in Somalia. ",1
20504,NATO's Stoltenberg says North Korea's 'reckless behavior' requires global response,"LONDON (Reuters) - North Korea s  reckless behavior  is a global threat and requires a global response, the head of the NATO military alliance said on Sunday. NATO has not been directly involved in the crisis, which saw Pyongyang carry out its sixth and most powerful nuclear test a week ago, but has repeatedly called on North Korea to abandon its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.  The reckless behavior of North Korea is a global threat and requires a global response and that of course also includes NATO,  NATO head Jens Stoltenberg said in an interview with BBC television. Asked whether an attack on the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam would trigger NATO s Article 5, which requires each member of the alliance to come to the defense of any other, Stoltenberg said:  I will not speculate about whether Article 5 will be applied in such a situation.    We are now totally focused on how can we contribute to a peaceful solution of the conflict,  he said.   There is no easy way out of this difficult situation, but at the same time we have to ... continue to work for political solution, continue to press also the economic sanctions.  The United States and its allies had been bracing for another long-range missile launch in time for the 69th anniversary of North Korea s founding on Saturday, but no fresh provocations were spotted while the North held numerous events to mark the holiday. Throughout last week, South Korean officials had warned the North could launch another intercontinental ballistic missile in defiance of U.N. sanctions and amid escalating tensions with the United States. British defense minister Michael Fallon also told the BBC he was very concerned about the situation.  We are doing now what we can to bring about a diplomatic solution, what we have to avoid at all costs is this spilling over in to any kind of military conflict,  he said.  The U.S. is fully entitled to defend its own territory, to defend its bases and to look after its people but this involves us, London is closer to North Korea and its missiles than Los Angeles.  Fallon said he did not believe North Korea currently had a missile capable of hitting London but said the missile program was accelerating and their range was getting  longer and longer .  We have to get this program halted because the dangers now of miscalculation, of some accident triggering a response are extremely great,  he said. ",1
20505,"North Korea's Kim Jong Un fetes nuclear scientists, holds celebration bash","SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korean leader Kim Jong Un hosted a massive celebration to congratulate his nuclear scientists and technicians who steered the country s sixth and largest nuclear test a week ago, its official news agency said on Sunday. The United States and its allies had been bracing for another long-range missile launch in time for the 69th anniversary of North Korea s founding on Saturday, but no fresh provocations were spotted while the North held numerous events to mark the holiday. Throughout last week, South Korean officials had warned the North could launch another intercontinental ballistic missile in defiance of U.N. sanctions and amid an escalating standoff with the United States. Washington told the U.N. Security Council on Friday to call a meeting on Monday to vote on a draft resolution establishing additional sanctions on North Korea for its missile and nuclear program. Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera said it was vital to put pressure on North Korea through additional sanctions, including blocking or slowing its fuel supplies.  If we put firm pressure on North Korea such that it realizes it cannot develop missiles, it will accept dialogue and we can progress with diplomatic efforts,  Onodera told public broadcaster NHK on Sunday.  Unless we firmly apply pressure, North Korea will not change its direction.  KCNA said Kim threw a banquet to laud the nuclear scientists and other top military and party officials who contributed to the nuclear bomb test last Sunday, topped with an art performance and a photo session with the leader himself.  KCNA did not specify when the banquet had been held, but analysts said it had likely been on Saturday. Photos released on Sunday by KCNA showed the young leader breaking into a broad smile at the People s Theater with two prominent scientists: Ri Hong Sop, head of North Korea s Nuclear Weapons Institute, and Hong Sung Mu, deputy director of the ruling Workers  Party of Korea s munitions industry department.  Ri and Hong have played vital roles in the North s nuclear program, appearing at close distance to Kim during field inspections and weapons tests, including the latest nuclear test. Ri is a former director of Yongbyon Nuclear Research Center, North Korea s main nuclear facility north of Pyongyang, where Hong also worked as a chief engineer.  North Korea had said the latest test was an advanced hydrogen bomb. There was no independent confirmation but some Western experts said there was enough strong evidence to suggest the reclusive state has either developed a hydrogen bomb or was getting very close. KCNA said on Sunday the scientists and technicians  brought the great auspicious event of the national history, an extra-large event through the perfect success in the test of H-bomb .  Kim praised the developers in his own remarks as  taking the lead  in attaining the  final goal of completing the state nuclear force  in line with his parallel pursuit of nuclear and economic development.   The recent test of the H-bomb is the great victory won by the Korean people at the cost of their blood while tightening their belts in the arduous period,  Kim was quoted as saying.  Ri and Hong s roles have also been noted overseas, prompting the United Nations, the United States or South Korea to blacklist them.  Aside from the elite, rank-and-file North Koreans also commemorated the anniversary on Saturday by visiting the Kumsusan Palace of the Sun, which houses the embalmed bodies of founding father Kim Il Sung and his son and successor Kim Jong Il. KCNA said service personnel and civilians, including children, laid floral baskets and bouquets at the statues of the deceased leaders across the country, while enjoying art performances and dancing parties. ",1
20506,Rohingya refugees in Pakistan fear for relatives in Myanmar,"KARACHI (Reuters) - For an estimated 300,000 Rohingya Muslims living in squalor in Pakistan s largest city, the news from Myanmar in the past two weeks is reviving  painful memories of the violence that drove many of them here half a century ago.  Some say they have got word of relatives being killed in Myanmar s Rakhine state or are not being able to contact family members.  Karachi s Rohingya community comprises migrants from an earlier era of displacement dating back to the 1960s and  70s. Despite decades in a foreign land, they have stayed in touch with family back home, especially in recent years through mobile phones and social media.  In the past two weeks, nearly 300,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh after the Myanmar military launched an offensive in response to a series of attacks by Rohingya insurgents on police posts and an army base. Hundreds of homes in Rohingya villages have been burned and about 400 people have been killed.  The older members of Karachi s Rohingya community fled from a repressive military regime that took power in 1962, escaping on foot or by boat to Bangladesh, which was then East Pakistan. Eventually, they made their way to Karachi. Most of the people living in the slum called Arakanabad were born in Pakistan, or fled violence in their homeland decades ago. It s named for Arakan, which was what Rakhine used to be called. Raheela Sadiq, a more recent migrant who came to Pakistan 15 years ago, said she has been unable to contact relatives in Rakhine via mobile phone for nearly two weeks.   I have seen what is happening to people over there on the internet,  she said as tears filled her eyes. Videos and pictures depicting violence in Rakhine and shared on social media are passed around quickly in Arakanabad, adding to fears and anxiety about relatives back home.  Fisherman Noor Mohammed, 50, said three members of his  family in Rakhine were killed a few days ago.   My brother, brother-in-law, and nephew were there (in Rakhine). They are all dead now. The army over there killed them,  he said, adding that he heard the news from another nephew who is still alive.   Hoor Bahar, 60, said she left Rakhine with her husband over 30 years ago when her mother and sister were killed.   I have one sister left who went to Bangladesh seven to 10 days ago,  she added. However, she said, her sister is being held on a beach by boatmen who brought her from Rakhine and are demanding $350 as payment. Arakanabad smells of fish. The Rohingya who live here largely work on fishing boats, or clean the catch brought by fishermen who set sail from the nearby Korangi Creek.  Most of them say they are not able to obtain Pakistani identity cards, essential for opening bank accounts, enrolling children in schools, using public hospitals, and even getting a job.  Fishing boats, where identity cards are not asked for, are one of the few employment options left although fishermen can sometimes be asked for identification by coast guards.   There is no policy in Pakistan for the Rohingya,  said Noor Hussain, the Pakistan head of the Rohingya Solidarity Organization, pointing out that the without state-issued identity cards the community cannot progress. Thousands of Rohingya families are crammed into the one-room cement brick houses that line the narrow streets of Arakanabad.  Children play amidst knee-high garbage, and crowd around to share slices of jello topped with sugar, or other sweetmeats sold by hawkers.   The community is living in extremely difficult circumstances, and our youth is being destroyed because they cannot get an education,  said Hussain. Despite the poverty, the community raised around 1.5 million rupees ($15,000) over the Eid al-Adha holidays earlier this month to help refugees fleeing Rakhine.   Our community is not a burden on Pakistan,  Hussain said.   The government of Pakistan is making millions of dollars by exporting the fish our people catch,  he said, adding that  giving citizenship rights to the Rohingya would only benefit the country. ",1
20507,Nancy Hatch Dupree 'Grandmother of Afghanistan' dies in Kabul,"KABUL (Reuters) - Nancy Hatch Dupree, a historian from the United States who helped set up the Afghanistan Centre at Kabul University, has died in the country whose culture she worked for more than five decades to preserve, the university said on Sunday. She was 89. Dupree arrived in Kabul in 1962 as a diplomat s wife but soon divorced and married Louis Dupree, an archaeologist celebrated for his adventurous exploits and groundbreaking discoveries of Paleolithic Afghan tools and artifacts. For the next 15 years, they traveled across Afghanistan by Land Rover as Louis Dupree excavated prehistoric sites and Nancy wrote a series of witty and insightful guidebooks to a country since torn apart by decades of warfare.  She called herself an old monument and a lot of Afghans called her the  Grandmother of Afghanistan,  said Wahid Wafa, Executive Director of the Afghanistan Centre.  She understood and knew Afghanistan much better than anybody else.  A fixture in the social scene of Kabul during the 1970s, a now-vanished world of smart cocktail parties and mini-dresses, they were forced to leave in 1978 after the Soviet-backed government accused Louis Dupree of being a spy. Her husband died in 1989 and much of the time before her return to Afghanistan in 2005 was spent in Pakistan, where as well as briefly meeting Osama Bin Laden and working with the growing number of war refugees, she assiduously gathered as much documentation on Afghanistan as she could. In 2005, after the fall of the Taliban and the installation of a new Western-backed government in Kabul, she returned with some 35,000 documents wrapped up in fertilizer bags, which became the basis for the Afghanistan Centre archive. A prolific writer, she was director of the Centre between 2006 and 2011 and continued to go into her office after she stepped down, remaining an institution in the cultural life of Kabul and receiving a stream of visitors.    It was Nancy s aim to preserve Afghanistan s heritage,  said Wafa.  She was a very funny, interesting person who loved to talk to anyone coming to visit. She was kind, she was very giving with the information she had and she was always lobbying for the Afghanistan she first knew.  While she could be waspishly critical of both blundering Westerners and Afghans she felt were promoting a bigoted version of their culture, she retained her faith in her adopted country to the end, Wafa said.   Despite the 40 years of war in Afghanistan she was always hopeful of the future and hopeful for the future of the new generation in Afghanistan.  ",1
20508,Israeli jets break sound barrier in south Lebanon causing damage,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Israeli jets flew low over the city of Saida in southern Lebanon on Sunday causing sonic booms that broke windows and shook buildings for the first time in years, security sources and residents said. Israeli warplanes regularly enter Lebanese airspace, the Lebanese military says, but rarely fly so low. The Israeli military gave no immediate comment. The sonic booms also caused panic in Saida, residents said. Tension has risen between Lebanon s Shi ite group Hezbollah and Israel, which last fought a war in 2006.  Hezbollah has played down the prospects of another imminent conflict but warned it could take place on Israeli territory, and said its rockets could hit targets anywhere in Israel. Israel s air force chief has said it would use all its strength in a future war with Hezbollah. The 2006 war killed 1,200 Lebanese, mostly civilians, and 160 Israelis, mostly soldiers. ",1
20509,Netanyahu's son under fire over 'anti-Semitic' imagery on Facebook,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - From an argument over dog poo to an alleged anti-Semitic caricature he posted on Facebook, Yair Netanyahu, the Israeli prime minister s 26-year-old son, is courting controversy with his social media activity. The criticism of Netanyahu in Israel is turning into a sideshow to more weighty events: criminal investigations into corruption allegations against his father and mother. They both deny any wrongdoing. The young Netanyahu is widely seen in Israel as being groomed by his parents as a future political leader and the Facebook posts have attracted particular public interest. On Saturday, he posted a cartoon using what the Anti-Defamation League, which monitors anti-Semitism worldwide, described as anti-Semitic imagery in a Facebook post mocking some of his father s critics. It included a depiction of U.S. billionaire George Soros at the top of a food chain, dangling the world in front of both a reptile and former prime minister Ehud Barak, a frequent critic of Netanyahu. Jewish financiers controlling the world is a well-known anti-Semitic theme. Soros supports left-wing and human rights organizations that have been highly critical of Israel and its treatment of Palestinians. The Israel office of the Anti-Defamation League denounced the cartoon on Twitter, writing:  The caricature posted by Yair Netanyahu includes explicit anti-Semitic elements. One cannot belittle the danger inherent in an anti-Semitic discourse.  In further Facebook posts following criticism for posting  the cartoon, Yair Netanyahu, who is a university student, condemned the Israeli left for being two-faced in trying to silence him. A family spokesman said Yair Netanyahu would not be making any other comment. The prime minister refused to ask questions from reporters about the post on Sunday morning at the start of his weekly cabinet meeting. Last month, the son made another headline-grabbing post after a protester was killed during a white nationalist rally in the U.S. state of Virginia.  It appeared to suggest that hard-left organizations now pose more of a danger than neo-Nazi groups, which he wrote are a dying breed. In July, Netanyahu junior found himself in a bizarre social media row over dog poo. A neighbor of the family said on Facebook that Yair, who lives with his parents, responded with an obscene gesture and walked away after she had asked him to clean up the mess left by the dog he was walking in a park. The post went viral. A family spokesman said at the time that the woman had behaved aggressively and  Yair does not know if Kaiya (the dog) did defecate as (she) alleges . Some critics in Israel suggested Netanyahu s online activities were meant to deflect attention from his parent s legal troubles.      On Friday, Israel s attorney-general said he was considering indicting Sara Netanyahu on suspicion of using state funds for personal dining and catering services amounting to some $100,000. Benjamin Netanyahu, who has served as prime minister for 11 years, spread over four terms, is being investigated by police in two corruption cases. ",1
20510,"Koreans in Japan wary of tensions with North, worry about backlash","OSAKA, Japan (Reuters) - Ethnic Koreans living in Japan are nervously watching growing tensions over North Korea and are wary of a possible backlash against their community as Pyongyang ramps up its sabre-rattling. While public antipathy towards Koreans does not appear to have escalated in reaction to the North s latest nuclear test and missile launches, the community has been the target of abuse by Japanese nationalists after similar incidents in the past. The North conducted its most powerful nuclear test ever last week, and in late August fired a ballistic missile over Hokkaido in northern Japan in a new show of force.     In the western Japanese city of Osaka   home to the country s largest population of ethnic Koreans   few are willing to talk publicly about North Korea, and those that do have mixed views on Pyongyang s actions. Pu Kyon Ja, owner of the store selling Korean traditional clothes and a second-generation Korean resident in Japan, said she felt the North s pursuit of nuclear weapons was a natural reaction against threats from the United States.  I can t say this loudly but I secretly think well done  on  North Korea s development of missile and nuclear capabilities, she said. North Korea is  under great pressure (from the international society), which I believe should end.   I m watching over the current situation with great hope,  she added. On the other hand, Chung Kap-su, another second-generation Korean in the town, said he hopes North Korea stops further provocations and pursues a peaceful path by seeking dialogue with South Korea.  North Korea can t defeat (the United States), so I hope it changes its way.  Some 453,096 South Koreans and 32,461 North Koreans lived in Japan last year, according to government data. Many were forced to move there during Japan s occupation of the Korean peninsula before and during World War Two. Japan passed an anti-hate law last year, which may be discouraging fresh acts of abuse against the community, but the issue still bears watching, said Moon Gyeong-su, professor of ethnic Korean studies at Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto.  When North Korea launches missile or conducts nuclear tests, for example, Korean schools have been an easy target for bullies and accusations (in Japan),  he added.    ",1
20511,Wife of detained Taiwan activist to attend his trial in China,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - The wife and mother of detained Taiwanese rights activist Lee Ming-che were due to arrive in China on Sunday to attend his subversion trial on Monday, Taiwan s Mainland Affairs Council said in a statement, calling for Lee s safe return home. Lee, a community college teacher and pro-democracy and human rights activist, went missing during a March visit to China. Authorities later confirmed he had been detained, straining already-tense ties between the mainland and the self-ruling island. Authorities at the Intermediate People s Court of Yueyang city, in the central province of Hunan, said Monday s trial on suspicion of subversion of state power would be an open hearing. Chinese courts have video-streamed or live-blogged increasing numbers of proceedings in recent years as part of a push towards judicial transparency However, rights activists say that in sensitive cases, holding  open  hearings is a tool for authorities to demonstrate state power and that usually the defendant has agreed to an outcome. On Saturday, Lee s wife, Lee Ching-yu, asked during a news conference that supporters forgive her husband if he says something in court which disappoints them, as he might be required to give testimony against his own free will. On Sunday she declined to comment to a large media contingent as she checked into her flight at Taipei Songshan Airport, where she was to fly to Changsha, in Hunan province, via Shanghai.  Taiwan s Mainland Affairs Council said it would do everything in its power to facilitate Lee s safe return.  Our government s approach to this case has been predicated on preserving our country s dignity while ensuring Lee Ming-che s safety,  it said. Lee s case has strained relations between Taipei and Beijing, which have been particularly tense since President Tsai Ing-wen, leader of Taiwan s independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party, took office last year. Beijing regards the island as a breakaway province and it has never renounced the use of force to bring it back under mainland control. ",1
20512,"With Trump meeting, Malaysia's PM seeks to put 1MDB scandal behind him","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - In a room packed with Malaysian civil servants, foreign ministry secretary general Ramlan Ibrahim raised his right hand as he read out an anti-corruption pledge. He was among thousands of state officials nationwide to take such an oath in the past several weeks, part of an anti-graft campaign called by Prime Minister Najib Razak.  The citizens are becoming more informed   they ask for public service which is more efficient, transparent and fair,  Ramlan said after the event in Putrajaya, the administrative capital. The campaign comes as Najib prepares to meet President Donald Trump in the United States this week, where the Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are pursuing investigations into 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB), a state fund the prime minister oversaw. Najib must also call a general election by mid-2018 although some commentators have suggested he could do so this year itself. The Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) has arrested  dozens of top officials under the anti-graft campaign, including officers at national oil company Petronas and state-controlled palm oil firm Felda. More than 600 arrests were made just this year, MACC data showed. The actions are unusual in the Southeast Asian country, where corruption is seen as widespread. Four out of five Malaysians aged 18-35 cited corruption as the most serious issue facing the country, according to a survey released last month by the Global Shapers Community, a programme under the World Economic Forum.     But critics say the campaign ignores the elephant in the room: 1MDB. The state fund is being investigated in at least six countries for money-laundering and misappropriation of funds, including an alleged $681 million transfer into the prime minister s personal account.  Malaysia s attorney-general closed the 1MDB probe in January 2016, and cleared Najib of any wrongdoing.   The U.S. Justice Department has sought to seize about $1.7 billion in assets allegedly bought with stolen 1MDB funds. Its lawsuits say those involved included Najib s step-son Riza Aziz and his close associate Jho Low.  In court filings last Tuesday, the FBI, which is conducting a criminal investigation, alleged that potential witnesses in the case fear for their safety and need protection.  But investigations into 1MDB in Malaysia appear to have shut down. MACC had  a roomful  of files on 1MDB, a former MACC official told Reuters, but the commission could not pursue it once Malaysia s attorney-general declared the case closed.  In a way, this campaign is the MACC trying to show that it is doing its job. Even if they cannot secure a conviction (against their targets), the MACC can show that it has done all it could to stamp out major corruption,  said the former official, who declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter. Cynthia Gabriel, director of the Kuala Lumpur-based Center to Combat Corruption and Cronyism (C4), said there was  enough substance  for MACC to reopen the case on 1MDB.  MACC declined to comment on whether the commission would reopen its 1MDB investigation.   No comment on that, we are very fair in investigating anybody here, whoever they are,  deputy chief commissioner Azam Baki told reporters in Putrajaya. Anti-corruption campaigners say they fear Trump s invitation to Najib to visit the United States may affect the investigations in the United States.  Territorial influence and geopolitical interests of the United States appears to have hollowed out its commitment to fight international corruption, much to the detriment of the future of Malaysia and the world,  Gabriel said. U.S.-based Human Rights Watch (HRW) said Trump s invitation was  particularly inappropriate , given Najib s use of repressive laws to stifle critics.  There s little doubt that Najib will use this White House visit to burnish his credentials going into next year s election in Malaysia, and redouble his repression of critics using the stamp of approval from this visit,  HRW s deputy Asia director Phil Robertson told Reuters.  Najib has said he hopes his visit will drum up more trade and investment for Malaysia.  I would like to see this as a two way mutually beneficial partnership,  he told reporters on Friday.  I hope the U.S. sees Malaysia as a reliable partner on issues such as trade and investment, security partnership, counter terrorism and I also hope that U.S. companies see us as among the best countries to invest in.  A government source said a defense agreement was also on the table, although no details were immediately available. Senior leaders of the ruling United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) are concerned the party may suffer election losses from the string of graft scandals linked to Najib, a source aware of discussions within the party said. With Najib and the MACC s clean-up campaign, the source said, the party hopes to appease Malaysians frustrated with the corruption and draw back foreign investors who fled as the probe into 1MDB expanded. Besides diverting attention from 1MDB, critics say Najib is also using MACC s anti-graft campaign to target political opponents such as Lim Guan Eng, an opposition leader who is the top elected official in Penang province. He has been charged with abuse of power in the purchase of a bungalow.  You are going after all sorts of offences, but the biggest one, it stinks to high heaven,  said Lim, the secretary-general of the Democratic Action Party.  Everyone can smell it, except you.  ",1
20513,Havana braced for floods after Hurricane Irma rakes Cuban keys,"HAVANA/CAIBARIEN (Reuters) - Hurricane Irma uprooted trees and tore off roofs in Cuba on Saturday with 125-mile-per-hour (200-km per hour) winds that damaged hotels in the island s best-known beach resorts and forced evacuations as far along the coast as low-lying areas of the capital Havana.  Power was out and cellphone service was spotty in many regions as Irma neared the end of a 200-mile (320-km) trek westwards along the top of the island. It was forecast to head north toward Florida in the evening. In the fishing town of Caibarien, residents swept mud from beachside homes after storm surge drove 3 feet (1 meter) of seawater up the shore. In streets carpeted with fresh green seaweed as the water receded, people said it was the strongest cyclone ever to hit the town.   Sheets of zinc that came flying into our backyard also damaged the kitchen wall and we lost many roof tiles,  said Angel Coya, 52, adding he was optimistic that Cuba s Communist government would help repair the damage.  We have to keep on.  Irma s turn northward was expected to occur around 150 miles (240 km) east of the capital. Nevertheless, authorities shut off power in large parts of the city and evacuated some 10,000 people from central Havana near the Malecon seawall because of fears of flooding from the storm surge. By Saturday evening, the sea had penetrated two blocks over parts of the city s historic seafront boulevard, and the waters were expected to advance farther as the surge grew. Restaurants on the seaside drive pulled down their shutters and stacked sandbags against the storm. Still, many Cubans expressed a sense of relief after the eye of the first Category 5 storm to make landfall on the island since 1932 passed over the northern keys, just grazing the mainland with its full force.  Honestly, I expected worse. I thought I would come back and find the roof gone,  said Yolexis Domingo, 39, using a machete to hack the branches off a tree that fell in front of his house in Caibarien.  Still, it is going to be a while before I can come back to live here. The water came up to a meter high and some of the roof flew off.  Overnight, the storm pounded the chain of pristine keys and tourism resorts that stretch along the coast from central Camaguey province to Villa Clara province, and it was headed toward Varadero, Cuba s most famous beach getaway.  Cayos Coco and Guillermo, the crown jewels of what is known as the King s Gardens, with 16 hotels frequented by Canadian and European tourists, sustained serious damage, local authorities in the area said.  At least one bridge on a causeway to the area collapsed, and the communications tower for the keys was no longer standing. Dozens of coastal towns were damaged, with some reports of collapsed houses, though no deaths had been reported.  This is a beautiful town but now it is a disaster,  said local resident Sandro Sanchez, 27, walking through the main square after the hurricane had passed Remedios, in Villa Clara. Corrugated iron from roofs were strewn in the streets alongside rubble. Lampposts were bent double, plant pots smashed and the fronds of palm trees shredded.  You can t do anything against nature,  he said.  We never had a storm wreak so much damage here. This is really a mess.  On Saturday, Irma covered most of the island, the Caribbean s largest. Its force sent shockwaves and flooding inward. In the city of Camaguey, Anaida Morales said she just been through a night from hell with her mom, stepson and husband.      The trees in the park in front of my house are down and others strewn all over the streets. Lots of roofs are gone and some houses collapsed. The river that runs through the city is about to flood,  she said.  The wind roared all night and it is still strong. I couldn t sleep. I m scared of hurricanes and this is the worst I have been through,  she said. Morales said she made a phone call to her daughter, who shares her name, in Florida, where millions of people were preparing for Irma s arrival.  I just spoke to Anaida, it is hard to believe she is getting ready to go through the same thing I just did,  she said. ",1
20514,Florida Keys hit by near-hurricane winds from Irma - NHC,"(Reuters) - Wind gusts near hurricane force were occurring in the Florida Keys, the National Hurricane Center said on Saturday in an update on Hurricane Irma. The storm was about 105 miles (170 km) southeast of Key West with maximum sustained winds of 125 miles per hour (205 kilometers per hour), the center said.  Irma was moving west-northwest at 9 mph (15 kph).  The center said a weather station in Vaca Key reported sustained winds of 48 mph (77 kph) with a gust to 66 mph (106 kph). Marathon, Florida, in the Keys reported sustained winds of 51 mph (81 kph) with a gust to 71 mph (115 kph). On the Saffir-Simpson wind scale, sustained winds of at least 74 mph (119 kph) are classified as hurricane strength. Irma s maximum sustained winds of 125 mph were classified as a Category Three storm.  ",1
20515,Rohingya insurgents declare temporary ceasefire amid humanitarian crisis,"BANGKOK/COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Rohingya insurgents declared a month-long unilateral ceasefire, starting on Sunday, to enable aid groups to help ease a humanitarian crisis in northwest Myanmar. Nearly 300,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh and 30,000 non-Muslim civilians have been displaced inside Myanmar after the military launched a counter-offensive following attacks by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) insurgents on 30 police posts and an army base on Aug. 25.  ARSA strongly encourages all concerned humanitarian actors resume their humanitarian assistance to all victims of the humanitarian crisis, irrespective of ethnic or religious background during the ceasefire period,  ARSA said in a statement.   The impact of the move is unclear. The group does not appear to have been able to put up significant resistance against the military force unleashed in Myanmar s northwestern Rakhine state. In the last two weeks, thousands of homes have been burned down, dozens of villages uprooted and thousands of people are still on the move toward the border with Bangladesh. The wave of hungry and traumatized refugees pouring into Bangladesh has strained aid agencies and local communities already helping hundreds of thousands displaced by previous waves of violence in Myanmar. In its statement, ARSA called on the military to also lay down arms and allow humanitarian aid to all affected people. Myanmar says its security forces are carrying out clearance operations to defend against ARSA, which the government has declared a terrorist organization. Rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population. On Friday, the United Nations in Bangladesh found tens of thousands of refugees who had not been counted before, raising the count to 270,000 from some 164,000 the day before. On Saturday, that jumped by another 20,000 to 290,000. On Saturday, thousands of Rohingya were milling on the road near the camp of Kutapalong, carrying bamboo and tarpaulin to build shacks. Children and women flocked to every stopping vehicle, begging. Aid workers say a serious humanitarian crisis is also unfolding on the Myanmar side of the border. Red Cross organizations are scaling up their operations in Rakhine after the United Nations had to suspend activities there following government suggestions that its agency had supported the insurgents. The United Nations evacuated non-critical staff from the area. Thousands of displaced people in Rakhine have been stranded or left without food for weeks. Many are still trying to cross mountains, dense bush and rice fields to reach Bangladesh.   The U.N. and INGOs have not been very welcome in Rakhine and...they are not able to operate and ensure the safety and security of their staff and volunteers,  said Joy Singhal of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC). The government had invited the Red Cross to assist them, he said. Aid workers worry many Rohingya had been left without food since mid-July, when the World Food Programme (WFP), which had been providing food and cash assistance, was unable to operate. The government said it would set up camps for internally displaced people in Rakhine but the move could draw opposition from U.N. humanitarian experts.  (This story corrects to change  she  to  he  in 14th paragraph) ",1
20516,Exclusive: Flying into the eye of Hurricane Irma with U.S. 'Hurricane Hunters',"THE EYE OF HURRICANE IRMA (Reuters) - The sky darkened, lightning flashed and a jolt of turbulence shook the cabin of the hulking Air Force turbo-prop aircraft as it plied its way toward the eye of Hurricane Irma, one of the strongest Atlantic storms ever recorded. Piloting the four-engine, WC-130J aircraft was Air Force Reserve Lieutenant Colonel Jim Hitterman, who over the past 22 years has flown into 40 to 50 hurricanes.  Every storm is different but he likens the experience to driving through a car wash - with one big difference.  As you re driving through that car wash, a bunch of gorillas start jumping on top of your car,  Hitterman said, adding that sometimes shaking gets so bad, he cannot see his instruments.  On Friday and Saturday, Reuters accompanied the Air Force Reserves   Hurricane Hunters,  whose hard-won data taken directly from the center of storms like Hurricane Irma are critical to U.S. forecasts that save lives. Experts say U.S. satellite data simply cannot do the job.  We can estimate by satellite what the strength and size of a hurricane is. But only if you go into the hurricane can you really get an accurate measure of its exact center location, the structure, the maximum winds,  said Rick Knabb, a hurricane expert at the Weather Channel and a former director the National Hurricane Center. The 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron s  Hurricane Hunters  are based at Keesler Air Force Base in Biloxi, Mississippi. Its members trace the origin of hurricane hunting to a 1943 barroom dare by two then-Army Air Corps pilots to fly through a hurricane off Texas. Today, the missions are carried out largely by Air Force reservists who, after a few days or weeks of chasing storms, return to their jobs in the civilian world. Hitterman, 49, flies for Delta Airlines most of the time and, as a hobby, races motorcycles.  The flight meteorologist, Major Nicole Mitchell, is an experienced television news meteorologist and mother of an eight-month-old baby boy. She normally lives in Minnesota. The way Mitchell sees it, the more accurate her data is, the more accurate the forecasts can be that tell U.S. citizens whether to evacuate their homes as Irma or other storms advance.  It s a fact that we make a difference,  she said. Mitchell s plane would make four passes in total through Irma s eye during that mission, some entries and exits more turbulent than others. Its final pass came on Saturday, as Hurricane Irma walloped Cuba s northern coast. Irma s interaction with Cuba s terrain weakened the storm from a Category 5 to a Category 4 hurricane but U.S. National Hurricane Center warned the storm was anticipated to strengthen again.  Irma was expected to hit Florida on Sunday morning, bringing massive damage from wind and flooding to America s fourth-largest state by population. Millions of Florida residents have been ordered to evacuate. Despite the severity of storms like Irma and the undeniable danger on the ground, these U.S. flights into hurricanes have an incredible safety record - not one aircraft has been lost in more than four decades. The last time was in 1974. But they are not without risk. Some six hurricane or typhoon hunting aircraft have been lost in total, costing 53 lives, according to the Weather Underground website. Jeff Masters, director of meteorology of The Weather Underground, recalled an extremely close call during a flight into Hurricane Hugo in 1989 organized by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), which also fields its own turbo-prop aircraft.  The pilot lost control of the aircraft, one of the engines caught on fire, and the aircraft descended rapidly, all because satellite data had given his crew the sense they were flying into a Category 3 storm. It turned out to be a Category 5. They were flying much too low for a storm that potent.   We went in at 1,500 feet, which is a no-no in a Category 5 and we got clobbered,  recounted Masters. The pilot was able to recover control after entering Hugo s eye. On the mission into Irma, jolts of turbulence also shook the equipment in the cabin as it neared the eye of the hurricane. Emergency parachutes swayed.  But then, suddenly, everything in the plane settled down.  It was safe enough to take off seat belts. The flying was smooth.   Inside the eye, the sky opened up. The dark  eyewall  - the surrounding ring of clouds - could be seen outside the cockpit window. Masters says someday drones might be able to do the risky job now done by experienced air crews.  But, from the cockpit of this Hurricane Hunter flight, that possibility still seems distant.  This aircraft, like all of the 53rd s 10 WC-130J planes, are     specially equipped to gather meteorological data and send it to the U.S. National Hurricane Center. Some of that equipment is operated manually.  That includes releasing sensors through the belly of the aircraft that, as they fall, transmit storm data including Irma s pressure, wind speed and direction. As the mission got underway, the sensors - known as dropsondes - appeared to be malfunctioning. Technical Sergeant Karen Moore, the loadmaster who releases the dropsondes from the aircraft, among many other duties, said she could not get its GPS signal as it fell into Irma s winds. So, Moore took out a screwdriver and literally started fixing them on the fly, one by one. That is something a drone would not be able to do. Hitterman said he also could see a future where pilotless planes fly into hurricanes to get the data Americans need.   But I think it s a ways off,  he said. ",1
20517,"Pope, in Medellin, recalls 'painful memory' of narco wars","MEDELLIN, Colombia (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Saturday visited Medellin, epicenter of Colombia s narco wars of the 1980s and asked that God convert the hearts of the  drug assassins  who cut short so many young lives. On his penultimate day in Colombia, Francis flew to Medellin, the city northwest of the capital that was once notorious as the stomping grounds of drug lord Pablo Escobar. In unscripted comments at the last event of the day, he said he could not leave without mentioning the  painful memory  of  so many young lives truncated, discarded, destroyed . He asked his listeners to ask God  for forgiveness for those who destroyed the dreams of so many young people. Ask the Lord to convert their hearts, ask for an end to this defeat of young humanity.  The Medellin that Francis visited is a city transformed since his predecessor Pope John Paul visited in 1986. It was then rife with violence among cartels, paramilitary groups and guerrillas that raged in the poor  comuna  neighborhoods on its outskirts. The city is now heralded as a model of urban development. It has installed cable cars up the steep Andean slopes that surround it to save working-class residents a punishing climb, and it has built libraries in sections that were once sites of gun battles. Feared drug trafficker Escobar, Medellin s most infamous resident, was gunned down in the city in a U.S.-backed operation in 1993. He was recently resurrected as a character in the popular Netflix series  Narcos.  At the start of the day, Francis said a Mass where he urged Colombians to help their fellow citizens who hunger for food, dignity and God, pressing his appeal for the South American country to tackle social inequality. Speaking in a homily to hundreds of thousands of people on muddied fields, Francis urged Colombians to  get involved  in helping each other and to embrace  acts of non-violence, reconciliation and peace.  The leader of the world s 1.2 billion Roman Catholics has brought a message of national reconciliation as the country tries to heal the wounds left by a 50-year civil war and bitter disagreements over last year s peace deal with leftist guerrillas that some say lets them off too leniently. On Friday in the tropical city of Villavicencio, the pontiff asked Colombians skeptical of the deal with the FARC guerrillas to be open to reconciliation with those who have repented, speaking hours after a top rebel leader asked the pontiff for forgiveness.. Francis has also used his trip to the predominantly Roman Catholic country to denounce the social inequality that still plagues Colombia, which has extreme poverty in some rural areas. He has called for laws to tackle the structural causes of these problems, which he said spur violence. Christians, he told the ecstatic crowd at the Mass,  are called upon to be brave, to have that evangelical courage which springs from knowing that there are many who are hungry, who hunger for God - how many people hunger for God! - who hunger for dignity, because they have been deprived.  He visits the city of Cartagena on Sunday before leaving for Rome that night. ",1
20518,"Amid tension, Trump and Turkey's Erdogan agree to strengthen ties","ANKARA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Turkey s Tayyip Erdogan spoke on Saturday and agreed to continue to work toward stronger ties and regional security, Erdogan s office said, a day after he lashed out at U.S. authorities for indicting one of his ex-ministers. Ties between the United States and its NATO ally have been strained by Washington s support for the YPG Kurdish fighters in the battle against Islamic State in Syria. Turkey considers the YPG a terrorist group. Ankara has also been frustrated by what it sees as Washington s reluctance to extradite the Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen. Turkey blames Gulen, who has lived in Pennsylvania since 1999, for last year s failed coup.  Noting the strategic partnership between Turkey and the United States, the two leaders emphasized the importance of continuing to work together to further strengthen bilateral relations and increase stability in the region,  the Turkish Presidency said in a statement. The two leaders agreed to meet in New York at the United States General Assembly, scheduled for this month. The call was notable for its timing, coming a day after Erdogan described a U.S. prosecutor s indictment against Turkey s former economy minister as being politically motivated and tantamount to an attack on Ankara. The former minister, Zafer Caglayan, and the ex-head of a state-owned Turkish bank were charged this week with conspiring to violate Iran sanctions by illegally moving hundreds of millions of dollars through the U.S. financial system on Tehran s behalf. The indictment marked the first time an ex-government member with close ties to Erdogan had been charged in the on-going U.S. investigation, which has strained ties between the two countries.  For the moment, it is impossible to evaluate this within legal logic,  he told reporters on Friday.  I see this step against our former economy minister as a step against the Turkish Republic. He had also called on Washington to re-think the charges.  I hope we ll get a chance to discuss this issue in the United States. You may be a big nation, but being a just nation is something else. Being a just nation requires the legal system to work fairly.   ",1
20519,Funerals crowd cemetery of dead from massive Mexico quake,"JUCHITAN, Mexico (Reuters) - Anguished mourners lined the streets of the southern Mexican city devastated by the most powerful earthquake to strike the country in 85 years, coffins raised on their shoulders as they advanced slowly to a crowded cemetery on Saturday. More than half of the 65 known victims of Thursday night s 8.1 magnitude quake died in Juchitan, a picturesque, historic city near the coast where more than 5,000 homes were destroyed and many more left without running water or electricity. In the Eighth Section neighborhood, a working-class area where nearly every home was damaged, a loud drum and horn band played traditional music before the funeral of one of the 37 dead so far recovered from the wreckage of the somber city.  The piercing blasts of the burly horn section at times were drowned out by the plaintive wailing of mourners for Maximo Zuniga, a little boy whose distraught relatives said was fond of his spiky black hair and bright red tennis shoes. The three-year-old boy was asleep when the force of the quake brought his brick bedroom walls crumbling down on top of him, his mother and an older brother. The boy died shortly after he was pulled from the rubble; the other two survived.  I could barely see a little bit of his hair peeking out and his forehead,  said neighbor Alejandro Sanchez, who was the first to come to the stricken family s aid.  There was a heavy wooden beam on top of all three of them and lots of dirt,  he added, as the dead boy s uncle sobbed uncontrollably nearby. The long, juddering tremor was felt some 500 miles (800 km) away in Mexico City and as far south as Honduras, but unlike the 8.0 magnitude quake in 1985 that killed thousands in the capital, outlying areas of Mexico were left relatively unscathed. By contrast, much of the hot, muggy city of 100,000 near the Pacific coast looked as though it had been turned upside down. Piles of rubble lay scattered across town, chunks of roofs littering the ground, and more than 300 locals were receiving care for injuries in area hospitals.    Many residents refused to stay indoors for fear that badly damaged structures might yet come tumbling down. Neighbors of the Zuniga family handed out red tulips and others set off fireworks. Then the assembled crowd of about 200 mourners set out for the local cemetery, four men carrying the boy s small white coffin draped in thin sheets of bright blue paper as the band led the procession. Snaking through narrow streets, the colorful flower-bearing train of people in T-shirts and caps had to step over piles of debris and masonry from collapsed walls as neighbors turned out to line the route, bowing their heads as the coffin passed. In the midst of a frantic search for a missing police officer, President Enrique Pena Nieto made a brief appearance on Friday afternoon in Juchitan s devastated downtown. Pledging help to rebuild and attempting to soothe raw nerves, Pena Nieto declared three days of national mourning. But his words were cold comfort for Alma Alverez, Maximo s 48-year-old grandmother, who crossed her arms as men shoveled dirt over the small coffin.  Pena Nieto was able to make it here in his helicopter super fast. That s how help should be arriving, right? Exactly how he got here. But it hasn t,  Alvarez said, reflecting a belief that Mexico s south has long been ignored by the richer north. Two other funerals of quake victims were underway in the same cemetery as Fernando Lopez, a cousin of Maximo, stood near the back, his head bandaged from cuts suffered protecting his grandmother from falling tiles when the disaster struck.  This is what you re going to see the next few days,  he said, pointing to the other funeral services taking place.  The whole town will be here in the cemetery or in the hospital. We ll tidy up what we can clean, but we won t be celebrating anything on September 15th,  said Lopez, referring to the start of Mexico s independence day festivities.  We don t have anything to celebrate.  Juchitan s mayor, Gloria Sanchez, agreed.  A great sadness overwhelms us,  she said.  The situation in Juchitan is critical, unlike anything we ve ever seen before.  ",1
20520,Hurricane Irma poses toughest test for U.S. nuclear industry since Fukushima,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma will pose the toughest test yet for U.S. nuclear power plants since reactors strengthened their defenses against natural disasters following the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear accident in Japan in 2011. Irma was on course to hit South Florida early on Sunday after slamming Cuba as a Category 5 storm. It weakened to a Category 3 storm with maximum sustained winds of 130 miles per hour (210 km per hour) on Saturday, but was expected to strengthen before reaching Florida, bringing a storm surge to a state home to four coastal nuclear reactors. The National Hurricane Center s forecast track shows Irma making landfall on the southwest side of the Florida Peninsula, west of the two nuclear reactors at the Turkey Point plant.  The operator, Florida Power & Light (FPL), has said it will shut Turkey Point well before hurricane-strength winds reach the plant. The reactors are about 30 miles (42 kilometers) south of Miami. FPL said it will also shut the other nuclear plant in Florida at St Lucie, which also has two reactors on a barrier island on the state s east coast, about 120 miles (193 km) north of Miami.  We will shut the reactors down 24 hours before Category 1 force winds are forecast to hit,  FPL Chief Executive Eric Silagy told a news conference. FPL said both Turkey Point and St Lucie were designed to withstand storms stronger than any ever recorded in the region and both plants are elevated 20 feet (6 meters) above sea level to protect against flooding and extreme storm surges. But South Miami Mayor Philip Stoddard said he was concerned about the potential for floods to damage power generators at Turkey Point, which in turn might threaten the ability of the plant to keep spent nuclear fuel rods cool. At Fukushima in Japan, an earthquake and tsunami disrupted power supplies and caused the fuel in some units to meltdown.   The whole site is pretty well able to handle dangerous wind, the real problem from my perspective is water,  Stoddard said. He said he was more worried about the nuclear waste than the reactors.  The real question is can they keep the spent fuel cool.  Peter Robbins, an FPL spokesman, said  Mayor Stoddard is wrong. Turkey Point is safe and is ready for Hurricane Irma.  U.S. nuclear operators have taken steps to improve preparations for disasters since Fukushima. The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) required plants to install portable pumps and generators to keep water moving over fuel rods and the spent fuel pool even if offsite power supply was lost. Nuclear plants also hired more staff and stored equipment needed to deal with reactor problems.  Things are better today than in March 2011. Time will tell whether better proves good enough,  said Dave Lochbaum, director of a watchdog group, the nuclear safety project, at the Union of Concerned Scientists. The NRC said it was posting more inspectors at the two Florida plants and was considering sending more inspectors to plants in Georgia and South Carolina should the storm head that way. The NRC said the plants should not be compromised by Irma s storm surge.  The storm surge forecasts that we have seen so far do not challenge the sites  designs,  said NRC spokesman Scott Burnell. Both Florida plants have previously weathered major storms. Turkey Point took a hit from Hurricane Andrew, a Category 5 storm, in 1992, damaging a smokestack at fossil fuel plant at the site. Repairs cost about $90 million. St Lucie withstood the back-to-back impact of Hurricanes Frances (Category 2) and Jeanne (Category 3) in 2004. FPL shut St Lucie last October as Hurricane Matthew skirted the Florida coast. Lochbaum said the NRC and the industry could do more to reduce vulnerability to flooding. In January 2014, about 50,000 gallons of rainwater leaked into the St Lucie plant after a heavy downpour. An NRC study blamed degraded and missing flood seals that were not discovered during checks after Fukushima. There is also spent nuclear fuel at the site of a third power plant in Florida which stopped operating in 2009. That is the Crystal River plant, owned by Duke Energy Corp (DUK.N). Duke is in the process of transferring used fuel from the spent fuel pool at the plant to dry cask storage as part of work to decommission the plant. Once in storage, the fuel no longer needs cooling.  The NRC s Burnell said Duke has suspended work to transfer the rods ahead of Irma. He said the fuel was safe and the plant also has backup power, even though it has been shut for years. Irma is expected to disrupt much of Florida s power supply. FPL, the state s largest electric company, has warned Irma could cut service to about 4.1 million of its nearly 5 million customers. FPL is one of four large publicly traded utilities in Florida. Other natural disasters since Fukushima have shut some plants. An earthquake in Virginia in 2011 shut Dominion Energy Inc s (D.N) North Anna plant for about 2-1/2 months, the time it took to complete a full damage inspection. That plant sustained no major damage.  Hurricane Sandy in 2012 caused three reactors in the U.S. Northeast to shut but inflicted no serious damage. ",1
20521,Heavy squalls with tornadoes from Irma sweep south Florida: NHC,"(Reuters) - Hurricane Irma was about 110 miles (175 km) southeast of Key West, Florida, and heavy squalls carrying tornadoes were sweeping across south Florida, the National Hurricane Center said on Saturday.  The storm had maximum sustained winds 120 miles per hour (195 kilometers per hour). The center said the core of Irma will continue to move near the north coast of Cuba for next few hours and should be near the Florida Keys on Sunday morning. ",1
20522,Trump calls for a tax reform 'speed-up' in light of Hurricane Irma,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Saturday that he will ask the Republican-controlled Congress to further speed up its efforts to overhaul the U.S. tax code, citing the potential impact of Hurricane Irma as a reason to hasten reforms.  I think now with what s happened with the hurricane, I m going to ask for a speedup. I wanted a speedup anyway, but now we need it even more so,  the president said at the outset of a Cabinet meeting at Camp David. The White House released a video of his remarks. Trump urged Congress in a Friday tweet not to wait until the end of September for tax legislation. ",1
20523,Caribbean islands fear grim tourist season in Irma's wake,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Hurricane Irma s deadly tear through the Caribbean will hobble the region s multi-billion dollar tourism industry for months, just as hotels, airlines, and cruises were gearing up for the region s peak winter season.  As one of the most powerful Atlantic storms in a century, Irma has killed 21 people, leaving hotels, airports and other buildings damaged or flattened across prime vacation islands such as St. Martin and Barbuda. On Friday, it hurtled north of Cuba toward Florida. Jack Richards, president of U.S.-based tour operator Pleasant Holidays, said it may be well into next year before the local tourism industry begins to normalize, costing it billions in lost business. The region s busiest travel season runs from  mid-December to Easter, when Americans, Canadians and Europeans leave behind snow and cold for the warm, turquoise Caribbean waters.  Can this be repaired in time? The infrastructure to rebuild these countries simply isn t there,  he said.  This is just massive.  Just a few days after Irma razed the first islands, Richards said his bookings have already dropped for the Caribbean, his company s second-most popular destination worldwide for U.S. tourists. More than 26 million international tourists were expected this year in the Caribbean, the World Travel and Tourism Council (WTTC) projected before Irma hit. In 2016, foreign visitors spent $31 billion in the Caribbean and were expected to spend an additional 5.3 percent in 2017. The WTTC estimates that in 2016, travel and tourism contributed $56 billion in gross domestic product.  Any disruption in the tourism industry is a disruption of our livelihood,  Caribbean Tourism Organization (CTO) spokesman Hugh Riley said.  Officials across the islands have struggled to gauge the scope of destruction, after Irma knocked out electricity and cell phone service, and forced airports to close. The trouble may not yet be over for the Caribbean, with Hurricane Jose forecast on Saturday to pass as a powerful Category 4 storm close to the same group of islands that were trashed by Irma. The hurricane season is set to run for several more weeks. As of Friday afternoon, the U.S. Virgin Islands Department of Tourism was urging visitors to stay away from St. Thomas, where four people died in the storm and where the airport remains closed to comercial traffic. The St. Croix airport was slated to reopen on Friday.  The 150-room Windward Passage, an upscale hotel overlooking the St. Thomas harbor in the U.S. Virgin Islands, plans to close for six months, it reported to the Department of Tourism.  On the tiny island of Barbuda alone, home to about 1,800 people and reef-lined beaches, preliminary damage estimates top $100 million, Riley said. Some 95 percent of the island s buildings were destroyed.      Cruise lines, tour operators and airlines have scrambled to accommodate tourists or postpone plans. Royal Caribbean Cruises, Carnival Cruise Lines and Norwegian Cruise Line each canceled several of their Caribbean-bound cruises through the weekend and rerouted others to avoid sailing through the storms  dangerous paths.  European tour operator TUI said it had evacuated its Florida customers to hotels in inland Orlando, and brought vacationers in Cuba to shelters.  German tour operator DER Touristik said it would bus tourists arriving by cruise ship in Miami on Friday directly to shelters, and that ships would leave the harbor again before the hurricane hits. Recovery efforts in hard-hit areas have so far proven difficult.  Rolando Brison, St. Martin s director of tourism, said firefighters struggled to hose off sand dumped by the storm onto the airport runways, leaving nearly 3,000 tourists stranded. The airport remained closed on Friday.  Tourism is the economy,  he said.  It s how our people eat.       (This version of the story corrects paragraph 11 to show that St. Thomas airport is closed, not St. John s) ",1
20524,To flee or stay? Irma's shifting path forces some to reconsider,"MIAMI/TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - Walter Hodgdon scrapped plans to ride out Hurricane Irma on Saturday when shifting forecast models suddenly put his home on a barrier island on Florida s Gulf Coast directly in its path. Within hours, Hodgdon and his partner had hastily boarded up their home and were driving to North Carolina, having the time to store just a few valuable glasswares in an inner closet.   Last night, during one of the models, they drew a line right over our house,  said Hodgdon, 58, who lives on Terra Ceia where Tampa Bay meets the Gulf of Mexico.  We figured if we are going to leave, we are going to leave completely.  Hodgdon and his partner, Nels Gullerud, were among the scores of people living on Florida s west coast forced to make last-minute decisions about whether to hunker down - or flee - amid one of the fiercest Atlantic storms in a century.  Storm models that earlier in the week projected Irma to bear most heavily on eastern Florida now had the storm barreling right up the western coastline, menacing population hubs around Tampa and Fort Myers.  People haven t known exactly what to do, because the situation changes every 12 hours,  said Adam Gray, pastor of Redeeming Church in St. Petersburg, Florida, who two days ago week talked to relatives on the east coast about staying with him. Now his wife and young child had evacuated, while he stayed behind to help church members board up their houses and locate spare rooms on higher ground. He planned to open the church to those unable to find shelter. Others in Irma s path decided to take their chances. As surrounding neighborhoods evacuated, Andrea Prather of Fort Myers stocked up on bottled water and food to ride out the storm with her boyfriend and her cat. The 51-year-old pop singer felt safe on the 25th floor of a high-rise built to withstand hurricane-force winds. Still, as the most recent hurricane models showed the storm heading her way, her jitters flared.   When it made that turn, that s when I had that anxiety pit in my stomach,  she said.  How can anyone be totally prepared?  Michael Albrecht, a communications professor at Eckerd College in St. Petersburg, decided to stay at his parents  fourth-floor condo in South Pasadena, near the Gulf of Mexico.  He decided he would be safer in the concrete building with aluminum storm shutters, high above any storm surge, than at his own one-story house in nearby Gulfport, on a street prone to flooding and surrounded by tall trees that could fall down.  No branches can hit you up here on the fourth floor,  said Albrecht, 40.  I m worried about what if it s a week without air conditioning and electricity. That ll be inconvenient but not life-threatening.  But after a week of making and changing evacuation plans, Dionna Duncan, 48, on Saturday morning simply opted to leave her home in Palm Harbor, Florida. She had been working all week, without time to prepare. Plywood and other supplies were sold out. She could only put out a few sandbags. She remembered to take 200-year-old family pictures. But she left hanging in her closet the wedding veil that her daughters had wanted to wear someday.  You just forget, because you are in such a hurry,  said Duncan, who works in the insurance industry and had for years made detailed disaster plans.  When you are staring something like this in the face, it doesn t matter what your experience is. Most of your knowledge just escapes you.  Retiree Ann Pinsker, 71, and her husband chose to evacuate from their Fort Lauderdale condo on Florida s east coast on Thursday when they thought the storm was headed that way. After a 3-1/2-hour drive stretched into 9-1/2 hours, they now fear the storm is headed directly at the hotel where they are staying in Lakeland, in the central part of the state.  With Fort Lauderdale now predicted to be spared the brunt of the storm, their neighbors are sending them photographs from a  hurricane party  they are holding in the building.  I wish we were there,  Pinsker said.  But hindsight is 20-20.   ",1
20525,Merkel suggests Iran-style nuclear talks to end North Korea crisis,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel told a newspaper she would be prepared to become involved in a diplomatic initiative to end the North Korean nuclear and missiles program, and suggested the Iran nuclear talks could be a model.  South Korea on Saturday braced for a possible further missile test by North Korea as it marked its founding anniversary, just days after its sixth and largest nuclear test rattled global financial markets and further escalated tensions in the region.  If our participation in talks is desired, I will immediately say yes,  Merkel told Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung in an interview to be published on Sunday. She pointed to negotiations that led to a landmark nuclear agreement between Iran and world powers in 2015. Back then, Germany and the five countries on the United Nations Security Council with veto power took part in talks that led to Iran agreeing to curb its nuclear work in return for the lifting of most sanctions. Merkel said that was  a long but important time of diplomacy  that ultimately had a  good end  last year, referring to when the deal was implemented.  I could imagine such a format being used to end the North Korea conflict. Europe and especially Germany should be prepared to play a very active part in that,  Merkel added. She said she thought the only way to deal with North Korea s nuclear program was to come to a diplomatic solution, adding:  A new arms race starting in the region would not be in anyone s interests.  Europe should stand united in trying to bring about a diplomatic solution and  do everything that can be done in terms of sanctions , she said. Merkel is expected to win a fourth term in office in a Sept. 24 vote, with polls giving her conservatives a double-digit lead over their rival Social Democrats. Merkel is widely seen in Germany as a safe pair of hands at a time of global uncertainty such as the North Korea crisis, Britain s looming departure from the European Union and Donald Trump s presidency in the United States. Merkel has spoken to leaders including Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe about North Korea this week. The newspaper said, without naming its sources, that she would speak by telephone with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday. ",1
20526,"New Kosovo PM pledges dialogue with Serbia, graft fight","PRISTINA (Reuters) - Kosovo s newly-elected prime minister, ex-guerilla commander Ramush Haradinaj, pledged on Saturday to maintain dialogue with a former foe Serbia and put an end to endemic corruption. Haradinaj was chosen to form a new government on Thursday after his coalition struck an agreement with a smaller party, paving the way for them to take power.  Lawmakers endorsed his appointment on Saturday with 61 votes in the 120-seat parliament - ending a political deadlock that has persisted since elections on June 11.  There is no alternative to dialogue with Serbia,  Haradinaj told parliament.  Despite  a tragic history, we can not change the fact that we are neighbors,  he said.  Haradinaj s coalition comprises parties made up of former guerrillas who fought Serbian forces in 1998 and 1999. That campaign led to accusations of war crimes against him, but he was acquitted twice by a United Nations war crimes tribunal. His arrest in France in January on a Serbian arrest warrant for war crimes soured relations between Belgrade and Pristina. Haradinaj said his new government would fight corruption that has been deterring investors since Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008.    We have an endemic corruption in all institutions,  he said, ahead of an expected vote on his new cabinet in parliament where his party will command a slim majority. On Saturday, Belgrade officials gave support to 10 Serb deputies who have pledged to vote for Haradinaj s government in parliament in return for three ministerial posts.  But opposition lawmakers criticized Haradinaj for relying on votes of Serb deputies who they say would seek Belgrade s approval for any decisions they take.   It is unfortunate that after all these years the creation of Kosovo institutions is entirely in the hands of Belgrade. This is a catastrophic cabinet,  Avdullah Hoti of the opposition Democratic League of Kosovo (LDK) said. Opposition MPs left the chamber as the vote took place. Central bank governor Bedri Hamza was appointed finance minister and Behgjet Pacolli, whom media refer to as the richest man in Kosovo, as foreign minister. The new government will have the difficult task of tackling 30 percent unemployment, and improving relations with Serbia, a precondition for the neighbors to move forward in their efforts to join the European Union. Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008, almost a decade after NATO air strikes drove out Serbian forces that had been accused of expelling and killing ethnic Albanian civilians in a two-year counter-insurgency. ",1
20527,Philippine leader says 'no way' he'll do deal with Islamist rebels,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Saturday ruled out the possibility of allowing Islamic State-linked militants to flee a southern city in exchange for the release of dozens of hostages. The militants seized large parts of Marawi City on the island of Mindanao in May, and a hardcore of fighters has held out through more than 100 days of air strikes and ground attacks  by troops.  No way,  Duterte told reporters when asked about a rumor that one rebel leader, Omarkhayam Maute, had proposed releasing hostages in exchange for the safe exit of the militants. Pockets of fighters remain in the ruins of the heart of a city devastated by artillery and bombings, in an occupation that has alarmed the region about the possibility of Islamic State, on the back foot in Iraq and Syria, making a new home in the southern Philippines.  The military has launched its final push to retake Marawi, and is coming under heavy fire from gunmen as troops try to secure buildings and navigate through mines and booby-traps. The military estimates about 20 to 30 hostages are being held, some of whom it says were forced to take up arms against government troops.  If I can save one life there, I am willing to wait one year (to retake the city)  Duterte said of the hostages, after visiting wounded soldiers in Cagayan de Oro, a few hours away from Marawi. Martial law has been imposed in Mindanao, an island of 22 million people, until the end of the year, to allow the military to break up an alliance of pro-Islamic State militant groups. On another front, the military is also fighting communist rebels of the New People s Army following a breakdown in peace talks with the government. Duterte on Saturday threatened to expand martial law to other areas of the Philippines to crack down on the insurgents. Some 655 militants, 45 civilians and 145 soldiers and policemen have been killed in Marawi, according to the military, which says it has rescued 1,728 civilians. At least 400,000 have been displaced. Army spokesman Colonal Edgard Arevalo said saving hostages was the priority of the military s mission.  We are still very mindful of the presence of civilians -guns against their heads - who were made human shields or ordered to wield firearms and ammunition, were converted to become fighters and shoot at our troops,  he said in a statement. The United States has provided technical support to the Philippines military in Marawi. Visiting Manila on Friday, Australian Defence Minister Marise Payne offered a small  detachment of soldiers to provide training to Philippine forces. ",1
20528,"On visit to Cartagena, Pope to honor 'slave of slaves' role model","BOGOTA/CARTAGENA, Colombia (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Sunday pays homage to the social justice legacy of one of his role models, Saint Peter Claver, who ministered to slaves in Colombia in the 1600s, defying Spanish colonial masters who treated them as chattel. Francis wraps up his five-day trip with a stop in Cartagena, the walled Caribbean port city that was a gateway for the slave trade in the New World. There, he is expected to hammer home his message that Colombia needs to address social inequality as it struggles to nurture a fledgling peace process to end a 50-year civil war. The Spanish-born Claver, who died in 1654, is revered throughout Latin America, particularly by fellow Jesuits like Francis, for his groundbreaking work with the era s poor and marginalized. Claver begged his Jesuit superiors in Spain to send him to   Cartagena so he could minister to the victims of the brutal trans-Atlantic slave trade, where African captives were bought and sold in colonial Cartagena s cobblestone streets. He boarded slave ships that arrived with their human cargo, distributing food on board and later ministering to the sick and dying in huts along the beach. Francis, who has made defense of the poor and downtrodden a major plank of his papacy, was greatly influenced by Claver s story from the days when he was a young Jesuit seminarian in his native Buenos Aires.   There are a lot of similarities that resonate with Pope Francis and this young, Latino Jesuit who has this transformative encounter with the poor,  said Father Sean Salai, a Jesuit priest and author of a book about the saints who influenced Francis. Through their encounter with the poor, both men moved  into more of a direct relationship with God s people,  Salai said in a phone interview from his base in San Antonio, Texas.  In a letter he called himself the  slave of the slaves forever,  and this encounter with the poor transformed him, much like Pope Francis, who gave up on the idea of doing a doctorate in theology to be closer to the people,  Salai said. While Cartagena s colonial historic district is Colombia s top tourist destination, the city, like much of the country, has deep socioeconomic and racial divisions. Poor Afro-Colombian street vendors sell coral and pearl jewelry, coconut milk and tropical fruits to tourists on the steps of the church named after Claver and where his remains are kept behind glass in the altar. Francis will pray before the remains, bless participants in two charity programs and visit a home where today s Jesuits help some 300 members of the city s poor Afro-Colombian community.  I came to receive the pope s blessing, to hear him,  said Liney Galindo, 32, from northern Barranquilla.  May God enlighten him to bring a message of forgiveness, reconciliation, and wisdom to us.      Francis also will meet homeless people and young girls in a Church program to prevent child prostitution in a city where young people are often victims of sex tourism and exploited by well-off locals and foreigners. Cartagena s archbishop, Jorge Jimenez, hopes the pope s presence will boost the programs.  We need to be able to expand, because here those problems are really big,  Jimenez said in an interview. ",1
20529,Uruguay vice president quits amid probe into use of public funds,"MONTEVIDEO (Reuters) - Uruguay s Vice President Raul Sendic presented his resignation on Saturday amid accusations that he misused public funds while heading state oil company Ancap. He first made the announcement at a special meeting of the Frente Amplio (FA) governing party.    I presented to the plenary of the FA my irreversible  resignation from the vice presidency. I also told President Tabare Vazquez,  he wrote in a tweet. The party s ethics committee has ruled that Sendic used his Ancap credit cards to buy personal items including books and furniture. He headed the oil company from 2008 to 2009 and 2010 to 2013. No criminal charges have been filed against Sendic.  ",1
20530,Fires destroy more villages in Myanmar's Rohingya region: sources,"YANGON (Reuters) - Several more villages were burned down on Saturday in a part of northwest Myanmar where many Rohingya Muslims had been sheltering from violence sweeping the area, two sources monitoring the situation said. The fires, which started on Friday when up to eight villages went up in flames in the ethnically mixed Rathedaung region, have increased concerns that more minority Rohingya will flee to neighboring Bangladesh. Blazes started on Saturday engulfed as many as four more settlements in Rathedaung, likely destroying all the Muslim villages in the area, the sources said.  Slowly, one after another villages are being burnt down - I believe that Rohingyas are already wiped out completely from Rathedaung,  said Chris Lewa of the Rohingya monitoring group, the Arakan Project.  There were 11 Muslim villages (in Rathedaung) and after the past two days all appear to be destroyed.  It was unclear who set fire to the villages, located in a part of northwest Myanmar far from where Rohingya insurgents attacked 30 police posts and an army base last month, triggering an army counter-offensive in which at least 400 people have been killed. Independent journalists are not allowed into the area, where Myanmar says its security forces are carrying out clearance operations to defend against  extremist terrorists .  Human rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and ethnic Rakhine vigilantes have unleashed a campaign of arson aimed at driving out the Muslim population. Some 290,000 people have fled across the Bangladeshi border in less than two weeks, causing a humanitarian crisis. Rathedaung is the furthest Rohingya-inhabited area from the border with Bangladesh and aid workers are concerned that a large number of people were trapped there. The sources said that among the torched villages was the hamlet of Tha Pyay Taw. They were also concerned about the village of Chin Ywa, where many people sheltering from other burnings in the area had been hiding and two other settlements. On Friday, the villages of Ah Htet Nan Yar and Auk Nan Yar, some 65 km (40 miles) north of Sittwe, capital of Rakhine state, were also burned along with four to six other settlements. One source, who has a network of informers in the area, said 300 to 400 Rohingya who had been hiding at Ah Htet Nan Yar were now in the forest or attempting a perilous, days-long journey by foot in the monsoon rain toward the River Naf separating Myanmar and Bangladesh. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Thursday her government was doing its best to protect everyone, but she has drawn criticism for failing to speak out about the violence and the Muslim minority, including calls to revoke her 1991 Nobel Peace Prize. The country s Rohingya Muslims have long complained of persecution and are seen by many in Buddhist-majority Myanmar as illegal migrants from Bangladesh. ",1
20531,Immigrants in Central Florida nervous about seeking shelter,"APOPKA, Fla. (Reuters) - With Hurricane Irma barreling down on Central Florida, Apopka resident Carmen Nova had a decision to make.  A Mexican immigrant living in the country illegally, she knew her mobile home was at risk in the storm. But the 30-year-old mother of three also knew that seeking protection could pose its own hazards.  In a time of increasing public sentiment against illegal immigration, undocumented immigrants like Nova are nervous about reporting to authorities, even if it is to take refuge from a hurricane.  There s an internal storm, there s an external storm, and there s a political storm, and they re all targeting this community,  said Sister Ann Kendrick, a Roman Catholic nun, community organizer and immigrant rights advocate.  They re getting hammered,  said Kendrick, who has worked hard in advance of the hurricane to convince undocumented immigrants that it is safer to take shelter than to remain in less-than-sturdy homes. Like other counties in Florida, Apopka s Orange County issued an evacuation order for people living in mobile homes, which are also known as manufactured homes and are a popular housing choice for immigrants. Fears among immigrants in the area were heightened in recent days after the sheriff in neighboring Polk County pledged to check criminal records of people seeking shelter. Although the statement did not mention immigration status and officials later clarified that undocumented immigrants would not be targeted, the warning nevertheless reverberated in migrant communities.  In Apopka, a town of about 50,000 people outside Orlando, Kendrick had plenty of work to do in advance of the storm.  The area s undocumented immigrants historically came to the area to work on farms but in more recent years have shifted to construction, landscaping and housekeeping.  Tirso Moreno, leader of the Apopka-based Farmworker Association of Florida, said the Polk County warning had an impact in Orange County.  It scared people,  said Moreno, who also spread the word with immigrants that they must take shelter. Moreno said he was not convinced that all the undocumented workers he spoke with would take his advice, saying some were likely to wait out the storm in their mobile homes.  The big problem is that many of them don t have enough information, although it s better than it used to be now that we have more Spanish-language media,  Moreno said. Kendrick said she fielded calls throughout the day on Friday from undocumented immigrants who wondered if it was safe to report to shelters. About 50 people, including several undocumented families, were waiting in line outside a shelter at Apopka High School when it opened at 9 a.m. on Saturday, Kendrick said.  They trust the schools, and they trust us, so if we tell them it s safe, they re coming,  Kendrick said. Nova, who cleans houses for a $15 an hour while her husband works as a landscaper for $12 an hour, was among those who decided to seek shelter, saying she would put her fate in God s hands.   If they ask for papers, I don t have them,  Nova said from her mobile home with boarded up windows as she prepared her family to move to the shelter.  The authorities will have to do what they have to do. I am not going to live in fear.  ",1
20532,"U.S. undersecretary Shannon, Russian deputy foreign minister to meet","MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. Undersecretary of State Thomas Shannon will travel to Helsinki on Sept. 10-12 where he will meet Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov, the U.S. Department of State said on Saturday. The meeting will  address areas of bilateral concern and cooperation , it said in a statement. Shannon will also lead the U.S. interagency delegation to the U.S.-Russia Strategic Stability Talks, it added. Quoting an unnamed Russian diplomat, Russian news agencies reported earlier on Saturday that the Ryabkov-Shannon meeting in Helsinki would take place on Sept. 11-12. Relations between Moscow and Washington are at their lowest point since the Cold War, strained by Russia s annexation of Crimea in 2014 and the subsequent separatist conflict in eastern Ukraine, developments which led Washington to impose economic sanctions on Russia. U.S. President Donald Trump, himself battling allegations that his associates colluded with Russia, grudgingly signed into law the new sanctions against Moscow that had been drawn up by Congress. ",1
20533,Manchester concert venue shattered by bomb attack to reopen,"LONDON (Reuters) - The Manchester music venue where a suicide bomber killed 22 people as they left an Ariana Grande concert in May will reopen on Saturday for the first time since the attack. A benefit concert entitled  We Are Manchester  will raise money for a charitable trust in charge of establishing a permanent memorial in the northern English city. The victims of the May 22 attack at the Manchester Arena included many young girls, who make up a large part of U.S. singer Grande s fan base. The youngest, Saffie Roussos, was aged eight.  Parents who had come to pick up their children after the show were also among those killed in the attack carried out by Salman Abedi.  May s events will never be forgotten, but they will not stop us, or Mancunian music fans, from coming together to enjoy live music,  James Allen, the venue s general manager, said in a statement. The line-up for Saturday s concert, which was sold out, included Noel Gallagher, formerly of Oasis, one of the most successful bands to emerge from Manchester. Also performing will be local poet Tony Walsh, known as Longfella, who moved crowds to tears at a vigil in central Manchester the day after the attack with his poem  This Is The Place  which celebrates the spirit of the city. Grande will not take part, having performed at a previous benefit concert,  One Love Manchester , which raised funds for victims. The June 4 concert, which took place at a cricket ground in Manchester, also featured artists including Justin Bieber, Coldplay, Miley Cyrus and Pharrell Williams. ",1
20534,Five suspected al Qaeda militants killed in Yemen drone strikes,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Five suspected al Qaeda militants were killed in drone strikes on two villages in Yemen s al Baida governorate on Saturday, a local official and residents said.   The strikes targeted two villages where al Qaeda is known to be active,  a local official said, adding that a total of five were killed in the strikes in central Yemen. Residents said two suspected militants were killed when a drone targeted the car they were traveling in.  Three people were injured in the strikes, they said. Yemen s al Qaeda branch, known as Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), has taken advantage of a more than two-year-old civil war between the Iran-aligned Houthi group and President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi s Saudi-backed government to strengthen its position in the impoverished country. The United States has repeatedly attacked AQAP with aircraft and unmanned drones in what U.S. officials say is a campaign to wear down the group s ability to coordinate attacks abroad. ",1
20535,Brazil top prosecutor requests billionaire Batista's arrest -source,"BRASILIA/SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazil s top prosecutor asked the country s Supreme Court late on Friday to approve the arrest of billionaire Joesley Batista, one of the owners of the world s largest meatpacker JBS SA, a person with knowledge of the matter said. Brazil s Prosecutor-General Rodrigo Janot had told a news conference on Monday that he was considering revoking a plea bargain deal struck by Batista and a fellow state s witness after they appeared to have inadvertently recorded themselves discussing crimes not covered in the deal. The source, who asked for anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly, said that Janot had requested the arrest of Batista and Ricardo Saud, a former executive at the Batista family holding company J&F Investimentos, based on the four-hour recording. Janot s office did not respond to calls and email requests for comment. Joesley Batista and his brother Wesley confessed to bribing scores of politicians in plea bargain testimony that allowed them to avoid prosecution. Amongst the evidence they provided to prosecutors was a recording of President Michel Temer apparently endorsing hush payments to a possible witness in a graft probe.  The source said that Janot had revoked the benefits granted under the plea bargain deal to Joesley and Ricardo Saud, a former executive of holding company J&F Investimentos, through which the Batista family controls JBS.  He also asked Supreme Court Justice Edson Facchin to authorize the arrest of a former prosecutor, Marcelo Miller, the source said.  The taped conversation, which was made public by the Supreme Court this week, was inadvertently submitted to prosecutors with unrelated material last week.  In it, Batista and Saud say Miller helped the Batista brothers strike their plea bargain before leaving the Prosecutors Office in April to work in a private law firm. In a statement this week, J&F said Batista and Saud were simply discussing hypotheses in the conversation, not facts. Batista s lawyer, Pierpaolo Bottini, filed a request on Saturday for the Supreme Court to hear defense arguments before authorizing the arrest of his client and Saud. The lawyer also said Batista and Ricardo Saud are willing to surrender their passports.  A lawyer for Miller, Andr  Perecmanis, said on Saturday his client did not help the Batistas in their plea deal while working as a prosecutor.  Another source with knowledge of the matter said the leniency agreement of J&F Investimentos SA, which the company signed in May agreeing to pay a record leniency fine of 10.3 billion reais ($3.3 billion) for its role in the political bribery scheme, had been validated on Friday by a federal court. The source, asking for anonymity to discuss the matter freely, said that if a plea bargain by J&F Investimentos is canceled, the leniency agreement may also lose effect. A string of asset sales depend on the validity of the leniency agreement.  In three months, the holding company has signed agreements to sell Havaianas flip-flops maker Alpargatas SA ALPA4.SA, dairy company Vigor Alimentos SA and pulpmaker Eldorado Brasil Celulose SA, but the sales may only be finalized if the leniency agreement is still valid.  ",1
20536,Lebanon arrests former mayor in border town near Syria: security sources,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese security forces arrested a former mayor of the town of Arsal near the Syrian border on Saturday in connection with the capture of Lebanese soldiers, security sources said. Ali al-Hujeiri also stands accused of collusion with the Nusra Front Islamist group, al Qaeda s former Syria branch, the sources said. Militants from the Nusra Front and Islamic State briefly overran Arsal in 2014 and captured a number of soldiers before they withdrew during clashes with the army. Nusra Front released 16 soldiers in 2015 in exchange for the release of jailed Islamists. Islamic State killed all nine soldiers it had captured. Both groups were driven from their last foothold at the Syria-Lebanon border in recent separate offensives by the army and Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah. It was not immediately clear which group of captured soldiers Hujeiri was being accused over. Lebanese President Michel Aoun said this week the army was investigating the circumstances that led to the capture of the soldiers killed by Islamic State. ",1
20537,"U.S.-backed forces, Syrian army advance separately on Islamic State in Deir al-Zor","BEIRUT/AL SHADADI, Syria (Reuters) - U.S.-backed militias and the Syrian army advanced in separate offensives against Islamic State in eastern Syria on Saturday, piling pressure on shrinking territory the group still holds in oil-rich areas near the Iraqi border. Syrian government forces fought their way to an air base on the outskirts of Deir al-Zor city that had been besieged for years by the jihadists, said a commander in the military alliance fighting in support of President Bashar al-Assad. The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a U.S.-backed alliance of mostly Arab and Kurdish fighters, meanwhile launched attacks against Islamic State in the north of Deir al-Zor province in an operation to capture areas east of the Euphrates river. The advances against Islamic State, another blow to its control over territory it held for years as part of a self-declared caliphate, will likely bring U.S.-backed forces and the Syrian government side, backed by Russia and Iran, into closer proximity. A U.S. warplane shot down a Syrian army jet near Raqqa in June and the SDF accused the Syrian government of bombing its positions, showing the risk of escalation between warring sides in a crowded battlefield. The Syrian conflict, which started as a popular uprising against Assad in 2011, has drawn in the United States, Russia and regional powers. Peace talks have failed to bring an end to a war where Islamist groups have increasingly dominated Syria s armed opposition. The SDF operation in Deir al-Zor province aims to capture areas in its northern and eastern countryside and advance towards the Euphrates, according to the Deir al-Zor Military Council, which is fighting as part of the SDF.  The first step is to free the eastern bank of the Euphrates and the areas Islamic State still holds,  Ahmed Abu Kholeh, head of the military council, told Reuters after the announcement.  We re not specifying a timeframe but we hope it will be a quick operation,  he said at the town of al-Shadadi in Hasaka province. Abu Kholeh would not say whether there were plans to advance on Deir al-Zor city itself.  We don t know how the battles will go after this,  he said. He said SDF fighters did not expect clashes with Syrian government forces, but if fired upon  we will respond . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group reported that SDF forces had advanced against IS in Deir al-Zor s northwestern countryside, seizing several hilltops and a village. Syrian government forces and their allies reached Deir al-Zor military airport on the other side of the Euphrates, where troops had been holed up since 2014, surrounded by Islamic State, the commander in the pro-Assad alliance said. The alliance includes Iran-backed militias and the powerful Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah. The advance came days after the army and its allies broke the siege of the main part of the city, which had been separated from the airport by IS attacks a few months before. Syrian troops also recaptured the Teym oilfield southwest of Deir al-Zor and seized part of a main highway running downstream to the city of al-Mayadeen, to which many IS militants have retreated, the British-based Observatory said. That advance would help block potential IS reinforcements from al-Mayadeen, it said. Islamic State in Syria still holds much of Deir al-Zor province and half the city, as well some territory further west near Homs and Hama, where government forces recaptured several villages on Saturday, pro-Damascus media reported. But the group has lost most of its caliphate which from 2014 stretched across swathes of Syria and Iraq, including oil-rich Deir al-Zor. The SDF is still battling to eject IS from the remaining areas it holds in Raqqa, northwest of Deir al-Zor and once the group s main Syria stronghold from where it planned attacks abroad. Talks between Russia, Iran and opposition backer Turkey in the Kazakh capital Astana are to take place next week, possibly followed by a separate track at the United Nations in Geneva in October or November. Assad s government has participated in previous rounds from a position of power as Damascus has clawed back much territory, including the main urban centers in the west of the country and increasingly eastern desert held by IS. Syria s non-Islamist opposition holds some pockets of territory in western Syria, and the SDF, which is dominated by the Kurdish YPG militia, controls much of Syria s northeast. ",1
20538,"France discusses increased pressure on North Korea with Trump, Abe","PARIS (Reuters) - France s Emmanuel Macron discussed increased pressure and sanctions on North Korea on the telephone with U.S. President Donald Trump and Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Saturday, the French president s office said. The three leaders stressed the need for a  united and firm  reaction from the international community toward Pyongyang, Macron s office said. South Korea was bracing on Saturday for a possible further missile test by North Korea as it marked its founding anniversary, just days after its sixth and largest nuclear test. The French presidency said North Korea s  repeated provocations  were a  threat to peace and international security . It also said Macron had expressed France s  solidarity  with Japan. Tension on the Korean peninsula has escalated as North Korea s leader, Kim Jong Un, has stepped up the development of weapons, testing a string of missiles this year, including one flying over Japan. Experts believe the Pyongyang government is close to its goal of developing a powerful nuclear weapon capable of reaching the United States, something U.S. President Trump has vowed to prevent. ",1
20539,Germany's Greens all but rule out three-way 'Jamaica' coalition,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Greens on Saturday all but ruled out a three-way coalition with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) after the Sept. 24 election and a conservative said such an alliance would not be ideal. Polls show Merkel s conservatives are likely to win the election with around 38 percent of the vote but will be left in need of a coalition partner. Their rival Social Democrats (SPD) are lagging on around 22 percent. Possible coalition options include a repeat of the current  grand coalition  between the conservatives and SPD or a  Jamaica coalition  of the conservatives, FDP and Greens - the name referring to the black, yellow and green colors of the Jamaican flag. Katrin Goering-Eckhardt, one of the Greens  two top candidates, told regional newspaper Passauer Neue Presse:  I can t imagine Jamaica.  Coalitions tend to be tested at the state level before they are formed at the national level. A Jamaica alliance was formed in the coastal state of Schleswig-Holstein after Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) won an election there in May. But Goering-Eckhardt said the Greens and FDP had  diametrically opposed positions  on issues including climate protection, emission thresholds for clean cars and refugees.  I can t see how it could work at the national level,  she said. FDP leader Christian Lindner told Focus magazine he was also unable to envisage a Jamaica coalition given the hurdles to reaching agreement with the Greens on immigration and energy. Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere, a senior conservative, told regional newspaper Rheinische Post neither the conservatives nor the SPD wanted to continue the current  grand coalition  because it  is not good for democracy , referring to the small parliamentary opposition that such a tie-up leaves. But he added that it would be harder to reach agreements with the Greens and FDP on domestic security than it has been with the SPD.  From a security perspective it would be good if the conservative bloc could choose a two-way alliance,  he said. Cem Ozdemir, the Greens  other top candidate, said in an interview with Tagesspiegel am Sonntag newspaper that his party wanted to be in the next federal government, which he suggested would be formed by Merkel:  The race for first place seems to be over - Angela Merkel is out in front.   But the latest polls show Merkel s conservatives and the Greens would not be able to muster enough support between them to form a two-way alliance. While support for the Greens has dropped to single digits this year - it is on 8 percent in the latest polls - a Forsa survey published this week showed half of Germans would welcome the Greens being part of the post-election government. Merkel on Saturday reiterated her warning to voters about a coalition between the SPD, radical Left party and Greens, telling voters in the southwestern city of Reutlingen that a red-red-green tie-up would be  bad for our country  and Germany should not embark on any experiments at a time of uncertainty. A red-red-green alliance, which had seemed a possible option early this year, has not been able to get a majority in polls for weeks. ",1
20540,German minister urges EU to standardize asylum seeker benefits,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Social benefits for asylum seekers in Germany are  quite high  and they need to be harmonized across Europe, the country s interior minister was quoted on Saturday as saying, two weeks before a national election in which immigration is a key issue. Thomas de Maiziere belongs to Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, who are expected again to emerge as the biggest party after the Sept. 24 election despite losing some support to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD). The right-wing AfD, which has tried to tap into public disquiet over Merkel s 2015 decision to open German borders to more than a million migrants, is expected to win up to 11 percent in the election and enter the federal parliament for the first time. In an interview published in the regional newspaper Rheinische Post, de Maiziere appeared to target voters particularly concerned by the migrant influx, saying asylum procedures and benefits for asylum seekers needed to be harmonized across the 28-nation European Union.  What we need next is a standardized asylum system in Europe and we re currently negotiating that in the EU - it can t be that the standards are so different in Romania, Finland, Portugal and Germany,  he said.  Germany is the country that most (asylum seekers) want to live in because the process and conditions for being accepted are relatively generous compared with other European countries and the benefits for refugees are quite high compared with other EU member countries,  he said. De Maiziere said a more harmonized system could involve possible subsidies for migrants to help cover higher living costs in countries such as Germany on top of a uniform amount agreed at the level of the EU. He also called for common legal standards, saying:  Asylum seekers here can drag out their deportation significantly more than they can elsewhere using various legal paths.  ",1
