id,title,text,label
18036,Spain's Abertis board to discuss moving head office from Catalonia on Monday: source,"MADRID (Reuters) - The board of Spanish infrastructure firm Abertis will meet on Monday to discuss moving its head office out of Catalonia as the region s parliament considers unilaterally declaring independence from Spain, a source familiar with the matter said. Several big Catalan companies have announced plans to move their registered office to other cities in Spain after Catalonia went ahead with an independence referendum last week which was banned by a Spanish court. There was no immediate comment from Abertis, which builds, maintains and operates highways in Spain, France and the Americas. Italy s Atlantia bid 16.3 billion euros ($19 billion) for Abertis in May to create the world s biggest toll road operator. ($1 = 0.8523 euros) ",1
18037,"Philippine president sees biggest ratings dip, but popularity intact","MANILA (Reuters) - Trust and satisfaction in Philippine leader Rodrigo Duterte fell to the lowest of his presidency in the third quarter of this year, a survey showed on Sunday, although sentiment about his leadership remained positive overall. Net satisfaction, used by pollster Social Weather Stations (SWS) as a rating of the president s performance, was down 18 points from the second quarter to 48, classified as  good  in the survey of 1,200 Filipinos conducted in the last week of September.  Duterte s net trust rating, which gauges public sentiment about his personality, was  very good  at 60 points, down from  excellent  75 he achieved in the previous poll. The survey was conducted just a few days after thousands of Filipinos rallied to denounce Duterte, his anti-drug crackdown and what they called an emerging dictatorship. Thousands of Filipinos have been killed in the crackdown and other SWS polls conducted in September indicated doubts about the validity of official accounts of the 3,800 cases where police killed drug suspects. The SWS survey did not ask respondents to give a reason for the rating of Duterte, who took office in June 2016. Duterte s spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the survey results. Political analyst Ramon Casiple, head of the country s Institute for Political and Electoral Reform, said it was normal for a president s rating to fall during his time in office, but concern over the high death toll in his signature war on drugs will have weighed on sentiment. Activists accuse Duterte of inciting police to kill drug dealers and users, which he denies. Police reject allegations they are executing suspects and say deaths occurred because victims had violently resisted arrest. Casiple said that though the poll still showed Duterte had the support of Filipinos, he should take it seriously.  This is a real diminution of his popularity and it serves as a wakeup call for him to stop it further going down,  Casiple said of the poll.  However, this is still a comfortable figure and far from the threshold of unpopularity.  Based on SWS methodology for net trust ratings, a score of 70 and above is considered excellent, 50 to 69 is very good, 30-49 good and 10-29 moderate. While his political opponents chide him for his authoritarian style and intolerance of dissent, Duterte enjoys a cult-like following and support from millions of Filipinos, who see him as the best hope for change in a country with rampant crime and a yawning gap between rich and poor. ",1
18038,"France's Macron, unions seek upper hand in struggle over reforms","PARIS (Reuters) - Emmanuel Macron may have won the opening salvo in his battle to reform France s economy, but a nationwide strike by public workers this week will put more pressure on a leader struggling to shake off criticism that he is  president of the rich . Strike notices have been lodged in schools, hospitals, airports and government ministries. Tuesday s protest over plans to axe 120,000 jobs and reduce sick leave compensation will be the first time in a decade that all nine unions representing 5.4 million public workers have united behind a protest call. The walkout comes as Macron, 39, looks to reverse damaging headlines after a week in which he scrapped a wealth tax and was recorded making unsympathetic remarks about workers at a struggling factory. Opponents reacted by branding him out of touch with ordinary voters.  It should be a massive mobilization of workers,  Mylene Jacquot, a senior official from France s largest trade union, the moderate CFDT, told reporters. Macron says France s economy needs re-shaping to lure investment and rein in spending, as he strives to persuade Berlin that Paris can be a credible partner with whom to drive European reform. Public sector workers say they are bearing the brunt of the government s effort to tame its fiscal deficit. Macron defied tens of thousands of protesters   far fewer compared with demonstrations of the past    last month to drive through labor reforms that simplify employment rules and give companies more power to set working conditions.  Civil servants, retired people and students are not giving up as they look anxiously towards a proposed overhaul of the employment insurance and pension systems.  So far, Unions have been unable to speak with a single voice. Among workers there are signs of mounting agitation for a tougher stance, notably from the CFDT and Force Ouvriere union which both shunned the labor reform strikes.  You can hear it in the room. The rank and file is saying  we ve got to act, we ve got to give a different answer ,  Norbert Raffolt told union bosses at a CFDT convention. Government measures to cut housing aid and increase certain social security contributions while reducing corporate tax and scrapping a levy on wealth have infuriated socialist opponents and drawn attacks from left-leaning media       Robin Hood robbed from the rich to give to the poor. Macron is more cold-hearted, more ruthless: he takes from the poorest to give to the wealthiest,  wrote one commentator in Liberation newspaper. The centrist government says its policies are balanced and will increase the spending power of households.  We want to create wealth in France ... and at the same time take steps to bolster the purchasing power of workers, of pensioners,  Francois de Rugy, a close Macron ally and president of the National Assembly, told Europe 1 radio on Sunday.      Until now, Macron, whose popularity has slumped since he came to power in May, has been able to take comfort from the divided response of unions to his sweeping reform agenda. France was once a champion of social protest, with unions able to shut down swathes of the economy and force ministers to respond. But strikes have become less frequent and less successful as the number heeding calls for industrial action falls. Companies in France lost 81 days to strikes per 1,000 workers in 2014, compared with more than 300 days in the late 1990s and over a thousand days in the late 1980s, according to government data. It is not clear how much disruption Tuesday s public workers  strike will cause to schools, transport networks, hospitals and libraries.  One teachers  union said nearly half of all primary school teachers in Paris would strike on Tuesday, forcing dozens of schools to close. The aviation authority has asked airlines to cancel a third of flights at airports across the country because of anticipated staff shortages.       ",1
18039,Likely successor to Cuba's Castro rejects U.S. demands for change,"HAVANA (Reuters) - The man forecast to replace Cuban President Raul Castro early next year rejected U.S. demands that the Communist-run country change its political and economic system. In a Sunday speech blasting U.S. pressure on the Venezuelan government and what he termed an effort to discredit the Cuban tourism industry, First Vice President Miguel Diaz-Canel said these and other recent events in the region proved  imperialism can never be trusted, not even a tiny bit, never.   Diaz-Canel was quoting Ernesto Che Guevara at a ceremony commemorating the 50th anniversary of the death of the revolutionary who had helped lead a Bolivian uprising modeled after Cuba s.  Cuba will not make concessions to its sovereignty and independence, nor negotiate its principles or accept the imposition of conditions,  Diaz-Canel said, apparently responding to U.S. President Donald Trump s recent statement at the United Nations that sanctions would not be lifted until the Caribbean island restores democracy and capitalism.  The changes needed in Cuba will solely be carried out by the Cuban people,  Diaz-Canel said. Castro, 86, has announced he will step down as president in February. Experts expect Diaz-Canel, 57, to become the first head of state since the early 1960s without Castro as a last name. There are no direct elections in Cuba for national office. Trump said in June that he would once more tighten sanctions on Cuba and seek a better deal from the country than the gradual detente achieved by predecessor Barack Obama. The Trump administration has drastically reduced staffing at its embassy in Cuba and ordered a reciprocal reduction of Cuban diplomats in Washington due to a series of alleged  health attacks  on U.S. personnel in Havana. The United States has not blamed Cuba for the still unsolved incidents but holds it responsible for not protecting its personnel. The administration has also issued a travel warning stating U.S. citizens might be targeted.  Some unnamed officials are propagating unusual nonsense without any evidence, with the perverse aim of discrediting the impeccable reputation of our country as a safe destination for foreign visitors, including from the United States,  Diaz-Canel said. ",1
18040,"On Putin's birthday, opposition activists protest, call for him to quit","MOSCOW/ST PETERSBURG (Reuters) - Police detained more than 200 opposition activists on Saturday for taking part in a wave of anti-Kremlin protests across Russia in support of jailed opposition leader Alexei Navalny, ahead of a presidential election in March, a monitoring group reported. Under grey skies and intermittent rain, over two thousand people gathered in central Moscow s Pushkin Square and chanted  Russia will be free  and  Russia without Putin  before walking towards the Kremlin and parliament.  Police briefly detained a few people, but did not charge anyone. It was a different story at rallies in other cities however, and the OVD-Info monitoring group, a non-profit organization, said at least 262 people had been detained in 27 towns. In St Petersburg, Putin s home town, a Reuters witness saw riot police roughly detain at least 11 people. OVD-Info said at least 66 people had been detained in the city. Navalny, who is serving a 20-day jail term for violating rules on public meetings, called the rally in Moscow and other cities to coincide with Putin s 65th birthday. Putin, who has dominated Russia s political landscape for almost 18 years, is widely expected to run for what would be his fourth term.  Navalny hopes to run too, despite the central election commission declaring him ineligible due to a suspended prison sentence he says was politically-motivated. One of the Moscow protesters held a homemade poster of Putin sitting on a mountain of banknotes, wearing a crown with the legend:  Happy Birthday you little thief!     Others carried posters citing their right to protest, some waved Russian flags, and a few carried inflatable yellow ducks, a jokey reference to Navalny accusing Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev of owning a lavish estate with a duck house. Medvedev called the claims politically-motivated nonsense. In St Petersburg, some 1,500 activists waving red and white banners gathered in a square before heading for the city s main street shouting  Putin is a thief  and  Free Navalny .      The size of Saturday s Moscow rally and others across Russia looked far more modest than Navalny-backed mass protests in March and June, which were widely recognized to be some of the biggest since 2012. Many of the Moscow protesters were teenagers or in their twenties.  Carrying a yellow duck, Ulugbek Apsapayev, 17, said he had turned up because he wanted a better future for Russia.  The duck is a sign that we support Alexei Navalny who also wants only good things for the country. But unfortunately we only have Vladimir Putin and his gang in power.  Putin is popular across the country however, especially outside major cities where his strong leadership style and tough foreign policy stance go down well. He is expected to confirm later this year that he will run for another six-year term. Opinion polls show he would comfortably beat Navalny if the opposition leader was allowed to run. Navalny says such polls are meaningless because there is no fair political competition.           Putin spent his birthday taking congratulatory calls from other world leaders, and chaired a security council meeting.  Authorities had refused to approve most of Saturday s rallies, but Navalny says Russians  right to protest is enshrined in the constitution.  A Reuters reporter at a rally in the Urals city of Yekaterinburg saw police detain at least eight people among a crowd of over 1,000 protesters. ",1
18041,Japan's Koike says her party offers centrist choice to voters,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike said on Sunday her new party aims to offer voters a  middle of the fairway  choice, seeking to differentiate her group from ruling, conservative Liberal Democratic Party and smaller, left-leaning opposition parties. Koike s Party of Hope, launched just last month, is challenging Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s Liberal Democratic Party-led ruling coalition in an Oct. 22 election, promising to freeze a planned 2019 sales tax hike and consider a new tax on companies  retained earnings.  If I use a golf course metaphor, right now, I believe we have right (wing parties) and left (wing parties) and nothing in between. So we will present ourselves as the fairway, the very centre of the way,  Koike told a policy debate by major party leaders. The outlook for the election is unclear but some analysts say Koike s party may be losing steam because it had too little time to prepare for the snap poll. Her decision not to run for a lower house seat herself could also deter voters, they said. A Yomiuri newspaper survey published online later on Sunday showed that 32 percent of voters planned to cast ballots for the LDP in proportional representation districts where voters pick a party, not a candidate, outstripping the 13 percent opting for the Party of Hope. Another 7 percent chose the small, new left-leaning Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CSDJ). Koike said her party s policies aim to bring a new idea such as basic income and will be closer to consumers.  The idea of basic income is still experimental but we think this is something we should consider in the future,  she said. But Koike declined to reveal who would lead a government should her party, formed only about two weeks ago by her supporters and some opposition lawmakers, be in a position to form one.  I will think about it after we see the results of the election,  she said. Koike, a former LDP lawmaker, has repeatedly denied she would run for a seat in the election, which means she could not lead a government herself as the constitution stipulates a prime minister has to be selected from elected lawmakers. That has led to speculation her Party of Hope may tie up with some LDP lawmakers who have been alienated by Abe, such as former defense minister Shigeru Ishiba. She told Reuters on Friday that all options were on the table regarding whom her party would back when parliament convenes to vote on a prime minister after the election. While Party of Hope s economic policies differ from those of  Abe s conservative LDP, but many of its security and diplomatic policies echo LDP s agenda, including revision to Japan s pacifist constitution. The campaign for the Oct. 22 election kicks off formally on Oct. 10.  Abe reiterated during the debate that his government would remain in power if the ruling coalition wins a simple majority of the 465 seats up for grabs, although some analysts suggest he himself could face pressure to resign if his LDP fares badly. The Yomiuri survey showed support for Abe s cabinet had dipped to 41 percent from 43 percent in late September. ",1
18042,Moscow warns it may restrict U.S. media in Russia,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is within its rights to restrict the operations of U.S. media organizations in Russia in retaliation for what Moscow calls U.S. pressure on a Kremlin-backed TV station, a Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman said on Sunday. Russian officials have accused Washington of putting unwarranted pressure on the U.S. operations of RT, a Kremlin-funded broadcaster accused by some in Washington of interfering in domestic U.S. politics, which it denies. The foreign ministry spokeswoman, Maria Zakharova, said the full weight of the U.S. authorities was being brought to bear against RT s operations in the United States, and that Moscow had the right to respond.  We have never used Russian law in relation to foreign correspondents as a lever of pressure, or censorship, or some kind of political influence, never,  Zakharova said in an interview with Russia s NTV broadcaster.  But this is a particular case.  She cited a 1991 Russian law which, she said, stated that if a Russian media outlet is subject to restrictions in a foreign country, then Moscow has the right to impose proportionate restrictions on media outlets from that country operating inside Russia.  Correspondingly, everything that Russian journalists and the RT station are subject to on U.S. soil, after we qualified it as restriction of their activities, we can apply similar measures to American journalists, American media here, on Russian territory,  Zakharova said. She did not identify any specific U.S. media outlets that would be targeted. She said it made no difference from the Russian government s point of view if those outlets were backed by the U.S. state, or privately-funded. Late last month, Russia s state communications regulator accused U.S. TV channel CNN International of violating its license to broadcast in Russia and said it had summoned the broadcaster s representatives in connection with the matter. The watchdog did not publicly disclose the nature of the violation. The head of the regulator said it was a technical matter and denied that politics was involved. U.S. intelligence officials, in a report in January this year into allegations of Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election, said RT was part of a state-run propaganda machine that supported a Kremlin campaign to influence U.S. politics. Russia Today, and Russian officials, have denied any attempt to interfere in U.S. politics. They say that political forces in the United States are whipping up hysteria about Russia s influence to discredit President Donald Trump. ",1
18043,Italy's main parties back election law that isolates 5-Star,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s traditional political parties have pledged to back a new electoral law this week that is seen penalizing the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement ahead of next year s national election. The lower house of parliament is due to start voting on Tuesday on an electoral law supported by the country s main right- and left-wing parties. Unlike the current system, it would allow the formation of broad coalitions before a vote, a factor likely to hurt 5-Star, which refuses to join alliances.  The only aim (of the law) is to allow others to gang up on us,  5-Star lawmaker Danilo Toninelli said on Sunday, a day after a parliamentary committee signed off on the new proposal. For the traditional parties,  the important thing is to stop the 5-Star,  he said. A national vote is due to be held during the first half of 2018, between March and May. Polls show Matteo Renzi s ruling center-left Democratic Party (PD), which proposed the new law, is neck-in-neck with the 5-Star. But if the PD runs in alliance with smaller centrist and left-wing parties, together they would likely surpass the 5-Star, now led by the 31-year-old Luigi Di Maio. The new law may be even more beneficial to Silvio Berlusconi s center-right Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party and the far-right Northern League, which also back the bill. In a coalition, polls show they could win the most votes.  The wind is blowing in the sails of the center-right and of Forza Italia,  the lower-house speaker of Berlusconi s party, Renato Brunetta, said.  But polls give neither Renzi s center-left or Berlusconi s center-right enough votes to govern alone, suggesting a right-left alliance may be the only way to form a government after the election.  The bill could pass as early as this week in the Chamber, after which it would go to the Senate for approval. The risk is that it could be sunk by dozens of secret votes in which parliamentarians can break with the official party line. Secret voting is what killed a previous election law proposal in June that initially had been supported by the 5-Star Movement. The 5-Star catapulted into parliament in 2013 with nearly a quarter of the national vote, but it has struggled to further expand its support. It has vowed to rescue Italy from the clutches of what it says is a corrupt political system.  Five-Star s policies include the introduction of universal income support for the poor, rewriting European Union public spending limits, and phasing out fossil fuels. It now says holding a referendum whether to dump the euro, which had been a pillar of its platform, is not a priority. The proposed election law would distribute almost two-thirds of the seats in parliament on a proportional basis, while a third would be decided in a first-past-the-post vote on specific candidates. Coalitions would need to get 10 percent of the national vote to get into parliament, while parties running alone would need only 3 percent. Candidates would be chosen by party chiefs. ",1
18044,Macri's coalition poised to win key Argentina midterm vote: opinion polls,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentine President Mauricio Macri s business-friendly coalition is poised to win an important Senate seat in two weeks, opinion polls showed on Sunday, potentially damaging former populist President Cristina Fernandez s attempted comeback. Esteban Bullrich, formerly Macri s education minister, received 33.9 percent of voter intention in the contest for Buenos Aires province, home to about 40 percent of voters, according to a poll by consultancy Management & Fit seen by Reuters. Fernandez earned 29.6 percent of voter intention. Another poll by Poliarquia Consultores published in La Nacion newspaper showed Bullrich earning 37.7 percent of voter intention, compared to 35.2 percent for second-place Fernandez. A loss would diminish her chances of returning to the presidency in 2019. The Oct. 22 legislative elections will be closely watched by investors as a signal of Argentines  appetite to return to Fernandez s interventionist policies, and as an indication of Macri s ability to carry out the rest of his agenda.   The one who is weak is the Peronist party, the one who is expanding and getting more influence is the government,  Poliarquia director Alejandro Catterberg told Reuters.  Cristina is only really present in Buenos Aires.  While Macri s  Let s Change  coalition will not obtain a majority in either house of Congress, a strong performance would help in negotiations with opposition lawmakers over reforms to Argentina s tax code and capital markets regulations. The winner receives two seats for their coalition while the second-place finisher receives one, meaning Fernandez will likely enter the Senate either way. Moderate Peronist Sergio Massa is polling a distant third, the surveys showed. Since taking office in December 2015, Macri has introduced a number of reforms economists say were necessary to stabilize Latin America s No. 3 economy, including allowing the peso currency to float and cutting subsidies for energy consumption. Fernandez has criticized the measures during the campaign.  The opinion polls show Bullrich has gained momentum since narrowly losing an Aug. 13 primary. Government data shows the economy improving in recent months, while Macri s nationwide approval rating has risen to its highest level since early 2016 at 46.5 percent, according to Management & Fit. Its poll of 1,000 respondents in Buenos Aires was conducted between Sept. 30 and Oct. 3, and has a 3.1 percent margin of error. Poliarquia consulted 1,130 respondents between Oct. 3 and Oct. 6. It has a 2.97 percent margin of error. ",1
18045,Women march through desert for Israeli-Palestinian peace,"JORDAN RIVER, West Bank (Reuters) - Thousands of Israeli and Palestinian women trekked through a biblical desert landscape on Sunday, converging on the shores of the Jordan River in a march for peace. The women, many of them dressed in white, descended through  the arid hills leading to the river, where they erected a  peace tent  named for Hagar and Sarah, scriptural mothers of Ishmael and Isaac, the half-brother patriarchs of Muslims and Jews.  We are women from the right, the left, Jews and Arabs, from the cities and the periphery and we have decided that we will stop the next war,  said Marilyn Smadja, one of the founders of the organizing group, Women Wage Peace. The organization was established after the 50-day Gaza war of 2014 when more than 2,100 Palestinians, mostly civilians, were killed. Israel put the number of its dead at 67 soldiers and six civilians. Some 5,000 women participated in Sunday s march, organizers said. It began last month at several locations across Israel and will culminate in a rally later in the day outside the Jerusalem residence of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ",1
18046,Erdogan says Turkey working with Syria rebels to implement Idlib accord,"ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan said on Sunday Turkey was implementing a deal agreed with Russia and Iran to reduce violence in Syria s northern province of Idlib, in cooperation with Free Syrian Army rebel fighters.  Now we are applying the Astana decisions in Idlib,  Erdogan said, referring to an agreement announced last month in the Kazakhstan capital. He said if Turkey had not acted  bombs would fall on our cities .  Our efforts in Idlib are going on, in cooperation with the Free Syria Army, without problems at the moment,  he told members of his ruling AK Party at a meeting in the western Turkish province of Afyon.   ",1
18047,Pence offers solace as Las Vegas police puzzle over shooter's motive,"LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence visited Las Vegas on Saturday stressing unity and offering solace as police appealed to the public for help in uncovering a wealthy retiree s motive for massacring 58 people at an outdoor concert this week.   We are united in our grief, in our support for those who have suffered and united in our resolve to end such evil in our time,  Pence said, joining Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman and other local leaders at a City Hall commemoration for victims of the shooting.  Participants trod seven miles (11 km) along four separate paths to the event amid tight security. President Donald Trump paid a visit to Las Vegas earlier in the week.   Las Vegas  Democratic Congresswoman Dina Titus was the only speaker who touched on the subject of gun violence and politics, saying,  Let us also pray for those who have power that they will have the wisdom, the courage, and the resolve to find ways to end the gun violence that plagues our nation.   The commemoration came as Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said investigators remain largely in the dark about what drove retired real estate investor and high-stakes gambler Stephen Paddock to carry out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.  We have looked at everything, literally, to include the suspect s personal life, any political affiliation, his social behaviors, economic situation, any potential radicalization,  McMahill told reporters late on Friday.  We have been down each and every single one of these paths, trying to determine why, to determine who else may have known of these plans.  McMahill said investigators had uncovered  no nexus  between Islamic State and Paddock, even though the militant group had repeatedly claimed responsibility for the attack. A piece of paper found in Paddock s room at the Mandalay Bay hotel appeared to calculate the distance and height from his window to help target victims below, the CBS News show  60 Minutes  said in a news release on Saturday ahead of a broadcast on Sunday of interviews with Clark County Sheriff s officers, including one who said he saw the paper. The Sheriff s Office could not be immediately reached for comment. Investigators have stressed that no suicide note had been found. In an unusual bid to cast a wider net for tips, the FBI and police have arranged with communications company Clear Channel to post billboards around Las Vegas urging citizens to come forward with any information that might help investigators. The billboards will bear the slogan,  If you know something, say something,  and carry a toll-free number to an FBI hotline, said Aaron Rouse, special agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office.      Paddock, 64, unleashed a torrent of gunfire onto an outdoor music festival from the windows of his 32nd-floor hotel suite overlooking the concert on Sunday night, then shot himself to death before police stormed his room. In addition to the 58 people who died, nearly 500 were injured, some by gunfire and some trampled or otherwise hurt while running for cover. Unlike so many other perpetrators of deadly mass shootings before him, Paddock left behind no suicide note, no manifesto, no recordings and no messages on social media pointing to his intent, according to police. McMahill said investigators remained certain Paddock acted alone in the shooting. But police have said they suspect he had help before the killings, based on the large number of guns, ammunition and explosives found in the hotel suite, his home, his car and a second home searched in Reno.  Authorities have said that 12 of the weapons recovered from Paddock s hotel suite were equipped with so-called bump-stock devices that enable semi-automatic rifles to be operated as if they were fully automatic machine-guns. Paddock s ability to fire hundreds of rounds per minute over the course of his 10-minute shooting spree was a major factor in the high casualty count, police said. The bloodshed might have lasted longer, with greater loss of life, but for a hotel security officer who was sent to check an open-door alarm on the 32nd floor, and discovered the gunman s whereabouts after the shooting started, McMahill said. The security officer, Jesus Campos, was struck in the leg as the gunman strafed the hallway with gunfire from behind his door, apparently having detected Campos via surveillance cameras Paddock set up outside his hotel suite. Campos, though wounded, alerted the hotel s dispatch,  which was absolutely critical to us knowing the location as well as advising the responding officers as they arrived on that 32nd floor,  McMahill said.  He s an absolute hero.  In a new disclosure, authorities said two bullets Paddock fired struck a large jet fuel storage tank at the edge of the city s main airport, about a block from the concert grounds, indicating an apparent attempt by the gunman to create even greater havoc. There was no explosion or fire from the two rounds, one of which penetrated the tank, as jet fuel in storage is almost impossible to ignite with gunshots, airport officials said on Friday. Paddock s girlfriend, Marilou Danley, 62, was questioned by the FBI on Wednesday and said in a statement she never had any inkling of Paddock s plans. Danley, who returned late on Tuesday from a family visit to the Philippines, is regarded by investigators as a  person of interest.  The Australian citizen of Filipino heritage is cooperating fully with authorities, her lawyer said. ",1
18048,"Ghana fuel site blast kills at least 7, injures dozens","ACCRA (Reuters) - At least seven people were killed and dozens injured, mostly suffering burns, after a huge explosion at a fuel distribution site in Ghana s capital, local authorities said on Sunday. The blast on Saturday evening was heard across much of the city, sending a giant fireball into the sky above the eastern part of Accra and causing frightened residents to flee their homes in large numbers. Others were forcibly evacuated. At least seven people died and 132 were injured, a statement from the Ministry of Information read out on local radio said on Sunday. About half of them had already been treated and discharged, it said The site includes a liquefied petroleum gas storage depot and two service stations run by state-owned GOIL and oil major Total. It was not immediately clear where or how the explosion began. Witnesses said people had already began fleeing the area ahead of the blast because of the pungent odor of gas - a factor that likely reduced casualties. Neither Total nor GOIL responded to requests for comment. Ghana, a relatively new oil and gas producer, has suffered several recent accidents including an explosion in 2015 that killed around 100 people. Like many teeming African cities, Accra s infrastructure has failed to keep up with its population, which has shot up to 7 million. At the scene of the fire on Sunday, scattered fruit and broken coconuts from street vendors were strewn near the wreckage next to burnt-out cars and a fuel lorry, a Reuters witness said.  Vice President Mahamudu Bawumia described the accident as  one too many  and promised to toughen safety measures. Several onlookers there expressed anger that the government had not done more to prevent another fatal accident in the city.  It s annoying to see all the big men in our society trooping to this place as if this is the first time we have such an incident,  said Joshua Vokeh, a 38-year-old mini bus driver.  They visit, talk tough and make promises, drive off and it ends there.  ",1
18049,Iran names nuclear negotiating team member jailed for spying,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A dual national member of Iran s nuclear negotiating team has been jailed for five years for spying, news agency Tasnim said on Sunday, citing a spokesman for the judiciary. Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei named the convicted man as Abdolrasul Dori Esfahani, without identifying his second nationality. Tasnim reported the sentence on Wednesday without naming  Dori Esfahani or detailing the charges.  Tasnim reported in July last year that he was in charge of banking affairs during the talks. According to Iranian media, he has Iranian and Canadian citizenship.   He was one of the people accused of spying and passing intelligence to strangers and he was linked to two intelligence agencies,  Mohseni Ejei said. He said Dori Esfahani s five-year sentence was upheld after a failed appeal, Tasnim reported. Dori Esfahani also faces charges of financial corruption, Mohseni Ejei said. The workings of Iran s judiciary are opaque and rarely open to public scrutiny. Iran reached a nuclear deal with the United States and five other major powers in 2015 that led to the lifting of most international sanctions against it in return for curbs on its nuclear programme. The potential detente with the West has alarmed Iranian hardliners, who have seen a flood of European trade and investment delegations arrive in Tehran to discuss possible deals, according to Iran experts. Security officials have arrested several businessmen, including Iranians holding joint American, European or Canadian citizenship, as part of a crackdown on  Western infiltration.  ",1
18050,Many Austrian voters still undecided ahead of election: poll,"ZURICH (Reuters) - More than a quarter of Austrian voters may still be undecided ahead of the Oct. 15 election, according to one poll, although a separate survey suggested that Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz s People s Party maintains a robust lead. Twenty-seven percent of voters were undecided, according data from a Research Affairs online poll of 600 people released late Saturday by tabloid newspaper Oesterreich. Another poll published on Sunday by the Kurier newspaper showed 33 percent of voters backed Kurz s conservative party, with current Chancellor Christian Kern s left-leaning Social Democrats running second at 27 percent.  The rightist Freedom Party was third, according to the Kurier poll, with 25 percent.     Last week the Social Democrats  chairman resigned after the party was linked to two Facebook accounts that made unsubstantiated allegations against Kurz and the controversy is likely boost voter turnout, said Wolfgang Bachmayer, whose OGM research service conducted the survey for Kurier.  His poll suggests 79 percent of eligible voters will cast their ballots.     Issues of substance have been completely overshadowed, with mud-slinging instead moving into the spotlight,  Bachmayer said .  On the brighter side of things, there are clear indications that participation will rise.  Austria s co-governing Social Democrats and conservative People s Party  said on Friday they would sue each other in the escalating scandal. The Kurier poll was conducted between Sept. 29 and Oct. 5 and included 1,002 telephone interviews, with 470 people identifying themselves as voters  certain  to cast ballots on Oct. 15. Oesterreich s online survey, gathered from last Monday to Wednesday, had a relatively small sample size of 600 people, with a wide margin of error. ",1
18051,Final assault on Islamic State in Raqqa to start on Sunday -commander,"RAQQA, Syria (Reuters) - A final assault on Islamic State s last line of defense in its former Syrian capital Raqqa should begin on Sunday night, a field commander for the U.S.-backed forces operating there said.  The loss of Islamic State s remaining streets and buildings in Raqqa following its defeat in Iraq s Mosul this year and its retreat from swathes of territory in both countries, would mark a major milestone in the battle to destroy the jihadist group.  The assault on militants in the center of the northern city will focus on surrounding the sports stadium there, said a field commander in the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) in western Raqqa, who gave his name as Ardal Raqqa.  Daesh is massing there because this is the last stage. They will resist, or they will surrender or die,  he said.  This their last stand to the death.  Islamic State declared a caliphate in 2014 and at the height of its power ruled over millions of people, from northern Syria to the outskirts of Iraq s capital Baghdad, but it has since endured a series of losses under attack from many sides.  Raqqa was the group s de facto Syrian capital, a center of operations where it oversaw the management of much of eastern, central and northern Syria and planned attacks abroad.  Now it is hemmed into a small area in the city center that includes the stadium, the National Hospital and a roundabout where Islamic State once displayed the heads of its enemies.  In the hours before the expected launch of the final assault, which the commander said could take up to a week, the sound of gunfire sporadically rattled around the area near the hospital.  The district had been flattened, with buildings completely gone. Coalition jets soared overhead and air strikes pounded at a higher rate than in recent days.  Islamic State has lost most of its territory to the SDF, spearheaded by the Kurdish YPG militia, and to a rival offensive by Syria s army and allied forces this year, and has fallen back on the fertile Euphrates valley area downstream of Raqqa.     The army and its allies reached the city of Deir al-Zor in September after a months-long offensive across the Syrian desert, and have since then pushed down the Euphrates towards the border with Iraq.      On Sunday a Syrian military source said they had encircled Islamic State fighters in the city of al-Mayadin, one of the jihadists  last strongholds in the area.  Units of our armed forces with the allied forces continue their advance on a number of fronts and axes in Deir al-Zor and its countryside... and encircle Daesh terrorists in the city of al-Mayadin,  the military source said.     However, the group has still been able to launch a series of effective counter attacks against the Syrian army in the central desert region over the past week, putting pressure on the main supply road to Deir al-Zor from the west.  Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is backed in the war by Russia, Iran and Shi ite militias including Lebanon s Hezbollah, and its campaign against Islamic State has mostly been on the west bank of the river.  The U.S.-backed SDF campaign has mostly been on the east bank, where Raqqa is located, and has also advanced downstream to hold areas opposite Deir al-Zor. The United States and Russia have put in place channels to lessen the risk of fighting between the rival offensives they back.  U.S. officials have previously said that Islamic State had relocated some of its diminished command and propaganda structures to al-Mayadin as it was forced from territory elsewhere.     The spokeswoman for the SDF campaign in Raqqa, Jihan Sheikh Ahmad, said in a statement on a website for the campaign that it would announce the liberation of Raqqa  in the coming few days  after having captured 85 percent of the city.    Commanders directing the battle in Raqqa have said that Islamic State fighters have taken civilian hostages and are using sniper fire, booby traps and tunnels to slow the SDF advance. The SDF began its campaign to isolate Raqqa early this year, pushing along several fronts to enclose the city against the Euphrates backed by coalition air strikes and special forces.  Its attack on the city itself started in June and the fighting left much of Raqqa in ruins, as intense air strikes and street-to-street battles devastated buildings. ",1
18052,"Scottish independence case helped by ""Brexit chaos"": Sturgeon","EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Britain s struggles to chart a way out of the European Union are boosting the case for Scottish independence, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said on Sunday, but she shied away from committing to a date for another referendum vote. Scotland rejected independence by a 10 percentage point margin in a 2014 vote, and polls indicate that support for it has not shifted significantly since then.  We will consider the (independence referendum) timing again when we have more clarity on what we face,  Sturgeon said, speaking as her Scottish National Party (SNP) began a three-day conference in Glasgow.   People watch the chaos that is engulfing the UK right now and people look ahead and see the damage that is likely to be done by this unfolding disaster that is not just Brexit but this incompetent and chaotic approach to Brexit being presided over by (Conservative Prime Minister) Theresa May,  she told the BBC.  I think the case for Scotland s future in Scotland s hands (...) is becoming greater and stronger by the day.  Sturgeon, who heads the devolved Scottish government, saw her party lose more than one third of its seats in Britain s June election after it mistimed a push for another vote on secession. It subsequently put the plan on hold. Brexit has put the union of the UK s four nations under strain because Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to remain  while Wales and the larger England voted to leave. Britain s main parties are fighting over what new relationship is needed with the bloc after 40 years of shared trade and politics. May has seen her authority over the Conservatives erode since a June s snap election in which she lost her parliamentary majority. That means Britain still has a choice over the shape of its future trading relations, Sturgeon argued.  I believe so, so strongly, not for ideological reasons but for hard practical reasons, it would be an act of monumental folly for the UK to come out of the single market.   ",1
18053,Police release London museum crash driver as enquiries continue,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police said on Sunday a man arrested after a car collided with pedestrians in London, injuring 11, had been released under investigation while enquires continued. A 47-year-old was arrested at the scene near London s Natural History Museum on Saturday on suspicion of dangerous driving. He was treated in hospital before being taken to a north London police station, the Metropolitan Police said.  This morning he was released under investigation while enquiries continue,  the police said. People released under investigation are not required to attend again at a police station but can be contacted, and in some incidences arrested again, after further police enquiries. A vehicle mounted the pavement and collided with  pedestrians in one of the capital s busiest tourist areas on Saturday afternoon, but police doused concerns it was a terrorist attack.  Because of where this collision occurred and the number of pedestrians involved, I fully appreciate the concern and alarm this incident caused,  DC Darren Case from the Roads and Transport Policing Command said on Sunday.   Enquiries have established that this incident is not terrorist related ...Thankfully there are no serious injuries with the majority now discharged from hospital.  ",1
18054,UK's May signals foreign minister Johnson could be sacked,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May has signaled that she could sack Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, a Sunday newspaper said, as she tries to reassert her authority after a series of political disasters. The Sunday Times said it asked May about her plans for Johnson, who has professed loyalty but is accused by some of the prime minister s allies of undermining her by putting forward his own vision for Britain s exit from the European Union.  It has never been my style to hide from a challenge and I m not going to start now,  it quoted May as replying, in what it called a signal that she was prepared to bring in new ministers to her cabinet and axe those who had caused her problems.  I m the PM, and part of my job is to make sure I always have the best people in my cabinet, to make the most of the wealth of talent available to me in the party.  May has seen her authority over her Conservative Party erode since she called a snap election in June in which she lost her majority in parliament. Johnson, seen as a potential successor to May, said that Conservative lawmakers pushing to unseat her were  nutters , adding that a change would lead to demands for another election that could bring a resurgent Labour party back to power.  Are we really going to be stampeded myopically over the edge of the gorge, with an election that no one wants?  he said in the Sunday Telegraph. Johnson wrote a newspaper article last month outlining his vision of Brexit just days before May made a major speech on the subject. While professing loyalty, his interventions have been seen as undermining May and causing unnecessary unrest ahead of the party s conference last week that culminated in a disastrous speech by the prime minister, marred by a coughing fit and letters falling off the slogan on the set behind her.  Johnson made a plea for loyalty with a typical rhetorical flourish on Sunday.  Quo quo scelesti ruitis? , as Horace put it at the beginning of a fresh bout of Rome s ghastly civil wars, and which roughly translates as:  What do you think you are doing you nutters?  On Friday, former Conservative Party chairman Grant Shapps said he had garnered the support of 30 lawmakers who wanted to remove May from the party leadership, short of the number needed to launch a formal challenge.   Former Prime Minister John Major said he was increasingly dismayed by the plotting in the party by those driven by their own personal agenda.  The country has had enough of the self-absorbed and, frankly, disloyal behavior we have witnessed over recent weeks,  he said in the Mail on Sunday.  The speculation about May s position comes ahead of crucial Brexit talks between Britain and the EU, and the political uncertainty has led to growing concern that no deal would be agreed by March 2019 when Britain leaves the bloc.   Britain s Sunday newspapers were brimming with briefings from unnamed Conservative figures suggesting May s days in Downing Street were numbered. The Sunday Times said three cabinet ministers had discussed the need to replace May.   It s a  when  question now,  one of  the unnamed ministers told the paper.  It feels to me that this is over before Christmas.  A fourth minister was quoted as saying there needed to be an orderly transition to a new leader and there was no prospect of May being in charge for the next election due in 2022. The Observer newspaper said unnamed senior Conservative figures said while May had no long-term future they were pressing her to shake up her team, hoping new blood would re-energise the party as well as frustrate Johnson s ambitions.  ",1
18055,May's party suspends two EU lawmakers over Brexit vote,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain s ruling Conservatives barred two of their own lawmakers in the European Parliament after they broke the party whip and voted for a motion demanding London do more to meet EU demands in Brexit talks.  Julie Girling and ... Richard Ashworth were suspended from the Conservative Party last night after supporting a resolution ... to block Brexit talks moving forward,  the party said on Sunday in a statement that highlighted divisions over Britain s move to quit the European Union in 18 months. Prime Minister Theresa May supported the move. A government source said the two had behaved  totally irresponsibly .      They left the party no choice but to act,  Ashley Fox, leader of the 20-strong group, said in the statement, describing the decision of Ashworth and Girling, a former group leader and chief whip respectively, as  extremely regrettable . Girling, who like Ashworth and Fox opposed Brexit during last year s referendum, defended her decision to vote with the overwhelming majority in Strasbourg on Tuesday on a non-binding resolution which urged EU leaders not to accept London s request for talks on post-Brexit trade without further concessions.  I did not vote to prevent trade talks,  she said, noting she called for such negotiations. However, she said in a statement that it was  patently obvious  that the EU s test of  sufficient progress  on key divorce issues were not yet met.  Her vote, she said, put the interests of her constituents over party discipline and referred to support on the far-right for Britain to walk out without a deal:  I have never agreed to silently acquiesce as our country heads towards a cliff edge,  she said, describing that as  wanton economic self-harm .  May, who also opposed Brexit, is battling to contain in-fighting over approaches to Brexit and threats to her leadership after an uncertain party conference performance last week. Her Brexit minister David Davis is due back in Brussels this week for further talks. The party statement said Davis had written to leaders of the Labour and Liberal Democrat parties to complain after most British MEPs voted with the majority. He urged Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn to suspend most of his MEPs. ",1
18056,Ghana gas depot blast kills at least six: fire service,"ACCRA (Reuters) - At least six people were killed and 35 injured, mostly suffering burns, after an explosion at a natural gas depot in Ghana s capital, fire service spokesman Billy Anaglate said on Sunday. The explosion on Saturday evening at the state-owned GOIL liquefied natural gas station sent a giant fireball into the sky above the eastern part of Accra, causing frightened residents to flee their homes in large numbers. Others were forcibly evacuated. Ghana, a relatively new oil and gas producer, has suffered several recent accidents including an explosion in 2015 that killed around 100 people. Several onlookers at the scene of the explosion expressed anger on Sunday that the government had not done more to prevent another fatal accident.  ",1
18057,Protests test tribal authority on South Africa's platinum belt,"MOGALAKWENA, South Africa (Reuters) - A new power struggle is unfolding in South Africa s old homelands between global mining giants, traditional leaders and an impoverished rural populace. Parts of an industry long used to labor unrest are now contending with community protests that have cut production of the country s largest mineral export earner, platinum, and may shut some operations down altogether. At the heart of the conflict are tribal leaders who have royal titles and feudal-style control over the homelands, poor rural areas designated to South Africa s black majority by its former white minority rulers during apartheid. Tribal leaders are also key allies of President Jacob Zuma, whose political base has become increasingly rural, and his African National Congress party has drafted a law that would cement their control. But with protests spreading across the homelands, the communities, mining companies and some within the ANC itself are moving to change what they see as an anachronistic system. The traditional leaders have acted as intermediaries with companies which have discovered chrome and coal as well as platinum in the homelands and hope to find shale gas. Many locals say they are seeing none of the proceeds.  If they don t give us that 175 million rand ($13 million), we are going to shut down the mine,  said Chippa Langa, a leader of the community around the Mogalakwena platinum mine, referring to a community fund set up by Anglo American Platinum (Amplats). To avoid such an outcome, a leading human rights lawyer is negotiating with the local royal house to allow community representatives more control over the fund.   We are renegotiating the agreement to make it more accountable,  said the lawyer, Richard Spoor, whose work has included spearheading a class action suit against gold producers over the fatal lung disease silicosis which miners contract. It is a plan that, if copied elsewhere, would dilute the power of the tribal leaders and could do the same to the ANC, which has ruled South Africa since the end of apartheid in 1994. But Spoor says he and his legal team, who are acting for the communities rather than the mine, are not undermining tradition.  Our view is that this more democratic model is far more aligned with traditional law and custom. We don t regard the current very authoritarian top-down style of chieftanship as consistent with the traditional institution.  Zolani Mkiva, head of presidency at Contralesa, the umbrella group for South Africa s traditional leaders, agreed that the African way is bottom up, but said what he called isolated cases involving some mining deals were giving the chiefs a bad name.   They tend to attract attention and create an impression that this represents the African way of leadership,  he said. Chris Griffith, chief executive of Amplats, a unit of Anglo American, said the company was fully behind the restructuring of the community trust and was applying the lessons learned to other deals.  What we are trying to do is get away from some of the previous structures where we felt obliged to pay the money over to the Kgoshi (chief),  Griffiths told Reuters, noting a new-style deal on a chrome project in February. At that project, there have been no protests so far. Discontent has not been confined to Mogalakwena, the world s largest open-pit platinum mine, where Amplats says protests two years ago cost it 8,600 ounces of its annual 200,000-plus ounces of production. Impala Platinum s Marula mine says it lost 10,000 ounces of almost 80,000 ounces of production in the last financial year to community protests that included road blocks, vehicle stonings and assaults on people reporting for work. A nearby chrome project it set up with a tribal council - made up of a chief and his aides - has collapsed and Impala says it may soon have to close Marula, which would be the first such shutdown in South Africa linked purely to social upheaval. Falling platinum prices have multiplied the pressure. Implats CEO Nico Muller told Reuters the company would not change the structure itself but wanted the two sides to resolve their differences.  The way they apply the proceeds is perceived not to benefit the broader community,  he said. Around Mogalakwena, set amid rust-tinged rocky outcrops in sweltering latitudes north of Johannesburg, resentment over grinding poverty runs deep.  I never worked in the mine. I never got benefit, nothing,  said 57-year-old Leg Phalanea as he walked down a dusty street near the mine. The bill before parliament formalizes the current political system in the homelands with a clause allowing traditional councils to enter partnerships with any  body or institution . It says such deals  must be beneficial to the community represented by such council , but does not require consultation. However, Richard Mdakane, an ANC MP who chairs the parliamentary committee on traditional matters, said villagers should have more say.  We are amending many clauses that were there just to make sure that the bill allows community participation in these processes,  he said. Some in the ANC are seeking to go further by ending the chief s role as custodians of land now regarded as communal by giving villagers title deeds to the land they plough. ANC Treasurer Secretary Zweli Mkhize - seen as a contender to replace Zuma as party chief at a December conference where policy positions will also be adopted - told Reuters:  We are discussing this issue. There is a huge discussion about what kind of land tenure we need in the former homelands.    Tribal power is already ebbing in places such as Mogalakwena. Villagers there have agreed a new trust structure with four trustees: one from Amplats, one independent, and the other two from the royal Mapela clan, to replace a structure dominated by the tribal council. Former chief Kgabagare Langa, who has been ousted in a dispute, said he is challenging his removal in court. The new chief, or Kgoshi, Hans Langa, said he could not comment on the restructuring as his lawyers were working on it. Residents say they have received positive signals from the new chief s camp and Amplats  Griffith said the company was just waiting for him to settle in.  It s clear the new Kgoshi will want to see peace in Mapela,  said Jonathon Manamela, 53, treasurer of the Mapela Executive Committee, a community group involved in the talks.  Our culture believes you are a king because of the people.  ($1 = 13.5818 rand) ",1
18058,Five suspected al Qaeda militants killed in Yemen by drone strike,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Five suspected al Qaeda militants were killed by a drone strike in Yemen s Marib province early on Sunday, residents said. The men were hit while traveling in a car in Raghwan district, residents said, adding that their bodies were charred beyond recognition.  There was no immediate statement from the militant group or from U.S. forces who have repeatedly launched drone and air strikes against Yemen s al Qaeda branch, known as Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). The group has taken advantage of a more than two-year-old civil war between the Iran-aligned Houthi group and President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi s Saudi-backed government to strengthen its position in the impoverished country. AQAP operates in several provinces in south and eastern Yemen, including in Abyan, Shabwa and al-Bayda. ",1
18059,New U.S. helicopters mark major change for Afghan air force,"KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Senior Afghan and American officials welcomed the arrival of new U.S.-made military helicopters on Saturday, beginning a process that will radically transform the young Afghan air force. While the plan for new UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters has been in the works for some time, it forms a major part of the U.S.-led military coalition s training efforts, which were expanded under proposals approved by President Donald Trump in August.  It s a modernization of their program that will allow them to project power throughout Afghanistan,  said Lieutenant Colonel Trent Alexander, a U.S. military adviser to the Afghan air force.  While transitioning to the Black Hawk will not be a quick task, it will not be a difficult task.  At a ceremony at Kandahar Airfield in southern Afghanistan, Afghan President Ashraf Ghani formally accepted the first new helicopters, calling it a  historic day  that would allow the air force to better respond to the demands on the security forces. The Russian-designed Mi-17 helicopters that currently form the backbone of the Afghan air force worked well for crews used to Russian equipment, but deteriorating relations between Moscow and Washington meant that the Americans were unable to provide new parts and aircraft to replace the overworked aircraft.  The Mi-17 was a great aircraft and it brought the Afghans the ability to be capable, however, with the introduction of the UH-60 they are now sustainable,  Alexander said. By 2024 the U.S. plans to provide the Afghans with at least 159 Black Hawks, including 58 fitted with extra rocket pods and machine guns to provide close air support, a fleet that will dwarf the fewer than 40 Mi-17s currently operational. The Black Hawks will cost the American government almost $8 million a piece, officials said, after a process that completely refurbishes and upgrades U.S. Army surplus aircraft. So far only two training Black Hawks have arrived, with the delivery of several additional helicopters delayed by the U.S. military s humanitarian response to hurricanes in the Caribbean.  Retraining an Afghan pilot to fly the Black Hawk takes about five to six months, said Alexander. Members of the first class of six pilots said they were excited over what they view as more modern helicopters.  Black Hawks are manoeuverable because they are smaller than the Mi-17, so will be more capable during fighting, carrying soldiers, or cargo,  said one pilot, Zabihullah Dorandish. The Afghan pilots are expected to begin flying their own missions in the Black Hawks by early next year, officials said. A Twitter feed attributed to Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid warned that the aircraft would do nothing to change the war. U.S. and Afghan leaders  should remember that our fight is not based on technology but is an ideologically motivated fight , he said in one Twitter post.    ",1
18060,Syrian army encircles IS in al-Mayadin: Syrian military source,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria s army and its allies have encircled Islamic State in the city of al-Mayadin, southeast of Deir al-Zor, in eastern Syria, a Syrian military source said on Sunday.  Al-Mayadin is one of the last strongholds of Islamic State as it falls back upon the fertile area downstream of Deir al-Zor in the Euphrates valley and launches counter attacks in the central desert after losing swathes of territory this year.   Units of our armed forces with the allied forces continue their advance on a number of fronts and axes in Deir al-Zor and its countryside... and encircle Daesh terrorists in the city of al-Mayadin,  the military source said. The army and its allies reached Deir al-Zor in September after a months-long offensive across the Syria desert, and have in recent weeks pushed down the Euphrates towards al-Mayadin.  However, counter attacks by Islamic State in the central desert region have put pressure on the main supply road to Deir al-Zor from western Syria.  Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is backed in the war by Russia, Iran and Shi ite militias including Lebanon s Hezbollah, and its campaign against Islamic State has mostly been on the west bank of the river.  A U.S.-led coalition is also supporting a rival campaign against the jihadists, mostly on the east bank, where it is close to recapturing Raqqa, and has also advanced downstream to hold areas opposite Deir al-Zor.  U.S. officials have previously said that Islamic State had relocated some of its diminished command and propaganda structures to al-Mayadin as it was forced from territory elsewhere. ",1
18061,Debris and dust: Raqqa 'sacrificed' to defeat Islamic State,"RAQQA, Syria (Reuters) - The ancient mud brick walls circling Raqqa s deserted old city are almost the only structure still intact. Inside, shops and homes spill crumbling concrete onto either side of the narrow roads, block after block. Fighting between U.S.-backed militias and Islamic State in the jihadist group s former Syria stronghold has peppered mosques and minarets with machine-gun fire while air strikes flattened houses. No building is untouched.  The old clock tower could be heard from outside the walls once. It s damaged now. It s silent,  Mohammed Hawi, an Arab fighter from Raqqa, said at a nearby home occupied by the Syrian Democratic Forces alliance (SDF). Raqqa, where Islamic State plotted attacks abroad during its three-year rule, is almost captured in a months-old offensive backed by U.S. air cover and special forces. But driving militants out has caused destruction that officials say will take years and cost millions of dollars to repair. The nascent Raqqa Civil Council, set up to rebuild and govern Raqqa, faces a huge task. It says aid from countries in the U.S.-led coalition fighting IS is so far insufficient. Raqqa s uncertain political future, as it comes under the sway of Kurdish-led forces which neighbor Turkey opposes, and is still coveted by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, is partly what has made coalition countries hesitate, diplomats say. But failure to quickly return services to the city that was once home to more than 200,000 people, mostly now displaced, risks unrest, they warn.  Infrastructure is completely destroyed, water, electricity networks, bridges. There s not a single service functioning,  said Ibrahim Hassan, who oversees reconstruction for the Raqqa council at its headquarters in nearby Ain Issa.  We gave our city as a sacrifice for the sake of defeating terrorism. It s the world s duty to help us,  he said. A major bridge leading into eastern Raqqa lies collapsed after a coalition air strike. Beyond it, damaged water towers and the skeletons of teetering residential blocks dot the skyline. Awnings hung by militants to hide their movements flap in the wind. Senior council member Omar Alloush estimated at least half the city is completely destroyed.  There are also bodies under rubble, of civilians and terrorists. These need reburying to avoid disease outbreaks,  he said. Amnesty International has said the U.S.-led campaign, including air strikes, has killed hundreds of civilians trapped in Raqqa. Residents have reported civilian deaths, but it is difficult to establish how many people have died. The coalition says it does all it can to avoid civilian casualties. But the city is densely built up and militants firing from homes are often targeted by air raids. Council officials said with the battle still raging in a small, encircled area of the city center and countless explosives rigged by militants in areas they abandoned, reconstruction has not yet begun.  The focus is on emergency aid, food and water, de-mining,  Hassan said. The council wants to get services up and running as soon as possible, but has limited capacity and is staffed by volunteers. At its headquarters the offices of several departments consist of a single desk in a shared room.  Support from the international community has improved and we feel less isolated, but it s been modest,  Hassan said. The United States delivered several bulldozers and other vehicles to the council to clear debris recently, the Raqqa council said, out of a total of 56 due to arrive.  Even 700 wouldn t be enough,  Alloush said. Raqqa council volunteers have said they told the coalition it will take 5.3 billion Syrian lira (about $10 million) a year to restore power and water supplies, roads and schools. It is feared delays could reignite unrest.  Groups that took over Raqqa in 2013 didn t run it well,  a Western diplomat in the region said, referring to Syrian insurgents who seized the city from Assad s forces earlier in the six-year-old civil war, before IS arrived.  That s partly what allowed Daesh (IS) to take over. If there s a gap in humanitarian assistance and no effective local governance structure, the risk of future violence increases.  The council said coalition countries were reluctant to aid the Raqqa council, made up of local engineers, teachers and doctors.  We ve suffered from bureaucracy in the decision making process for foreign aid,  Hassan said. Some coalition countries were concerned about relations with NATO member Turkey over support for a governing body perceived to be allied to Kurdish militia, the diplomat said. The SDF, which for now controls much of Raqqa, is spearheaded by the Kurdish YPG militia, a foe of Ankara which is fighting its own Kurdish insurgency. Turkey opposes the YPG s role in capturing Raqqa. Council officials say Raqqa will be governed independently of a self-run administration for northeast Syria that is dominated by Kurds, but is expected to have close relations with it. The extent of those relations is to be decided by elected officials once elections can be held. A second diplomat in the region said reluctance to aid the council was partly over concerns whether it properly represented the ethnic make-up of mostly Arab Raqqa, seeing tension if local Arabs were sidelined. Several prominent council members are Kurdish. There is also uncertainty over whether Raqqa will remain allied to the self-run parts of northern Syria, or if it would fall back to Assad in future upheaval. Assad has sworn to retake the entire country. For now, with Turkey s borders closed to SDF-controlled areas, aid to Raqqa comes a longer route through Iraq s Kurdish region. Raqqa council says it may have to be self-sufficient.  We re waiting for help to repair the east bridge,  co-president Leila Mustafa, a civil engineer, said.  If it doesn t arrive soon, we ll begin ourselves, using any means we have.  ",1
18062,Chinese watchdog says 1.34 million officials punished for graft since 2013,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s anti-graft watchdog said roughly 1.34 million lower-ranking officials have been punished since 2013 under President Xi Jinping s anti-corruption drive. Xi, who is preparing for a major Communist Party leadership conference later this month, has made an anti-graft campaign targeting  tigers and flies , both high and low ranking officials, a core policy priority during his five-year term. China is preparing for the 19th Congress later this month, a twice-a-decade leadership event where Xi is expected to consolidate power and promote his policy positions.  Those punished for graft since 2013 include 648,000 village-level officials and most crimes were related to small scale corruption, said the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) on Sunday. While much of the country s anti-graft drive has targeted lower ranking village and county officials, several high-ranking figures have been taken down. In August the head of the anti-graft committee for China s Ministry of Finance was himself put under investigation for suspected graft. In September a senior military officer who sits on China s powerful Central Military Commission, overseen by Xi, was detained and questioned over corruption-related offenses, Reuters reported. The CCDI said 155,000 country-level party bureaux have set up corruption policing mechanisms as of August, representing 94.8 percent of total bureaus.  ",1
18063,New Zealand parties hold talks to form coalition government,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand s small nationalist party which holds the balance of power after an inconclusive election held talks on Sunday with Prime Minister Bill English and separately with the opposition Labour leader as both try to form a coalition government. New Zealand First leader Winston Peters has said he would only make a decision on which party to back after the results of the Sept. 23 election become official next Thursday. Peters remained tight-lipped after talks with the prime minister, saying the meeting was  fine , and later met Labour Party leader Jacinda Ardern.  I can say that we ve had an excellent, productive meeting,      Ardern told reporters after coming out of the two-hour meeting.  Negotiations will continue for Labour with the parties that we are looking to form a stable, durable, coalition government with.  Ardern has brought Labour within reach of forming government since becoming party leader in August, with a Labour-Green bloc winning 54 seats, two seats short of the ruling National s 56. New Zealand First holds the nine seats needed to meet the 61 seat majority in parliament. A final vote count on Saturday showed National lost some ground to the Labour-Green bloc from a preliminary tally, even though it still held the largest number of seats in parliament.  It did pay to wait, didn t it?,  Peters said, referring to the final vote count. Peters has previously served in both National and Labour governments. English said on Saturday that negotiations would now likely focus on the economy. Both Labour and New Zealand First have said they want to curb immigration, renegotiate certain trade deals and adjust the role of the central bank albeit in different ways. Analysts expected the political uncertainty to have little impact on financial markets and the New Zealand dollar.  I think on Monday the market is going to be a little bit subdued because basically nothing has changed,  said Stuart Ive, private client manager at OM Financial.  You could say that the policies are probably more aligned to a Labour-Green-NZ First partnership but a three-way coalition is a lot harder to manage than a two-way coalition.   ",1
18064,Indigenous woman registers to run for Mexican presidency in 2018,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - An indigenous woman backed by Mexico s rebel Zapatista movement registered on Saturday to run as an independent candidate in next year s presidential election, adding to a growing list of hopefuls bucking established political parties.    Maria de Jesus Patricio Martinez is the spokeswoman for the National Indigenous Congress, the political arm of the Zapatista National Liberation Army (EZLN), and in May was picked to be the group s 2018 presidential candidate. Local media reported that after Patricio Martinez registered with the National Electoral Institute (INE), she pledged not to accept any funding from the government to run her campaign.  Mexico s major political parties have struggled to gain support in recent years, and voter surveys show all presidential hopefuls struggling to win support from as much as a third of the electorate. The front-runner in most polls is former Mexico City mayor and two-time presidential runner-up Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, a leftist with nationalistic leanings. The ruling centrist Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) of President Enrique Pena Nieto, who is barred by law from seeking a second term, has yet to pick a candidate. Already, more than 10 first-time independent candidates have registered to run. Three of those contenders failed to meet initial requirements, according to the INE. Also on Saturday, maverick Nuevo Leon Governor Jaime Rodriguez, a former PRI member, expressed his interest to register his own independent run for the presidency. Last week, Armando Rios Piter, an independent former member of the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), formally registered his candidacy, further crowding the pool of anti-establishment candidates. Independent presidential aspirants have four months to gather 866,593 signatures, representing 1 percent of the electorate, in at least 17 regions of Mexico to qualify as an independent candidate ahead of the July 2018 vote. Patricio Martinez, a traditional healer and native Nahua speaker, is originally from the central Mexican state of Jalisco. Her support from the Zapatistas marks a more visible turn for the insurgent movement, which has faded in recent years. Just after the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) went into force in 1994, the EZLN led armed indigenous insurgents in a  declaration of war  against the government in southern Chiapas state. A 12-day battle with the Army claimed at least 140 lives and become an early symbol for supporters of the anti-globalization movement. ",1
18065,Trump says giving peace a chance before U.S. embassy move to Jerusalem: interview,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said in an interview broadcast on Saturday that he wanted to give a shot at achieving peace between Israel and the Palestinians before moving the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. In June Trump signed a temporary order to keep the U.S. embassy in Tel Aviv, despite a campaign promise he made to move it to Jerusalem. In an interview with former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee on the TBN program  Huckabee,  Trump noted his administration was working on a plan for peace between the two sides.  I want to give that a shot before I even think about moving the embassy to Jerusalem,  he said.  If we can make peace between the Palestinians and Israel, I think it ll lead to ultimately peace in the Middle East, which has to happen,  he said. Asked if there was a timeframe for the embassy move, Trump said:  We re going to make a decision in the not too distant future.       ",1
18066,Zimbabwe's Mugabe says may make cabinet changes next week,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s President Robert Mugabe said on Saturday he may make changes to his cabinet next week, at a time of rising tensions within his ruling party over who will eventually takeover from him. Mugabe told a meeting of the ruling ZANU-PF youth wing in Harare that it was time to review the performance of his cabinet ministers.  The last cabinet reshuffle was in September 2015 when Mugabe was removing allies of his former deputy Joice Mujuru, whom he fired in December 2014 over accusations that she was plotting to topple him. She denied the allegations.  Next week there might be some changes in government. Should we remain with the same team or we make changes or even discard some. So that exercise I will be doing it and early next week you will get the results,  Mugabe told a meeting of his ZANU-PF youth wing. Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, a frontrunner to take over from Mugabe, said on Thursday he had been poisoned in August when he fell ill and was airlifted to South Africa, which earned him a public rebuke from First Lady Grace Mugabe. ZANU-PF is divided into two camps, one supporting Mnangagwa to succeed Mugabe and another rallying behind Grace. Mugabe also castigated his senior party officials for fighting in public, saying this would weaken ZANU-PF and embolden the opposition ahead of elections next year.  And the public insults, its a shame. A shame even to our legend because our party was not built on that basis. A party which has learnt that if we are divided then we become the food of vultures outside,  Mugabe said. ",1
18067,"Armed faction takes over protection of Libyan oil and gas complex, fresh concern over migrants","SABRATHA, Libya (Reuters) - An armed alliance involved in a three-week battle over the Libyan smuggling hub of Sabratha said on Saturday it had taken over protection of the Mellitah oil and gas terminal after expelling a rival group. An organization called the Operations Room and its allies have been fighting the Anas al-Dabbashi brigade, a major facilitator of migrant smuggling that recently said it had changed tack and struck a deal with the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli to stop boats setting off across the Mediterranean. The fighting killed 17 and wounded 164, Omar Abduljaleel, commander of the Operations Room, told reporters in Sabratha, a town west of the capital Tripoli. The Dabbashi brigade had been guarding the facility west of Sabratha since 2015. It is run jointly by Libya s National Oil Corporation (NOC) and Italian firm Eni. The setback for the Dabbashi brigade creates new uncertainty over the control of migrant flows from Libya.       Since a 2016 deal between the EU and Turkey to block crossings in the Aegean, Libya has been the gateway for the vast majority of migrants trying to reach Europe by boat, and the area around Sabratha has been the most common departure point. From July, the number of crossings dropped sharply, a change attributed to increased activity by Libya s EU-trained coastguard and to the Dabbashi brigade blocking departures in return for offers of amnesty and jobs in the security forces. Asked whether the Operations Room would stop illegal migration, Abduljaleel said:  God willing we will work on illegal migration after the biggest smuggler has been eliminated.  The Dabbashi brigade has confirmed the retreat from Sabratha, where the Operations Room took reporters on a tour. Several houses in the main street had been hit by rockets or were burned out but otherwise the city was calm. Both the Dabbashi brigade and the Operations Room, which was created last year to force Islamic State from Sabratha, have links to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord (GNA). Italian officials have visited Sabratha as part of efforts to block migrant flows from there. ",1
18068,Spain's PM says may use constitution to block Catalan independence,"MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said on Saturday he would not rule out using the constitutional powers to remove Catalonia s autonomous status if it claimed independence as tens of thousands took to the streets to call for talks. The wealthy northeastern region of Catalonia, with its own language and culture, held a referendum on Oct. 1 on independence, in defiance of the Spanish constitutional court which had ruled the vote illegal. Until now, Rajoy has remained vague on whether he would use article 155, the so-called nuclear option, of the constitution which enables him to sack the regional government and call a fresh local election.  In an interview with Spanish newspaper El Pais on Saturday Rajoy was asked if he was ready to trigger the article 155 of the constitution, and said:  I don t rule out absolutely anything that is within the law ... Ideally, it shouldn t be necessary to implement extreme solutions but for that not to happen things would have to be changed.  Tens of thousands of people gathered across Spain earlier on Saturday as Catalonia prepared to declare independence from the rest of the country, many dressed in white and calling for talks to defuse Spain s worst political crisis for decades. The Catalan authorities say around 90 percent of those who voted supported a split from Spain. Madrid says secession is illegal under the Spain s 1978 constitution. Residents of Catalonia who oppose secession largely boycotted the vote. The crisis is a political test for Rajoy, who has been uncompromising. Some 900 people were injured during the vote when police tried to disrupt voting, firing rubber bullets and charging crowds with truncheons. The political stand-off has divided the country, pushed banks and companies to move their headquarters outside Catalonia and shaken market confidence in the Spanish economy, prompting calls from the European Commission for Catalan and Spanish leaders to find a political solution.  I hope that the Catalonia that makes pacts, is moderate and for many years contributed to Spain s economic growth and improvement in welfare and wealth returns. It can t be in the hands of extremists, the radicals and the (far-left secessionist party) CUP,  he said.  However, Rajoy ruled out using mediators to resolve the crisis and also said the issue would not force a snap national election.   In peaceful protests called across 50 Spanish cities on Saturday morning, thousands gathered dressed in white and carrying banners calling for peace and dialogue between leaders. In Barcelona, protesters chanted  let s talk  in Catalan, while many carried signs criticizing political leaders for not finding a diplomatic solution to the impasse.      This is producing a social rupture in Catalonia and this has to be resolved through dialogue, never via unilateralism,  Jose Manuel Garcia, 61, an economist who attended the protest dressed in white said.  I m very worried. This will end badly and everyone will lose (without dialogue).  While Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont has said he is open to mediation, Rajoy has demanded he give up the independence campaign before discussions can be held. In Madrid thousands gathered beneath the enormous Spanish flag in Colon Plaza waving their own flags, singing and chanting  Viva Espa a  and  Viva Catalonia .     I ve come because I feel very Spanish and makes me very sad what s happened,  said Rosa Borras, 47, an unemployed secretary who had joined a noisy gathering in central Madrid. Borras, wearing a  Catalonia, we love you  sticker and surrounded by thousands waving Spanish flags, added:  I wanted to be here for unity, because I also feel very Catalan. My family lives in Catalonia.    Rajoy s government mobilized thousands of national police to stop Sunday s vote, leading to clashes with would-be voters as they tried to close polling stations in schools and remove ballot boxes. In the El Pais interview, Rajoy said the around 4,000 extra police shipped in to the region would stay until the conflict had been resolved. The police violence drew widespread condemnation and forced the government to issue an apology on Friday, although tensions continued to rise after reports of plans for the Catalan parliament to vote on a unilateral declaration of independence on Tuesday. The crisis has also caused disquiet among Spain s European Union partners, and German Chancellor Angela Merkel has discussed it with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, an EU official told Reuters. [L8N1MI08F] Concern is growing in EU capitals about the impact of the crisis on the Spanish economy, the fourth largest in the euro zone, and on possible spillovers to other economies. European finance ministers, gathering in Brussels on Monday and Tuesday for a regular meeting, could discuss the issue, although it is not formally on the agenda, EU officials said. The support given in public statements by EU leaders to Rajoy is combined with concern expressed in private about how the Spanish government s use of police to prevent Catalans from voting last week in the independence referendum could backfire. Some EU states are worried that talk of Catalan independence could fuel secessionist feelings in other parts of Europe. ",1
18069,"Eleven injured in car crash near London museum, terrorism ruled out","LONDON (Reuters) - Eleven people were injured on Saturday when a car collided with pedestrians near London s Natural History Museum, in one of the capital s busiest tourist areas, but police doused concerns it was a terrorist attack, saying it was a road traffic incident.  Police said it was believed the car had mounted the pavement outside the popular attraction in west London and collided with a number of pedestrians.  Officers had arrested a man aged in his 40s at the scene and he was now being questioned on suspicion of dangerous driving after being taken to hospital for treatment. Britain has suffered five attacks blamed on terrorism so far this year, three of which involved vehicles, and the incident in an area packed with tourists at the weekend had prompted concerns that the collision had been a deliberate act.  The incident is entirely a road traffic investigation and is not a terrorist-related incident,  a police statement said.  London s ambulance service said they had treated 11 people, mostly for head and leg injuries, with nine taken to hospital. Police said none of the injuries were life-threatening or life-changing and the majority of those hospitalized had now been discharged. Unverified footage from the scene showed a man being pinned to the ground near a crashed black Toyota car. Oliver Cheshire, a model who is the fianc  of British pop singer Pixie Lott, told the Daily Mail newspaper he was one of those who had helped detain the man. He said three female passengers in the car told him it was a private-hire taxi.  He was driving down the pavement and hit 11 to 12 people. Then the guy was screaming,  he told the paper.  He looked at me and I was really in shock. I got out of my car and grabbed him   three of us grabbed him   and someone phoned the police.  Cheshire later wrote on Twitter:  Thanks for messaging everybody. I m ok. Thank you to the men who helped me pin him down and the police for coming so quickly.  Neither police nor Transport for London, which runs most of the city s transport system, would comment on the status of the vehicle.  My thanks to the first responders at this incident this afternoon and the actions of members of the public. My thoughts are with the injured,  Prime Minister Theresa May said on Twitter. Britain is on its second highest security alert level, meaning an attack by militants is considered highly likely.  In March, a man drove a car into pedestrians on London s Westminster Bridge killing four before stabbing a police officer to death in the grounds of parliament. Three Islamist militants drove into people on London Bridge in June before stabbing people at nearby restaurants and bars, killing eight. The same month, a van was driven into worshippers near a mosque in north London which left one man dead. ",1
18070,"Turkey backs Syrian rebels for ""serious operation"" in Idlib","ANKARA/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian rebel fighters are launching a major military operation backed by Turkish forces into a northwestern area of Syria largely controlled by jihadists, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Saturday. Rebels said they were preparing to start the operation soon in Idlib province and surrounding areas, which represent Syria s most populous rebel-held area, and residents reported Turkish authorities removing sections of a border wall. The incursion is being carried out after Iran and Russia, which back President Bashar al-Assad, and Turkey, which supports the rebels, agreed last month to reduce fighting between insurgents and the government in the northwest.  It seems aimed at curbing the Tahrir al-Sham alliance, Syria s strongest jihadist group apart from Islamic State, and at securing Turkey s frontier.       There s a serious operation in Syria s Idlib today and it will continue,  Erdogan said in a speech to his AK Party, adding that Turkey would not allow a  terror corridor  on its border with Syria.  For now the Free Syrian Army is carrying out the operation there,  Erdogan said.  Russia is supporting the operation from the air, and our armed forces from inside Turkey s borders,  he added. Late on Saturday, Turkey deployed tanks and military vehicles on the its Syrian border, building up military presence, a Reuters witness said. Mustafa Sejari, a senior official in the Liwa al-Mutasem Syrian insurgent group taking part in the operation, said Russia would not be backing the rebels in the campaign.  As for the Russians, they will not have a role in the areas of our control at all. The role of the Russians is limited to areas under regime control,  he said.         Ankara, Moscow and Tehran announced a deal last month to establish and patrol a  de-escalation  zone in the Idlib region, where Erdogan has said Turkey will deploy troops.  Turkey s foreign minister said late on Saturday that Turkey aimed to prevent clashes in Idlib.  Russian and Iranian observers will be in some regions here, and we will have our observers inside Idlib. Of course they will be in safe places so there will be no risks,  Mevlut Cavusoglu told reporters. Tahrir al-Sham is spearheaded by the former Nusra Front, which was al Qaeda s Syrian branch until last year, when it changed its name and broke formal allegiance to the global movement founded by Osama bin Laden.  It has been a formidable military force since early in the war, when it transitioned from bomb attacks in cities to guerrilla conflict with the Syrian army, fighting alongside many other factions.  Since early this year, it has battled other rebel groups in Idlib and other parts of Syria, while the government has mostly focused on the war against Islamic State in the east.  In July Tahrir al-Sham seized land around the Bab al-Hawa border crossing between Syria and Turkey, bringing much of the frontier area inside Syrian under its control.  Tahrir al-Sham is well entrenched in the border area in Idlib and maintains a big military presence in nearby towns, a local rebel and a resident of a town near Bab al-Hawa said. In a statement posted on social media, the jihadist alliance accused the Turkey-backed factions of working with Russia and described them as traitors, but did not mention Turkey.  It said in the statement that Idlib would  not be a picnic  for them and added  the lions of jihad and martyrdom are waiting to pounce .  Pentagon said the United States was not currently participating in these operations , but backed Turkey s efforts to fight terrorism, reminding that the U.S. stance on Tahrir al-Sham, remains unchanged.  We support our NATO ally Turkey s efforts to secure its borders, fight terrorism, and prevent safe havens for terrorist organizations,  Eric Pahon, a Pentagon spokesman, said. Residents near the Bab al-Hawa border crossing with Turkey in Syria sent Reuters photographs of what they said was a section of the frontier wall being removed by the Turkish authorities.     Tahrir al-Sham was also involved in fighting on the southern edge of the rebels  northwestern stronghold this week, battling the army north of Hama.  Air raids on insurgent-held towns in that area in recent days were intense, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a Britain-based war monitor, reported.  Turkey has been one of the biggest supporters of rebels fighting Assad during the six-and-a-half year war, but its focus has evolved from ousting him to securing its border.  A year ago it backed Syrian rebels east of Idlib in an incursion known as Euphrates Shield to drive Islamic State and Kurdish groups from its border, sending troops and armor into Syria. Syrian rebel officials from factions which have fought alongside Turkey in Euphrates Shield said they were preparing to enter the area with the backing of Turkish forces.   The Free Syrian Army, with support from Turkish troops, is in full readiness to enter the area but until this moment there is no movement,  said Sejari, the Liwa al-Mutasem official.  Another FSA rebel told Reuters he believed an incursion into northwest Syria was imminent.  We expect that the large-scale operation that has been prepared will be launched perhaps within the next 24 hours,  the rebel said.  The Hamza Brigade, also part of Euphrates Shield, posted a video online of what it said was a convoy of its forces heading for Idlib.  Idlib s population has ballooned to at least two million as thousands of civilians and combatants have left areas in other parts of the country seized by the Syrian army with the help of Russian jets and Iran-backed militias. The resident of the town near Bab al-Hawa border crossing said people were worried that fighting would take a big civilian toll because of the increased population there.   One bullet kills three,  the resident said.  Asked how far Turkey might go in deploying troops inside Syria, Erdogan declined to give details.  When you enter a boxing match, you don t count how many punches you throw,  he said. ",1
18071,Spain's PM says could use constitutional powers to stop Catalan independence,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government could use constitutional powers to suspend Catalonia s autonomy and prevent the region from splitting from Spain, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said in an interview to newspaper El Pais published late on Saturday. Asked if he was ready to trigger the article 155 of the constitution, which enables him to sack the regional government and call a fresh local election, Rajoy answered:  I don t rule out absolutely anything that is within the law ... Ideally, it shouldn t be necessary to implement extreme solutions but for that not to happen things would have to be changed.  Rajoy also said he planned to leave in Catalonia the extra 4,000 police officers the government had shipped in to region for an independence vote on Oct. 1 until the crisis was over.  The conservative prime minister added he would not call a snap national election as a result of the political crisis and  ruled out using mediation to resolve it. ",1
18072,Turkey's aim in Syria's Idlib operation is to prevent clashes completely: minister,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s aim in backing Syrian rebel fighters for a major military operation into Syria s Idlib is to prevent clashes completely and facilitate the process for a political solution, Turkish foreign minister was quoted by the CNN Turk news channel as saying. Turkish foreign minister Mevlut Cavusoglu also told reporters that the steps to be taken in the field would be determined by cooperation between Turkish Armed Forces and its intelligence service.  ",1
18073,Gunman attacks Saudi security forces at gate of Jeddah royal palace,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Two Saudi guards were shot dead and three others injured on Saturday morning when a man drove up to the gate of the royal palace in Jeddah and began shooting, the interior ministry said in a statement carried by state news. Royal Guards killed the gunman, who was identified in the statement as Mansour al-Amri, a 28-year-old Saudi national. The attack occurred at a checkpoint outside the western gate to the Peace Palace in Jeddah, where the royal family conducts official business during the summer months. Saudi King Salman is currently outside the kingdom on a state visit to Russia. The statement did not elaborate on the whereabouts of his son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, although recent state news reports have placed him in Jeddah. Security forces seized Kalashnikov rifles and petrol bombs that had been in Amri s possession. Amri did not have a criminal record or any known connection to extremist groups, said Interior Ministry spokesman Mansour al-Turki, speaking by phone to al-Arabiya television. An investigation was underway to determine his motive for the attack, said Turki. ",1
18074,Trump to unveil new responses to Iranian 'bad behavior': White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will announce new U.S. responses to Iran s missile tests, support for  terrorism  and cyber operations as part of his new Iran strategy, the White House said on Friday.  The president isn t looking at one piece of this. He s looking at all of the bad behavior of Iran,  Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, told reporters.  Not just the nuclear deal as bad behavior, but the ballistic missile testing, destabilizing of the region, Number One state sponsor of terrorism, cyber attacks, illicit nuclear program,  Sanders continued. Trump  wants to look for a broad strategy that addresses all of those problems, not just one-offing those,  she said.  That s what his team is focused on and that s what he ll be rolling out to address that as a whole in the coming days.  A senior administration official told Reuters on Thursday that Trump was expected to announce he will decertify the landmark international deal curbing Iran s nuclear program, in a step that could cause the accord to unravel. Trump on Friday declined to explain what he meant when he described a gathering of military leaders the evening before as  the calm before the storm,  but the White House said his remarks were not meant to be mischievous. The administration was considering Oct. 12 for Trump to give a speech on Iran, but no final decision had been made, an official said previously. It was not clear to what illicit nuclear program Sanders was referring as the International Atomic Energy Agency says Iran is complying with the 2015 nuclear deal reached with the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France, Germany and the European Union. The Trump administration also has acknowledged that Iran has not breached the accord s Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or JCPOA, which is designed to prevent Iran developing a nuclear weapon. The administration, however, contends that Tehran has violated the  spirit  of the deal. The issue came up during a telephone call on Friday between Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron. The pair discussed  ways to continue working together to deny Iran all paths to a nuclear weapon,  according to a White House statement. Macron has been a fierce defender of the JCPOA, denounced by Trump as  the worst deal ever negotiated.  But the French leader also has suggested that restraints on Iran s nuclear program that expire in 2025 could be bolstered, a senior French official said last month. A senior U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said on Friday that steps Trump is reviewing as part of a broader strategy also include imposing targeted sanctions in response to Iran s ballistic missile tests, cyber espionage and backing of Lebanese Hezbollah and other groups on the U.S. list of foreign terrorist organizations. The administration earlier this year considered, but then put on hold, adding the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, Iran s most powerful internal and external security force, to the U.S. list of foreign terrorist organizations. The Quds Force, the IRGC s foreign espionage and paramilitary wing, and individuals and entities associated with the IRGC are on the list, but the organization as a whole is not.  Last month, current and former U.S. officials told Reuters the broader strategy Trump is weighing is expected to allow more aggressive U.S. actions to counter what the administration views as Iran s efforts to boost its military muscle and expand its regional influence through proxy forces. Under a 2015 U.S. law, Trump has until Oct. 15 to certify to Congress that Iran is complying with the JCPOA. If he decides to decertify, lawmakers would have 60 days in which to consider reimposing U.S. sanctions on Iran lifted under the deal, an action that many experts warn could unhinge the accord. Knowledgeable sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, have said the administration is looking for ways to fix what it views as serious flaws without necessarily killing the deal. Critics say the flaws include the so-called sunset clauses, under which some of the restrictions on Iran s nuclear program expire over time. Trump s national security adviser, General H.R. McMaster, met with Republican and Democratic lawmakers on Wednesday in an effort to win their support for the strategy. ",1
18075,"Iranian president defends nuclear deal, says Trump can not undermine it","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani defended the nuclear deal with Western powers Saturday and said that U.S. President Donald Trump could not undermine it. Under the 2015 deal, Iran agreed to limit its disputed nuclear program in return for the easing of economic sanctions. However, Trump is expected to announce soon that he will decertify the deal, a senior administration official has said, in a step that potentially could cause the accord to unravel.  In the nuclear negotiations and agreement we reached issues and benefits that are not reversible. No one can turn that back, not Mr. Trump or anyone else,  Rouhani said at a ceremony at Tehran University marking the start of the university academic year, according to state media.   Even if 10 other Trumps are created in the world, these are not reversible.  Trump, who has called the pact an  embarrassment  and  the worst deal ever negotiated , has been weighing whether the deal serves U.S. security interests as he faces the Oct. 15 deadline for certifying that Iran is complying with its terms.     The prospect of Washington reneging on the deal has worried some of the U.S. allies that helped negotiate it, especially as the world grapples with another nuclear crisis, North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missile development. If Trump does not certify that Iran is in compliance, the U.S. Congress will have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the deal. U.N. inspectors have verified Iranian compliance with the terms. Rouhani said Saturday that if the United States violated the deal then it would hurt its own reputation in the international community.  If America carries out any violations today, the whole world will condemn America. They will not condemn Iran,  Rouhani said, according to state media.  Then they will say why did you trust America and sign an agreement with them?  Separately, former Iranian president Mohammad Khatami has been forbidden from attending  public political, cultural and promotional ceremonies , for a period of three months, two of his lawyers told the Iranian Labour News Agency (ILNA) on Saturday. Khatami has long been a lightning rod of criticism for hardliners who accuse him of fomenting unrest in the protests that followed the disputed election of president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in 2009. Local media are forbidden from quoting Khatami in articles or publishing his image. The new restrictions were issued by Iranian security forces, Khatami s lawyers told ILNA, and there does not appear to be any judicial mechanism to dispute the restrictions. In the lead-up to the presidential election last May, Khatami posted a message online encouraging his supporters to vote for Rouhani. Rouhani made a reference to the new restrictions placed on Khatami during his speech Saturday but did not name him.  If anybody repeats that people should come to the ballot box, they should be punished?  he said, according to ILNA. Khatami s lawyers told ILNA that the restrictions began on the first day of the Iranian month of Mehr, which is Sept. 23.  ",1
18076,Woman arrested trying to scale gates of UK's Buckingham Palace,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police said they had arrested a woman who was trying to scale the front gates of Queen Elizabeth s Buckingham Palace home in central London on Saturday, saying the incident was not terrorism-related.  The woman, believed to be in her 30s was quickly detained by officers before she gained access to the palace grounds,  police said. She was arrested on suspicion of trespass and is being questioned at a central London police station.  The incident is not being treated as terrorist-related,  police said. British police are on high alert after five attacks blamed on terrorism this year. In August a man wielding a sword outside the palace was charged under terrorism laws. Three police officers suffered minor injuries detaining him. There have been a number of other incidents in recent years in which people have tried to get into the palace grounds. Last October, a 21-year-old man was arrested after scaling a gate of the palace. He was later detained under a hospital order.  In May 2016, a man with a conviction for murder climbed over the wall and walked for about 10 minutes around the grounds of the palace before being arrested. He was jailed for four months.  Four years ago, a man armed with a knife tried to enter through a gate and was later jailed for 16 months. A month earlier, two men were arrested following a break-in at the palace. One of the biggest security breaches at Buckingham Palace happened in 1982 when an intruder, Michael Fagan, climbed a wall and wandered into a room where the queen was in bed. ",1
18077,Conservative plotters told to get behind UK's May amid Brexit fears,"LONDON (Reuters) - Lawmakers in British Prime Minister Theresa May s Conservative Party who are trying to oust her as leader have been told to  shut up  by senior party members, including potential rival Boris Johnson, Britain s foreign minister. Others in the party warned that the uncertainty over May was damaging Brexit negotiations with the European Union. May on Friday said she would remain as leader after a   former Conservative chairman said he had garnered the support of 30 lawmakers who wanted her to quit. It followed a disastrous speech at the party s conference earlier this week, when a persistent cough left May barely able to deliver her message, and a snap election in June in which May lost her party s majority in parliament. Senior figures have rallied round May, but the open rebellion coincides with crucial talks with the European Union just 18 months before Britain is due to leave. Johnson, who is widely considered to be the most serious challenger for leadership of the Conservatives if May were to resign, called for unity, according to media reports.  We have just had an election and people are fed up with this malarkey,  newspapers quoted him as saying in a message to Conservative lawmakers.   Get behind the PM. Ordinary punters I have spoken to thought her speech was good and anyone can have a cold,  he said.  Circle the wagons, turn the fire on (opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy) Corbyn and talk about nothing except our great policies and what we can do for the country . EU partners are stepping up preparations for a collapse in Brexit negotiations due to fundamental divisions across Britain on what to ask for - even if few believe Britain would risk crashing out into legal limbo in March 2019.  In Brussels, officials are questioning whether May will survive even until a summit on Oct. 19, but diplomats said governments insisted they would not ease their demands to help her move on with talks on a post-Brexit transition. Few of her 27 EU counterparts see either hardline Brexiter rivals such as Johnson or the Labour opposition of Corbyn as any better able to rally the country behind their own visions for Brexit. Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson, a possible successor should May be forced out and who campaigned hard against Brexit last year, told the BBC the prime minister s critics should  put up, shut up and get off the stage .  I would tell my party to get its house in order, get together, knuckle down, and make sure that our first commitment, last commitment and only commitment is to the country,  she said.  Her message came after former party chairman Grant Shapps toured media studios calling for a leadership election. Shapps said 30 Conservative lawmakers backed his view, well short of the 48 needed to trigger a contest. Commentators said deep divisions in the party over the direction of Brexit meant the rebellion had lost momentum despite disquiet over May s performance as leader.  One Conservative lawmaker, Nigel Evans, said the  botched plot  appeared to have fizzled out within 24 hours but that it would play into the hands of EU s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier and EU Commission head Jean-Claude Juncker.  May s weakness is generating more concern than satisfaction in Brussels, however, since failing to reach a deal with London would disrupt economies on both sides of the English Channel. Barnier s team starts a new week of talks with British negotiators on Monday, though expectations are very low of a breakthrough that could prompt leaders to open the way in the following week for talks on a post-Brexit free trade deal   something London insists should be a priority for both sides. Underscoring a hard line among governments, including heavyweights such as Germany and France, that Britain must do more to settle immediate  divorce  issues, such as paying Brussels tens of billions of euros, before opening a new phase of talks, envoys told Barnier on Friday they opposed starting even a tentative exploration of transitional arrangements. Negotiators have suggested that, with time tight, it could be useful to explore some of the immediate problems that will come up on March 30, 2019, when Britain is out. However, leaders could still agree to let Barnier look at some transition issues, depending on next week s negotiating round, diplomats said. Adding to low expectations, however, the schedule for talks is thinner than previous rounds, with no public meeting planned at the start between Barnier and Brexit Secretary David Davis and no negotiations taking place at all on Wednesday. For now, European leaders can do little more than watch and speculate about May s ability to govern.  Who knows if we will still have an interlocutor at the summit,  one official said. ",1
18078,Legionaries of Christ hit by new scandal as priest fathers two,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - The Legionaries of Christ, a Catholic religious order which fell into disgrace after the discovery that its founder was a sexual abuser with a secret family, has been hit by fresh scandal with revelations that the head of its Rome seminary fathered two children. The order said in a statement late on Friday that Father Oscar Turrion would leave the priesthood. It also released a letter by Turrion in which he asks  forgiveness for the scandal ... forgiveness for my bad example and the negative witness I have given . The Legionaries is a conservative order of Roman Catholic priests. Turrion was rector of the Pontifical International College Maria Mater Ecclesiae, a seminary for men in the order studying for the priesthood in pontifical universities in Rome. The Legionaries said Turrion, a 49-year-old Spaniard, told his superiors in March that he had just had a daughter. A new rector was appointed and Turrion was ordered not to practice his ministry publicly. On Thursday Turrion acknowledged that he had previously had a son with the same woman several years ago, the order said. This meant he had a secret family while he was head of the seminary. In his letter, Turrion said he did not come clean earlier  out of weakness and shame  and that he had not used any of the seminary s money, supporting his family with donations from friends. He said he had  lost his grounding  and fell in love with a woman during the period of turmoil that hit the order when revelations about its founder, Rev. Marcial Maciel Degollado,   came to light between 2006 and 2014. Maciel founded the order in Mexico in 1941 and for decades the Vatican dismissed accusations by seminarians that he had abused them sexually, some when they were as young as 12. The order was run like a cult, former members said, with rules forbidding any criticism of the founder or questioning his motives. Maciel enjoyed the support of the late Pope John Paul and was spared official censure for years despite what critics say was overwhelming proof of his crimes. In 2006, a year after John Paul s death, a Vatican investigation concluded that the previously denied accusations of molestation were true. Pope Benedict ordered Maciel to retire to a life of  prayer and penitence . After Maciel s death in 2008, Vatican investigations found that he had also fathered several children with at least two women, visited them regularly and sent them money. He also used drugs. The Vatican appointed a commissioner to run the order and phase in a new leadership, rejecting suggestions from critics that it be suppressed. New constitutions for the order were approved in 2014 but the Vatican still has a special representative in its leadership. Turrion s case was very similar to that of Thomas Williams, a former Legionaries member who left the priesthood in 2013 after it was discovered that he had fathered a child with the daughter of the former U.S. ambassador to the Vatican. Williams, an American moral theologian, kept his family secret while continuing to teach at the Legionaries university in Rome, appearing often on U.S. television.   ",1
18079,Merkel pushes for three-way 'Jamaica' coalition in Germany,"DRESDEN, Germany (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel urged her conservatives on Saturday to forge a three-way alliance with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens, her most explicit backing yet for the so-called  Jamaica  coalition. Merkel, who won a fourth term in the Sept. 24 election but bled support to the far-right, needs to form a coalition. The  Jamaica  alliance, named for the black, yellow and green party colors which match Jamaica s flag, is her most likely path to a parliamentary majority. Merkel also said a special party meeting should be held to let members of her conservative Christian Democrats (CDU)  discuss and vote on any coalition deal. She told the youth wing of her party in Dresden that members should concentrate on talks that lie ahead, first within the conservative bloc between the CDU and its CSU sister party from the state of Bavaria, and then with the FDP and Greens. Aside from internal differences in the conservative camp, especially on migrant policy, the three blocs that would form the Jamaica coalition are at odds on energy and climate policy, tax and Europe. Yet in a marked shift, Merkel made clear there were no other realistic options. She closed the door on another tie-up with the Social Democrats (SPD), her coalition partners for the past four years, who have announced their intention to go into opposition after slumping to their worst post-war result.  It is clear that the Social Democrats are not capable of being in government on the national level in the foreseeable future, so I advise us all to waste no time thinking about that any more,  said Merkel. If Merkel is unable to form a  Jamaica  coalition, the prospects of a minority government or even new elections loom, an unpalatable scenario for investors who are already spooked by months of uncertainty ahead. Merkel s first task in building a coalition comes on Sunday when she meets the CSU to agree common positions, most notably on migrant policy, before starting exploratory talks with other parties. The CSU, which has served as sister party to the CDU for decades, fears heavy losses in next year s Bavaria election and is digging its heels in over a demand for a cap on the number of refugees. Merkel says a cap would breach the constitution which guarantees asylum to politically persecuted people. Merkel, who left Germany s borders open to 1 million migrants in 2015, acknowledged her handling of that crisis had shaken the relationship between the CDU and CSU, and took responsibility for election losses because of her decision. Most of the migrants who arrived two years ago entered Germany through Bavaria. Merkel implored both parties to compromise, saying the parties  deal to live with their differences and fight the election together this year had meant they had won.  I will do everything I can to move this forward.. With good will, that is possible,  she said. The conservative youth wing on Friday agreed on a  Dresden declaration  calling for change after the heavy election losses. While it stopped short of the CSU s demand for an upper limit on migration, it rejected  uncontrolled  immigration. On euro zone reform, Merkel sounded skeptical on the idea of a finance minister for the currency zone.  A finance minister will only be appointed if a finance minister is necessary,  she said.  The FDP has said it could not agree to a euro zone budget that would help redress economic imbalances within the bloc. ",1
18080,Syrian jihadist alliance decries rebel groups planning incursion: statement,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Tahrir al-Sham, an alliance of jihadist factions in Syria, on Saturday decried Turkey-backed Syrian rebel factions planning an operation in the northwestern Idlib province where it dominates, saying it would  not be a picnic  for them.   The lions of jihad and martyrdom are waiting to pounce on them,  it added in a statement posted on a social media site.  Earlier on Saturday Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said Syrian rebel fighters were preparing to launch  a serious operation  in Idlib backed by Turkish forces from inside Turkey s borders.  The operation comes after an agreement last month between Turkey, Russia and Iran to set up a  de-escalation zone  in northwest Syria where Idlib is located to reduce warfare there.  Erdogan said Russia, which backs the Syrian government against rebel groups, would support the operation, but rebels taking part said Russia s role was only in areas controlled by the Syrian government.  Tahrir al-Sham s statement described the rebel groups involved as traitors, accusing them of working with Russia and the Syrian government, but without mentioning Turkey.  ",1
18081,Eleven treated after London museum incident - ambulance service,"LONDON (Reuters) - London s ambulance service said they had treated 11 people, mostly for head and leg injuries, with nine taken to hospital after a car collided with pedestrians near the city s Natural History Museum on Saturday.  We sent multiple resources to the scene, including our hazardous area response team, ambulance crews, paramedics in fast response cars and incident response officers,  Peter McKenna, deputy director of operations, said in a statement.  We have worked closely with other members of the emergency services at the scene, with our priority being to get people to safety and ensure they received the medical help they needed as quickly as possible.  ",1
18082,"Indonesia police detain 51 men in Jakarta ""gay spa"" raid","JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian police detained 51 men including several foreigners in a raid on what authorities described as a  gay spa  in Jakarta late on Friday, and some could face up to six years in prison under pornography and prostitution laws. The arrests are the latest in a spate of high-profile police actions against gay clubs and parties in Indonesia this year that have called the country s reputation for tolerance into question. With the exception of the ultra-conservative Aceh province in northern Sumatra, where Islamic law is enforced and two men were publicly flogged last month for gay sex, homosexuality is legal in Indonesia, home to the world s largest Muslim population. Among those detained at the spa in Central Jakarta on Friday were four Chinese nationals, a Singaporean, one Thai national, one Malaysian, and one Dutchman, although none of the foreigners would be charged, Jakarta Police spokesman Argo Yuwono told Reuters on Saturday. When asked about what the people in the spa were doing at the time of the raid, Yuwono noted that it was dark at the time.  LGBT is clearly between men and men or same-sex relationships. Male prostitution,  Yuwono said, without clarifying further. He said those charged could face up to six years in prison under Indonesia s pornography law.  There s a cashier, the manager there and also those providing facilities like towels and other things,  he said. Activists say police targeting of consensual gay sex has shone a light on discrimination and harassment in the world s third-largest democracy. Andreas Harsono, a Jakarta-based researcher for Human Rights Watch, referred to a pattern of discriminatory police action against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people in Indonesia.  If they raided (this club) because they are gay, it is abusive, it is abuse of power,  he said, adding that there is no law against homosexuality as long as relationships are consensual.  If there is no victim, there is no crime,  he said. Police often used to the pornography law to  criminalize  such cases, but that law itself is also problematic, Harsono said, noting that people could be charged if they had pornographic material on a cell phone.  Just imagine if every person in Indonesia had their cell phones checked, how many hundred million people would go to jail?      In May, officers detained 141 men in a raid on the Atlantis sauna, accusing them of involvement in a gay prostitution ring in a part of Jakarta that is also home to many heterosexual  spas . (This version corrects month of floggings in Aceh province to May from last month in paragraph 3) ",1
18083,Russian riot police detain opposition protesters in St Petersburg: Reuters witness,"ST PETERSBURG (Reuters) - Russian riot police detained at least 10 opposition protesters on Saturday in central St Petersburg as hundreds of anti-Kremlin activists marched towards the city s main street, a Reuters witness said. Police across Russia detained more than 100 opposition activists earlier on Saturday for taking part in a wave of protests in support of jailed opposition leader Alexei Navalny ahead of a presidential election in March. The authorities said most of the protests were illegal because they had not been officially approved beforehand.   ",1
18084,Police say keeping an open mind as to whether London museum incident is terrorism-related,"LONDON (Reuters) - London police said they were keeping an open mind after a car collided with pedestrians outside the city s Natural History Museum, contradicting an earlier comment that they were not treating the incident as terrorism-related. A spokeswoman for the London force said counter-terrorism officers were assessing the incident but had not yet reached a conclusion as to the circumstances. Earlier a spokesman told Reuters it was not being treated as a terrorism-related incident at this stage. ",1
18085,"Merkel, Juncker discuss Catalan crisis: EU official","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker have discussed the Catalan crisis in a phone call, an EU official told Reuters on Saturday, in a sign of growing unease over potential disruption across Europe. The call signals fresh concern over a possible declaration of independence next week by the Catalan regional parliament and the reaction of the Spanish government, which could exacerbate what is already Spain s worst political crisis for decades. Juncker spoke to Merkel from India on Friday on the sidelines of an EU-India summit.  They discussed the situation in Spain, among other things,  the EU official said, without adding details. Concern is growing in EU capitals about the negative impact of the crisis on the Spanish economy, the fourth largest in the euro zone, and on possible spillovers to other economies of the bloc.  European finance ministers, gathering in Brussels on Monday and Tuesday for a regular meeting, could discuss the issue, although it is not formally on the agenda, EU officials said. The EU Commission has repeatedly urged Catalan and Spanish leaders to find a political solution. The support given in public statements by EU leaders to Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is combined with concern expressed in private about how the Spanish government s use of police to prevent Catalans from voting last week in an independence referendum could backfire. The Spanish government apologized for the first time on Friday for the police use of violence.. Some EU states are worried that talk of Catalan independence could fuel secessionist feelings in other parts of Europe.   ",1
18086,North Korea preparing long-range missile test: RIA cites Russian lawmaker,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - North Korea is preparing to test a long-range missile which it believes can reach the west coast of the United States, a Russian lawmaker just returned from a visit to Pyongyang was quoted as saying on Friday. Anton Morozov, a member of the Russian lower house of parliament s international affairs committee, and two other Russian lawmakers visited Pyongyang on Oct. 2-6, Russia s RIA news agency reported.  They are preparing for new tests of a long-range missile. They even gave us mathematical calculations that they believe prove that their missile can hit the west coast of the United States,  RIA quoted Morozov as saying.  As far as we understand, they intend to launch one more long-range missile in the near future. And in general, their mood is rather belligerent.  Tensions have risen in recent weeks over North Korea s nuclear weapons and missile programs as Pyongyang has test-fired several missiles and conducted what it said was a test explosion of a hydrogen bomb as it advances toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. Morozov s comments drove up the price of U.S. Treasury bonds, as investors, worried about the prospect of new North Korean missile tests, moved into assets the market views as a safe haven in times of uncertainty. Reuters was not able to independently verify Morozov s account, and he did not specify which North Korean officials had given him the information about the planned test. In Washington, a U.S. official said that there had been indications that North Korea could be preparing for a missile test on or around Oct. 10, the anniversary of the founding of the ruling Korean Workers Party and a day after the Columbus Day holiday in the United States. The official, speaking on condition of anonymity, did not disclose the type of missile that could be tested and cautioned that North Korea in the past has not staged launches despite indications that it would. A senior CIA analyst, speaking at a conference in Washington this week, said the North Korean government likely would stage some kind of provocation on Oct. 10 but did not elaborate on what form it might take.  There is a clarity of purpose in what (North Korean leader) Kim Jong Un is doing. I don t think he s done,  said Yong Suk Lee, the deputy assistant director of the CIA s Korea Mission Center, which was set up this year.  In fact, I told my own staff (that) October 10th is the Korean Workers Party founding day. That s Tuesday in North Korea, but Monday   the Columbus Day holiday - in the United States. So stand by your phones.  Morozov s delegation had  high-level  meetings in Pyongyang, RIA news agency said, citing the Russian embassy in the North Korean capital. Tensions over North Korea s nuclear program have been running high in recent weeks since Pyongyang staged a series of missile tests, and conducted a text explosion on Sept. 3 of what it said was a hydrogen bomb. There has also been an exchange of tough rhetoric between Pyongyang and Washington. U.S. President Donald Trump threatened to  totally destroy  North Korea if it threatens the United States. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un responded by calling Trump deranged and saying he would pay dearly for his threat. China, North Korea s main ally, has backed sanctions against Pyongyang and on Saturday in response to the Nobel Peace Prize being awarded to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, said it backed a worldwide ban on nuclear weapons.  China has always supported a complete and total ban on nuclear weapons, but also believes that the goal of achieving nuclear disarmament cannot be achieved overnight and must advance gradually within the existing disarmament mechanism. China is willing to work with all parties to achieve a nuclear-weapon-free world,  said China s foreign ministry. Morozov is a member of the LDPR, a right-wing populist party. It casts itself as an opposition party, but hews close to the Kremlin line on matters of international affairs. Describing meetings with North Korean officials, Morozov said they  displayed serious determination and bellicose rhetoric,  RIA reported.  The situation, of course, demands the swiftest intervention of all interested states, particularly those represented in the region, in order to prevent wide-scale military action,  the agency quoted him as saying. Russia has closer relations with Pyongyang than many other world powers, linked in part to Kim Il Sung, the founder of North Korea and the current leader s grand-father, having lived for a time in the Soviet Union. Russian President Vladimir Putin has joined other world powers in condemning North Korea s weapons program, but has taken a softer line than Western governments. Putin has said that Pyongyang will not be cowed into giving up its weapons program. He has accused Washington of trying to effect regime change in North Korea, and predicted that would unleash chaos. U.S. Treasury prices surged on the report of a possible new missile test, pulling yields lower, as investors cut risk out of their portfolios and sought the safety of Treasuries. Treasury prices move inversely to their yields. Benchmark 10 year U.S. Treasury yields fell from the session high 2.40 percent mark US10YT=TWEB to 2.35 percent around midday (1600 GMT) in New York.  It has just been risk-off buying into the long (Columbus Day) weekend ... You look at the charts, it has really been a one-way trade of lower yields,  said Justin Lederer, Treasury analyst at Cantor Fitzgerald in New York. ",1
18087,Danish divers find missing body parts of Swedish journalist,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Danish police said on Saturday divers had found the head and the legs of Swedish journalist Kim Wall, who died in mysterious circumstances on an inventor s homemade submarine. Peter Madsen has been charged with killing the Swedish journalist who disappeared after she went on a trip with him in his submarine on August 10. He denies the charges. Madsen, a Dane, was arrested after his submarine sank and he was rescued. His lawyer Betina Hald Engmark told Reuters that she had been informed of the development, but had not received any material or documentation and decline further comment. Police identified a headless female torso that washed ashore in Copenhagen later in August as Wall s, but a cause of death has not been determined. Madsen has said Wall died in an accident when she was hit by a heavy hatch cover on board his submarine. On Saturday a police spokesman told reporters in Copenhagen that there were no fractures to Wall s skull.  The body parts, a knife and some of Wall s clothes in bags weighted down by bits of metal were found in Koge Bay on Friday by Danish navy divers who are assisting the police. Police spokesman Jens Moller Jensen told reporters on Saturday that the body parts will be investigated further to try and determine a cause of death. He said that the Madsen and his lawyers had not had time yet to react to the new evidence. A police prosecutor said earlier this week that officers had found images  which we presume to be real  of women being strangled and decapitated on Peter Madsen s computer in a laboratory he ran. Madsen said the computer searched by police was not his but was used by everyone in the laboratory.   ",1
18088,"London museum says serious incident outside, working with police",LONDON (Reuters) - London s Natural History Museum said on Saturday there had been a serious incident outside and it was working with police.  A museum spokesman told Reuters that no one was being allowed into the building and people were being let out through a different exit. ,1
18089,Swiss police say knife-wielding asylum seeker killed by officer,"ZURICH (Reuters) - A 38-year-old refugee from Sri Lanka was shot and killed by Swiss police on Saturday after he charged at two other asylum seekers with knives, law enforcement officials said.  Police in the town of Brissago in Switzerland s Italian-speaking canton of Ticino said they were called to a refugee centre after a report of an altercation after midnight.  Officers say they escorted two asylum seekers into the building, where they were rushed by a man brandishing two knives.   To guarantee the safety of all those present, a cantonal police officer fired his gun and seriously injured the aggressor,  Ticino police said in a statement. Despite first aid, the man died at the scene, the police said.  ",1
18090,Turkish minister says will work to improve ties with Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Saturday he would work towards a normalization of relations with Germany after months of mutual recriminations on a range of issues between the NATO allies. Already tense relations took a turn for the worse after Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan launched a crackdown on his opponents following a failed coup attempt last year. Germany has also protested against the detention of German citizens on political charges and has raised the question of whether EU accession talks with Turkey should go ahead. Striking an unusually conciliatory tone, Cavusoglu told Der Spiegel weekly there was no reason for problems between the two countries.  If you take one step towards us, we will take two towards you,  he said.  And asked if he believed there would be a normalization in relations, Cavusoglu said:  Yes. And I am ready to make an effort towards that.  Earlier this year, Erdogan and some of his political allies compared Germany to the Nazi era after some local authorities stopped Turkish ministers campaigning here for a referendum that handed the president sweeping new powers. German officials cited security concerns.  The Nazi comparisons were a kind of  response to the hostility  from Germany, Cavusoglu said, adding Germany had to learn to respect Turkey.  Germany s deputy foreign minister Michael Roth told Welt am Sonntag weekly that Berlin was ready to talk and said he hoped  that we can soon move closer together again.   However, he said Germany would not be silent when innocent German citizens are behind bars.  We must find solutions to this,  he said. In an election on Sept. 24, conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel won a fourth term but suffered heavy losses to the far right.  She looks set to try to form a coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and Greens. A possible candidate for foreign minister is Cem Ozdemir, a co-leader of the Greens who has Turkish parents and has been very critical of Erdogan.  Whoever comes to Turkey as foreign minister will meet the same respect as he shows us,  Cavusoglu told Der Spiegel. ",1
18091,U.S. Embassy in Saudi Arabia cautions citizens after unconfirmed reports of foiled attack in Jeddah,"RIYADH (Reuters) - The United States Embassy in Saudi Arabia warned U.S. citizens to exercise caution in the area around the Peace Palace in Jeddah on Saturday after reports on social media of an attack there.  There were several unconfirmed reports that security forces had foiled an attack near the king s palace, leaving the attacker and several guards dead. The Saudi government has not issued an official statement confirming the incident. ",1
18092,Polish ruling party and president say closer to strike deal over court reform,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s ruling PiS party and President Andrzej Duda say they are closer to a compromise on overhauling the judiciary, an issue that has divided the once close political allies and worried the European Union.  In July Duda, who was backed by PiS, the Law and Justice party, in the 2015 presidential election, unexpectedly vetoed the ruling party s judicial reform proposals following nationwide protests and warnings from Poland s Western allies about politicization of the courts. The veto raised questions about whether PiS would uphold its support for Duda in the next presidential election.  In September the president made counter-proposals which still envisaged greater political control over the courts but to be exercised by the president and not by the justice minister, as well as parliament. Lawmakers from both PiS and opposition parties criticized the president s proposals, but since then Duda and PiS leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski have met to discuss the reform, struggling to reach a compromise.  After the latest meeting, which ended on Friday, representatives of both sides said compromise was nearing.  Law and Justice has made huge concessions when it comes to the judiciary reform. (...) I think that we are close to an agreement,  a PiS spokeswoman told broadcasters.  She added that PiS agreed on Duda s proposal that parliament will need a three-fifths majority to appoint new top judges as well as to reduce the influence of the justice minister on courts. Duda s top aide Krzysztof Szczerski was quoted as saying by the state-run news agency PAP that the meeting with Kaczynski was  a step towards achieving a shared, compromise version of the judiciary reforms within the boundaries of the bills recently submitted to parliament by the president .   ",1
18093,Malaysia arrests eight over suspected terror links,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia has arrested four foreigners and four Malaysians for suspected involvement in terrorist activities linked to Abu Sayyaf, the Islamic State and Jemaah Islamiah, the police said on Saturday. Among the foreigners arrested were three Filipinos, one of whom is a permanent resident in Malaysia, and an Albanian. The arrests were made in the states of Sabah, Selangor and Perak between Sept. 27 and Oct. 6. Five suspects were arrested in the Borneo state of Sabah, suspected of assisting the Abu Sayyaf militant group s infiltration into Malaysia. Police said the arrested Albanian, a law lecturer at a local public university, has contact with Islamic State. Another two arrested are former convicts, previously found guilty in 2016 of participating in terrorist activities. One was arrested under suspicion of recruiting convicts in prison and planning an attack on Muslim, Christian and Hindu places of worship in Malaysia. The suspect is also said to harbor information about a member of the Tanzim Al-Qaeda Malaysia, a group linked to Jemaah Islamiah, who remains at large. The other was an accomplice suspected of recruiting two Malaysians. Malaysia has arrested hundreds of people over the past few years for suspected links to militant groups. The Southeast Asian country has been on high alert since suicide bombers and gunmen linked to Islamic State launched multiple attacks in Jakarta, the capital of neighboring Indonesia, in January 2016. A grenade attack on a bar on the outskirts of the Malaysian capital, Kuala Lumpur, in June last year wounded eight people. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attacks, the first such attacks on Malaysian soil. ",1
18094,Erdogan says Turkey backing FSA move on Idlib,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Saturday that Turkish soldiers were not in Syria s Idlib yet, but that Free Syria Army was carrying out the operation, news channel NTV reported. Erdogan said in an earlier speech that a major military operation was underway in the Syria s northwest province of Idlib, which Free Syrian Army rebel groups said they were preparing to enter with Turkish backing. NTV reported that Erdogan told reporters after his speech that Russia was backing the operation from the air, while Turkish soldiers were supporting it from inside Turkish borders. ",1
18095,Turkey's Erdogan says major operation in Syria's Idlib,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Saturday that a major military operation was underway in the Syria s northwest province of Idlib, which Free Syrian Army rebel groups earlier said they were preparing to enter with Turkish backing.  There is a serious operation in Syria s Idlib today, and this will continue,  Erdogan told members of his AK Party in a speech.  Much of Idlib is currently controlled by an jihadist-led alliance of fighters.  We will never allow a terror corridor along our borders in Syria,  Erdogan said.  We will continue to take other initiatives after the Idlib operation.  ",1
18096,Final tally in NZ election strengthens Labour in negotiation talks,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - A possible Labour-Green coalition narrowed the gap with the ruling National Party in New Zealand s final election tally, strengthening their position ahead of talks on Sunday with the small nationalist party which holds the balance of power. The final Sept. 23 election results released on Saturday showed National won 56 seats and Labour and Greens together took 54 seats, leaving them both reliant on New Zealand First s nine seats to meet the 61 seats needed for a majority in parliament in New Zealand s proportional representation system. National lost two seats to the Labour-Green bloc compared with preliminary results - a development which Labour leader Jacinda Ardern said buoyed their position at the negotiating table.  We will continue our negotiations in earnest with potential support parties beginning this weekend,  Ardern told reporters in Auckland.  This now means that we have a strengthened mandate to negotiate and form a durable, stable coalition government.  Ardern, 37, took over the Labour leadership nearly two months before the election, quickly drawing comparisons with youthful, cosmopolitan leaders like Canada s Justin Trudeau and France s Emmanuel Macron. She has almost single-handedly brought Labour to within reach of forming government. New Zealand First said in an emailed statement that it would hold discussions on Sunday with the National Party at midday and with the Labour Party in the afternoon.  New Zealand First leader Winston Peters told local media that knowing the facts  puts us in a better position to make judgements . Peters has said he would only make a decision on which party to back after the final tally and after the results become official on Oct. 12. Prime Minister Bill English told reporters in Queenstown that the final results did not change the nature of the negotiations, which would now likely focus on the economy.  I don t think it weakens it significantly at all,  he said, referring to National s negotiating position.  The fundamentals haven t altered, and that is National has significantly more seats than Labour, we are larger than a Labour-Greens combination.  If New Zealand First chooses to go with Labour, which are thought to have more in common in terms of policy, the gain in seats for the Labour-Greens bloc would make it easier for Peters to justify the move, analysts said. Both parties have said they want to curb immigration, renegotiate certain trade deals and adjust the role of the central bank albeit in different ways.  If Labour, the Greens and NZ First had formed a government with a majority of one (seat)...that wouldn t have sat comfortably with many people,  Richard Shaw, politics professor at Massey University, referring to preliminary results. A Labour, Greens, NZ First coalition would now hold a three-seat majority after the final tally. But some say Peters could be swayed to go to National given it would be a straightforward coalition between two parties. Peters, a veteran New Zealand politician who has now held the balance of power three times, has in past elections formed coalition governments with both the National Party and Labour. The National Party won 44.4 percent of the votes, the Labour Party 36.9 percent, New Zealand First 7.2 percent, the Green Party 6.3 percent. ",1
18097,NZ opposition Labour says in a stronger position to negotiate government after final election tally,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand opposition Labour Party leader Jacinda Ardern said on Saturday a final election vote tally put her party in a strengthened position as it negotiates to form a government with the nationalist New Zealand First Party. The final count for the Sept. 23 election showed Labour and its potential coalition partner the Green Party with an extra two seats in the 120-seat parliament, taking their combined seats to 54. The ruling National Party has 56 seats.  Either bloc would need the New Zealand First Party, which has nine seats, in order to govern government. Ardern said negotiations, which had kicked off on Thursday, would continue over the weekend ",1
18098,NZ PM says final election tally does not weaken his chances of forming a coalition government,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English said a final election tally released on Saturday did not fundamentally change negotiations between his National Party and the nationalist New Zealand First Party to form a coalition government. The final count in the Sept. 23 election showed National had lost two seats compared to the preliminary count on election night, but remained in the lead with 56 seats, compared to the opposition Labour Party s 46.  I don t think it weakens it significantly at all, the fundamentals haven t altered,  English told reporters in Queenstown in response to a question on his party s negotiation position.  The inconclusive election results have left neither major party with enough votes to form a government without populist New Zealand First, which holds nine seats. ",1
18099,Tokyo Governor Koike leaves door open for ruling party PM post election,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike does not expect her new conservative party to pick a candidate for prime minister during the campaign for the Oct. 22 election, leaving the door open to eventually backing a lawmaker from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s party. Koike s new Party of Hope has emerged as a serious challenge to Abe s Liberal Democratic Party supporter base, but she has said she would not personally contest the election. Abe called the snap election last month in hopes his ruling bloc would keep its majority in parliament s lower house, where it now has a two-thirds  super  majority. Losing a simple majority would be a major unexpected upset, but a poor performance by the LDP could put pressure on Abe to step down. Asked in an interview published on Saturday by the Asahi newspaper whether Koike s party would pick a candidate for premier from its own ranks during the election, she replied:  Basically, no.   The campaign kicks off formally on Oct. 11. Koike, 65, a former defense minister and ex-member of Abe s LDP, told Reuters on Friday that all options were on the table regarding whom her party would back when parliament convenes to vote on a prime minister after the election.  We need to see the results (of the election). We must protect this country and at the same time, we must change it,  Koike told Reuters.   We will decide after the election after confirming the trend in which our Party of Hope can achieve this.  In the interview with the Asahi, Koike praised former defense minister Shigeru Ishiba, whom she backed in a 2012 LDP leadership race won by Abe, and lauded Internal Affairs Minister Seiko Noda for her work on behalf of handicapped people. Ishiba has criticized Abe on several fronts including his proposal to revise the post-war constitution s pacifist Article 9 by clarifying the status of the military. Ishiba says Abe s proposal does not go far enough.  Noda has said she wants to run in the next LDP leadership race when Abe s current term expires in September 2018. ",1
18100,Rohingya insurgents open to peace but Myanmar ceasefire ending,"YANGON (Reuters) - Muslim Rohingya insurgents said on Saturday they are ready to respond to any peace move by the Myanmar government but a one-month ceasefire they declared to enable the delivery of aid in violence-racked Rakhine State is about to end. The Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) did not say what action it would take after the ceasefire ends at midnight on Monday but it was  determined to stop the tyranny and oppression  waged against the Rohingya people.  If at any stage, the Burmese government is inclined to peace, then ARSA will welcome that inclination and reciprocate,  the group said in a statement. Government spokesmen were not immediately available for comment. When the ARSA announced its one-month ceasefire from Sept. 10, a government spokesman said:  We have no policy to negotiate with terrorists.  The rebels launched coordinated attacks on about 30 security posts and an army camp on Aug. 25 with the help of hundreds of disaffected Rohingya villagers, many wielding sticks or machetes, killing about a dozen people. In response, the military unleashed a sweeping offensive across the north of Rakhine State, driving more than half a million Rohingya villagers into Bangladesh in what the United Nations branded a textbook example of  ethnic cleansing . Myanmar rejects that. It says more than 500 people have been killed in the fighting, most of them  terrorists  who have been attacking civilians and torching villages. The ability of the ARSA, which only surfaced in October last year, to mount any sort of challenge to the Myanmar army is not known but it does not appear to have been able to put up resistance to the military offensive unleashed in August. Inevitably, there are doubts about how the insurgents can operate in areas where the military has driven out the civilian population, cutting the insurgents off from recruits, food, funds and information. The ARSA accused the government of using murder, arson and rape as  tools of depopulation . The ARSA denies links to foreign Islamists. In an interview with Reuters in March, ARSA leader Ata Ullah linked the creation of the group to communal violence between Buddhists and Muslims in Rakhine in 2012, when nearly 200 people were killed and 140,000, mostly Rohingya, displaced. The group says it is fighting for the rights of the Rohingya, who have never been regarded as an indigenous minority in Myanmar and so have been denied citizenship under a law that links nationality to ethnicity. The group repeated their demand that Rohingya be recognized as a  native indigenous  ethnic group, adding that all Rohingya people should be allowed  to return home safely with dignity ... to freely determine their political status and pursue their economic, social and cultural development . The Rohingya have long faced discrimination and repression in Rakhine State where bad blood between them and ethnic Rakhine Buddhists, stemming from violence by both sides, goes back generations. The ARSA condemned the government for blocking humanitarian assistance in Rakhine and said it was willing to discuss ceasefires with international organizations so aid could be delivered. Some 515,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh but thousands remain in Rakhine. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has faced scathing criticism for not doing more to stop the violence, although a military-drafted constitution gives her no power over the security forces. Suu Kyi has condemned rights abuses and said Myanmar was ready to start a process agreed with Bangladesh in 1993 by which anyone verified as a refugee would be accepted back. Many refugees fear they will not have the paperwork they believe Myanmar will demand to allow them back. ",1
18101,U.N. fears 'further exodus' of Muslim Rohingya from Myanmar,"GENEVA/YANGON (Reuters) - The United Nations braced on Friday for a possible  further exodus  of Muslim Rohingya refugees from Myanmar into Bangladesh six weeks after the world s fastest-developing refugee emergency began, U.N. humanitarian aid chief said. Some 515,000 Rohingya have arrived in Bangladesh from Myanmar s western state of Rakhine in an unrelenting movement of people that began after Myanmar security forces responded to Rohingya militant attacks with a brutal crackdown. The United Nations has denounced the Myanmar military offensive as ethnic cleansing but Myanmar insists its forces are fighting  terrorists  who have killed civilians and burnt villages. Rights groups say more than half of more than 400 Rohingya villages in the north of Rakhine state have been torched in a campaign by the security forces and Buddhist vigilantes to drive out Muslims. Mark Lowcock, U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs, reiterated an appeal for access to the population in northern Rakhine, saying the situation was  unacceptable . Buddhist-majority Myanmar has blocked most access to the area, although some agencies have offices open in towns there and the International Committee of the Red Cross is helping the Myanmar Red Cross to deliver aid.  This flow of people of Myanmar hasn t stopped yet. Obviously there s into the hundreds of thousands of Rohingya still in Myanmar, and we want to be ready in case there is a further exodus,  Lowcock told a news briefing in Geneva.  Lowcock said a senior U.N. official was expected to visit Myanmar in the next few days. An estimated 2,000 Rohingya are arriving in Bangladesh every day, Joel Millman of the International Organization for Migration, told a separate briefing. Myanmar officials have said they attempted to reassure groups trying to flee to Bangladesh but could not stop people who were not citizens from leaving. The official Myanmar News Agency said on Friday  large numbers  of Muslims were preparing to cross the border. It cited their reasons as  livelihood difficulties , health problems, a  belief  of insecurity and fear of becoming a minority. RAIN-DRENCHED CAMPS Aid agencies have warned of a malnutrition crisis with about 281,000 people in Bangladesh in urgent need of food, including 145,000 children under five and more than 50,000 pregnant and breastfeeding women. Cholera is a risk, amid fears of disease spreading in the rain-drenched camps where aid workers are trying to install sanitation systems, a spokesman for the World Health Organization said. About 900,000 doses of cholera vaccine are due to arrive this weekend and a vaccination campaign should start on Tuesday. U.N.-led aid bodies have appealed for $434 million over six months to help up to 1.2 million people - including 300,000 Rohingya already in Bangladesh before the latest crisis and 300,000 Bangladeshi villagers in so-called host communities. The Rohingya are regarded as illegal immigrants in Myanmar and most are stateless. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has faced criticism for not doing more to stop the violence, although a military-drafted constitution gives her no power over the security forces. She has condemned rights abuses and said Myanmar was ready to start a process agreed with Bangladesh in 1993 by which anyone verified as a refugee would be accepted back. Lowcock said talks between Myanmar and Bangladesh on a repatriation plan were a useful first step.  But there is clearly a long way to go,  he said. Both the United States and Britain have warned Myanmar the crisis is putting at risk the progress it has made since the military began to loosen its grip on power. China, which built close ties with Myanmar while it was under military rule and Western sanctions, has been supportive. In Washington, U.S. officials said sanctions and the withholding of aid were among the options available to press Myanmar to halt the violence but they had to be careful to avoid worsening the crisis.  We don t want to take actions that exacerbate their suffering. There is that risk in this complicated environment,  Patrick Murphy, a deputy assistant secretary of state, told a hearing of the U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee. Murphy said efforts were under way to identify those responsible for rights violations. ",1
18102,"Brazil election campaign fund not big enough, judge says","SAO PAULO (Reuters) - A political campaign fund set up in Brazil with public money to help fight corruption is not big enough for the country s 2018 general election, the head of the country s top electoral court said on Friday. Brazil s scandal-plagued political class voted on Wednesday to establish the 1.7 billion reais ($542 million) fund to finance election campaigns after corporate donations were banned in the wake of the country s biggest ever corruption scandal. Backers of the fund said organized crime would step in to finance politicians if taxpayer funds were not made available. But Gilmar Mendes, the head of Brazil s TSE electoral court, said the fund would need more money.   This is a discussion we re going to have to continue, the debate on whether there are sufficient resources. It is evident that they will not be enough,  Mendes, who is also a Supreme Court justice, said. The ban on corporate funding coupled with the drying up of under-the-table contributions and kickbacks during Brazil s Car Wash corruption probe has left lawmakers struggling to raise money for their campaigns. Critics of the campaign fund said it was aimed at providing funding for lawmakers seeking re-election to shield themselves from prosecution for corruption. Mendes said one possibility to boost campaign financing next year would be to increase federal transfers to another fund that finances political parties called Fundo Partidario. The current budget estimates transfers of 888 million reais to this fund in 2017. ($1 = 3.1557 reais) ",1
18103,Former Iraqi president Talabani buried in Kurdish home region,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Jalal Talabani, whose presidency of post-Saddam Iraq symbolized the resurgence of the country s long-oppressed Kurdish people, was brought home on Friday and borne to his burial through streets crowded with tens of thousands of mourners.  Iraqi and Kurdish TV showed the Iraqi Airways plane which carried Talabani s coffin from Germany, where he died on Tuesday at the age of 83, landing in Sulaimaniya, his home city in northern Iraq. A 21-gunshot salute was given for the coffin, draped in the red, white and green Kurdish flag stamped with a golden sun. A military band played the Iraqi national anthem,  Mawtini  (my nation), and Chopin s funeral march. The Kurdish flag on the coffin triggered a wave of protests on media close to Shi ite political groups which support the Iraqi government. Al-Etejah TV interrupted its broadcast  because the coffin was not draped by the Iraqi flag . The plane that brought the body home was given special exemption from a ban on international flights to the Kurdish region imposed a week ago by the Iraqi government, in retaliation for a Kurdish referendum on independence. Talabani, a veteran leader of the Kurdish struggle for self-determination, became Iraq s president in 2005, the first person to hold the job after the overthrow of dictator Saddam Hussein in a U.S.-led invasion. Although the presidency has few real powers, the decision to give it to a member of the Kurdish minority symbolized unity for Iraq under a constitution intended to share power among ethnic and religious groups. Executive authority lies in the hands of a prime minister from the Shi ite Arab majority. Talabani stepped down as president in 2014 after a long period of treatment following a stroke in 2012. His successor, Fuad Musam, also a Kurd, presided over the ceremony at the airport on Friday. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, who is demanding that the autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) cancels the outcome of last week s independence vote, did not come to the funeral. Interior Minister Qasim al-Araji represented the central government.  The government delegation protested strongly because the Iraqi flag wasn t put on Mam Jalal s coffin, even though the national anthem was played,  said a government spokesman in a statement. Talabani is affectionately known as Mam, the Kurdish for  uncle . Holding pictures of Talabani and waving the green flags of his Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) party, tens of thousands gathered along the airport road and around Sulaimaniya Grand Mosque, where the prayer for the dead was held.  The funeral procession of a dozen SUVs struggled to make its way through the dense crowd from the mosque to his grave on a hill overlooking Sulaimaniya, near the Talabani family home. The Dabashan hill was covered with people as he was laid to rest in early evening.  At the airport ceremony, Kurdish regional government leader Masoud Barzani, Talabani s rival for decades in the movement for self-rule, sat between President Masum and Talabani s widow Hero. Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif, the highest-ranking foreign official in attendance, repeated Tehran s assertion that the independence vote was a  strategic mistake , Iranian media said.  Talabani had been too ill to express his views about the independence referendum. His PUK party gave it only lukewarm support.  Unlike Barzani, Talabani had good ties with Iran and the Iranian-backed Shi ite groups that effectively rule in Baghdad. The Baghdad government, Iran and Turkey all strongly opposed the referendum. Washington, an ally of the Kurds for decades, had also urged them not to hold it. Kurdish media and social media were rife with complaints about the flight ban imposed by Baghdad, which, they said, had prevented larger international participation at the funeral. Born in 1933 in what was then a monarchy ruled under the British mandate, Talabani studied law at Baghdad University, joined the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) in 1946 and by his mid-twenties was a lieutenant to the independence movement s patriarch, Mullah Mustafa Barzani, Masoud Barzani s father. He split from the KDP and formed the PUK in 1974, drawing support from the urban elite and from the small Kurdish Shi ite community. He regarded himself as a modern, socialist, urban alternative to the tribal authority wielded by the elder Barzani. Talabani s harshest lesson came in 1988 when Iraq gassed Kurdish towns near the Iranian border during an Iranian-PUK offensive in the waning days of the Iran-Iraq war. In a brutal campaign, Iraqi forces killed tens of thousands of Kurdish civilians and uprooted many more from their homes. Talabani s PUK has remained the most powerful political force in his home city of Sulaimaniya, while Barzani s KDP dominates the regional capital Erbil. One of Talabani s sons, Qubad, is deputy prime minister of the Kurdish Regional Government. ",1
18104,"Mexico military helicopter crashes in northern state, seven presumed dead","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A Mexican military helicopter crashed on Friday in the northern state of Durango, seriously injuring one military member aboard and likely killing seven others, the defense ministry said in a statement. The helicopter, a Bell 412 model, crashed 4 kilometers (2.5 miles) northeast of the town of El Salto in the mountainous state of Durango during a training flight. The one survivor was in grave condition in hospital, while authorities are searching for the bodies of seven other military members which were presumed to be among the remains of the aircraft. The northern state of Durango borders Sinaloa state, home of the Sinaloa drug cartel. Military authorities are investigating what happened to the helicopter, the ministry said. ",1
18105,'Jihadi Gran' gets 10 years after joining son in Syria,"PARIS (Reuters) - A court on Friday sentenced a radicalized French woman to 10 years in prison after traveling to Syria where her son was fighting alongside Islamic State militants.  Christine Riviere, 51, dubbed by investigators as  Jihadi Gran , was arrested in 2014 after three trips to Syria, which she said were aimed at spending time with her son in case he was killed. Announcing the decision, the judge said Riviere had demonstrated  a firm commitment  to Islamic State and had contributed to strengthening the group logistically.  France, like other European nations, is wrestling with how to deal with those returning from the Syrian conflict. A presidency official said last week that half of the 500 children were born there, and in total about 2,000 French nationals or residents had gone to the two countries,  Instead of trying to disengage your son, it seems on the contrary that you encouraged him,  the judge said. Investigators believe that Riviere s son, Tyler Vilus, climbed the Islamic State hierarchy to lead a Francophile group. Arrested in July 2015 in Turkey and now imprisoned in France, Vilus is suspected of having known members of the network that planned and carried out the November 2015 attacks in Paris in which 130 people were killed.      The sentencing comes a week after a mother-of-three was found guilty of financing terrorism after she sent money abroad to her radicalized son who later traveled to fight in Syria. She was sentenced to two years in jail. ",1
18106,Photographer killed in Mexico as journalist death toll nears record,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The bullet-riddled body of a news photographer was found in central Mexico on Friday, state officials, putting 2017 on track to become the deadliest year yet for journalists in the notoriously violent country. Edgar Daniel Esqueda, 23, who worked with Metropoli San Luis and Vox Populi SLP in the state of San Luis Potosi, was found in the state capital with at least three bullet wounds in the back of his neck, authorities said.  The news outlets where Esqueda worked reported had reported his abduction from his home by gunmen on Thursday morning.  San Luis Potosi s governor, Manuel Carreras, told a press conference an investigation was underway. He did not say whether  Esqueda s murder was linked to his work as a journalist.  With Esqueda s killing, 2017 could become the bloodiest  year yet for reporters in Mexico, according to press freedom and journalists  advocacy group Articulo 19. The photo journalist was the 11th reporter killed so far this year, the group said. That matched the total in 2016, which was the highest number on record in a country torn by runaway levels of criminal and drug-related bloodletting. Over the past 17 years, 111 journalists have been killed in Mexico, 38 of them under the current government of President Enrique Pena Nieto.  Reporters Without Borders and the Committee for the Protection of Journalists (CPJ) both rank Mexico among the deadliest countries in the world for reporters. Activists have repeatedly criticized Mexican prosecutors for failing to fully investigate many journalists  murders, allowing the killers to operate with impunity. Mexico s human rights commission has asked state authorities to provide protection for Esqueda s family members, who were at home with the photographer when he was taken by force, according to Articulo 19. Witnesses who spoke with the group said Esqueda asked his kidnappers for their identity when they broke into the home where he was asleep with his wife, and they responded that they were police officers. The state police force said via Twitter that  there has not been any police action against a reporter in the capital.   Criminals, sometimes connected with state actors, know that they can get away with killing journalists in Mexico because of  chronic impunity for these crimes. Until that changes, the violence will continue,  Alexandra Ellerbeck, the CPJ s program coordinator for North America, said in a statement. Esqueda had reported threats months ago to a government-run human rights group in San Luis Potosi, one of his colleagues told Reuters. ",1
18107,"U.S. lifts Sudan sanctions, wins commitment against arms deals with North Korea","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States lifted long-standing sanctions against Sudan on Friday, saying it had made progress fighting terrorism and easing humanitarian distress, and also secured Khartoum s commitment not to pursue arms deals with North Korea. In a move that completes a process begun by former President Barack Obama and which was opposed by human rights groups, President Donald Trump removed a U.S. trade embargo and other penalties that had effectively cut Sudan off from much of the global financial system. The U.S. decision marked a major turnaround for the government of President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, who once played host to Osama bin Laden and is wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of orchestrating genocide in Darfur. However, Sudan will stay on the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism - alongside Iran and Syria - which carries a ban on weapons sales and restrictions on U.S. aid, U.S. officials said. Sudanese officials also remain subject to United Nations sanctions for human rights abuses during the Darfur conflict, the officials said, speaking on condition of anonymity. The lifting of sanctions reflects a U.S. assessment that Sudan has made progress in meeting Washington s demands, including cooperation on counter-terrorism, working to resolve internal conflicts and allowing more humanitarian aid into Darfur and other rebellious border areas, the officials said. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the sanctions relief was in recognition of Sudan s  sustained positive actions  but that more improvement was needed. The Trump administration also secured a commitment from Sudan that it would  not pursue arms deals  with North Korea, and Washington will apply  zero tolerance  in ensuring Khartoum s compliance, one of the officials said. But they said Khartoum s assurances on North Korea were not a condition for lifting sanctions, some of which had been in place for 20 years and have hobbled the Sudanese economy. Sudan has long been suspected of military ties with North Korea, which is locked in a tense standoff with Washington over its missiles and nuclear weapons programs. But the official said Khartoum was not believed to have diplomatic relations with Pyongyang and that was not expected to change. Sudan also has recently distanced itself diplomatically from Iran, another U.S. arch-foe. U.S. officials have said that sanctions relief, which will unfreeze Sudanese government assets, could benefit a range of businesses in Sudan, including its key energy sector. The economy has been reeling since South Sudan, which holds  three-quarters of former Sudan s oil wells, seceded in 2011.  Sudan looks forward to building  normal relations with the United States,  the foreign ministry said in a statement.  However, this requires lifting Sudan from the list of state sponsors of terrorism because it does not apply (to Sudan).  Central bank governor Hazem Abdel Kader said removing sanctions would allow Sudan s banking system to  reintegrate into the global economy,  and Agriculture Minister Abdul Latif Ajimi said it would bring exchange rate stability that would boost agricultural development, according to state news agency SUNA. Shortly before leaving office, former U.S. President Barack Obama temporarily eased penalties against the east African nation. In July, the Trump administration postponed for three months a decision on whether to remove the sanctions completely, setting up an Oct. 12 deadline. Rights groups see the sanctions removal as premature.  It sends the wrong message to lift these sanctions permanently when Sudan has made so little progress on human rights,  said Andrea Prasow, deputy director of the Washington office of Human Rights Watch. Democratic U.S. Representative Jim McGovern said the sanctions decision  legitimizes the murderous actions of the Sudanese government  and warned that  any back-sliding will likely result in Congress reinstating sanctions.  The United States first imposed sanctions on Sudan in 1997, including a trade embargo and blocking government assets, for human rights violations and terrorism concerns. Washington layered on more sanctions in 2006 for what it said was complicity in the violence in Sudan s Darfur region. ",1
18108,Some U.S. visitors to Cuba complain of symptoms similar to embassy 'attacks': U.S.,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A  handful  of private U.S. citizens who traveled to Cuba say they have experienced symptoms similar to those suffered by American diplomats in mysterious health  attacks  in Havana, the U.S. State Department said on Friday. A State Department spokesperson, who declined to be named, said the agency could not verify the claims but said travelers should heed its travel warning issued last Friday. The warning urged Americans to stay away from Cuba because of unexplained health  attacks  it says have caused hearing loss, dizziness, fatigue and cognitive issues among at least 22 diplomatic personnel. The Trump administration on Tuesday expelled 15 Cuban diplomats to protest Cuba s failure to protect staff at the U.S. embassy in the communist country, just days after Washington recalled more than half the U.S. diplomatic personnel from Havana. Cuba has denied involvement, and Washington has not directly blamed the government in Havana. So far, no probes have yielded any answers about how the alleged attacks were carried out or who was responsible. The warning said the attacks had occurred in  diplomatic residences and hotels frequented by U.S. citizens.  CBS News first reported that some private citizens had complained of symptoms after visiting Cuba. On Friday, the U.S. embassy in Havana identified the Hotel Nacional and Hotel Capri as the two places where it said embassy personnel had been targeted over the past few months, and said the U.S. government had  imposed limitations on lodging  there. Receptionists at both hotels, when contacted by Reuters, said they had not heard of any restrictions. Both said they had Americans registered there and their managers were not immediately available for comment. U.S. intelligence operatives working undercover were among the embassy personnel affected by the attacks, but it was unclear if they were specifically targeted since the symptoms hit staff across a range of job categories, U.S. officials have told Reuters. The steps taken by Republican President Donald Trump s administration deliver another blow to his Democratic predecessor Barack Obama s policy of rapprochement, including actions likely to erode the normalization of a relationship dominated for decades by Cold War hostility and suspicion. Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez denounced the expulsion of Cuban diplomats as  unjustified,  accused the United States of insufficient cooperation with Cuba s investigation and urged Washington to stop politicizing the matter. Theories about the attacks abound, from surveillance technology gone awry to a sophisticated acoustic weapon in the hands of Cuban-American exiles or third-party state actors such as Russia, Iran or North Korea. But no clear explanation has emerged. ",1
18109,Fourth ex-governor from Mexico's PRI arrested on corruption charges,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A former Mexican governor wanted on corruption charges was arrested on Friday, officials said, marking the fourth detention of an ex-governor from the country s ruling party so far this year. Eugenio Hernandez, who served as governor of the northern border state of Tamaulipas from 2005-2010, was arrested in the state capital of Ciudad Victoria. He is accused by both Mexican and U.S. authorities of embezzlement and money laundering.  Hernandez served as a member of President Enrique Pena Nieto s Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, which for decades has been battered by corruption scandals. Corruption promises to be one of the major issues in Mexico s July 2018 presidential election, with public discontent widespread over a spate of conflict-of-interest rows that have dogged the Cabinet and Pena Nieto himself. The rows could play into the hands of leftist presidential hopeful Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, a two-time runner-up who presents himself as an anti-corruption crusader and is the front-runner in the polls. Prosecutors alleged that in 2007 Hernandez bought a state-owned 1,600-hectare property through an associate, allegedly paying 16 million pesos ($862,730) for the land despite an estimated value at the time of slightly more than 1 billion pesos. The land was previously sold in 2002 to an associate of Tomas Yarrington, Hernandez s predecessor as governor of Tamaulipas, for 14 million pesos, while at the time its value was pegged at 866 million pesos, the prosecutors said. Hernandez and his lawyer could not immediately be contacted for a response and have not made a public statement. Yarrington himself was arrested in April in Italy and has been charged in the United States for presumed ties to drug trafficking. He has not made a public statement since his arrest.  Two other former PRI governors were also arrested earlier this year. In April, Javier Duarte of Veracruz state was arrested in Guatemala, accused of siphoning off millions of dollars from state coffers. He has denied any wrongdoing. Meanwhile, Roberto Borge of Quintana Roo state was arrested in Panama in June just as he was about to board a flight to Paris. Mexican authorities have requested his extradition. Borge is accused of illicit enrichment, embezzlement and abuse of public office. He has denied the allegations. ($1 = 18.5458 Mexican pesos) ",1
18110,Pentagon says fourth U.S. soldier killed in Niger ambush,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Friday that a fourth soldier was killed during an attack on Wednesday in Niger, raising the death toll from an incident that has thrown a spotlight on the U.S. counterterrorism mission in the West African nation.  The United States had previously announced that three U.S. Army Special Forces soldiers had been killed and another two wounded when a joint U.S.-Nigerien patrol came under attack near the village of Tongo Tongo.  It did not disclose until Friday that a fourth soldier had been missing. Officials said his body was found by Nigerien forces on Friday morning near the site of the ambush, ending an extensive rescue and recovery mission. No group has taken responsibility for the killings, although officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, say the United States suspects a local branch of Islamic State was responsible. The U.S. military s Africa Command declined to publicly name any group but said the American military would hunt down the insurgents.  Absolutely, we are resolved and stalwart in our efforts to go after those who attacked this joint patrol of Nigerien and U.S. forces,  said Army Colonel Mark Cheadle, a spokesman for the U.S. military s Africa Command. From initial accounts, the 40-member patrol, which included about a dozen U.S. troops, came under a swift attack by  militants riding in a dozen vehicles and on about 20 motorcycles. Islamist militants form part of a regional insurgency in the poor, sparsely populated deserts of West Africa s Sahel.  Jihadists have stepped up attacks on U.N. peacekeepers, Malian soldiers and civilian targets since being driven back in northern Mali by a French-led military intervention in 2013. U.S. President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron discussed joint counterterrorism operations in the Sahel  to defeat al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups during a call on Friday, the White House said.  LOW-RISK Cheadle said the U.S. and Nigerien troops had been meeting with local leadership at the time of the attack, in what had been seen as a relatively lower-risk endeavor for America s elite commandos.  There was not even any armed air cover at the time that could carry out air strikes if necessary.  It was not meant to be an engagement with the enemy. It was meant to establish relations with the local leaders and the threats at the time were deemed to be unlikely, so there was no overhead armed air cover during the engagement,  he said.  Cheadle acknowledged that loss of elite U.S. forces would trigger a review of how the U.S. military carries out operations but did not suggest any move to scale back the American mission.      The U.S. military on Friday published the names of the three Army Special Forces soldiers from 3rd Special Forces Group (Airborne) who were killed when their reconnaissance patrol with Nigerien forces came under fire.  They were Staff Sergeant Bryan Black, 35, of Puyallup, Washington, Staff Sergeant Jeremiah Johnson, 39, of Springboro, Ohio and Staff Sergeant Dustin Wright, 29, of Lyons, Georgia. The U.S. military said it had surged resources to Niger to try to locate the missing American soldier. Cheadle said that included U.S. fighter jets, helicopters and surveillance assets.   There was a full-court press,  he said. ",1
18111,U.S. deaths in Niger highlight Africa military mission creep,"NAIROBI/ABIDJAN (Reuters) - U.S. special forces soldiers were with their counterparts from Niger on Wednesday in the West African nation s volatile southwest, a growing hot-bed of jihadist violence, when the report came in of a raid nearby. The assailants were believed to be led by Dondou Chefou, a lieutenant in a new group operating along the Mali-Niger border and called Islamic State in the Greater Sahara. A decision was soon taken to pursue them. The mixed force was ambushed by fighters on dozens of vehicles and motorcycles. Under heavy fire, U.S. troops called in French fighter jets for air support, but the firefight was at such close quarters that the planes could not engage and were instead left circling overhead as a deterrant.  The version of events, as told by two Nigerien and two Western sources briefed on the incident, shines a light on Washington s increasingly aggressive Special Forces-led counter-terrorism strategy in Africa and its risk of casualties.  Four U.S. soldiers died in the firefight, killed in a country where most Americans were unaware that their army is deployed but where Washington has steadily grown its presence. One soldier s body was only recovered two days later. At least four Nigeriens were also killed and, according to one Niger security source, militants seized four vehicles in the ambush. French helicopters, scrambled after the U.S. call for help, evacuated several soldiers wounded in the clash. A diplomat with knowledge of the incident said French officials were frustrated by the U.S. troops  actions, saying they had acted on only limited intelligence and without contingency plans in place.  After initially offering only scant details of what happened in the Nigerien desert on Wednesday, the U.S. military s Africa Command said on Friday the soldiers were in the area to establish relations with local leaders.   It was not meant to be an engagement with the enemy,  Africom spokesman Colonel Mark Cheadle told reporters.  The threats at the time were deemed to be unlikely, so there was no overhead armed air cover during the engagement.   U.S. forces do not have a direct combat mission in Niger, but their assistance to its army does include intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance in their efforts to target violent extremist organizations. U.S. military deployments are on the rise in Africa.  In May, a U.S. Navy Seal killed in a raid on an al Shabaab militant compound in Somalia became the first U.S. combat death in Africa since the 1993  Black Hawk Down  disaster in Mogadishu. In Niger, Washington has deployed around 800 soldiers, runs a drone base in the capital Niamey, and is building a second in Agadez at a cost of around $100 million. U.S. Special Forces help local troops develop counter-terrorism skills to tackle threats from al Qaeda-linked groups, Nigeria s Boko Haram and Islamists who have pledged allegiance to Islamic State.   It s a pretty broad mission with the government of Niger in order to increase their capability to stand alone and to prosecute violent extremists,  the U.S. military s Joint Staff Director, Lieutenant General Kenneth McKenzie, said on Thursday. Washington has long seen the Sahel as a security threat but involvement increased in the wake of a 2012 occupation of northern Mali by Islamist militants.  France led an offensive against the Islamists a year later, and the U.S. government now provides logistical and intelligence support to a 4,000-troop French counter-terrorism operation in the region.  The U.S. military organizes an annual, high-profile U.S. drill as well as longer-term, more discreet training of regional forces. But experts say U.S. involvement in the fight does not stop there.   It is likely that there are other operations going on aside from just the training operations,  said Andrew Lebovich, a visiting fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations. In missions run out of a base in the northern Niger town of Arlit and others like the one that led to the ambush of U.S. troops, sources say they have helped local troops and intelligence agents make several arrests.   It is discreet but they are there,  a Nigerien security source told Reuters. Analysts are awaiting the political fallout of Wednesday s ambush with some speculating it may spark a reversal of the U.S. stance on a new regional force - known as the G5 Sahel - which France is pushing but which Washington is cool on. Others however like Ahmedou Ould Abdallah, a former top United Nations official in West Africa and Somalia, recall with concern the American pullout following the  Black Hawk Down  incident. Eighteen U.S. soldiers were killed when Somali militia shot down two helicopters in Mogadishu.  In Somalia, they over-reacted and withdrew their troops ... My worry is that after this attack they will also over-react. Trump might just say  Why should we die for this?  I hope they don t.  ",1
18112,Mexico ex-first lady leaves opposition party for presidency bid,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Former Mexican first lady Margarita Zavala, a leading contender to become president herself, said on Friday she was breaking with her party, deepening divisions in the opposition ahead of the 2018 presidential election. Zavala, wife of former President Felipe Calderon, announced her decision to leave the center-right National Action Party (PAN) in a recorded video broadcast in which she attacked the party leadership for blocking her aspirations. Since launching her bid for the presidency in June 2015, Zavala has spent months as one of the top contenders in opinion polls, generally just behind former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, a veteran leftist with nationalist leanings. The election will be held in July 2018, and President Enrique Pena Nieto s Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) faces an uphill struggle to stay in power. Polls show a tight race, though most candidates have yet to be chosen. Zavala, 50, said she quit the PAN because the party base had been subordinated to the interests of its leadership, which has forged a cross-party alliance for the election with the center-left opposition Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD).  Anti-democratic conditions took hold in the PAN just like we had criticized in the PRI and other parties,  she said. Zavala told Mexican radio that the  broad front  formed by the PAN, the PRD and the center-left Citizens Movement party meant there would be no internal PAN selection process for the presidential ticket, denying her a chance to be candidate. The PAN has the most seats of any opposition group in Congress. Party chairman Ricardo Anaya responded with his own video message, noting the selection process was still open. Saying he respected Zavala s decision, Anaya nevertheless argued her departure would only benefit the PRI. A survey in August by polling firm Mitofsky showed the cross-party alliance coming first in a presidential vote with nearly 22 percent support, a few points ahead of the PRI or Lopez Obrador s National Regeneration Movement (MORENA). However, over 37 percent of voters were still undecided.  Running as an independent, Zavala enters an increasingly crowded field of hopefuls that is due to include a maverick northern governor who broke with the PRI in 2015. Fernando Belaunzaran, a leading PRD advocate of the cross-party alliance, said he regretted Zavala s decision and that it would have been better to keep her inside the  broad front.  If polls later show Zavala has little chance of winning, the front must be ready to welcome her back, he added.  We ve got to the keep the door open,  he said.  ",1
18113,Brazil studying extradition of Italian ex-leftist guerilla Battisti,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The Brazilian government is studying whether to extradite Cesare Battisti, an Italian former left-wing guerrilla convicted of murder in his country, Justice Minister Torquato Jardim said on Friday. Battisti is under arrest in the Brazilian frontier town of Corumb  where he was detained on Wednesday as he tried to cross into Bolivia in a taxi, apparently fearing that Brazil s government would revoke his asylum status at Italy s request. Late on Friday, Battisti s lawyers said he had been granted habeas corpus, a court injunction ordering his release, and that they were trying to get him freed as soon as possible.   Battisti faces life in prison in Italy, where he was convicted of four murders committed in the 1970s, when he belonged to a guerilla group called Armed Proletarians for Communism. He escaped from prison in 1981 and lived in France before fleeing to Brazil to avoid being extradited to Italy. Brazil s Supreme Court authorized Battisti s extradition in 2009, but he was not sent back to Italy because former leftist President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva granted him refugee status on his last day in office in 2010.  Lula s refusal to extradite Battisti upset relations between the two countries. But that is likely to change with Michel Temer, the center-right president who took office last year when Lula s handpicked successor, Dilma Rousseff, was impeached.  No decision has been taken yet. The matter is being studied because the Italian government has repeatedly asked that he be sent back to Italy,  Justice Minister Jardim told reporters during a conference at the Rio de Janeiro bar association. Brazilian police said Battisti was being held for breaking currency laws due to the  significant  amount of cash in euros and dollars that he had at the border crossing. If Brazil decides to send Battisti back to Italy, there is no need for a new extradition request by Rome because the earlier one approved by the Supreme Court is still standing, Brazilian officials said. ",1
18114,Bodies of Egyptians killed by Islamic State in Libya recovered: report,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - The bodies of 21 Egyptian Christians killed by Islamic State in its former Libyan stronghold of Sirte have been recovered, the attorney general s office said on Friday. The bodies were found in the same orange jumpsuits the victims were wearing when they were filmed being killed in the coastal city in February 2015, according to a statement provided to Libya s Al-Ahrar TV channel. Sadiq al-Sour, the head of investigations for the attorney general s office, said last week that the area where the bodies were buried had been identified after a captured commander gave details of its whereabouts. Islamic State took control of Sirte in 2015 and lost the city late last year to local forces backed by U.S. air strikes. ",1
18115,U.S. approves possible $15 billion sale of THAAD missiles to Saudi Arabia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department has approved the possible sale of a THAAD anti-missile defense system to Saudi Arabia at an estimated cost of $15 billion, the Pentagon said on Friday, citing Iran among regional threats. The approval opens the way for Saudi Arabia to purchase 44 Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) launchers and 360 missiles, as well as fire control stations and radars.  This sale furthers U.S. national security and foreign policy interests, and supports the long-term security of Saudi Arabia and the Gulf region in the face of Iranian and other regional threats,  the Pentagon s Defense Security Cooperation agency said in a statement. Saudi Arabia and the United States are highly critical of what they consider Iran s aggressive behavior in the Middle East. Iran also has one of the biggest ballistic missile programs in the Middle East, viewing it as an essential precautionary defense against the United States and other adversaries, primarily Gulf Arab states and Israel. THAAD missile systems are deployed to defend against ballistic missile attacks. Saudi-owned al Arabiya television reported on Thursday that the kingdom had agreed to buy Russian S-400 surface-to-air missile systems, an announcement that came as Saudi King Salman made during his visit to Russia, the first by a Saudi monarch. U.S. military sales to Saudi Arabia have come under increased scrutiny over the Saudi-led coalition s war in Yemen.  Riyadh and its allies have been bombing the Iran-aligned Houthis in Yemen since the Houthis seized much of the country s north in 2015. Riyadh says the coalition is fighting terrorists and supporting Yemen s legitimate government but the office of the U.N. human rights chief has said Saudi-led air strikes cause the majority of civilian casualties. Lockheed Martin Co (LMT.N) is the prime contractor for the THAAD system, with Raytheon Co (RTN.N) playing an important role in the system s deployment. The United States deployed THAAD to South Korea this year to guard against North Korea s shorter-range missiles. That has drawn fierce criticism from China, which says the system s powerful radar can probe deep into its territory. ",1
18116,"ICAO condemns North Korea, urges regulatory compliance","(Reuters) - The United Nation s aviation agency International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) on Friday condemned North Korea for continued launching of ballistic missiles, which threatened the safety of international civil aviation. The agency urged North Korea to comply with international aviation standards in order to prevent the recurrence of such  potentially hazardous activities . ",1
18117,"Catalan parliament defies Madrid pressure, works on independence declaration","BARCELONA/MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan secessionists were working on Friday toward a unilateral declaration of independence from Spain that could be adopted next week in defiance of a court order and increased economic pressure from Madrid. After Spain s Constitutional Court suspended a session of the Catalan regional parliament set for Monday, which had been expected to endorse an independence declaration, the parliament said the region s pro-independence leader Carles Puigdemont would address the assembly at 6 p.m. (1600 GMT) on Tuesday. Madrid apologized for the first time on Friday for police use of violence in trying to hinder a weekend referendum it had declared illegal. That crackdown raised the temperature of a  confrontation that has grown into the worst political crisis for decades in Spain.  A Catalan legislator was quoted by El Mundo newspaper as saying secessionist parties in the Catalan parliament were discussing an independence declaration to be submitted to the assembly next Tuesday.  We are in talks about a text, with paper and pencil, on the declaration that we want the regional parliament to accept on Tuesday,  Carles Riera, a lawmaker from the pro-independence CUP (Popular Unity Candidacy), was quoted as saying.  Nobody has put forward any scenario of delay, ambiguity or confusion. We are not working on that scenario,  he said. The stakes are high for the euro zone s fourth-largest economy. Catalonia is the source of a huge chunk of its tax revenue and hosts multinationals from carmaker Volkswagen to drugs firm AstraZeneca (AZN.L). The Catalan region s head of foreign affairs, Raul Romeva, told the BBC earlier that the Catalan parliament intended to make a decision on independence, without specifying when.  Parliament will discuss, parliament will meet. It will be a debate and this is important,  Romeva said. The Spanish government stepped up economic pressure on the Catalan government on Friday by passing a law to make it easier for companies to move their operations around the country, potentially dealing a blow to the region s finances. Within hours of the government s move, CaixaBank (CABK.MC), Spain s third biggest lender and Catalonia s biggest company, said its board had decided to move its registered office to Valencia  in light of the current political and social situation in Catalonia . Catalonia-based utility Gas Natural (GAS.MC) said its board had decided to move its registered office to Madrid for as long as the legal uncertainty in Catalonia continued. They joined a number of other Catalonia-based companies, including Sabadell (SABE.MC), Spain s fifth-largest lender, that have already announced plans this week to move their registered offices elsewhere in Spain. Spain made a conciliatory gesture in apologizing for Sunday s referendum violence, where Spanish police used batons and rubber bullets to stop people voting. The scenes brought worldwide condemnation and fanned separatist feeling but failed to prevent what the Catalan government described as an overwhelming  yes  vote.  When I see these images, and more so when I know people have been hit, pushed and even one person who was hospitalized, I can t help but regret it and apologize on behalf of the officers that intervened,  Enric Millo, the Spanish government s representative in Catalonia, said in a television interview. The apology came after the Catalan newspaper La Vanguardia quoted sources in Puigdemont s party as saying a unilateral declaration of independence could be delayed if Madrid made a  gesture , such as withdrawing some Spanish police reinforcements from the region. Artur Mas, a former head of the Catalan government who was barred from public office for two years in March for staging an informal independence referendum in 2014, told the Financial Times on Friday that the region had yet to lay the groundwork for  real independence . He said there was a debate among Catalan leaders about whether now was the right time to unilaterally declare independence. Amid calls from many groups, including Barcelona soccer club, for a mediated solution to the standoff, Swiss state broadcaster RTS said neutral Switzerland was ready to help forge  dialogue between the Spanish government and Catalonia. The foreign ministry said Switzerland was in touch with Spain and Catalonia but conditions for talks were not yet ripe. Puigdemont has called for international mediation to find a way out of the impasse. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has offered all-party political talks to find a solution, opening the door to a deal giving Catalonia more autonomy, but only if the Catalan government gives up any independence ambitions.  You can t hold talks if people are outside the law,  Spanish government spokesman Inigo Mendez de Vigo told reporters after the weekly cabinet meeting. Final referendum results released by the Catalan regional government on Friday showed 90.18 percent support for breaking away among the nearly 2.3 million people who voted. But turnout was only about 43 percent as Catalans who favor remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the ballot. Secession could fuel separatist-nationalist divisions across the rest of Spain, which only this year saw ETA guerrillas in the northern Basque region lay down their arms after a campaign lasting almost half a century. Spanish ruling-party lawmakers say Rajoy is considering invoking the constitution to dissolve the regional parliament and force fresh Catalan elections if the region s government goes ahead with an independence declaration. Romeva s remarks about the Catalan parliament pressing ahead with an independence debate hit Spanish stocks and bonds, including shares in the region s two largest banks, Caixabank and Sabadell. In a separate development that could raise tensions, Catalan police chief Josep Lluis Trapero appeared in Spain s High Court on Friday to answer accusations he committed sedition by failing to enforce a court ban on holding the referendum. Opinion polls conducted before the vote suggest a minority of around 40 percent of residents in Catalonia back independence. ",1
18118,Catalonia showdown could unleash new euro crisis: EU lawmaker,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Catalonia s moves to seek independence from Spain could unleash a new euro crisis, Manfred Weber, head of the conservative bloc in the European Parliament, said in an interview published on Saturday. Weber told the German newspaper Bild the issue could lead to  European wildfire , adding:  A new euro crisis also cannot be excluded if the Catalonian regional government continues to escalate the conflict.  Weber called for urgent negotiations between the two sides. Catalonia s head of foreign affairs said on Friday the region s parliament would meet on Monday to debate independence, in defiance of a ruling by the country s Constitutional Court.  ",1
18119,"Trump, Macron discuss joint counterterrorism operations in Africa's Sahel","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump, speaking with French President Emmanuel Macron on Friday, discussed joint counterterrorism operations in the Sahel region of Africa, the White House said in a statement. The U.S. military said earlier on Friday that a fourth soldier was killed during an Oct. 4 attack in Niger, raising the death toll from an incident that has thrown a spotlight on the U.S. counterterrorism mission in the West African nation. Macron expressed his condolences over the shooting in Las Vegas on Sunday while Trump conveyed his condolences regarding the knife attack in Marseille on Monday, the statement said.    ",1
18120,Young German conservatives call for change after election losses,"DRESDEN, Germany (Reuters) - The youth wing of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives said on Friday the bloc had a credibility problem on migration and needed  new faces  after suffering big losses in the Sept. 24 national election. Merkel won a fourth term in office, but her Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian sister party saw their worst results since 1949, bleeding support to the far-right Alternative for Germany and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP). Merkel, who will address 1,000 delegates from the Young Union (JU) in Dresden on Saturday, will try to hammer out differences with Bavarian party leaders on Sunday about their call for an upper limit to migration. An agreement is needed before conservatives can enter into talks on a tricky three-way coalition with the FDP and the environmentalist Greens, an alignment untested thus far on a national level. The young conservatives   Dresden declaration  called for an  honest and unflinching questioning of our polices of the past years  given the election results.  Things cannot just continue as they were,  the declaration said.  Many people have the feeling that  those up there  have forgotten  us down here .  The declaration said conservatives had a  credibility problem  on the migration issue, but emphasized the group s wish for Merkel s continued leadership. At the same time, it said conservatives  should have the courage to represent the full spectrum of the party through new faces in government, the parliamentary group and party.  Deputy finance minister Jens Spahn, considered a possible successor to Merkel, drew sustained applause for a speech in which he blamed the government s migration policies for the election losses, and said conservative leaders had refused to acknowledge that fact or address the public s fears head on. The declaration did not demand an upper limit on migration as the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) has done, but said a clear limit on migration and a quota for refugees were needed.  What we don t need is uncontrolled immigration into our social welfare systems,  it said. Merkel and the Greens have rejected the call by the CSU for a migrant cap but there are signs that conservatives could agree on different wording.  I honestly don t care what it s called,  Spahn told delegates, adding that conservatives understood that some change was needed.  We got the message,  he said. Some members of Merkel s conservatives and potential coalition partners have called for an immigration law as a way to solve the issue. A new poll released by Focus magazine showed that 67 percent of Germans back the migrant cap demanded by the CSU, while 26 percent reject such a plan. ",1
18121,Iran open to talks over its ballistic missile programme: sources,"ANKARA/LONDON/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Iran has suggested to six world powers that it may be open to talks about its ballistic missile arsenal, seeking to reduce tension over the disputed programme, Iranian and Western officials familiar with the overtures told Reuters.  Tehran has repeatedly vowed to continue building up what it calls defensive missile capability in defiance of Western criticism, with Washington saying the Islamic Republic s stance violates its 2015 nuclear deal with the powers. But the sources said that given U.S. President Donald Trump s threats to ditch the deal reached under his predecessor Barack Obama, Tehran had approached the powers recently about possible talks on some  dimensions  of its missile programme.  During their meeting on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly last month, Iran told members of the (world powers) that it could discuss the missile programme to remove concerns,  an Iranian source with knowledge of the meeting told Reuters on condition of anonymity. U.S. and Western officials did not confirm the matter was discussed at the Zarif-Tillerson meeting. But two U.S. officials said Iran had recently been  keeping it alive  by feeding certain media reports and via third parties such as Oman. A former U.S. Defense Department official said Iran s overtures had reached Washington in recent weeks.  Iran has put feelers out saying it is willing to discuss its ballistic missile programme and is using contacts ...  officials who were  holdovers  from the Obama administration,  the former official said.  Iran s reported approach came after Trump called the nuclear accord  an embarrassment  and  the worst deal ever negotiated . He is expected to announce soon that he will decertify the deal, a senior administration official said on Thursday.  Such a step could unravel the breakthrough agreement - seen by supporters as crucial to forestalling a Middle East arms race and tamping down regional tensions, since it limits Iran s ability to enrich uranium in exchange for sanctions relief. The other five powers are Britain, France, Germany, Russia and China, all of whom have reaffirmed commitment to the deal. Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met his counterparts from the six powers, including U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson for the first time, on the fringes of the U.N. gathering on Sept. 20.  The Americans expressed their worries about Iran s missile capability and Zarif said in reply that the programme could be discussed, the Iranian source told Reuters.  A U.S. official with first-hand knowledge of dealings with the Islamic Republic said Zarif had been recycling offers that  have been lying dormant on the table for some time.  Zarif knows that if Trump goes ahead and decertifies Iran, it (Iran) will be on the high ground, and the U.S. will be isolated among the (six powers),  the official said.  Iran s Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi said on Friday Tehran s ballistic missile programme was for defence purposes only and non-negotiable.  Iran has in all bilateral diplomatic meetings, including the recent visit of ... Zarif to New York, emphasised that its defensive missile programme is not negotiable,  Qasemi was quoted as saying by Iranian media.  The U.S. mission at the United Nations referred Reuters to the U.S. State Department for comment. The State Department declined to comment on whether possible talks on missiles were addressed at the meeting or whether Iran had recently communicated such interest. But it said Washington remained committed to  countering the full range of threats the Iranian regime poses to the U.S., our allies, and regional stability, including its ballistic missile development . The Trump administration has imposed fresh unilateral sanctions on Iran, saying its missile tests violate the U.N. resolution that formalised the nuclear deal. It calls on Tehran not to undertake activities related to missiles capable of delivering nuclear bombs.  Iran says it has no such plans and denies breaching the resolution. Iran has one of the biggest ballistic missile programmes in the Middle East, viewing it as an essential precautionary defence against the United States and other adversaries, primarily Gulf Arab states and Israel. A senior Iranian official, who also asked not to be named, said pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani, Zarif and Revolutionary Guards commanders have had several meetings with Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who has the last say on all Iranian policy, to secure his backing for missile talks.  The leader was not optimistic during the meetings because he does not trust Americans. Others argued that the heightening tension over the missile programme could be resolved through talks,  said the official, involved in backroom negotiations. Any talks would not aim to end or suspend Iran s missile programme but to  negotiate some dimensions of it, like limiting production of some missiles with specific ranges , he said.  Diplomacy worked well in ending the nuclear stand-off ... The dispute over the missile programme also can be resolved through talks,  the official said. A third Iranian official said Tehran would be willing to discuss long-range missiles. He did not elaborate.   A U.S. official with extensive experience negotiating with Iran said  putting this out there publicly as Zarif has done puts pressure on the (Trump) administration . A Western official said the administration had assessed Zarif s approach to be  a stalling tactic by Tehran . Another Western official said Iran must present concrete details for missile talks:  What will need to be seen are the specifics on load capability, the distance range of missiles and how many kilograms can a missile warhead carry.   When asked if Iran appeared willing to negotiate on its missile programme, a French diplomat said:  We talk about everything with them, including the ballistic programme.   Our objective is that this leads to concrete acts. On the ballistic issue they repeat that it s all defensive and has nothing to do with nuclear.  ",1
18122,Cameroon army helicopters shot separatist protesters: witnesses,"DAKAR/BAMENDA, Cameroon (Reuters) - Troops and attack helicopters opened fire on protesters at the height of separatist rallies in English-speaking areas of Cameroon over the weekend, killing and wounding people, witnesses and rights groups said. The army dismissed the reports from sources in five towns as  completely false  and said helicopters had only been used for surveillance. Any use of air attacks would mark a major escalation in a government crackdown on separatist protests that have been rumbling in Anglophone districts of the central African oil producer for almost a year. Thousands took to the streets in towns across the Northwest and Southwest regions on Sunday, Oct. 1, calling for independence from the country s French-speaking majority.  Rights groups said they started to collect reports on ensuing violence in the areas bordering Nigeria as the week progressed. Eight people in the towns of Bamenda, Buea, Ndu, Tombel and Kumbo told Reuters that police and soldiers moved in to stop the protests and in some areas, low-flying attack helicopters fired tear gas and live rounds on the crowds. Etienne Ndage, a 31-year-old journalist for Savannah Frontier Radio in the northwest tea-plantation town of Ndu said he saw helicopters firing at around 1 pm local time, killing two protesters as a 1,000-strong march gained momentum.   They were firing like in a war film,  he told Reuters. Hilary Manjong, private secretary to a local Member of Parliament in Ndu, said witnesses had shared similar accounts with him.  Army spokesman Didier Badjeck dismissed the accounts.  Reports that the helicopters fired on protestors is completely false. The helicopters were only conducting surveillance,  he said. The government earlier this week said about 10 people had died on Sunday including five in a prison fire that may not have been linked to the protests. The governor of Southwest region, Bernard Okalia Bilai, told the Cameroon Tribune newspaper in an article published on Tuesday that protesters had ambushed soldiers in Kumba, forcing them to open fire in self defense. Amnesty International told Reuters on Thursday that more than 20 people were killed between Oct. 1 and 2.   Demonstrations began nearly a year ago when Anglophone lawyers and teachers protested against having to work in French, saying it showed the wider marginalization of the English-speaking minority.  The protests gained support and have increasingly called for Cameroon s five million English speakers to get their own country. The rallies have also have become a lightning rod for opposition to President Paul Biya s 35-year rule. Campaigners called more protests on Sunday, the anniversary of Anglophone Cameroon s independence from Britain. In the southwest town of Tombel, a resident who spoke on condition of anonymity told Reuters that a military helicopter came so low over the town center that the wind gusts threw a man off his motorbike.  First the helicopter fired teargas to disperse the crowd, then it opened fire, the resident said.  Normally they fire rubber bullets, but I could tell from the sound that these were real,  they added.  Outside Buea, police on the ground and a helicopter opened fire on protestors who had run into the bush to bypass a military checkpoint, said Louis Anuchem, a 35-year-old taxi driver from Buea.   The helicopter came close to the ground,  he added.  We heard the gunshots and the bullets coming through the trees,  he told Reuters. After the demonstrations police went door-to-door in some towns, rounding up young men and women, residents said.  Soldiers came to our neighborhood and broke into homes and carried boys away,  said Lanya Joel, a 21-year-old Kumba resident.  I am scared and will be away until it s all over.  Rights group the Southern Cameroon s Public Affairs Committee said in a report that a 12 year-old girl was shot by security forces from a helicopter in the town of Kumbo. The Bamenda Provincial Episcopal Conference of Anglophone Christian Bishops said in a statement this week that is was disturbed by reports that  some of our Christians were ... arrested, some maimed, and some were simply shot to death, some from helicopters.  Helene Mekem said her son was shot dead by security forces outside his home in Kumba on Sunday, even though he was not involved in the protests.  They are killing the innocent ones,  she told Reuters. ",1
18123,Final tally in New Zealand's inconclusive election to be released,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - A final tally in New Zealand s inconclusive election due to be released on Saturday could see opposition Labour and the Greens gain a few seats, but will still leave nationalist New Zealand First holding the balance of power. New Zealand First leader Winston Peters has said he will not make a decision on which party to back to form a coalition government until after the final count. Peters has held initial talks with Prime Minister Bill English and his ruling National Party and Labour leader Jacinda Ardern, but more formal talks will take place next week. Peters has said he will make a decision by Oct. 12. The National Party has won 58 seats in the 120-seat parliament, ahead of a possible coalition of 52 seats between Labour and the Greens. New Zealand First holds the balance of power with nine seats. Judging by past elections the National Party could lose one or two seats in the final tally, which will count special votes which make up 15 percent of ballots and include overseas votes, said Oliver Hartwich, executive director of think-tank New Zealand Initiative.  Labour or the Greens or both of them are going to pick up the seats from National. It would be quite surprising if they didn t because ... the special votes usually favor the left,  Hartwich said. Peters has in past elections formed coalition governments with both the National Party and Labour, and some analysts believe if Labour and the Greens gain more seats in the final tally it could make Peters more comfortable to again join them. Peters  policies are thought to have more in common with those of Labour - both want to curb immigration, renegotiate certain trade deals and adjust the role of the central bank albeit in different ways.  Nobody can really tell at the moment. He (Peters) has completely kept the cards (close) to his chest, nobody can read what he is going to do,  Hartwich said. While National and the Greens have enough seats to form a coalition government, Green Party leader James Shaw played down recent speculation that they may enter talks. The Greens have a working agreement with Labour. ",1
18124,At least six die during Colombia protest over coca crop removal,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - At least six farmers protesting the removal of coca crops, the base ingredient in cocaine, were killed during a confrontation in rural southwestern Colombia, President Juan Manuel Santos said on Friday. Santos ordered further investigation into the event, which took place on Thursday and also injured 19 people. The incident occurred in Narino province, near Tumaco, a key zone for coca growing. Reports on how exactly the six people died were contradictory. The defense ministry said on Thursday that a dissident group of ex-fighters from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebel group forced farmers to protest against police who were removing coca crops. The dissidents then fired on the officers and launched home-made missiles, hitting the farmers, the ministry said. But regional farmers  organizations accused the police and army of firing at the civilians to break up the protest and clear the way for the manual eradication of the crops. The majority of FARC fighters demobilized under a peace deal signed last year, but some dissident units remain involved in drug trafficking and illegal mining. The FARC, now a political party, has distanced itself from the dissidents.  We are verifying the exact way in which things occurred,  Santos said during a press conference.  We are investigating, I don t want to tie myself to any version of events until these investigations give us total clarity about what happened.  The events underlined the significant challenge that the drug trade represents to the peace process with the FARC, the head of the United Nations  mission in Colombia said.  The events reinforce our conviction at the United Nations of the necessity of giving coca farmers in affected regions all the means to escape the terrible choice between extreme poverty and illegality,  mission chief Jean Arnault told journalists. Subsistence farmers have often been obliged by rebel groups, paramilitaries and crime gangs to plant and harvest coca. Some also choose to grow the crop because illegal groups will pay more for it than farmers can earn at market with other products - a tempting possibility amid dire poverty. Coca cultivation reached levels not seen for a decade last year after the government banned aerial fumigation with glyphosate, an herbicide that has been linked to cancer. The prohibition has sparked criticism from the United States, which is set to give the Andean country more than $400 million in funding help for the FARC deal. Coca is cultivated on about 188,000 hectares (464,000 acres) across Colombia. The government wants to manually eradicate 100,000 hectares this year. ",1
18125,British PM May vows to stay as party plotters attempt to topple her,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday she would stay on as leader to provide stability after a former chairman of her  Conservative Party said he had garnered the support of 30 lawmakers who wanted her to quit. May is trying to face down a rebellion by some of her own lawmakers just as Britain enters a crucial stage in Brexit talks, 18 months before the country leaves the European Union and must redefine its place in the world. Some Conservative plotters say her authority is shattered beyond repair after a disastrous speech at her party s conference, which comes after she called a snap election and lost her party its majority in parliament. Speaking from her parliamentary constituency of Maidenhead in southern England, May said in a televised statement:  What the country needs is calm leadership and that s what I m providing with the full support of my cabinet.  Senior ministers rallied around May, who has just over a year to agree a divorce deal with the EU ahead of Britain s exit in March 2019. May said she planned to hold a scheduled meeting about Brexit with business leaders on Monday in Downing Street. But former party chairman Grant Shapps told BBC radio:  I think she should call a leadership election.  After May s bungled election, her failure to unite the cabinet and a poor party conference  the writing is on the wall,  he said. May s authority was already diminished by her decision to call a snap election in June that lost her party its majority in parliament days before Brexit talks opened. Though no Conservative ministers have publicly indicated any support for the plot, such a blunt demand for May to quit indicates the extent of her weakness while she attempts to navigate the intricacies of the negotiations to leave the EU. Her survival has so far been dependent on the absence of an obvious successor who could unite the party and the fear of an election that many Conservatives think would let opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn into power. Sterling fell earlier in the day but then rallied by around a quarter of a cent against the U.S. dollar following May s remarks. It later fell after U.S. payrolls data was released. May s speech to activists on Wednesday was ruined by coughing fits, a comedian handing her a bogus employment termination notice and by letters falling off the slogans on the set behind her. She had hoped to use the speech to her party in the northern English city of Manchester to revive her premiership.  Look, I ve had a cold all this week,  May said, adding that she would be updating lawmakers next week on her Brexit plans and introducing a draft bill to cap domestic energy prices. Shapps, who chaired the party between 2012 and 2015, said the plot to remove her existed before this week s party conference and included both supporters and opponents of Brexit. He said the group did not have a unified view on who should replace May. However, grassroots Conservative members did not share his desire for a change in leadership, said James Pearson, Vice President of the National Conservative Convention which represents the party s voluntary wing.  I don t think there s much support in the Conservative Party for Grant Shapps. I don t see this as anything that s really serious to be honest,  Pearson told Reuters.   The general feeling is we don t have the time or the appetite for a lengthy leadership election, nor do we actually want it,  Pearson, who sits on the Conservatives  Board, the party s ultimate decision-making body, added.     To trigger a formal leadership challenge, 48 Conservative lawmakers need to write to the chairman of the party s so-called 1922 committee.  Number 10 must be delighted to learn that it s Grant Shapps leading this alleged coup,  Charles Walker, vice-chairman of the 1922 committee, told BBC radio.  Grant has many talents, but one thing he doesn t have is a following in the party, so really I think this is now just going to fizzle out to be perfectly honest.  If May stays, talks on leaving the European Union will be guided by one of the weakest leaders in recent British history. EU diplomats and officials expressed astonishment about the uncertainty in London.  Supporters, including her most senior ministers, said she should remain in charge to deliver Brexit.     Under the headline  Theresa May will stay as Prime Minister and get the job done,  interior minister Amber Rudd wrote in The Telegraph newspaper that  she should stay . May s de facto deputy Damian Green said she would carry on. Environment Secretary Michael Gove also said he hoped she would continue.  I know that she is as determined as ever to get on with the job, she sees it as her duty to do so and she will carry on and she will make a success of this government,  Green, the first secretary of state, told BBC television. Many Conservative activists fear a leadership contest would exacerbate the divide in the party over Europe, an issue that helped sink the previous three Conservative prime ministers - David Cameron, John Major and Margaret Thatcher. A leadership contest could also pave the way for an election that some Conservatives worry could be won by Corbyn, whom they cast as a Marxist who would reverse decades of free market policies.  The Conservatives have no plan for Britain and their posturing will not deliver the change our country is crying out for,  Corbyn said on Friday. ",1
18126,Police tear-gas Kenyan vote protesters as crowds gather in cities,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Police fired tear gas on Friday at opposition protesters in Kenya s capital who were demanding that officials involved in August s canceled presidential election be sacked. Crowds had gathered in Nairobi, the port of Mombasa and Kisumu, the western stronghold of the opposition, for the second time this week. Last month, Kenya s Supreme Court voided the Aug. 8 presidential election, citing irregularities, but did not criticize any specific individual at the election board . President Uhuru Kenyatta, who officially won by 1.4 million votes, only to have his victory annulled, has accused the Supreme Court of bringing the country close to  judicial chaos . Opposition leader Raila Odinga and his supporters have turned their ire on the election board for its role in the canceled poll.  With three weeks to go until a scheduled new election, politicians from both sides have traded insults and accusations, raising fears of further turmoil in Kenya, a transport and economic hub for East Africa. The opposition is threatening to boycott the Oct. 26 re-run if election board officials are not removed and if parliament passes a proposed amendment to the election law. The amendment could prevent the Supreme Court from annulling the results on procedural grounds again. Parliamentarians return from recess next week and may pass the bill then, an action likely to spark further protests from the opposition.  In reaction to the expected vote next week, the United States, a major donor to the Kenyan government and its security forces, said in a sharply worded statement on Friday:  Changing electoral laws without broad agreement just prior to a poll is not consistent with international best practice (and) increases political tension.  It said all sides have undermined the electoral board in recent weeks and  stoked tensions.  Earlier on Friday, the  Nairobi county police commander said people would be allowed to protest, but anyone who tried to destroy property would  be dealt with firmly .  ",1
18127,Armed force claims victory in Libyan migrant smuggling hub,"TRIPOLI/TUNIS (Reuters) - An armed alliance involved in a three-week battle over the Libyan smuggling hub of Sabratha said it had taken control of the coastal city on Friday. A group called the Operations Room and its allies have been fighting the Anas al-Dabbashi brigade, a major facilitator of migrant smuggling that recently said it had changed tack and struck a deal with the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli to stop boats setting off across the Mediterranean.  Sabratha city has been liberated from the militias   the Dabbashi militias and their alliance,  said Operations Room spokesman Saleh Graisia.  Now the city is fully controlled by the Operations Room ... the militias have escaped to the west.  A senior member of the Dabbashi brigade confirmed that its men had retreated.  It is over,  he said in a message sent to Reuters.  They took over Sabratha.  The setback for the Dabbashi brigade creates new uncertainty over control of future migrant flows from Libya.       Since a 2016 deal between the EU and Turkey to block crossings in the Aegean, Libya has been the gateway for the vast majority of migrants trying to reach Europe by boat, and the area around Sabratha has been the most common departure point. From July, the number of crossings dropped sharply, a change attributed to increased activity by Libya s EU-trained coastguard and to the Dabbashi brigade blocking departures in return for offers of an amnesty and jobs in the security forces. The head of the Dabbashi brigade, Ahmed al-Dabbashi, said his men were then targeted by opponents who wanted to continue smuggling. Rivalries in Sabratha are also tied into overlapping political, ideological, tribal and economic differences. Both the Dabbashi brigade and the Operations Room, which was created last year to force Islamic State militants from Sabratha, have links to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord (GNA). Since 2015, the Dabbashi brigade has guarded an oil and gas facility west of Sabratha run jointly by Libya s National Oil Corporation (NOC) and Italian firm Eni. Italian officials have visited Sabratha as part of efforts to block migrant flows from there. The Libyan National Army (LNA), which has opposed the GNA and is headed by prominent commander Khalifa Haftar, has also claimed ties to the Operations Room, leading to fears that the clashes in Sabratha could lead to a broader escalation of the conflict which developed in Libya after a 2011 uprising. The LNA is based in eastern Libya but is seeking to expand its reach in the west of the country. Milad al-Zawi, a spokesman for the LNA s special forces, said this week that around 40 of its soldiers had been fighting in Sabratha.    We hope that Sabratha is a good sign for the LNA,  he said on Friday. The GNA also welcomed developments in Sabratha, expressing  deep satisfaction  and claiming the Operations Room as its own. The fighting in Sabratha has left dozens dead and injured and has caused extensive damage to residential areas. The city s Roman ruins, which are a UNESCO world heritage site, have also been damaged.   Sabratha s municipal council appealed on Friday for displaced families not to return to their homes until they had been checked for explosives.  The military engineering unit is working to defuse booby traps inside the city,  said Operations Room spokesman Graisia. ",1
18128,Ageing German 'super-spy' convicted of tax evasion,"BOCHUM, Germany (Reuters) - A 77-year-old spy, known as Germany s James Bond for his secret missions during and after the Cold War, was convicted of tax evasion on Thursday and handed a suspended two-year sentence.  Werner Mauss, whose career spanned 40 years, says on his website that he was involved in smashing more than 100 criminal gangs and in the arrests of around 2,000 individuals. In a trial that has been going on for about a year, Mauss - who wore a hooded jacket in court - was accused of concealing millions of euros from German tax authorities in offshore accounts between 2002 and 2011.  Ultimately, the extent of the damage is only one aspect to consider (in determining the sentence),  said Volker Talarowski, spokesman of the court in Bochum.  All aspects have to be considered, among them the age of the defendant. The defendant is 77 years old and he has never been sentenced, and he has achieved a special life s work.  German authorities say nothing about Mauss. But media credit him with being one of Germany s most distinguished undercover agents. The Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper said he had had 100 different identities and a line to the chancellor s office. The charges were raised after the Sueddeutsche Zeitung  named him as being involved with shell companies exposed by the  Panama Papers , documents leaked by law firm Mossack Fonseca.  He is one of the most mysterious figures in post-war German history. He was used by countries, companies and individuals as a private agent,  the newspaper said at the time.  He worked for the German foreign and domestic intelligence agencies and the police.  They named him  the Institution M.  Mauss argued the offshore accounts were set up by third parties to pay for undercover missions, such as the freeing of hostages. He says he was involved in finding treasure from Cologne Cathedral hidden near Belgrade in the 1970s and catching the robbers.  He also says he helped in the arrest of Red Army Faction militant Rolf Pohle in Athens, as well as being involved in hostage releases in Lebanon and Colombia.  ",1
18129,"Iran says missile program non-negotiable, denies Reuters report: agency","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran said on Friday its ballistic missile program was for defense purposes only and non-negotiable, denying a Reuters report that Tehran may be open to discussing the controversial program with major powers.  Iran has in all bilateral diplomatic meetings ...  emphasized that its defensive missile program is not negotiable and that it is not inconsistent with UN Security Council resolution 2231,   Mehr news agency quoted Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi as saying.  A Reuters report on Friday, quoting Iranian and Western officials familiar with the overtures, said Iran has suggested to six world powers that it may be open to talks about its ballistic missile arsenal aimed at reducing tension over the disputed program.  ",1
18130,Syrian army ousts IS from last central Syria pocket: military source,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian military has cleared Islamic State from its last pocket of territory in central Syria after months of fighting, a Syrian military source said on Friday. The enclave east of the Syrian city of Homs had lain close to the main road running between the cities of Homs and Aleppo near the town of al-Salamiya.  The armed forces completed military operations in the eastern Homs countryside, eliminating the last groups of the terrorist Islamic State in the area and liberating an area of 1,800 square kilometers,  the military source said. Islamic State has lost swathes of Syrian territory to separate campaigns being waged by Syria s army, supported by Russian forces and Iran-backed militias, and by the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), which is dominated by the Kurdish YPG militia. Government forces and their allies are trying to oust Islamic State from its remaining Syrian positions in the eastern province of Deir al-Zor. Last month the Syrian army s advance to Deir al-Zor city lifted a three-year-long siege imposed by Islamic State on a government-held enclave there. On Friday Syrian forces reached the edge of Islamic State s current main base in Syria, al-Mayadin, which lies around 45 km (28 miles) to the south of Deir al-Zor city. ",1
18131,Saudi Arabia says U.N. report on Yemen 'inaccurate and misleading',"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia on Friday rejected a United Nations report blaming a Saudi-led military coalition for killing or injuring 683 children in Yemen and attacking dozens of schools and hospitals as  inaccurate and misleading.    We exercise the maximum degree of care and precaution to avoid civilian harm,  Saudi U.N. Ambassador Abdallah Al-Mouallimi told reporters at the United Nations.  In a report submitted to the U.N. Security Council on Thursday, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres blacklisted the Saudi-led coalition for its 2016 actions - even as he said it had taken action to improve child protection.  The kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the coalition reaffirm that it is taking important measures to protect civilians during all military operations to end the suffering of the Yemeni people and minimize the humanitarian cost,  Mouallimi said.   We reject the inaccurate and misleading information and figures contained in the report and we express our strong reservation with respect to this information,  he said.  The coalition had been briefly added to the U.N. blacklist last year and removed by then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon pending review. At the time, Ban accused Saudi Arabia of exerting  unacceptable  undue pressure after sources told Reuters that Riyadh threatened to cut some U.N. funding. Saudi Arabia denied this. In an effort to dampen controversy surrounding the report, the blacklist this year is split into two categories. One lists parties that have put in place measures to protect children,  which includes the Saudi-led military coalition, and the other includes parties that have not. The report does not subject those listed to U.N. action but rather shames parties to conflicts in the hope of pushing them to implement measures to protect children. Yemen has been devastated by more than two years of civil war in which President Abd-Rabu Mansour Hadi s government, backed by the Saudi-led coalition, is fighting to drive the Houthis out of cities they seized in 2014 and 2015. More than 10,000 people have been killed and the conflict has ruined the economy and pushed millions to the brink of famine.  Mouallimi blamed the Iran-allied Houthi rebels and forces loyal to Yemen s ex-President Ali Abdullah Saleh for putting civilians at risk, including using children as human shields. The U.N. blacklist also named the Houthi rebel group, Yemen government forces, pro-government militia and Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula for violations against children in 2016. ",1
18132,Venezuela opposition says ballot sheet unfair for Oct. 15 vote,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s opposition said on Friday the pro-government election board was seeking to skew regional elections in favor of President Nicolas Maduro s ruling socialists by including the names of candidates defeated in primaries on the ballot.  After street protests that led to at least 125 deaths and failed to dislodge Maduro earlier in the year, the opposition has shifted its focus to Oct. 15 elections for the governors of Venezuela s 23 states. The socialists currently hold 20 states, but a crushing economic crisis has dented their popularity and the opposition now has majority support, polls show.  The Democratic Unity coalition is targeting winning 18 governorships, but fears a confusing electronic ballot sheet could hurt its vote.  Despite opposition primaries to choose a single candidate per state from the several dozen parties in the coalition, the election board is keeping all the original aspirants  names on. So instead of seeing one opposition candidate versus one Socialist Party candidate, voters will see various faces of opposition candidates, potentially causing confusion and diluting the vote to the benefit of the government.   That s the fraud the government wants to commit,  coalition official Tomas Guanipa told a news conference of the election board s stance, which was ratified by the similarly pro-Maduro Supreme Court on Thursday.  We invite all Venezuelans who can see how the government is trying to mock them and put up obstacles, to come out and vote massively for the unity candidate in the states. The government s tricks will become a boomerang.  Election board officials did not respond to accusations of bias, but said the ballot was now set and would not be changed. Government officials have said the rules are fair, and the opposition is simply seeking to justify possible violent actions after the vote.         While the opposition wants the Oct. 15 vote to demonstrate Maduro s unpopularity and undermine his power at regional level, the government is trumpeting the election as proof against growing criticism Venezuela has become a dictatorship. ",1
18133,J&F calls Brazil judge decision to freeze assets 'legally fragile',"SAO PAULO (Reuters) - A decision on Friday by a Brazilian federal judge to freeze the assets and companies of the billionaire Batista family is  legally fragile  because it is based on newspaper reports and not on prior judicial rulings, the lawyers representing the family s investment holding company J&F Investimentos SA said. In a statement, the lawyers said a decision by Federal Judge Ricardo Leite of the 10th District Court of Bras lia demanding the family deposits 1.6 billion reais ($506 million) to compensate state development bank BNDES is unjustified because J&F was to pay a slightly bigger fine as part of a May leniency accord. Earlier in the day, Leite ordered the assets of the Batistas be frozen as part of an investigation. ($1 = 3.1615 reais) ",1
18134,Italy high court upholds four-year sentence on veteran banker Geronzi,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s highest court on Friday upheld a four-year jail sentence on the former chairman of Generali Cesare Geronzi for his role in the 2003 bankruptcy of food company Cirio. The decision, by the Rome-based Court of Cassation, is final and cannot be appealed. However, three of the four years will be wiped out under a national amnesty and Geronzi, a symbol of old-style Italian capitalism, will not actually serve any jail time because of his age, 82. In April 2015 an appeals court had handed Geronzi a four- year prison sentence for bankruptcy, confirming the previous sentence in a long court battle that started in 2003.  Geronzi s lawyers over the years have argued that he had no specific powers over Cirio at the time of its bankruptcy, when he was at the helm of lender Capitalia, and that he had acted correctly. The Rome Court of Cassation also ordered on Friday a new trial for Cirio s ex-chief, Sergio Cragnotti, who was handed a sentence of eight years and eight months in 2015. ",1
18135,Conditions not ripe for role in Spain-Catalonia talks: Swiss,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Neutral Switzerland is in touch with Spain and Catalonia about resolving a row over the region s moves towards independence but conditions for promoting talks are not yet ripe, the foreign ministry in Bern said on Friday.  Facilitation can only be provided if both parties request it. Switzerland is in contact with both parties, but the conditions for facilitation are not in place at this stage,  a spokesman said by email in response to a query. He described the situation in Catalonia as an internal Spanish political matter and said Switzerland respected the sovereignty of Spain. ",1
18136,Final results in banned Catalan independence vote put 'yes' on 90.18 percent: regional government,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Final results in last weekend s banned Catalan referendum on independence from Spain showed  yes  votes winning 90.18 percent of votes cast against 7.83 percent of  no  votes, the Catalan regional government said. The Catalan government put voter turnout at nearly 2.3 million people, or around 43 percent of registered voters. The referendum was declared illegal by the Spanish government and courts. Catalans who favor remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the ballot and many polling stations were closed. ",1
18137,Europe rights watchdog says Turkey's emergency laws go too far,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A leading European rights watchdog called on Turkey on Friday to ease post-coup state of emergency laws that have seen thousands arrested and restore power to regional authorities. President Tayyip Erdogan has overseen a mass purge in the armed forces and the judiciary, as well as a crackdown on critics including academics and journalists since a failed military coup in July last year.  An advisory body to the Council of Europe, of which Turkey is a member, acknowledged in a report  the need for certain extraordinary steps taken by Turkish authorities to face a dangerous armed conspiracy .  However...Turkish authorities have interpreted these extraordinary powers too extensively,  said the experts, known as the Venice Commission, in an opinion that has no legal force. It urged Ankara to lift laws allowing it to pick mayors, deputy mayors and members of local councils outside of local elections, a reference to rules the Turkish government has used to replace local pro-Kurdish politicians across the largely Kurdish southeast of the country. The experts at the Council of Europe, Europe s leading human rights organization with 47 member states, recommended Turkey set a time limit on the emergency rules and ensure proper judicial oversight of any counter-terrorism measures. Erdogan has accused U.S.-based, Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen of orchestrating the coup, in which 250 people were killed. Gulen has denied involvement.  Since then, more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over links to Gulen, while 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the public and private sectors. Rights groups and Turkey s Western allies - including the European Union - have been taken aback by the scale of the purge, sounding alarm that Erdogan was using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government in Turkey, a NATO member, says it must neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network deeply rooted in the army, schools and courts. ",1
18138,"Murdoch's UK paper arm admits computer hacking, fuelling criticism of Sky takeover","LONDON (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch s British newspaper group said on Friday one of its titles had hacked the computer of a former intelligence officer, an admission which critics said showed why his takeover of European broadcaster Sky should be blocked. In a hearing at London s High Court, Murdoch s News Group Newspapers admitted  vicarious liability  for the hacking of computers belonging to Ian Hurst, who worked for British military intelligence. The case comes a month after Britain s media minister said regulators should scrutinize Murdoch s planned $15 billion takeover of Sky over concerns about broadcasting standards and its impact on media plurality. Hurst s lawyer Jeremy Reed said in a court statement the Irish edition of the News of the World newspaper had hired a private investigator to intercept his client s emails in 2006.  Hurst had served in Northern Ireland and later wrote a book about his experiences, including details of Britain s top spy in the Irish Republican Army (IRA), Alfredo Scappaticci, known by the codename  Stakeknife .  Reed said it was likely he was targeted because an employee of the newspaper wanted to trace Scappaticci.  I confirm that News Group Newspapers ... accepts vicarious liability for the wrongful acts of computer interception,  said Anthony Hudson, the lawyer for the newspaper group, adding it had paid  substantial  damages to Hurst and his family.  News Group Newspapers accepts that such activity happened, accepts that it should never have happened, and has undertaken to the court that it will never happen again.  Opponents of Murdoch s takeover said the case was evidence the deal should not be allowed to go through and they would send a dossier to the Competition & Markets Authority (CMA) which is examining the proposed deal.  It s vital that the CMA is able to take this new evidence of criminality and corporate failure into account as it assesses the Murdochs  bid to take over Sky,  said Tom Watson, deputy leader of Britain s opposition Labour Party.      Murdoch shut the News of the World in 2011 after its journalists were found to have been involved in widespread phone-hacking.    His original attempt to buy full control of Sky was ditched in the wake of the scandal. Since then the company has been split in two, separating the newspapers from entertainment assets to help to smooth the deal s passage. Last month Murdoch s son James said he was confident regulators would assess the deal on its merits and not be swayed by those with grievances against his father s newspapers, saying the company had dealt effectively with past problems. ",1
18139,Munich prosecutors say nearing end of Austrian Eurofighter probe,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Munich prosecutors said on Friday they expect to complete their investigations into Airbus s $2 billion sale in 2003 of Eurofighter combat jets to Austria. The deal has been the subject of investigation by Austrian and German prosecutors for years.  Our investigation is about to come to an end. We aim to complete the proceeding soon,  a spokeswoman for Munich prosecutors said, but declined to comment on a report by German weekly Der Spiegel that said the authority would file charges soon. The Munich authority is focusing on whether money supposedly spent on so-called offset deals, which are common in large arms deals to provide business for local firms, was instead used to influence decision-makers on the main sale. Munich prosecutors are investigating 16 people on suspicion of breach of trust, according to the spokeswoman. Airbus, which has repeatedly denied all allegations, said when asked for comment:  Neither the prosecutors  investigations in Munich and Vienna nor our own extensive investigations have led to evidence suggesting bribery in connection with the sale of Eurofighter jets to Austria.      Vienna prosecutors are pursuing a separate investigation into allegations of fraud against Airbus and the Eurofighter industrial consortium based on complaints from the Austrian defense ministry, which is seeking up to 1.1 billion euros ($1.3 billion) in compensation. Last month Airbus again denied any wrongdoing in a submission to the Austrian prosecutors and threatened the country s defense minister with legal action. The Munich prosecutors are investigating where millions of euros ended up which Airbus - EADS at the time - paid to a now defunct company between 2005 and 2010, the spokeswoman said.  The Austrian proceedings continue independently of the German investigation, a Vienna prosecutor s spokesman said, adding that he could not say when a decision might be taken on whether to file charges. An Austrian parliamentary inquiry into the Eurofighter deal found no evidence of bribery or that Airbus and its partners illegally influenced Austrian politicians. ",1
18140,EU should take advantage of drop in migrant influx: OECD'S Gurria,"PARIS (Reuters) - European Union countries should take advantage of a slowdown in the flow of migrants from Africa and the Middle East to devise a more coherent approach to a crisis that has strained relations between member states, the head of the OECD said on Friday.   In the first six months of 2017, the number of people landing on European shores reached 85,000, only about a tenth as many as at the peak of the migration crisis in the second half of 2015, according to data from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.  Right now we have an opportunity. There is a little bit of a breathing space,  Secretary General Angel Gurria said in an interview.  But I think we should use the opportunity of this quiet period to be able to have a better approach because, eventually, there are some 3.3 million refugees in Turkey and almost two million in Lebanon and Jordan. If they start moving, there is going to be a problem,  he said.   Citing the example of migrant arrivals from Libya, Gurria said Italy should not be left to carry the burden alone.    Italy cannot do this on their own (logistically). And they also cannot do it on their own financially,  Gurria said. Gurria, who has repeatedly highlighted the benefits of migration, said illegal immigrants who had come to the United States as children, the so-called  dreamers , were entitled to U.S citizenship. Last month, President Donald Trump s administration ended the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy (DACA), which began in 2012 under former U.S. president Barack Obama, and has been sending conflicting signals since about its future. The program has allowed nearly 800,000  dreamers  to work legally in the U.S without being deported.  These are American citizens,  Gurria said.   Some of them don t even speak the language of the country where they came from. They grew up in the U.S, went to school in the U.S,  he added.  Now, in many cases, because they are becoming adults, they will enrich the U.S. economy. We believe very strongly that this is where they belong.  ",1
18141,"North Korean workers operating in closed, South-invested factory zone","SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korean workers are operating in the Kaesong industrial zone, state-run web sites said on Friday, after the joint venture with South Korea was suspended last year amid disagreement over the North s nuclear and missile programmes. The South ended more than a decade of cooperation at the factory park on the North Korean side of the demilitarized zone (DMZ) after the North launched a rocket that put an object into orbit, closing the last remaining window of interaction between the two sides.  At the time, South Korea said it would no longer allow funds paid for Kaesong to be used in the North s missile and nuclear programmes. Since then, a South Korean official has said there is no evidence that North Korea diverted wages paid to its workers by South Korean companies operating in the park to its weapons programmes.  They do not even see our proud workers labouring vigorously working in the Kaesong industrial complex,  North Korea s propaganda web site Meari (arirangmeari.com) said in a post dated Friday.  Another propaganda web site, Uriminzokkiri, said  it is nobody s business what we do in an industrial complex where our nation s sovereignty is exercised .  U.S.-funded broadcaster Radio Free Asia reported on Monday that North Korean authorities were operating 19 clothing factories within the Kaesong complex without informing South Korean authorities, citing an unnamed source with knowledge of North Korean matters in China.  An official at South Korea s Ministry of Unification said North Korea must not violate South Korean firms  property rights within the complex, wire service Yonhap reported.  The ministry could not be immediately reached for comment. Reclusive North Korea and the rich, democratic South are technically still at war because their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. In recent weeks, North Korea has launched two missiles over Japan and conducted its sixth nuclear test, and may be fast advancing toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said last weekend that Washington was directly communicating with Pyongyang on its nuclear and missile programmes but that Pyongyang had shown no interest in dialogue. U.S. President Donald Trump later dismissed any prospect of talks with North Korea as a waste of time. ",1
18142,Between Berlin and Bavaria: Merkel's uneasy allies,"WEGSCHEID, Germany (Reuters) - Two years ago, Wegscheid was on the front lines of Europe s refugee crisis. When Germany voted last week, the village, like many along the Austrian border, swung hard to the far right, straining Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative alliance. After bruising election losses, Merkel is trying to patch together a tricky three-way coalition of her conservatives and their Bavarian allies, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), and the environmentalist Greens. Her task is complicated by the Bavarian conservatives, who  worry about losing their regional dominance in a state election next year. To win support, they are demanding a controversial cap on the number of migrants entering Germany. Merkel dismisses the cap as unconstitutional. The Greens reject it too. On Sunday, the chancellor s Christian Democrats (CDU) and the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) - sister parties - will meet to try to resolve their differences. Both suffered heavy losses in the Sept. 24 federal election to the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, which won seats in the national parliament for the first time. All along Germany s southern border, where in 2015 thousands of refugees fleeing war in the Middle East poured into Germany, voters deserted the CSU for the AfD. In Passau, the electoral district where Wegscheid lies, the CSU s vote fell 13.4 points from four years ago to 40.5 percent - a low figure in Bavaria, often jokingly called a one-party state. The AfD s share shot up 12.1 points.   The politicians are to blame for the AfD being elected,  said pensioner Reinhold Turtschan in the baroque market square of nearby Deggendorf, where the AfD s vote soared by 15.2 points, mirroring the CSU s 15.6 point fall.  The asylum seekers, I don t want to criticize them, but they get so much money while we pensioners have to be so careful with our finances just to get through the month,  he said. The setback in a wealthy, conservative state where the CSU has reigned without a break since the late 1950s has prompted recriminations within the party, with some blaming Merkel s 2015 decision to open the borders to a million migrants. For decades, the CSU has been a national player thanks to its unassailable strength in Bavaria, allowing it to contribute up to a fifth of the joint conservative bloc s lawmakers. The mountainous south-eastern state with its distinctive dialect, lederhosen leather shorts and traditional dirndl dresses rose from Germany s poorest, most agricultural state after World War Two to one of its richest regions today. Now the CSU is in a bind over how best to recover. Those who blame the refugee crisis for the AfD s success demand an immigration ceiling of 200,000 refugees a year. The CDU rejects the idea. Highlighting their tensions, the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper this week reported CSU leader Horst Seehofer as saying his party and Merkel s CDU faced their biggest challenge since 1976 - when his predecessor Franz-Josef Strauss threatened to break up their alliance. On Sunday, two sister parties will sit down to agree a common program ahead of coalition talks with the other two parties. Alexander Dobrindt, the CSU s chief in the national parliament, described the cap as  non-negotiable . But by holding firm to avoid being outflanked by the AfD, the CSU risks alienating the Greens, who reject an upper limit. In Wegscheid, where in the summer of 2015 residents grew used to being awakened by migrants rapping on windows asking for directions in the dead of night, the mayor, Lothar Venus, doubts the answer is so simple.  The AfD only has one theme, refugees. But Germany s issues go far further,  he said, standing by the border crossing where people smugglers would drop refugees off, leaving them to walk across the bridge into Germany. He blamed Seehofer, who faces calls for his own resignation, for pushing for a cap he cannot deliver rather than focusing on infrastructure failings, such as poor mobile coverage and slow Internet, that residents complain about. Michael Mayer, a historian at the Academy for Political Education near Munich, said moving right was risky for the CSU.  It s the mistake people have always made in Europe: running after the far right first strengthens them and then you lose votes yourself,  he said. ",1
18143,Factbox: German coalition watch: Merkel seeks three-way alliance,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel won a fourth term in office in a German national election on Sept. 24, but a fractured vote that brings the far-right into parliament means she is trying to work out a three-way coalition untested at federal level. The new alliance would compromise Merkel s conservative bloc - her Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) - along with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens. Such a three-way tie-up is called a  Jamaica  coalition in reference to the three parties  colors: black, yellow and green, which match those of the Jamaican flag. To secure a coalition agreement, the unlikely allies must overcome differences on a range of issues including immigration policy, Europe, tax and the environment. Following are coalition-related remarks from senior officials:  I advise calm. A way will be found.    With good will on all sides, it is possible. But it is not easy.   I consider such an alliance to be very difficult. In any case, we will enter seriously into talks with the Greens and FDP. Whether this can be successful is strongly dependent on the flexibility of the Greens.   We will conduct these discussions responsibly.   After the years of a  grand coalition  and voters  clear rejection of it ... Jamaica could mean a new, fresh wind for Germany. Maybe it s even a little bit sexy.   The number of refugees coming to us has to be reduced.  On disagreement between Merkel s CDU and Bavarian CSU over a cap on migrants:   I am sure we will come to a common position.   On an Oct. 8 meeting between the CDU and CSU to discuss a common position before any exploratory talks with FDP or Greens:  I don t expect clarity to be achieved in one meeting. It is not about where to put a comma, this is about fundamentals.  He described the CSU s demand for a cap on refugees as  non-negotiable . In separate comments:  We have to make sure that a year like 2015 is not repeated. The integrative capacity of our country has an upper limit.   We are against a rigid upper limit on the admission of asylum seekers. But we must talk about a limit to the integration capacity of our country.   There can be no upper limit.   We should not focus on red lines, but rather on common horizons.  (French President Emmanuel) Macron is a godsend. More cooperation in crime fighting, the military, asylum, energy and digital is within reach.  In separate comments:  We need there to be a way to leave the euro without having to leave the European Union.  Conservative Wolfgang Schaeuble has agreed to relinquish the post of finance minister to become president of parliament, clearing the way for another party to take the key ministry.  It would be fine to have a Green finance minister who cuts the tax burden on the middle classes.  In separate comments:  The uptake of new debts must still be ruled out. (Tax) relief and investments must be made possible in another way.   In case the FDP becomes part of the government, a new fiscal policy will be of central importance.  ",1
18144,Anti-nuclear campaign group wins 2017 Nobel Peace Prize,"OSLO/GENEVA (Reuters) - A campaign group seeking a global ban on nuclear arms won the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday, given the award by a Nobel Committee that cited the spread of weapons to North Korea and said the risk was growing of nuclear war. The award to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) was unexpected, particularly in a year when the architects of the 2015 nuclear deal between world powers and Iran had been seen as favorites for achieving the sort of diplomatic breakthrough that has won the prize in the past. (Graphics on 'Nobel Laureates' - here) Supporters described the award as a potential breakthrough for a global movement that has fought to ban nuclear arms from the day the first atomic bomb was dropped on the Japanese city of Hiroshima in August 1945. ICAN s Executive Director Beatrice Fihn told Reuters the group was elated.  This. Is. Surreal.  she later tweeted. Asked if she had a message for North Korea s Kim Jong-Un, who has tested nuclear arms in defiance of global pressure, and President Donald Trump, who has threatened to  totally destroy  North Korea to protect the United States and its allies, Fihn said both leaders need to know that the weapons are illegal.  Nuclear weapons are illegal. Threatening to use nuclear weapons is illegal. Having nuclear weapons, possessing nuclear weapons, developing nuclear weapons, is illegal, and they need to stop,  she told Reuters.  Two days before her group won the prize, Fihn had tweeted that Trump was  a moron . She told Reuters she had written this in jest, in the context of news reports that U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had used the same word to describe his boss. But she said Trump s impulsive character illustrated the importance of banning nuclear arms for all countries.  A man you can bait with a tweet seems to be taking irrational decisions very quickly and not listening to expertise, it just puts a spotlight on what do nuclear weapons really mean. There are no right hands for the wrong weapons,  she said. ICAN describes itself as a coalition of grassroots non-government groups in more than 100 nations. It began in Australia and was officially launched in Vienna in 2007. In her speech announcing the prize, Berit Reiss-Andersen, the leader of the Norwegian Nobel Committee, said the risk that nuclear weapons might be used was now  greater than it has been for a long time .  Some states are modernizing their nuclear arsenals, and there is a real danger that more countries will try to procure nuclear weapons, as exemplified by North Korea.  The award was hailed by anti-nuclear campaigners around the world.  Now more than ever we need a world without nuclear weapons,  United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres tweeted. Mikiso Iwasa, an 88-year-old Hiroshima survivor, told Reuters the prize would help push the movement forward.  It is wonderful we have this Nobel Peace-Prize winning movement. All of us need to join forces, think hard and walk forward together to turn this momentum into something even bigger,  he said. The prize seeks to bolster the case for disarmament amid nuclear tensions between Washington and Pyongyang, as well as uncertainty over the fate of the 2015 deal between Iran and major powers to limit Tehran s nuclear program. The prize-giving committee made no mention of Iran in its award citation. It raised eyebrows with its decision to award the prize to an international campaign group with a relatively low profile, rather than recognize the Iran deal, a complex agreement hammered out over years of high-stakes diplomacy.  Norwegian Nobel Committee has its own ways, but the nuclear agreement with Iran achieved something real and would have deserved a prize,  tweeted Carl Bildt, a former Swedish prime minister who has held top posts as an international diplomat. The Iran accord, which Trump has repeatedly called  the worst deal ever negotiated , is seen as under particular threat this week. A senior administration official said on Thursday Trump is expected to  decertify  the pact, a step which could allow Congress to restore sanctions on Iran. The committee may have been reluctant to reward the Iranian government for its role in the nuclear deal because the only Iranian winner so far, 2003 laureate Shirin Ebadi, a lawyer and human rights campaigner, is forced to live in exile.  I think the committee has thought about the human rights situation in Iran. It would have been difficult to explain the prize even though it has a favorable view of the Iran deal,  Asle Sveen, a historian of the Nobel Peace Prize, told Reuters.  The Norwegian Nobel Committee denied that giving the prize to an anti-nuclear group was intended either as a rebuke to Trump, or as a snub to the architects of the Iran nuclear deal.  The Iran treaty is a positive development, a disarmament development that is positive, but the reason we mentioned North Korea (in our statement) is a reference to the threat that people actually feel,  Reiss-Andersen told Reuters.  Iran has not voiced recent threats to use nuclear weapons.  ICAN has campaigned for a U.N. Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, which was adopted by 122 nations in July this year. That agreement is not signed by   and would not apply to   any of the states that already have nuclear arms, which include the five U.N. Security Council permanent members, the United States, Russia, China, Britain and France, as well as India, Pakistan and North Korea. Israel is also widely assumed to have nuclear weapons, although it neither confirms nor denies it. Major allies of the declared nuclear powers also oppose the new treaty. Nevertheless, campaigners see it as a framework that would make it easier for countries that have nuclear arms to work toward eliminating them. NATO member Norway congratulated ICAN but said it would not sign the treaty to ban nuclear weapons. The Nobel Peace Prize is awarded by a committee appointed by the Norwegian parliament.  Norway will not support proposals in the UN that would weaken NATO s role as a defence alliance,  Prime Minister Erna Solberg said. Nuclear-armed nations, including the United States and Russia, back the U.N. s 1968 nuclear non-proliferation treaty which sets limits on the spread of atomic weapons and has a long-term goal of nuclear disarmament.  There is a strong logic in this peace prize,  said Dan Smith, director of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute  It s all about encouraging governments to do what they have promised to do in the non-proliferation treaty.  ($1 = 8.1556 Swedish crowns) ",1
18145,Catalan leader Puigdemont to address Catalan parliament on Tuesday evening,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont will address the regional parliament next Tuesday on the  current political situation,  the Catalan parliament said on Twitter. The speaker of the Catalan assembly, Carme Forcadell, has called the plenary session for 6 pm (1600 GMT) on Tuesday, it said. ",1
18146,Japan's Dentsu gets only small fine for overtime breaches despite outcry,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Dentsu Inc was fined just 500,000 yen ($4,400) after a Tokyo court ruled it had made employees work overtime beyond legal limits - a case that followed a high profile death from overwork at the advertising giant. Labour practices at Dentsu, renowned for its hard-driving work culture, came under scrutiny after employee Matsuri Takahashi committed suicide in 2015 at the age of 24. The government later ruled she died of  karoshi  - literally  death by overwork . The case prompted national soul-searching and helped spur government plans for sweeping reforms of labor laws. Even so, the problem of karoshi has once again been thrust into the spotlight this week, with public broadcaster NHK disclosing that a 31-year-old reporter died four years ago of overwork. Prosecutors had charged Dentsu for making Takahashi and three others work overtime beyond limits agreed with the company s labor union between October and December 2015. But current Japanese law only allows for relatively small fines for breaches relating to overtime.  We are hoping for legislative change so that stiffer penalties can be imposed when a worker dies,  Takahashi s mother Yukimi said in a statement after the ruling.  It s not just my daughter - tragic cases like this are happening throughout Japan, across all industries and irrespective of whether firms are large or small,  she added, noting the death of the NHK reporter. Matsuri Takahashi had worked 105 hours of overtime in October 2015 after which she fell into depression. She jumped to her death from a company dormitory on Christmas day, leaving behind a trail of public grievances on social media about her relentless working hours and boss s verbal abuse.  We take this ruling very seriously, and extend our deepest apologies to stakeholders and the general public for the concern we have caused,  Dentsu said in a statement, adding that CEO Toshihiro Yamamoto will take a 20 percent pay cut for six months. Japan had 191 deaths which authorities have ruled as related to overwork in the past financial year - an increase of two over the previous year, the government said in an annual report on Friday. NHK, which has covered the Dentsu case and the problem of karoshi in Japanese society extensively on air, said it had decided to disclose its own case to ensure thorough reform within the company. The reporter died of congestive heart failure after clocking 159 hours of overtime in the month before her death. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s administration this year endorsed an action plan for sweeping reforms of employment practices, including caps on overtime and better pay for part-time and contract workers. The moves, while widely welcome, also come at a time when Japanese companies are also grappling with a deepening labor shortage as the nation s population rapidly ages. Despite pledges of reform by many companies, some Japanese workers were skeptical.  My company says it s promoting work reform, but I am doing as much overtime as before. I even work on Saturdays,  said a 38-year old female employee at a Japanese bank.   Unless the bank cuts down our total workload, overtime cannot be reduced,  she said, declining to give her name or identify her company out of fear of upsetting her employer.    ",1
18147,Pope tells web companies: use profits to protect children,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis told executives of leading internet companies on Friday to use  their great profits  to defend children from sexual exploitation and other dangers lurking online. The pontiff, speaking at a conference in Rome, said the Catholic Church needed to accept responsibility  before God, victims and public opinion  for its own sex abuse scandals, but wanted to share the lessons it had learned. Speaking to participants including representatives from Facebook and Microsoft, he said social media businesses had to do more than set up filters and algorithms to block harmful content. The 80-year-old pope spoke out against the spread of extreme pornography, the dangers of so-called  sexting  between young people and between adults and children, and cyber bullying, calling it  a true form of moral and physical attack . He said  heinous, illicit activities  such as the commissioning and live viewing of rape and violence against minors via the so-called Dark Web had to be stopped. The Church-organized conference - called Child Dignity in the Digital World - was held two months after a monsignor was recalled from the Vatican s Washington embassy in August after the U.S. State Department said he may have violated child pornography laws. Church officials have been caught up in a series of scandals around the world - two years ago, the Vatican put its former ambassador to the Dominican Republic, an archbishop, on trial for child sex offences. He died before a verdict was reached. The conference, held at a pontifical university in Rome, brought together experts from digital companies, law enforcement, medicine and academia to discuss online bullying, pornography and the preying on children by pedophiles. The pope said social media businesses had to invest  a fair portion of their great profits  to protect  impressionable minds . He said it would be a mistake to think that  automatic technical solutions, filters devised by ever more refined algorithms in order to identify and block the spread of abusive and harmful images, are sufficient to deal with these problems . Businesses also had to address the broader ethical concerns associated with the growth of technology, rejecting the concept of  an ideological and mythical vision of the net as a realm of unlimited freedom . He said that while the digital revolution had enormous advantages,  we rightly wonder if we are capable of guiding the processes we ourselves have set in motion, whether they might be escaping our grasp . The pope acknowledged the Church s  own failures in providing for the protection of children: extremely grave facts have come to light, for which we have to accept our responsibility before God, before the victims and before public opinion . Because of  skills gained in the process of conversion and purification,  he said the Church felt  especially bound to work strenuously and with foresight for the protection of minors and their dignity . Since the Church s scandals exploded around the world about 20 years ago, it has strived to put in to place so-called best practices to protect children.  It has defrocked priests, worked with local police and the pope has declared a  zero tolerance  where clerics could not appeal a conviction on technical grounds. But victim s groups say the Vatican and the pope have not gone far enough, particularly in making bishops accountable for covering up or mishandling cases of child abuse. A commission Francis set up in 2014 to advise him on how to root out sexual abuse has been hit by defections by two key members who lamented lack of progress and cooperation from Vatican officials. The Rome conference s 13-point  Declaration of Rome  called on politicians, religious leaders, law enforcement organizations to help build a global awareness of the need to protect children from exploitation via the internet. ",1
18148,Defense disputes nerve agent used to kill North Korean leader's half-brother,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Lawyers for two women accused of murdering the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said on Tuesday low enzyme levels in his blood may have been caused by liver disease or hormone pills rather than a lethal nerve agent. Indonesian Siti Aisyah, 25, and Doan Thi Huong, 28, a Vietnamese, are charged with murdering Kim Jong Nam by smearing his face with VX, a chemical poison banned by the United Nations, at Kuala Lumpur airport on Feb. 13. The women have pleaded not guilty, saying they thought they were involved in some sort of prank for a reality TV show. They face the death penalty if convicted. Nor ashikin Othman, a chemical pathologist with Kuala Lumpur Hospital, told the court outside Kuala Lumpur blood samples taken from the victim showed low levels of cholinesterase - an enzyme needed in muscle control - which  could be caused by exposure to poison such as insecticide or a nerve agent  such as VX or Sarin. But she agreed with the defense that low enzyme levels could also have been due to other causes such as liver disease or the taking of female hormones by a man.  Yes, the enzyme levels could be slightly lower by the taking of hormone pills by a man,  she said. In response to a question, Nor ashikin also said it was possible the accused had had no contact with VX whatsoever as their blood samples yielded normal levels of cholinesterase. But they could have also been exposed to a low dose of the poison, washed their hands with soap and water or ingested an antidote, she said. Siti and Huong are accused of smearing the deadly nerve agent on the victim s face and eyes. The trial has so far referred to the victim as Kim Chol, the name on the passport used by Kim Jong Nam. The post mortem report, made available to the media, said that VX was detected on swabs of Kim Jong Nam s eyes and face, in the blood, plasma and urine. The report described the victim s body as covered with tattoos. These include a large black tattoo on the chest of a man with two fish-like fingers, and one of  abstract-like motifs  on his upper right arm that extends to his upper back. Police have also named four North Koreans as suspects in the case and an Interpol red notice, an international alert just short of an arrest warrant, has been issued for the four, who remain at large. The trial continues on Wednesday. ",1
18149,White House again rejects talks with North Korea on nuclear issue,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Monday ruled out talks with North Korea except to discuss the fate of Americans held there, again appearing to rebuke Secretary of State Rex Tillerson who said Washington was directly communicating with Pyongyang on its nuclear and missile programs.  We ve been clear that now is not the time to talk,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters, reiterating a tweet from President Donald Trump at the weekend that was seen as undercutting Tillerson.  The only conversations that have taken place were that ... would be on bringing back Americans who have been detained,  Sanders said.  Beyond that, there will be no conversations with North Korea at this time.  Tillerson said on Saturday during a trip to China that the United States was directly communicating with North Korea on its nuclear and missile programs but that Pyongyang had shown no interest in dialogue. Trump, who has traded insults and threats with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in recent weeks, later dismissed any prospect of talks with North Korea as a waste of time.  I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful secretary of state, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man,  Trump wrote on Twitter, using his sarcastic nickname for Kim.  Save your energy, Rex, we ll do what has to be done!  Trump wrote. It was not the first time the White House and State Department have seemed at odds on policy issues, but when asked if Trump still had confidence in Tillerson as secretary of state, Sanders said:  He does.  A senior administration official said Tillerson misspoke.  I think it was just him misspeaking. He was just acknowledging the fact that we do have channels and we might have reason to talk if North Korea s behavior changes sometime down the road,  the official said. Tillerson said in Beijing that the United States had multiple direct channels of communication with Pyongyang and that it was probing North Korea to see if it was interested in dialogue. The top U.S. diplomat expressed hope for reducing tensions with North Korea, which is fast advancing toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland.  We are probing, so stay tuned,  Tillerson told a small group of reporters.  We ask:  Would you like to talk?  He said the United States had  a couple of, three, channels, open to Pyongyang.  Another U.S. official said Tillerson may have overstated the status of U.S. lines of communication with North Korea for the benefit of his Chinese hosts, who have been pushing the Trump administration to do more to lure Pyongyang to the negotiating table. Trump has vowed to halt North Korea s nuclear ambitions and tensions have escalated in recent months, with Pyongyang conducting its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3. It has also threatened to test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific. The fate of Americans held in North Korea is also a bone of contention. The Trump administration has demanded North Korea release three U.S. citizens it has detained: missionary Kim Dong Chul and academics Tony Kim and Kim Hak Song. The Trump White House and State Department have taken to divergent stances on other foreign policy issues. When a dispute over Qatar erupted this year, Trump strongly backed Gulf Arab leaders who accuse Qatar of supporting Iran as well as Islamist militants. Trump accused Qatar of being a  high-level  funder of terrorism even as the Pentagon and Tillerson cautioned against the military, commercial and humanitarian effects of a boycott imposed by Arab states. Months into the dispute, Trump adopted a position more in line with that of the State Department. ",1
18150,Exclusive: Congo poised to see election pushed back to late 2018 - sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Democratic Republic of Congo s electoral commission is expected to announce in the coming days that a vote to replace President Joseph Kabila cannot take place until the end of 2018 at the earliest, people familiar with the process said. If confirmed, the decision could anger Congo s political opposition, which had struck a deal with Kabila for a ballot by the end of 2017. Kabila s refusal to step down at the end of his second elected term in December 2016 sparked protests that killed dozens of people and raised fears that the chronically unstable country could slide back into civil war. Term limits preclude him from running again. The independent commission believes it cannot complete preparations to ensure a secure, transparent election until December 2018, said the two sources from Congo, who spoke to Reuters in Washington on condition of anonymity ahead of an official announcement. Even that 2018 date presumes that there will be significant domestic and international support for the election, which is expected to cost $526 million to carry out, excluding expenses for registering voters. Without sufficient support, preparations for the election could take even longer, pushing the vote to May or July of 2019, the first source said. One of the big challenges is a lack of trust within Congo about the political process itself, the sources said. Securing international support for the new date will also be vital, since a global backlash could trigger more infighting in Congo.  There is mistrust between actors, especially political actors,  the first source said.  No one trusts nobody. And this mistrust is ... also even toward the electoral process.   For example, any U.S. decision to contest the new date could  put in motion contestations of the calendar and delay, again, the elections,  the second source said.  Government spokesman Lambert Mende said the electoral commission was independent of the administration and had sole responsibility for setting the election calendar. The stakes are high. Resource-rich Congo, which gained independence from colonial power Belgium in 1960, has never had a peaceful transition of power. Kabila s opponents have long suspected he intends to repeatedly delay elections until he can organize a referendum to let himself stand for a third term, as his counterparts in the neighboring Congo Republic and Rwanda have done. Kabila denies those accusations, saying the election delays stemmed from budgetary constraints and the challenge of registering millions of voters. Congo is moving toward  credible, transparent and peaceful elections,  he told the United Nations last month. The first source also cited several hurdles to preparing for the next election, including completing a $400 million effort to register Congo s 45 million voters and ensure that none of them can cast more than one ballot. Some 42 million people have been registered so far. Once registration is complete, Congo s parliament must approve a law on distribution of parliamentary seats that will also be up for election. Then the country s hundreds of political parties need to nominate candidates for the posts, the first source said. As a result, voters are likely to have to choose from tens of thousands of candidates for hundreds of parliamentary and provincial government seats on the presidential ballot.  Millions of newspaper-sized packets of ballot paper need to be printed, probably in China or South Africa, and distributed, the sources said. Congo will need logistics support as well, including leased aircraft from the United Nations. The nation must also guarantee security for voters, which is no small task.  In the central Congo Kasai provinces, an insurrection by the Kamuina Nsapu militia, which demands the withdrawal of Congolese forces from the area, has driven 1.4 million people from their homes and killed more than 3,000 since August 2016. A rebel spokesman in eastern Congo said on Sept. 29 that his forces intended to march across the country to the capital Kinshasa to depose Kabila.      No security, no election in that area,  the first source said. U.S. President Donald Trump said last month that the United States was deeply disturbed by violence in South Sudan and Democratic Republic of Congo and that he would send U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley to Africa to discuss conflict prevention.     Kabila took power in 2001 after the assassination of his father, Laurent Kabila, an ex-rebel who had forced out President Mobutu Sese Seko. Joseph Kabila won elections in 2006 and 2011, but both were marred by violence. People are also restless over the state of the economy. Although it has big reserves of gold, cobalt, diamonds, tin and coltan, which is used in laptops and mobile phones, the vast country has been hit by the fall in global commodity prices. ",1
18151,Syrian army nears Islamic State stronghold al-Mayadin,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria s army and its allies neared al-Mayadin on Friday, sources said, pushing an advance on an eastern city seen as Islamic State s main remaining base in the country. The government forces had reached within 10 km (7 miles) of the city and taken positions parallel with a key road, a military media unit run by the Lebanese Hezbollah group said . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a war monitor, said the army supported by Russian forces had reached the western edge of al-Mayadin, entering the ruins of a castle and an area of grain silos. Islamic State has lost swathes of territory in recent months  to the Syrian government, backed by Russian air power and Iran-allied militias, in eastern Deir al-Zor province that borders Iraq. A Syrian military source told Reuters fighting was ongoing around Deir al-Zor towards al-Mayadin on Friday.   The Syrian army is continuing to strike the terrorist Daesh (Islamic State) group fiercely in Deir al-Zor and its surroundings ... and will continue its operations until it eliminates (Daesh) and drive what s left of them out of this province,  he said. Last month the Syrian army s advance to Deir al-Zor city lifted a three-year-long siege imposed by Islamic State on a government-held enclave there. The army has since pushed its advance further eastwards towards al-Mayadin, which lies 45 km south of Deir al-Zor, along the Euphrates valley.   U.S.-backed Syrian militias are also waging a separate campaign against the jihadist group s last major strongholds in Deir al-Zor province   In June, two U.S. intelligence officials told Reuters that they believed Islamic State had moved most of its diminished command structure and propaganda team to al-Mayadin, southeast of its former capital of Raqqa. The Observatory said on Friday there were clashes in several areas in eastern Deir al-Zor province. The Syrian military shelled al-Mayadin overnight and Syrian and Russian warplanes have conducted hundreds of strikes, it said.  Hezbollah, part of the military alliance supporting President Bashar al-Assad, said this week a senior commander had been killed in an Islamic State attack in Syria s central desert. ",1
18152,EU braces for Brexit talks collapse as May falters,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - As in-fighting consumes the British government, Europeans have stepped up quiet preparations for a possible collapse of Brexit talks that could see Britain crash out of the EU without a deal 18 months from now. Prime Minister Theresa May s EU counterparts still see the  no-deal scenario  she threatened them with as most unlikely, as they think it would hurt Britain much more than the continent. But after her faltering party conference this week and ahead of important meetings in Brussels over the next fortnight, diplomats and officials there and in big member states said they have been putting renewed focus on contingency planning for a legal limbo in March 2019 and urging businesses to do the same. German officials say that in recent months they have been spending just as much energy on how to handle that as on preparing for a negotiated solution. The BDI industry federation in the biggest EU economy warned German firms on Thursday that it would be  naive  not to be ready for a  a very hard exit . Like May, who on Friday rejected calls from some lawmakers to resign, Michel Barnier, the European Union negotiator, says his aim is an orderly exit. But he repeatedly cautions that he also has a mandate from EU leaders to help prepare for failure and regularly tells businesses to be sure to plan for the worst.  We want to be ready for all eventualities, including  no deal ,  he told business and labor representatives after the negotiations began in July. Deal or no deal is  the fundamental question , he said, after talks made little progress in August.  This is the growing feeling, absolutely,  a senior EU official said of concerns that talks could collapse, not because Britain saw economic advantage in that, as May has warned, but because British politics could end up in domestic stalemate that could mean missing reasonable deadlines for a withdrawal treaty. For many, talk of a breakdown in talks remains part of the bluff and counter-bluff of negotiations. But what May s problems inside her own government indicate to many across the Channel is that the country is so divided it may be unable to reach a deal.  You need to factor in that it s not a rational process,  the senior EU official said, repeating a common view that voting for Brexit made no economic sense in the first place.  So it s not unlikely that they again shy away from what are the economic imperatives and we end up cliff-edging by political default.  People close to Barnier s negotiating team draw attention to new legislation last month aimed at protecting the EU carbon market from a disorderly British departure and moves to force euro-denominated securities clearing from London to the continent as examples of Brussels  contingency planning.  It s the responsible approach. And the more it goes on like this,  said one EU official of the lack of clear breakthroughs in the talks,  the more we ll see of these steps.  Another senior official said:  There s every reason to be worried and European industry should take this more seriously.  May s Brexit minister, David Davis, is expected back in Brussels on Monday for a fifth round of negotiations with Barnier. But expectations among EU officials are low to nil for a breakthrough on key divorce issues that would allow EU leaders to tell May when they meet her the following week that they are willing to open talks on a future free trade accord. Aside from uncertainty over how a new EU border with Ireland will work and differences over rights for expatriates after Brexit, a standoff over tens of billions of euros that Brussels argues Britain will owe on departure seems far from resolution. Describing as  unbelievable arrogance  British offers to pay just 20 billion euros ($23 billion) of a  Brexit bill  which the EU estimates at perhaps 60 billion euros, a senior diplomat from a country Britain generally views as an ally in EU affairs said May would have to face down hardliners who reject such payments. Few of Britain s negotiating partners see any benefit in a change of prime minister now. That would cost more time that neither side has, since the chances of London or Brussels agreeing to extend the Brexit deadline seem limited.  With Boris Johnson as prime minister, the negotiations would be easier,  one EU diplomat said of the foreign secretary, who has sniped at May s push for a deal that could see Britain stay bound by some EU rules, at least for a transition period.  We could save ourselves all this analyzing,  the diplomat said,  As he d just drive the talks straight off the cliff.  For many, ending with a legal void remains far-fetched. But though British ministers talk of a  bespoke  deal to exit EU rules while retaining market access, EU officials warn that time is running out for London to find any option other than to agree to something like the status of Norway   being in the EU market and accepting rules on which is has no vote.  Pretty soon,  said one,  It will be Norway or nothing.  ",1
18153,Hungary prosecutors probe accounts of opposition Jobbik party,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungarian prosecutors said on Friday they had launched an investigation into the financial reporting practices of the main opposition party, Jobbik, prompting a furious accusation of political bias from the radical nationalist party. Political tensions are rising in Hungary ahead of an April 2018 parliamentary election, in which Prime Minister Viktor Orban s ruling conservative Fidesz party is expected to defy the challenge from Jobbik and win a fresh four-year mandate. The State Audit Office (ASZ) requires all parliamentary parties to report on their finances, and has made routine biannual checks at half a dozen opposition parties for 2015 and 2016. But ASZ, which is headed by former Fidesz lawmaker Laszlo  Domokos, has also asked Jobbik to provide paperwork for the first half of 2017. ASZ spokesman Balint Horvath told Reuters it made that decision after receiving reports of possible financial irregularities behind a spring poster campaign conducted by Jobbik. In its ad campaign Jobbik accused Orban and some of his associates of corruption, using the advertising space of Lajos Simicska, an estranged key Orban ally. Both the party and Simicska have declined to say how much Jobbik paid for the ads. Jobbik, which denies any financial impropriety, said it had agreed to let ASZ check its books for this year. But it said the inspectors had visited its office when it was shut and had then promptly asked the prosecutors to get involved.  Only stinking third-world dictatorships use nominally independent authorities, actually subordinated to party politics and a thieving government, to neuter the main opposition force, which in Hungary is Jobbik,  said party vice-chairman Janos Volner. ASZ said Volner s comment was  a politically motivated attack on our independence . Hungary s chief prosecutor, Peter Polt, is also a former Fidesz member who was twice appointed to his post by Fidesz-dominated parliaments. Jobbik, which has somewhat modified its right-wing, anti-immigrant rhetoric in recent years, is expected to come second in next year s election, after Orban s Fidesz but ahead of the centre-left Socialists.  ",1
18154,U.S. says 'deeply concerned' about Kenya ahead of election,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government is  deeply concerned  about the political environment in Kenya as police and protesters clashed ahead of its presidential election on Oct. 26, the U.S. State Department said in a statement on Friday.   It said that while the United States did not back any party or candidate, it fully supports the work of an election board, adding:  Unfortunately, in recent weeks actors on all sides have undermined the electoral commission and stoked tensions.  ",1
18155,Cambodian government files lawsuit to dissolve main opposition party,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian government lawyers filed a lawsuit on Friday to demand the dissolution of the main opposition party, in a move that would help Prime Minister Hun Sen extend his 32-year rule when the poor Southeast Asian nation votes in an election next year. The attempt to disband the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) comes after its leader, Kem Sokha, was charged with treason following his arrest on Sept.3. In their lawsuit on Friday, government lawyers said the opposition had conspired with foreigners to topple the government, citing a 2013 video clip that shows Kem Sokha talking about a plan to take power with the help of Americans.  Today we filed a lawsuit at the Supreme Court on behalf of the Interior Ministry to ask to dissolve the CNRP,  Ky Tech, one of the government lawyers, told reporters.  The CNRP, besides colluding secretly with foreigners ... also intends to serve foreigners,  the lawsuit said. Kem Sokha s daughter Monovithya Kem, who is also an official in the opposition party, said in a post on Twitter:  The international community has obligations to act now.  The U.S. embassy said it was unable to comment on the lawsuit filed by the government on Friday, but it had earlier  rejected the accusations relating to Kem Sokha. Western countries have condemned the opposition leader s arrest and have questioned whether the election can be fair following the crackdown on opposition leaders, activists and journalists. The European Union has made several statements about its concern.  In that context, dissolution by the authorities of the main opposition party would be an extremely negative step,  said EU ambassador George Edgar in an email to Reuters. Hun Sen, a former Khmer Rouge commander who defected from the genocidal group and helped drive it from power in 1979, is allied to China, and Beijing says it supports the Cambodian government s efforts to maintain national security and stability. Half of Cambodia s opposition members of parliament have fled the country. One of the remaining parliamentarians derided allegations that the CNRP had been involved in planning a US-backed coup.  This is intended to destroy democracy in Cambodia,  Mao Monyvann said of the move to shut down the CNRP.  The ruling Cambodian People s Party narrowly won the last election in 2013 after losing seats to the opposition in what was Hun Sen s worst election result since Cambodia returned to full democracy in 1998. The ruling party lost ground in local elections in June, after which, according to opposition members, Hun Sen stepped up a campaign against dissenting voices.  Phil Robertson, deputy director of Human Rights Watch s Asia division, criticized the international community for not responding more strongly to Hun Sen s crackdown.  The international community obligated itself to protect human rights and democracy in Cambodia when they signed the Paris Peace Accords, but now they are looking the other way as that dream dies,  Robertson told Reuters.  Prime Minister Hun Sen is effectively putting an end to Cambodian democracy,  he said. ",1
18156,Catalan pro-independence parties working on independence declaration: El Mundo,"MADRID (Reuters) - Secessionist parties in the Catalan parliament are discussing an independence declaration that will be submitted to the regional assembly next Tuesday, a pro-independence Catalan legislator was quoted as saying by El Mundo newspaper on Friday.  We are in talks about a text, with paper and pencil, on the declaration that we want the regional parliament to accept on Tuesday,  Carles Riera, a lawmaker from the CUP (Popular Unity Candidacy), was quoted as saying.  Nobody has put forward any scenario of delay, ambiguity or confusion. We are not working on that scenario,  he said. ",1
18157,Hungarian villagers in backlash against holiday for migrants,"OCSENY, Hungary (Reuters) - Zoltan Fenyvesi s offer to host migrants for a free holiday in his guest house set off a backlash in this southern Hungarian village. His van s tires were slashed and angry locals railed against him. He says there was even a death threat. The controversy also triggered the resignation of the long-time mayor of Ocseny, a quiet village nestled among swathes of farmland 160 kilometers (100 miles) south of Budapest, as well as national debate about Hungarians  tolerance levels. As right-wing Prime Minister Viktor Orban gears up for an election in April that he is widely expected to win, this four-bedroom guesthouse, just across the street from an elementary school and a Catholic church, has become an unlikely flash point for anti-migrant sentiment. Orban has taken a hard line on immigration which has included a barbed-wire fence on Hungary s southern border and tough laws criticized by human rights groups. He has also referred to the importance of maintaining  ethnic homogeneity . The measures have kept out migrants and shored up support for his Fidesz party since 2015 when at the peak of the crisis hundreds of thousands of migrants from the Middle East crossed Hungary on their way to western Europe. Billboard campaigns, television ads and questionnaires sent to Hungarians to bolster Orban s platform have contributed to a surge in anti-migrant sentiment to record levels according to a survey by Tarki, a think-tank. Last week s town hall meeting in Ocseny to discuss Fenyvesi s offer, raised jointly with Migration Aid, a group set up to help migrants, descended into angry shouting and locals voicing fears of violence and robbery if migrants showed up.  Who can guarantee that the little boys and girls will not be harmed, like we heard of in other countries?  shouted a middle-aged woman in footage taken at the scene by local media.  Who will protect you if they sneak into your property at night and beat you to death?  she said. At one point, as Fenyvesi tried to make his case for hosting the migrants amid a cacophony of boos and whistles, a man walked up to him and took the microphone, prompting applause from the scores of agitated locals gathered at the town hall.  I thought I would be able to explain this (his offer of a free holiday),  said Fenyvesi, who has already hosted poor children, including Roma, at his guesthouse, which led to no such furor. Fenyvesi told Reuters that he had wanted to set a positive example after learning that a previous attempt to host some migrants for a holiday near Lake Balaton fell through due to local opposition.  It turned out otherwise. Very soon people started shouting and told me squarely they will have none of this,  Fenyvesi said in an interview. Once the meeting was over, Fenyvesi said he had received a death threat in the street from a local he did not want to identify. Later that night, someone slashed the tires of his  van parked outside the guesthouse. Tires on his son s vehicle were also cut. Police have launched an investigation.  Fenyvesi abandoned the project because of the outcry.    When 54-year-old Orban, whose Fidesz party is well ahead of its main rivals in opinion polls, was asked whether his government bore any responsibility for the anti-migrant feelings expressed by villagers in Ocseny, he said:  People have been lied to on the migrant issue so much, that they do not believe it is only children coming.   Orban told reporters ahead of a European Council meeting:  I fully understand them and it is very right that they have expressed their opinion so resolutely, so loudly and clearly.  With the main opposition Socialists in disarray after the resignation of their candidate for prime minister, nationalist Jobbik is emerging as Orban s main challenger in the 2018 vote. Dressed in a dark blue suit, Balazs Szabo, a Jobbik council member in nearby Szekszard called on Fenyvesi at the debate in the town hall to devote his goodwill to poor Hungarians and children in need instead. His remarks earned a big round of applause. Szabo, Jobbik s candidate for parliament, said locals invited him to the event. Janos Fulop, the independent mayor of Ocseny who quit because of the row, said there was no legal recourse to stop legally residing refugees coming to Ocseny, if they wanted to. Some of his local critics deemed that stance too soft even though Fulop himself is opposed to the idea of mass immigration.   But if there are such people here already, the country must meet its obligations under international law,  he said. Official data showed 881 migrants received some sort of state protection in Hungary, a country of about 10 million people, in 2017, including 75 granted refugee status.      I hope that people will find calm and talk to one another, but this will take time,  Fulop said. He resigned after seeing the divisions both in the village and within the local council. Reuters tried to interview more than 20 locals on a week-day morning near the guesthouse, to no avail. The few who spoke off-camera expressed relief that no migrants would come. With Fidesz dominating the public discourse on migration, Orban s government announced a campaign aimed at Hungarian-born U.S. financier George Soros for what it said was a plan to bring a stream of refugees to Europe. His spokesman has described the government s portrayal of him as  fantasy . Orban has vowed to fight a ruling by the European Union s top court that dismissed a challenge by Hungary and Slovakia against migrant quotas that reignited an east-west row that has shaken EU cohesion. Data from Tarki shows the proportion of people deemed as xenophobic shot up to 60 percent this year, rising 19 points from two years ago when the migrant issue came to the fore and more than double the levels seen in 2010, when Orban took power.  I do not think this is all due to the government s behavior, but it plays a very large role nonetheless,  Tarki researcher Endre Sik said.  Ocseny is not some sort of hell-hole from this regard,  he said.  These are average people, who have displayed non-average behavior, the groundwork of which was laid very firmly by the government.  The government declined to comment on the Tarki findings. Orban s chief of staff, Janos Lazar has said such feelings of distrust were inherent in Hungarians anyway. In a rare display of solidarity, the Roma mayor of Cserdi, a poor village also in southern Hungary, told local media that he would host any refugees rejected from Ocseny. ",1
18158,Swedish airport explosive suspect released without charge: prosecutor,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - A man arrested on suspicion of trying to carry explosives onto a plane in western Sweden will be released from custody and is no longer a suspect, the prosecutor said on Friday  The suspicious objects have been analysed during the day and the man is no longer suspected of any crimes,  the prosecutors office said in a statement. The man was stopped as he tried to get onto a flight at Gothenburg s Landvetter airport on Thursday morning when a regular security check flagged up signs of explosive materials. ",1
18159,Swiss ready to provide platform for dialogue in Catalan row: Swiss TV,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Neutral Switzerland is ready to provide a platform for dialogue between the Spanish government and Catalonia amid a row over independence for the region, Swiss state broadcaster RTS reported on Friday. It cited the foreign ministry as saying Swiss authorities were in contact with both parties and that it considers all requests for mediation. Foreign ministry officials were not immediately available to confirm the report. ",1
18160,Spain passes law to make it easier for companies to move around country,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s government on Friday passed a law to make it easier for companies to move their operations around the country just as some businesses consider leaving the region of Catalonia amid a rising conflict over a plan for independence.  The new law loosens the bureaucratic red tape needed for a company s board to take the decision to move the company s base, unless the group s statutes expressly say otherwise, the government said in a statement.    The law had been discussed with the opposition political parties, the Socialists and business-friendly Ciudadanos, Economy Minister Luis de Guindos said in the press conference following the weekly cabinet meeting.  ",1
18161,"Japan's new party vows to scrap over-reliance on fiscal, monetary steps","TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike s new party on Friday unveiled an election platform that seeks to distance her  Yurinomics  policies from Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s aggressive stimulus, by cutting reliance on fiscal spending and monetary easing.  Launched less than two week s ago, Koike s  Party of Hope  will take on Abe s ruling coalition in a national election called for Oct. 22.  It has made populist calls to freeze a scheduled sales tax hike in 2019 and phase out nuclear power, in an effort to set itself apart from the government on key issues, but the fresh approach on the economy was given its own catchy name.  We ll carry out  Yurinomics  that brings out private sector vitality, without relying excessively on monetary easing and fiscal spending,  the Party of Hope said.  While maintaining the Bank of Japan s massive monetary easing for the time being, the government and the BOJ should work together to seek a smooth exit strategy,  it added.  Yurinomics  is a piece of political branding to counter  Abenomics  - the name given to the aggressive monetary and fiscal stimulus measures and structural reforms Abe has adopted since returning to power in December 2012.  Five years on, Abe s government can point to some signs that his strategy is finally fostering stronger economic growth and defeating deflation. Appointed by Abe, Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda still wants to give his money-printing ways more time to work, whereas the Hope party wants to debate a strategy to smoothly end them. Abe called the snap election last week in the hope his Liberal Democratic Party-led coalition will secure a simple majority in parliament s lower house, from its two-thirds  super majority  earlier.   Amid signs that voters are disillusioned with Abe after nearly five years in power, Koike s Hope party, pitched as a  reformist, conservative  alternative to Abe s equally conservative LDP, has clouded the outlook, however.   By putting monetary policy on the table, Koike s platform could spur debate among a lot of lawmakers about the need to fix some of the things they think are wrong, and quantitative easing could be a candidate,  said Shuji Tonouchi, senior market economist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.  Right now, the market impact is limited because the chances of her party forming a government are low.  The new party says  Yurinomics  - derived from Koike s first name - will focus on deregulation and tax firms  massive internal reserves - worth around 300 trillion yen ($2.66 trillion) to encourage them to put unused cash to better use. It will also freeze the scheduled sales tax hike in 2019 and help low-income households with a  basic income  policy that regularly pays a set amount of money to all citizens. While the Party of Hope s conservative approach on defense and constitutional reform resembles that of Abe s LDP, its economic policy has a more populist streak, analysts say.  Basic income is being called for in some countries facing growing social inequality, so I m not totally rejecting the idea,  said Hiroshi Shiraishi, senior economist at BNP Paribas Securities.  But without a secure source of revenue, it s simply impossible.  Abe s ruling coalition has pledged to proceed with the sales tax hike and use the revenues for child care and education. Koike said her party would build on Abenomics to bring the benefits of the economic recovery to more households.  We need to carry out a more meticulous economic policy and social reform that would strike people s heart,  Koike told a news conference, where she reiterated that she would not stand in the coming election. Her party is open to debate on a possible revision of the  constitution s pacifist chapter 9, whose literal interpretation would ban the maintenance of armed forces. In an interview, Abe told Kyodo news agency he wanted to win support from other parties, including Koike s, for the LDP s campaign pledge for a revision to provide a firm legal basis for Japan s military, the Self-Defence Forces.  Koike, 65, a former defense minister and member of Abe s LDP, has not made clear whom her party would back as the next prime minister. She defied the LDP to run for governor last year, defeating the ruling party candidate by a landslide before leading her small local party to a huge victory on a reformist platform in a July Tokyo assembly election.  ($1=112.8300 yen) ",1
18162,Tokyo Governor Koike: No need for big change in monetary policy,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, whose new conservative party is challenging Japan s ruling bloc in an Oct. 22 election, said on Friday there was no need for a major change in the Bank of Japan s hyper-easy monetary policy and there should not be any sudden change under the next central bank chief. In an interview, Koike told Reuters the BOJ had adopted a hyper-easy monetary policy, adding:  Unfortunately, this has not cured deflation. But I think there is no need for a big change in direction.  Asked about desirable policy under the next BOJ governor, she said,  There will probably be parts that are an extension of current policy. If there were a sudden change, I think that would have an impact on the stock market.   BOJ Governor Haruhiko has been the main architect of monetary policy under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and his 5-year term expires in early April 2018.  ",1
18163,"Australians give up 51,000 illegal guns as govt stands by tough laws","SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australians turned in 51,000 illegal firearms, ranging from 19th-century weapons to a rocket launcher, during a three-month amnesty that ended on Friday, and which Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said had helped avert Las Vegas-style mass shootings. The cache, representing about a fifth of illegal firearms, was collected during Australia s second amnesty since its worst ever massacre, when a lone gunman killed 35 people in the island state of Tasmania in 1996. There has not been a mass shooting since the then conservative government banned all semi-automatic rifles and semi-automatic shotguns that year, and introduced tougher background checks on gun purchases.  The firearms gathered in this year s amnesty will be destroyed. Those who still own such guns face jail time, and the government is pushing for harsher penalties for gun traffickers.  Every single one of those 51,000 guns could be used, could have been used in a crime where Australians could be killed - now they can t,  Turnbull told reporters in Sydney.  The killer there had a collection of semi-automatic weapons which a person in his position would simply not be able to acquire in Australia,  he added. Turnbull was referring to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, when Stephen Paddock, 64, armed with numerous assault rifles, fired this week on an outdoor country music festival in Las Vegas, killing 58 people and himself. The attack has focused attention on gun ownership rules in the United States, and in Australia, where gun ownership restrictions are seen to have worked. In Tasmania in 1996, Martin Bryant killed 35 people at the former prison colony of Port Arthur, using military-style weapons bought without background checks. In response, conservative Prime Minister John Howard convinced Australia s eight provincial governments to toughen their laws, despite opposition from his own side of the political divide.  Rapid-fire guns were outlawed, and a national licensing system required gun sellers and buyers to register, and specify reasons - such as gun club membership - why they needed weapons. The measures provoked opposition from gun owners, in particular farmers, but has since mostly vanished, because Australia s rules are seen to have worked.  You can t just buy a gun,  said Phillip Alpers, a firearms injury researcher at the University of Sydney, adding that potential purchasers faced a full background check by police.  They will ask you for a genuine reason for owning a firearm,  he added.  If you can t (provide one), you won t get the gun.  Australia s few gun stores are heavily regulated, in contrast with the United States, where ammunition and weapons are sold at chain stores, such as Walmart. ",1
18164,Rwandan president's challenger faces incitement charge in court,"KIGALI (Reuters) - A prominent critic of Rwanda s president appeared in court  alongside her mother and sister on Friday, all charged with forgery and inciting insurrection. Diane Shima Rwigara is accused of faking the registration papers she filed to stand against President Paul Kagame in an August election. She was eventually barred from running and Kagame went on to win with 98.8 percent of the vote.  Rwigara, 35-year-old accountant, has repeatedly accused Kagame of stifling dissent and criticized his Rwandan Patriotic Front s tight grip on the country since it fought its way to power to end Rwanda s 1994 genocide. On Friday, she told the packed court room she had been forced to appear without her lawyer because authorities had not told him about the hearing in time. Rwigara, her mother Adeline and sister Anne, have said charges against them are politically motivated.  Kagame has been widely praised for restoring stability but rights groups say he has muzzled independent media and suppressed opponents - accusations he dismisses.  Rwanda last month charged another opposition official and eight others with forming an armed group and seeking to overthrow the government. Rwigara, her mother and sister were first taken from their home in the Rwandan capital on Aug. 30 on tax evasion allegations related to the family s tobacco company.  The tax accusations did not appear on the charge sheet and prosecutors did not give details on the insurrection charge. Rwigara s sister Anne said they had not had enough access to their lawyer.  How can a lawyer defend the case he doesn t know?  she told the judges.  He came [last] Friday and he was only allowed five minutes to discuss with us and on Sunday when he came back he was not allowed to see us.  Rwigara s mother is also charged with  discrimination and sectarianism .  Prosecutor Michel Nshimiyimana said the Rwigaras  lawyer, Buhuru Pierre Celestin, had been informed. The judges set the next hearing for Monday. ",1
18165,Rainbow raids: Egypt launches its widest anti-gay crackdown yet,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Sarah Hegazy has been jailed, beaten by inmates, and could face a life sentence in an Egyptian prison if found guilty of  promoting sexual deviancy  and other charges tied to her alleged crime: waving a rainbow flag at a concert. The 28-year-old denies waving the flag but is one of 57 people arrested so far in Egypt s widest anti-gay crackdown yet, a swift zero-tolerance response to a rare show of public support for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights in the conservative Muslim country. The crackdown comes as Egypt, a key Western ally in the Middle East, is under fire for its human rights record and the United States has withheld some of its $1.3 billion in annual military aid. Hegazy, the only woman rounded up in the three-week-old campaign, says police goaded her cellmates to abuse her during her first night in prison, where she is being detained for 15 days and interrogated by special prosecutors who usually focus on Islamist militants.  This is the game they (police) always play, especially since she is a girl. They incite the other detainees and say  this girl wants men and women to be gay  so they harass her. I saw scratches on her shoulder, she looked very disheveled and exhausted. She was beaten,  said Hegazy s lawyer Hoda Nasralla. A security official would not comment on Hegazy s case but denied that police incite prisoners against each other or otherwise mistreat them.  Lawyers for other detainees said their clients faced similar treatment. Suspected gay male detainees are subject to forced anal exams to determine if they have had homosexual sex, a procedure human rights groups say amounts to torture. At least five such examinations have taken place, Amnesty International says. Judicial sources do not deny the examinations take place but say they are legally carried out and are not a form of abuse. Egyptian authorities do not deny going after gays and an investigation report provided to Reuters by the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights (EIPR) openly refers to the police s campaign on homosexuals. Police, state-aligned media, and the religious establishment all see it as a public duty to combat the spread of homosexuality.  Ten men have already gone on trial during the recent sweep and received jail sentences from one to six years. On Sept. 22, at a concert packed with 30,000 people headlined by Mashrou  Leila, a Lebanese alternative rock band whose lead singer is openly gay, a small group of concert goers raised a rainbow flag and, within hours, the image went viral. Almost immediately local media, dominated by state-aligned television personalities, began a campaign against homosexuals, saying they were receiving foreign funding, and hosting callers who compared their threat to Islamic State. Egypt s media regulator then banned homosexuals from appearing in the media unless they were  repenting , calling homosexuality a  shame and a disease that should be kept under wraps, not promoted  in order to protect public morality. Al-Azhar, Egypt s 1,000-year-old center of Islamic learning, said it would stand against gays in the way it stands against Islamist extremists. One church organized an anti-gay conference. Public Prosecutor Nabil Sadek ordered the State Security Prosecution, which normally investigates terrorism and other national security threats, to investigate the flag incident. At least four people, including Hegazy and 21-year-old Ahmed Alaa, were arrested for allegedly raising the flag although one man has since been released.  The overwhelming majority of those arrested are not involved in the flag case, however, and have simply been arrested over their perceived sexual orientation in the following days. Police have raided homes, parties, and used online dating apps to lure gay men - a common tactic in Egypt - to arrest most of them, their lawyers say. At a Cairo courthouse defendants stood in a cage, holding up newspapers and books to hide their faces to shield themselves from the stigma of homosexuality in Egyptian society. Although homosexuality is not specifically outlawed in Egypt, it is a conservative society and discrimination is rife. Gay men are frequently arrested and typically charged with debauchery, immorality or blasphemy. The last comparable crackdown on homosexuals in Egypt was in 2001, when police raided a floating disco called the Queen Boat. Fifty-two men were tried in the case, which drew widespread criticism from human rights groups and Western governments. But the current wave has already surpassed that incident both in numbers and in state action, with defendants facing much faster trials than usual, said Dalia Abd Elhameed, EIPR s gender and women s rights officer. No Western government has publicly condemned or commented on this crackdown, but Egypt is facing criticism from the United States, a major ally, over its human rights record. Washington denied Egypt $95.7 million in aid and delayed a further $195 million because it failed to make progress on  human rights and democracy, U.S. sources told Reuters in August. Egypt has taken a leading role at the United Nations in opposing gay rights. It was one of 13 countries to vote last week against a U.N. resolution condemning the death penalty for having gay sex.  It led a dozen states in boycotting a session in January with the first U.N. expert on anti-gay violence and discrimination. It sent a letter last year on behalf of Muslim countries to the secretary-general that led to the exclusion of 22 gay and transgender rights groups from the U.N. General Assembly s High Level Meeting on Ending Aids. Gay men and rights activists say the LGBT community has been facing an aggressive crackdown since 2013, when President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi as military chief ousted Muslim Brotherhood president Mohamed Mursi.  EIPR has documented 232 cases between October 2013 and March 2017 where people were arrested for allegedly being gay or transgender, Abd Elhameed said. Many of these cases went to court where the average sentence was around three years in jail, although in some cases it went up to 12. Sisi has been criticized by the Brotherhood as being anti-Islam, and rights groups say tough treatment of the LGBT community is a way to counter that while diverting attention from the country s tough economic conditions. The crackdown has Egypt s already underground LGBT community living in fear. Five gay men who all requested anonymity said they were avoiding gay-friendly spaces and deleting online dating profiles for fear of arrest.  Some are considering leaving the country. But the recent developments underscore an existing reality for gay Egyptians: they are in constant physical danger.  I don t feel comfortable just being myself. We re not talking about gay rights here, no one is calling for marriage equality, we face the possibility of jail and humiliation for merely existing,  said one 25-year-old gay man. A 31-year-old gay man recounted how he was tied up and beaten at his Cairo flat last year by two men who threatened to kill him after meeting through the gay dating app Grindr. They posed as police officers at some point, playing on a common fear for gay Egyptians, before stealing items from his flat. The man says he later felt going to the police was almost as traumatic as the incident itself. Police records show officers create false dating profiles and set up dates only to arrest the men who show up. Sometimes they tell the men to bring condoms then use them as evidence, Abd Elhameed said.  There are people in the Interior Ministry who take our money as taxpayers to engage in sex chatting with people then arrest them. It is as ridiculous as this; the evidence sheets include nude photos and erotic chat transcripts.  ",1
18166,"East Congo militia attacks U.N. base, two rebels killed","GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Militia fighters in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo attacked a U.N. peacekeeping base on Friday, triggering clashes that left two of the fighters dead and two peacekeepers slightly wounded, the U.N. mission said. Thirty-four rebels from a Mai-Mai militia have been killed in fighting with Congo s army in the past week, local army spokesman Jules Ngongo said, a spike in violence he attributed to an army crackdown on the militia s harassment of local residents. Friday s attack, in which two rebels were also wounded, was a rare frontal assault on U.N. forces charged with protecting civilians in Congo s east, where dozens of armed groups exploit mineral resources and prey on local residents.  Very early this morning, about 30 Mai-Mai attacked,  mission spokeswoman Florence Marchal told Reuters, adding that U.N. forces drove off the assailants. It was not immediately clear which Mai-Mai group attacked nor what their objective was. The Mai-Mai comprise a number of armed bands that originally formed to resist Rwandan invasions in the 1990s. They have since morphed into a wide variety of ethnic-based militia, smuggling networks and protection rackets. Congo s mineral-rich eastern borderlands are a tinderbox of ethnic tensions and for more than two decades have been racked by violence that has often spilled across the country s borders. President Joseph Kabila s refusal to step down at the end of his constitutional mandate last December has fueled further unrest in the country s east, where wars between 1996-2003 killed millions, and center, where an insurgency against the central government has killed thousands since last August. Last week, U.N. forces in east Congo s South Kivu province intervened with helicopters and heavy machine guns to help beat back an advance by a separate rebel group on the strategic city of Uvira. The U.N. mission in Congo, known as MONUSCO, is the world s largest with some 18,000 uniformed personnel and a more than $1 billion annual budget.  ",1
18167,"Turkey to close Iraq border, air space, will open new gate with Baghdad","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey wants to open a new border gate with Iraq in cooperation with the central government in Baghdad after it shuts down the existing gate in response to last week s Kurdish independence referendum, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said.  We have proposed opening the new Ovakoy gate, west of currently used Habur gate, to Baghdad and we are expecting their support. We will be happy to discuss this with (Iraqi Prime Minister Haider) al-Abadi,  Yildirim told reporters, saying the timing of his visit to Baghdad was a work in progress. Yildirim also said he wanted to boost cooperation with central Iraqi government on economy, defense, security and political issues. ",1
18168,UK PM May postpones trip to China to avoid timetable clash with Trump: Sky,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May has postponed a trip to China that had been provisionally planned for November due to a timetable clash with U.S. President Donald Trump who would have been there at the same time, Sky News reported on Friday. Sky cited a source from May s office who said the trip had never been finally confirmed or publicly announced. ",1
18169,British PM to attend event in her local electoral district: BBC,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May, who is facing an open rebellion from some of her own lawmakers, will attend an event in her electoral district on Friday, the first engagement since a disastrous speech to her Conservative Party s conference. May is due to attend a charity coffee morning in her constituency, the BBC said.  ",1
18170,Over $500 million in Thai bank shares transferred on behalf of king: SEC,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Shares worth over $500 million in Thailand s Siam Commercial Bank have been transferred on behalf of King Maha Vajiralongkorn from the Crown Property Bureau, which manages palace assets, a filing with Thailand s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) said on Friday. The filing by the Crown Property Bureau did not identify the ultimate beneficiary of the shares, nor did it indicate if any money had been paid for the shares. The transfer took place on Oct 2, the filing said. The law was changed in July to formally give the king control of the Crown Property Bureau. Details of its assets are not made public, but they are estimated to be worth more than $30 billion. The Crown Property Bureau confirmed the transaction but declined comment on how the transfer fitted with changes to the way palace finances are run since the king took the throne late last year after the death of his revered father.  It is his majesty s private affair so I cannot comment further,  said an official of the Crown Property Bureau who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of anything to do with Thailand s palace. The king has put an increasingly assertive stamp on the monarchy since succeeding his father King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who will be cremated on Oct. 26 in a ceremony that marks an end to more than a year of mourning in Thailand. Siam Commercial Bank, Thailand s third-largest bank by assets, declined to comment on the transaction in its shares. The filing said that the shares transferred amounted to 3.33 percent of the total value of the bank. After the transfer, the Crown Property Bureau still had a holding of 18.14 percent, it said. Based on the latest share price, the shares had a value of 16.9 billion baht ($505 million). At the latest dividend yield of 3.62 percent, the shares would give a payout of around $18 million a year. Shares in SCB closed 0.66 percent down on Friday compared to a 0.22 percent fall in the banking index. The Crown Property Bureau s stakes in SCB and Siam Cement PCL are together worth around $8.3 billion.  According to a former official within the Crown Property Bureau, they have accounted for up to 80 percent of the agency s income in recent years. Although its real estate holdings are bigger, the returns from those are much lower. ",1
18171,"Zimbabwe's vice president, possible Mugabe successor, says he was poisoned","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa said late on Thursday he had been hospitalized in August because he had been poisoned, raising the political temperature in the fight to succeed 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe. Mnangagwa, a former intelligence chief nicknamed  the Crocodile , is the leading candidate to succeed Mugabe, the only leader Zimbabwe has known since independence in 1980. He did not say who he believed was responsible for trying to kill him, and his main rival for the top job, First Lady Grace Mugabe, swiftly denied having anything to do with it. Hours earlier, she told a public gathering at a nearby hotel on Thursday night that Mnangagwa and his allies were plotting a power grab that was tantamount to a coup, according to an audio recording of her speech. Mnangagwa was airlifted to Johannesburg after falling ill in August.  At a news conference late on Thursday open only to state media, he said doctors had concluded that poisoning was to blame for his illness, and not inadvertent food poisoning.  The medical doctors who attended to me ruled out food poisoning but confirmed that indeed poisoning had occurred and investigations were in progress,  Mnangagwa said, reading from a statement. He provided no further details or proof. Mnangagwa, 75, became vice-president in 2014, putting him at the front of the pack to succeed Mugabe. However over the last 18 months he has met fierce opposition from Grace and a faction of the ruling party backing her. The first lady denied having anything to do with his illness and accused him of lying about it to get public sympathy.  Why should I kill Mnangagwa? Who is Mnangagwa on this earth?  Grace Mugabe said in footage aired on Friday on state television.  Killing someone who was given a job by my husband? That is nonsensical.  Veterans of Zimbabwe s 1970s independence war have publicly backed Mnangagwa to step into Mugabe s shoes and last year  described the nonagenarian ruler as a dictator, a jolting rebuke that laid bare the fissures within the ruling ZANU-PF party. In her hotel address on Thursday evening, Grace said Mnangagwa was plotting to force ZANU-PF to support him as Mugabe s successor - a scheme she said must be resisted.  We are being threatened day and night that if this one does not become president, we will kill you,  she said without stating the origin of the threats.  No, we will not bow down to that pressure, never. You will have to arrest all of us and throw us in prison before you can rule.  According to a trove of hundreds of documents from inside Zimbabwe s Central Intelligence Organization (CIO) reviewed by Reuters in September, Mnangagwa and other political players have been positioning themselves for the day Mugabe either steps down or dies, with the tacit backing of some of Zimbabwe s military and former colonial power Britain. The ruling party s next leadership congress is due in 2019 and Mugabe, who plans to context next year s elections, has said he is staying put for now. ",1
18172,Madrid representative in Catalonia apologizes for police violence during independence vote,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government s official representative in Catalonia  apologized on Friday for the violent response by Spanish police to protesters who were attempting to vote in a banned independence referendum in the region on Sunday.   When I see these images, and more so when I know people have been hit, pushed and even one person who hospitalized, I can t help but regret it and apologize on behalf of the officers that intervened,  Enric Millo said in a television interview. It was the first apology by a Madrid government official over the clashes and could be seen as a conciliatory gesture to Catalan leaders who plan a unilateral declaration of independence of the region from Spain. The police action, which according to Catalan health authorities around 900 injured, has been widely condemned by human rights groups as excessive force on a civilian population.  ",1
18173,Keeping the competition out: Iran startups thrive despite sanctions,"LONDON (Reuters) - Low on cash but high on hope, Iran s technology entrepreneurs are learning to live with revived hostility in the United States and growing suspicion - or worse - from hardliners at home. Their startups and e-commerce apps are flourishing, driven by government infrastructure support and young Iranians educated both in the country and abroad. Some are even drawing foreign investment in a way that Iran s dominant oil industry has yet to achieve since most international sanctions were lifted early last year under a nuclear deal with world powers. Life remains tough despite the easing of Iran s international isolation. The atmosphere in Washington has soured again, with President Donald Trump signing legislation tightening domestic U.S. sanctions on Iran and threatening to pull out of the nuclear accord. On top of this, Google and Apple have withdrawn some services temporarily or indefinitely for Iranian users in recent months for reasons including the U.S. sanctions. Still, the absence of U.S. giants such as Amazon and Uber has allowed their Iranian equivalents Digikala and Snapp to grow rapidly. Many other local internet firms are following suit.  Ramin Rabii, chief executive of Turquoise Partners, which facilitates foreign investment in Iran, said Trump s rhetoric could paradoxically help the tech sector.  If he keeps talking about sanctions, that would increase the risk of investment in Iran, but at the same time it will keep a lot of competition out,  he told Reuters in a telephone interview from Tehran.  Major global players are not here.  No figures are available on foreign investment in Iranian tech firms. Rabii, however, estimated it at hundreds of millions of dollars since the nuclear deal came into force. By contrast, an expected rush into Iran s huge energy reserves has yet to materialize. French group Total is investing in a gas project but Tehran has yet to seal any major oil deals with international partners. Foreign investment in Iranian tech remains modest compared with regional mega-deals such as Amazon s purchase in March of Dubai-based retailer souq.com. Amazon did not reveal the price but beat off a rival offer worth $800 million. Still, Rabii sees a bright future.  Many foreign investors ask me what is the best performing sector in Iran for the next decade. I always name e-commerce and the tech sector,  he said. After the relative isolation of the international sanctions era, the tech sector has attracted many young Iranians back from the United States, Canada and Europe. They hope to marry their experience of the startup scene with locally-educated talent. Reza Arbabian left Canada, where he went as a teenager, to join his family textile business in Iran. But in 2012 he launched Sheypoor, the Iranian answer to Craigslist, a U.S. classified advertisements website.  Sheypoor now employs 200 and recently marked its fifth anniversary. Cash, however, remains tight.  Many foreign companies are still hesitant and Iranian investors don t understand the value in e-commerce. They cannot accept that they need to wait for five years for a startup to make profits,  said Arbabian.  Some outside Iran, especially in Europe where the sanctions net is not quite so tight, are nevertheless willing to take the plunge. Swedish-based Pomegranate Investment, for instance, has taken a 43 percent stake in Sheypoor. On a larger scale, Sarava, Digikala s main shareholder, is 45 percent-owned by foreign investors. These include Pomegranate, which raised its stake to 15 percent with a 41 million euro ($48 million) investment in 2016. Following the Amazon model, Digikala has grown into Iran s biggest internet company with a market share of 85-90 percent, according to Pomegranate. Staff numbers have leapt in the past two years from 800 to more than 2,000.  Iran came late to mass internet access but has invested heavily under President Hassan Rouhani, hoping to attract foreign cash and create more jobs. According to the Measuring Information Society of Iran, a government-linked portal, more than 62 percent of households were connected to the internet by March 2017. This was up from only 21 percent in 2013, the year Rouhani took office. Smartphone ownership has also rocketed. Iran, a country of 80 million people, had only two million smartphone users three years ago but the number hit 40 million in 2016. Such developments encouraged Kamran Adle, an Iranian born and raised in London, to move to Tehran last year.   Iranian infrastructure has dramatically improved in recent of years. 3G and 4G is much more commonplace than it was a couple of years ago,  said Adle, whose firm Ctrl+Tech invests in early stage startups and helps them to develop apps. Some Iranian apps are copies of foreign equivalents, made out of the reach of international lawyers. But the years of isolation also forced domestic talent to be more innovative, and Adle says there is no shortage of app developers. One such is Farshad Khodamoradi, who has designed the app for a job-hunting startup being launched this month. Unlike traditional sites,  3sootjobs  will use an algorithm-driven matching system to connect candidates with the right employers. Khodamoradi complains about difficulties in accessing foreign tech services, many of which are U.S.-based.  The main problem is that the global services Iranian startups are using can be cut off overnight,  he told Reuters from Tehran. He cited Google s Firebase, a platform used to generate push notifications - such as messages to passengers that a taxi has arrived to pick them up - without their having to open the app. This was unavailable in Iran on a number of occasions in June and July, disrupting startups including taxi hailing apps, he said. Google did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. Although technology firms can gain exemptions from the sanctions, U.S. corporations appear unwilling to risk involvement in Iran. In August, Telecommunications Minister Mohammad Javad Azari Jahromi threatened to take legal action over Apple s removal of Iranian apps from its app stores. Apple did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. All this seems in contrast to U.S. promises after the nuclear deal. In March 2016, in a message to the Iranian people, then President Barack Obama said ending international sanctions  would mean more access to cutting-edge technologies, including information technologies that can help Iranian startups . Since that message, anti-U.S. Iranian hardliners have followed the growth of startups suspiciously, branding them as vehicles of enemy infiltration. Two foreign-based tech investors have also ended up in prison. Nizar Zakka, a Lebanese information technology expert with  permanent U.S. residency, was jailed in 2016 for 10 years for collaborating against the state. He had attended a conference in Tehran the previous year at the invitation of one of Iran s vice presidents, only to be arrested by the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps as he was going to the airport to leave the country. Iranian-American businessman Siamak Namazi also got 10 years in 2016 on charges of cooperating with the United States. While under arrest, Namazi appeared in an Iranian documentary seen by Reuters in which he said his mistake had been to accept money for his startup from an organization linked to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The Revolutionary Guards, a military force that runs an industrial empire, largely control telecommunications in Iran. However, tech entrepreneurs say the environment is generally supportive.  We haven t come across any of those governmental push-backs,  Adle said. In the longer term, the sanctions would make using the souq.com model to cash in on Iranian investments much harder. But Eddie Kerman, of London-based Indigo Holdings which links retail investors to Iranian tech firms, is optimistic.         American companies like Amazon might not be able to enter the Iranian market, but there is a significant possibility that European or Asian companies buy the larger Iranian players,  he said. ",1
18174,Former Thai PM Thaksin to be charged with royal insult: attorney general,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s ousted former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra will be charged with royal insult and computer crimes, the junta s attorney general said on Friday, a day after a court issued a second arrest warrant for his sister. Thaksin, whose populist movement s struggle with the Thai establishment has dominated politics for over a decade, lives in exile after fleeing Thailand to escape a jail sentence for corruption after he was overthrown in a 2006 coup. His sister, Yingluck Shinawatra, overthrown as prime minister in 2014, fled Thailand in August to avoid conviction in a criminal negligence case she said was politically motivated. She was jailed for five years in absentia. Attorney General Khemchai Chutiwong did not give details as to exactly how Thaksin had insulted the monarchy, which is protected by a stringent lese majeste law.  This is a criminal case,  he told a news conference.  Right now it remains to find the individual.  Supporters of the Shinawatras, who had the backing of poor, rural voters, have won every election since 2001. They remain a significant force ahead of a ballot the military has said could happen as early as next year. It was not clear whether the attorney general s office was referring to accusations of royal defamation against Thaksin that Thai police said they were investigating after he gave an interview to South Korean media in 2015. Reuters was unable to immediately contact Thaksin or his lawyers for comment. Republishing details of an alleged offense to the monarchy could also be a crime under a law that sets a sentence of up to 15 years for each offense of royal insult. Since taking power in a 2014 coup, the military government has pursued supporters of the Shinawatras and has jailed several leaders of the red-shirted political movement that backed them. A criminal court issued a second arrest warrant for Yingluck on Thursday for violating immigration law during her escape. Thaksin s son, Panthongtae Shinawatra, has also complained of victimization and this week called for the dropping of a money-laundering investigation against him. Thaksin has a home in Dubai but travels frequently. His Thai passports were revoked after the interview he gave in 2015 but he holds the passport of at least one other country. ",1
18175,Overcrowded Greek refugee camps ill-prepared for winter: UNHCR,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece must speed up winter preparations at refugee camps on islands in the Aegean Sea where there has been a sharp rise in arrivals, the United Nations refugee agency said on Friday. Nearly 5,000 refugees, mostly Syrian or Iraqi families, crossed from Turkey in September - a quarter of all arrivals this year, UNHCR data shows.  While that is a fraction of the nearly 1 million who arrived in 2015 - due to a European Union deal with Turkey to block that route - four of the five island camps are hosting two or three times as many people as they were designed for.  UNHCR urges action on the islands to ease overcrowding, improve shelter, and stock and distribute appropriate and sufficient aid items,  said Philippe Leclerc, UNHCR representative in Greece. In the Moria camp on the island of Lesbos, one of the main entry points, more than 1,500 people are in makeshift shelters or tents without insulation, flooring or heating, UNHCR said. They include pregnant women, people with disabilities, and very young children. On nearby Samos, about 400 people are living in  very difficult  conditions and another 300, including families and lone children, are sleeping in tents in the woods due to a lack of space in the camp, UNHCR said.  More than 3,000 people on Samos are crammed into facilities designed to hold 700.  In January, refugees in Greece suffered sub-zero temperatures when an icy spell gripped parts of the country and scores of summer tents were weighed down by snow. More than 60,000 refugees and migrants have been trapped in Greece since Balkan countries along the northward overland route to western Europe sealed their borders in March 2016.  UNHCR has been gradually reducing its involvement on the islands since national institutions took over most services in August. ",1
18176,"Trump expected to decertify Iran nuclear deal, official says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is expected to announce soon that he will decertify the landmark international deal to curb Iran s nuclear program, a senior administration official said on Thursday, in a step that potentially could cause the 2015 accord to unravel. The official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Trump is also expected to roll out a broader U.S. strategy on Iran that would be more confrontational. The Trump administration has frequently criticized Iran s conduct in the Middle East. Trump, who has called the pact an  embarrassment  and  the worst deal ever negotiated,  has been weighing whether it serves U.S. security interests as he faces an Oct. 15 deadline for certifying that Iran is complying with its terms.  We must not allow Iran ... to obtain nuclear weapons,  Trump said during a meeting with military leaders at the White House on Thursday, adding:  The Iranian regime supports terrorism and exports violence, bloodshed and chaos across the Middle East. That is why we must put an end to Iran s continued aggression and nuclear ambitions. They have not lived up to the spirit of their agreement.  Asked about his decision on whether to certify the landmark deal, Trump said:  You ll be hearing about Iran very shortly.  Supporters say its collapse could trigger a regional arms race and worsen Middle East tensions, while opponents say it went too far in easing sanctions without requiring that Iran end its nuclear program permanently. Iranian authorities have repeatedly said Tehran would not be the first to violate the accord, under which Iran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in return for lifting most international sanctions that had crippled its economy. If Trump declines to certify Iran s compliance, U.S. congressional leaders would have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions on Tehran suspended under the agreement. Whether Congress would be willing to reimpose sanctions is far from clear. While Republicans, and some Democrats, opposed the deal when it was approved in 2015, there is little obvious appetite in Congress for dealing with the Iran issue now. The prospect that Washington could renege on the pact, which was signed by the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China, the European Union and Iran, has worried some of the U.S. allies that helped negotiate it.  We, the Europeans, we have hammered this: the agreement is working,  said a European diplomat who asked to remain anonymous.  We as Europeans, have repeated ... it s impossible to reopen the agreement. Period. It s impossible.  French President Emmanuel Macron said last month there was no alternative to the nuclear accord, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). A senior Iranian diplomat told Reuters on Thursday the end result of Trump s expected move would be to isolate the United States since the Europeans would continue to support it.  Many foreign investors told us that they will not be scared away from Iran s market if Trump de-certifies the deal,  the diplomat said. Trump has long criticized the pact, a signature foreign policy achievement of his Democratic predecessor Barack Obama.  The administration was considering Oct. 12 for Trump to give a speech on Iran but no final decision had been made, an official said previously. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, a close ally of Trump, last month said that unless provisions in the accord removing restrictions on Iran s nuclear program over time are eliminated, it should be canceled.  Fix it, or nix it,  Netanyahu said in a speech at the U.N. General Assembly annual gathering of world leaders on Sept. 19. Many of Trump s fellow Republicans who control Congress also have been critical of the deal. Trump blasted the deal in his speech to the U.N. General Assembly, also on Sept. 19.  We cannot abide by an agreement if it provides cover for the eventual construction of a nuclear program,  Trump said, adding that Iran s government  masks a corrupt dictatorship behind the false guise of a democracy.  Trump is weighing a strategy that could allow more aggressive U.S. responses to Iran s forces, its Shi ite Muslim proxies in Iraq and Syria and its support for militant groups. Trump s defense secretary, Jim Mattis, told a congressional hearing on Tuesday that Iran was  fundamentally  in compliance with the agreement. He also said the United States should consider staying in the deal unless it were proven that Tehran was not abiding by it or that it was not in the U.S. national interest to do so. When Mattis was asked by a senator whether he thought staying in the deal was in the U.S. national security interest, he replied:  Yes, senator, I do.  Last week, Iran s foreign minister said Tehran may abandon the deal if Washington decides to withdraw.  A State Department official said the Trump administration was  fully committed to addressing the totality of Iranian threats and malign activities and seeks to bring about a change in the Iranian regime s behavior.  The official said that behavior includes ballistic missiles proliferation,  support for terrorism,  support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad,  unrelenting hostility to Israel,   consistently threatening freedom of navigation in the Persian Gulf,  cyber attacks against the United States and its allies, human rights abuses and  arbitrary detentions of U.S. citizens.   The JCPOA was expected to contribute to regional and international peace and security, and Iran s regime is doing everything in its power to undermine peace and security,  the State Department official added. The move also would represent another step by Trump that would undo key parts of Obama s legacy. If Trump moves to decertify the accord, it would mark another example of walking away from international commitments as he pursues his nationalist  America First  agenda. He previously announced plans to abandon the Paris climate accord and the ambitious 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, two key Obama achievements. ",1
18177,Iran nuclear deal should be preserved: Russia,"ASTANA (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday he hoped U.S. President Donald Trump would make a  balanced  decision on whether to remain engaged in the international deal to curb Iran s nuclear program.  It is very important to preserve it in its current form and of course the participation of the United States will be a very significant factor in this regard,  Lavrov told reporters on a visit to Kazakhstan. Under the deal, Iran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in return for lifting most international sanctions that had crippled its economy. Trump is expected to announce soon that he will decertify the deal, a senior White House official said on Thursday, in a step that potentially could cause the 2015 accord to unravel. Trump, who has called the pact an  embarrassment  and  the worst deal ever negotiated , has been weighing whether it serves U.S. security interests as he faces an Oct. 15 deadline for certifying that Iran is complying with its terms. If Trump declines to certify Iran s compliance, U.S. congressional leaders would have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions on Tehran suspended under the agreement. ",1
18178,EU Commission says all sides should stick to Iran deal terms,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission said on Friday that an international deal to curb Iran s nuclear program struck in 2015 was working and all sides should stick to their commitments. U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to announce soon that he will decertify the landmark agreement, a senior administration official said on Thursday. Trump faces an Oct. 15 deadline for certifying that Iran is complying with the deal s terms.  We are following very closely all the developments on the deal... reminding that it is a non-proliferation deal, which has been endorsed by the UN Security Council, that it s working, delivering as it has been verified eight times by the international agency for atomic energy,  a Commission spokeswoman told a news conference in Brussels.  It is a durable, long-term solution to the Iranian nuclear issue which gives all sides the necessary assurances and we expect all sides to stick to their commitments under the deal,  she added. ",1
18179,Catalan leader Puigdemont to speak in Catalan parliament on Tuesday,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont will speak in the regional parliament next Tuesday, a parliamentary spokeswoman said on Friday. Catalan parliamentary leaders will meet at 1330 GMT on Friday to decide the timing on this speech. It was unclear whether the meeting of the parliament scheduled for Monday to discuss the result of the banned referendum on splitting from Spain and a potential declaration of independence would still go ahead. Another regional government official, Raul Romeva, told BBC radio earlier that Catalonia s parliament would defy a Spanish court ban and go ahead on Monday with a debate that could lead to a declaration of independence from Spain. ",1
18180,Kremlin says Russian-Saudi military cooperation not aimed at anyone,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Friday that President Vladimir Putin and Saudi Arabia s King Salman had discussed military cooperation in talks on Thursday and said other countries should not worry about such ties.  Work on this will be continued,  Peskov told reporters on a conference call.  The improvement of military cooperation between Russia and Saudi Arabia ... is not directed against a third party and we believe it s groundless to express concern about this issue.   ",1
18181,Sixteen people killed in Russia after train collides with bus,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Sixteen people were killed on Friday when a train slammed into a bus that had broken down at a level crossing near Moscow, Russia s investigative committee said in a statement. The bus, which was carrying migrant workers from Uzbekistan, was shunted several hundred metres down the track, Russia s Rossiya 24 TV channel reported. Footage showed fragments of what was left of the bus strewn across the track. The train itself appeared to have sustained no visible damage.   The bus stalled on the track,  Vladimir Myagkov, a spokesman for Russian Railways, told Rossiya 24 at the crash site.  Some people say the passengers tried to push the bus off the track. At that moment the train approached and a collision occurred,  he said. Though carrying workers from the Central Asian nation of Uzbekistan, the bus had a license plate registered in Kazakhstan, Russian news agencies reported.  ",1
18182,"EU drugs agency, seeking staff, warns of Brexit budget hit","LONDON (Reuters) - Europe s drugs regulator has issued a 31.8 million-pound ($42 million) tender for temporary workers and warned it could face a major budget hit as it struggles with the fallout of Brexit, which will uproot it from London. Based in London s Canary Wharf since 1995, with a staff of around 890, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) acts as a one-stop-shop for approving and monitoring the safety of drugs across Europe. The agency has been applauded by drug companies and patient groups for streamlining Europe s drug approval process but its ability to operate smoothly is now being challenged by the enforced move to a new location from March 2019.  EMA is anticipating staff losses which will not only challenge the agency s operability but could also result in a major deficit in its budget,  the organization said in a statement on Friday, after a meeting of its management board. If operations are delayed or have to stop there could be a  dramatic drop  in fee income from companies that pay to have their products reviewed, which could be exacerbated by the cost of replacing staff, many of whom are expected to quit rather than leave London.  Such shortfall would need to be made up from the (European) Union budget,  the EMA said. Executive Director Guido Rasi told Reuters in an interview earlier this week that crucial work, from approving new drugs to running safety checks, would be put at risk if politicians picked an unsuitable new location. Preparing for the fallout of the move and the impact of Britain leaving the European Union is already creating extra work for the EMA and forcing it to cut back on some non-critical activities. Although the EMA regularly employs temporary workers, the scale of the new staffing tender is unusually large. The tender documents call for bi-lingual and multi-lingual staff with administrative, scientific, regulatory and legal expertise to work in the EMA's current London office. (tinyurl.com/yc29jj7b) The agency must be based in an EU country and political leaders are set to decide in a vote on Nov. 20 on a new location among 19 cities vying to host the organization. A staff survey last week found that between 19 and 94 percent of employees were likely to leave after the move, depending on which location was chosen. Picking Amsterdam, Barcelona, Vienna, Milan or Copenhagen as the new headquarters would be the best option for retaining staff, the survey found.  ",1
18183,Thirteen Chinese fishermen die as boat collides with oil tanker in Japan waters: state media,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Thirteen Chinese fishermen died after their boat collided with a Hong Kong oil tanker in international waters off Japan, state media Xinhua reported on Friday, citing sources at China s consulate in Osaka. Three people were found alive after Thursday s collision. It was not known if there was any damage to the tanker or what caused the accident. The two vessels collided 400 km (240 miles) north of the Oki Islands in the Sea of Japan, also known as the East Sea, east of North Korea, state media reported. The identities of the victims have not yet been confirmed, Xinhua reported. The 290-tonne Chinese fishing vessel Lurong Yuanyu 378 had 16 people on board, according to the South China Morning Post. All 21 crew members aboard the 63,294-tonne Hong Kong ship, Bright Oil Lucky, were safe, it said. ",1
18184,"Austria's conservatives, Social Democrats to sue each other ahead of vote","VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s co-governing Social Democrats (SPO) and conservative (OVP), who are leading in polls ahead of the Oct. 15 election, said on Friday they would sue each other in an escalating political smear scandal. A public outcry over derogatory Facebook pages targeting OVP leader Sebastian Kurz, run by campaign consultants hired by the SPO, has already led to the departure of its campaign manager and loss of popularity in a recent poll.  The limit has been reached. We re suing,  OVP general secretary Elisabeth Koestinger told a news conference. She said her party was preparing a libel suit against an employee of SPO campaign consultant Tal Silberstein, whom the SPO fired in August, to force him to retract comments that the OVP had offered him 100,000 euros ($116,980) to switch sides.  We are also preparing to sue the SPO in relation to incitement,  she said, adding the lawsuit could be broadened. SPO chairman Christoph Matznetter said the SPO was preparing a lawsuit against Kurz s spokesman seeking to clarify whether he did or did not offer money to Silberstein s employee. He said such an act could amount to bribery and  industrial espionage . SPO Chancellor Christian Kern, who has governed in a tension-ridden  grand coalition  with the OVP, has said he knew nothing of the  dirty campaigning  pages and has asked Facebook to unmask the people running them. At the behest of the SPO, Vienna prosecutors are investigating unnamed persons for defamation as the pages also included derogatory content aimed at Kern.  The OVP is leading pre-election polls at around 34 percent, while the SPO has slipped to third place at 22 percent below the far-right, anti-immigrant Freedom Party at 27 percent. ",1
18185,Denmark set to become next European country to ban burqas,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark looks set to become the next European country to restrict the burqa and the niqab, worn by some Muslim women, after most parties in the Danish parliament backed some sort of ban on facial coverings. Full and partial face veils such as burqas and niqabs divide opinion across Europe, setting advocates of religious freedom against secularists and those who argue that such garments are culturally alien or a symbol of the oppression of women. The niqab covers everything but the eyes, while the burqa also covers the eyes with a transparent veil. France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Bulgaria and the German state of Bavaria have all imposed some restrictions on the wearing of full-face veils in public places.  This is not a ban on religious clothing, this is a ban on masking,  Jacob Ellemann-Jensen, spokesman for the Liberal Party, told reporters on Friday after his party, the largest in the coalition government, decided to back a ban. This would effectively mean a ban on the niqab and the burqa, he added. Around 200 women in Denmark wear such garments, according to researchers. The three-party center-right minority government, its ally the Danish People s Party and the main opposition Social Democrats have all said they are in favor of a ban, though they are still discussing how the ban should be designed and enforced.  There will come a masking ban in Denmark. That s how it is,  Foreign Minister Anders Samuelsen said on Facebook. His party, the Liberal Alliance, had previously been one of the staunchest opponents of a ban, saying it limited people s ability to freely choose their attire, but has now aligned its stance with that of the other coalition parties, the Conservatives and the Liberals.  So if it is practically possible to have such a ban without betraying ourselves or our own values, then the Liberal Alliance will vote for it,  Samuelsen said. The Social Democrats, Denmark s biggest party, has also signaled support in principle for a ban on garments such as the burqa, which it said oppressed women.  We are ready to ban the burqa if that is what it takes ... But there are some dilemmas, not least with regards to how such a ban would be enforced,  said the Social Democrats  leader Mette Fredriksen during a debate in parliament on Thursday. Norway s government in June proposed a ban on face-covering Muslim veils in kindergartens, schools and universities.             ",1
18186,British PM May vows to stay as party plotters attempt to topple her,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday she would stay on as leader to provide stability after a former chairman of her  Conservative Party said he had garnered the support of 30 lawmakers who wanted her to quit. May is trying to face down a rebellion by some of her own lawmakers just as Britain enters a crucial stage in Brexit talks, 18 months before the country leaves the European Union and must redefine its place in the world. Some Conservative plotters say her authority is shattered beyond repair after a disastrous speech at her party s conference, which comes after she called a snap election and lost her party its majority in parliament. Speaking from her parliamentary constituency of Maidenhead in southern England, May said in a televised statement:  What the country needs is calm leadership and that s what I m providing with the full support of my cabinet.  Senior ministers rallied around May, who has just over a year to agree a divorce deal with the EU ahead of Britain s exit in March 2019. May said she planned to hold a scheduled meeting about Brexit with business leaders on Monday in Downing Street. But former party chairman Grant Shapps told BBC radio:  I think she should call a leadership election.  After May s bungled election, her failure to unite the cabinet and a poor party conference  the writing is on the wall,  he said. May s authority was already diminished by her decision to call a snap election in June that lost her party its majority in parliament days before Brexit talks opened. Though no Conservative ministers have publicly indicated any support for the plot, such a blunt demand for May to quit indicates the extent of her weakness while she attempts to navigate the intricacies of the negotiations to leave the EU. Her survival has so far been dependent on the absence of an obvious successor who could unite the party and the fear of an election that many Conservatives think would let opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn into power. Sterling fell earlier in the day but then rallied by around a quarter of a cent against the U.S. dollar following May s remarks. It later fell after U.S. payrolls data was released. May s speech to activists on Wednesday was ruined by coughing fits, a comedian handing her a bogus employment termination notice and by letters falling off the slogans on the set behind her. She had hoped to use the speech to her party in the northern English city of Manchester to revive her premiership.  Look, I ve had a cold all this week,  May said, adding that she would be updating lawmakers next week on her Brexit plans and introducing a draft bill to cap domestic energy prices. Shapps, who chaired the party between 2012 and 2015, said the plot to remove her existed before this week s party conference and included both supporters and opponents of Brexit. He said the group did not have a unified view on who should replace May. However, grassroots Conservative members did not share his desire for a change in leadership, said James Pearson, Vice President of the National Conservative Convention which represents the party s voluntary wing.  I don t think there s much support in the Conservative Party for Grant Shapps. I don t see this as anything that s really serious to be honest,  Pearson told Reuters.   The general feeling is we don t have the time or the appetite for a lengthy leadership election, nor do we actually want it,  Pearson, who sits on the Conservatives  Board, the party s ultimate decision-making body, added.     To trigger a formal leadership challenge, 48 Conservative lawmakers need to write to the chairman of the party s so-called 1922 committee.  Number 10 must be delighted to learn that it s Grant Shapps leading this alleged coup,  Charles Walker, vice-chairman of the 1922 committee, told BBC radio.  Grant has many talents, but one thing he doesn t have is a following in the party, so really I think this is now just going to fizzle out to be perfectly honest.  If May stays, talks on leaving the European Union will be guided by one of the weakest leaders in recent British history. EU diplomats and officials expressed astonishment about the uncertainty in London.  Supporters, including her most senior ministers, said she should remain in charge to deliver Brexit.     Under the headline  Theresa May will stay as Prime Minister and get the job done,  interior minister Amber Rudd wrote in The Telegraph newspaper that  she should stay . May s de facto deputy Damian Green said she would carry on. Environment Secretary Michael Gove also said he hoped she would continue.  I know that she is as determined as ever to get on with the job, she sees it as her duty to do so and she will carry on and she will make a success of this government,  Green, the first secretary of state, told BBC television. Many Conservative activists fear a leadership contest would exacerbate the divide in the party over Europe, an issue that helped sink the previous three Conservative prime ministers - David Cameron, John Major and Margaret Thatcher. A leadership contest could also pave the way for an election that some Conservatives worry could be won by Corbyn, whom they cast as a Marxist who would reverse decades of free market policies.  The Conservatives have no plan for Britain and their posturing will not deliver the change our country is crying out for,  Corbyn said on Friday. ",1
18187,ICAN chief's message to Trump and Kim: nuclear weapons are illegal,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The head of the Nobel Peace Prize winning International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons said on Friday that U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un should know that nuclear weapons are illegal. Asked for her message to the two leaders, ICAN s Executive Director Beatrice Fihn told Reuters:  Nuclear weapons are illegal. Threatening to use nuclear weapons is illegal. Having nuclear weapons, possessing nuclear weapons, developing nuclear weapons, is illegal, and they need to stop.  ",1
18188,Germany lauds anti-nuclear campaign winning Nobel Peace Prize,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany on Friday welcomed the Norwegian Nobel Committee s decision to award the Nobel Peace Prize to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN).  The government supports the goal of a world without nuclear weapons and congratulates the Nobel Prize committee on this choice,  a government spokeswoman told a regular government news conference in Berlin.  ",1
18189,"ICAN elated at Nobel Peace Prize, pays tribute to atom bomb survivors","GENEVA (Reuters) - A spokeswoman for International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) said on Friday the organization was overjoyed at that it had won the Nobel Peace Prize.  As you can imagine we are elated, this is great news,  Daniela Varano told Reuters.  It s great recognition for the work that the campaigners did throughout the years and especially the Hibakusha,  she said, referring to survivors of atom bombs in Japan.   Their testimony was critical, was crucial and for such an amazing success.  ",1
18190,Anti-nuclear campaign ICAN says Nobel Peace Prize a 'great honor',"OSLO (Reuters) - The International Campaign for the Abolition of Nuclear Weapons issued the following statement after winning the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize on Friday:  It is a great honor to have been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for 2017 in recognition of our role in achieving the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons.   This historic agreement, adopted on 7 July with the backing of 122 nations, offers a powerful, much-needed alternative to a world in which threats of mass destruction are allowed to prevail and, indeed, are escalating.  The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) is a coalition of non-governmental organizations in one hundred countries.   By harnessing the power of the people, we have worked to bring an end to the most destructive weapon ever created   the only weapon that poses an existential threat to all humanity.  This prize is a tribute to the tireless efforts of many millions of campaigners and concerned citizens worldwide who, ever since the dawn of the atomic age, have loudly protested nuclear weapons, insisting that they can serve no legitimate purpose and must be forever banished from the face of our earth.  It is a tribute also to the survivors of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki   the hibakusha   and victims of nuclear test explosions around the world, whose searing testimonies and unstinting advocacy were instrumental in securing this landmark agreement.  The treaty categorically outlaws the worst weapons of mass destruction and establishes a clear pathway to their total elimination. It is a response to the ever-deepening concern of the international community that any use of nuclear weapons would inflict catastrophic, widespread and long-lasting harm on people and our living planet.  We are proud to have played a major role its creation, including through advocacy and participation in diplomatic conferences, and we will work assiduously in coming years to ensure its full implementation. Any nation that seeks a more peaceful world, free from the nuclear menace, will sign and ratify this crucial accord without delay.  The belief of some governments that nuclear weapons are a legitimate and essential source of security is not only misguided, but also dangerous, for it incites proliferation and undermines disarmament. All nations should reject these weapons completely   before they are ever used again.  This is a time of great global tension, when fiery rhetoric could all too easily lead us, inexorably, to unspeakable horror. The specter of nuclear conflict looms large once more. If ever there were a moment for nations to declare their unequivocal opposition to nuclear weapons, that moment is now.  We applaud those nations that have already signed and ratified the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, and we urge all others to follow their lead. It offers a pathway forward at a time of alarming crisis. Disarmament is not a pipe dream, but an urgent humanitarian necessity.  We most humbly thank the Norwegian Nobel Committee. This award shines a needed light on the path the ban treaty provides towards a world free of nuclear weapons. Before it is too late, we must take that path.  ",1
18191,Text of Nobel Peace Prize award to anti-nuclear campaign ICAN,"OSLO (Reuters) - Following is the text of the Nobel Peace Prize award on Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons: The Norwegian Nobel Committee has decided to award the Nobel Peace Prize for 2017 to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN).  The organization is receiving the award for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons. We live in a world where the risk of nuclear weapons being used is greater than it has been for a long time. Some states are modernizing their nuclear arsenals, and there is a real danger that more countries will try to procure nuclear weapons, as exemplified by North Korea.  Nuclear weapons pose a constant threat to humanity and all life on earth. Through binding international agreements, the international community has previously adopted prohibitions against land mines, cluster munitions and biological and chemical weapons. Nuclear weapons are even more destructive, but have not yet been made the object of a similar international legal prohibition. Through its work, ICAN has helped to fill this legal gap. An important argument in the rationale for prohibiting nuclear weapons is the unacceptable human suffering that a nuclear war will cause. ICAN is a coalition of non-governmental organizations from around 100 different countries around the globe. The coalition has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world s nations to pledge to cooperate with all relevant stakeholders in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons. To date, 108 states have made such a commitment, known as the Humanitarian Pledge. Furthermore, ICAN has been the leading civil society actor in the endeavor to achieve a prohibition of nuclear weapons under international law. On 7 July 2017, 122 of the UN member states acceded to the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons.  As soon as the treaty has been ratified by 50 states, the ban on nuclear weapons will enter into force and will be binding under international law for all the countries that are party to the treaty. The Norwegian Nobel Committee is aware that an international legal prohibition will not in itself eliminate a single nuclear weapon, and that so far neither the states that already have nuclear weapons nor their closest allies support the nuclear weapon ban treaty.  The Committee wishes to emphasize that the next steps towards attaining a world free of nuclear weapons must involve the nuclear-armed states. This year s Peace Prize is therefore also a call upon these states to initiate serious negotiations with a view to the gradual, balanced and carefully monitored elimination of the almost 15,000 nuclear weapons in the world. Five of the states that currently have nuclear weapons   the USA, Russia, the United Kingdom, France and China   have already committed to this objective through their accession to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons of 1970. The Non-Proliferation Treaty will remain the primary international legal instrument for promoting nuclear disarmament and preventing the further spread of such weapons. It is now 71 years since the UN General Assembly, in its very first resolution, advocated the importance of nuclear disarmament and a nuclear weapon-free world. With this year s award, the Norwegian Nobel Committee wishes to pay tribute to ICAN for giving new momentum to the efforts to achieve this goal. The decision to award the Nobel Peace Prize for 2017 to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons has a solid grounding in Alfred Nobel s will.  The will specifies three different criteria for awarding the Peace Prize: the promotion of fraternity between nations, the advancement of disarmament and arms control and the holding and promotion of peace congresses. ICAN works vigorously to achieve nuclear disarmament.  ICAN and a majority of UN member states have contributed to fraternity between nations by supporting the Humanitarian Pledge. And through its inspiring and innovative support for the UN negotiations on a treaty banning nuclear weapons, ICAN has played a major part in bringing about what in our day and age is equivalent to an international peace congress. It is the firm conviction of the Norwegian Nobel Committee that ICAN, more than anyone else, has in the past year given the efforts to achieve a world without nuclear weapons a new direction and new vigor. ",1
18192,ICAN leader 'delighted' with Nobel Peace Prize: Nobel committee,"OSLO (Reuters) - The leader of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, Beatrice Fihn, was delighted with the news that the grassroots organization had been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, the awards committee s head, Berit Reiss-Andersen, told a news conference. ",1
18193,U.S. military says 'opting out' of some exercises following Gulf rift,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The United States is scaling back its involvement in some joint military exercises in the Gulf region, a spokesman said on Friday, following a rift between Qatar and its neighbors. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, along with Egypt, severed ties with Qatar in June, accusing it of supporting terrorism, in the most serious rift between the United States  Gulf Arab allies. Doha denies it supports terrorism and says the sanctions are intended to force it to change its foreign policies. Asked whether the United States had scaled back military operations with some Gulf Cooperation Council countries due to the rift, U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM) spokesman Colonel John Thomas said in an emailed statement:   We are opting out of some military exercises out of respect for the concept of inclusiveness and shared regional interests.  We will continue to encourage all partners to work together toward the sort of common solutions that enable security and stability in the region,  he added, without elaborating. The U.S. Central Command is responsible for 20 countries in the Middle East and South and Central Asia, from Egypt to Kazakhstan. The United States has sought to encourage its Arab allies to discuss their differences, which appear to revolve around Qatar s support for the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist group designated by Saudi Arabia and its allies as a terrorist organization. Gulf Arab states also accuse Qatar of cozying up to non-Arab Iran, which they accuse of trying to expand its influence in Arab countries by supporting Shi ite Muslim minorities, something Tehran denies. The United States maintains close military ties with all Gulf Arab states and regularly holds joint exercises. It has military bases in several of the counties, including Qatar which hosts the largest U.S. military base in the Middle East. ",1
18194,"U.N. braces for more Rohingya to flee, seeks access to Rakhine, Myanmar","GENEVA (Reuters) - Muslim Rohingyas continue to flee Myanmar to Bangladesh and the United Nations is bracing for possible  further exodus , the U.N. humanitarian aid chief said on Friday. Mark Lowcock, U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs, reiterated the world body s appeal for access to the population in northern Rakhine state saying that the current situation was  unacceptable .  This flow out of Myanmar has not stopped yet, it s into the hundreds of thousands of Rohingya (who are) still in Myanmar, we want to be ready in case there is a further exodus,  he told a news briefing in Geneva on Friday.  Half a million people do not pick up sticks and flee their country on a whim.  An estimated 2,000 Rohingya are escaping Rakhine daily for Bangladesh, where 515,000 have fled since violence erupted on Aug. 25, Joel Millman of the International Organization for Migration (IOM) told a separate briefing. ",1
18195,Vatican treasurer to face March court hearing in Australia over historical sex charges,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Vatican treasurer Cardinal George Pell will face a court hearing in Australia next year to answer what police have described as  historical sexual offences , a magistrate said on Friday, the most senior Roman Catholic official to face such accusations. Pell, 76, a top adviser to Pope Francis, did not speak as he was escorted to and from Melbourne Magistrates  Court by police through a group of media, protesters and supporters. He was not required to enter a plea. Australian police said in June Pell had been summoned to appear on charges of  historical sexual offences  from multiple complainants. Details of the charges have not been made public. Pell s lawyers have said at a previous hearing he will plead not guilty to all charges. He is not required to enter a formal plea until a magistrate determines whether there is cause for a full trial. At a 20-minute hearing on Friday, a magistrate said the matter should return on March 5 for a committal hearing to determine whether it should proceed to a full trial. The magistrate set aside four weeks for the committal hearing. Pell is on a leave of absence from his Vatican role as Francis  economy minister, which he started in 2014. The pontiff has said he will not comment on the case until it is over. ",1
18196,"Amsterdam mayor Van der Laan, who once snubbed Putin, dies of cancer","AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Eberhard van der Laan, Amsterdam s popular mayor, has died of lung cancer, the city said on Friday.  Van der Laan informed city residents of his illness in January, saying the prognosis left  little reason for optimism . When he retreated from public life three weeks ago, thousands gathered in front of his canal-side house to applaud for several minutes in a display of support. Van der Laan, 62, was known as an effective, pragmatic and sometimes combative mayor with a sense of humor.  When an  Occupy  tent camp arose in front of the stock market in October 2011, Van der Laan was a frequent visitor, engaging protesters in discussion. He allowed the tents to remain until a court ordered them cleared months later. One of his most remarkable moments on an international stage was in 2013 when Van der Laan said he was too busy to meet Vladimir Putin during the Russian president s visit to Amsterdam, and ordered a rainbow flag flown from city hall in protest at Russian policies against homosexuals.  The former lawyer served briefly as housing minister and shortly after becoming mayor in 2010 enforced a law banning squatting, sparking minor riots and banishing a long Amsterdam tradition to the fringes. Van der Laan is survived by his wife and five children from two marriages. ",1
18197,UK minister Gove says he hopes May will remain Prime Minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s environment minister and prominent Brexiteer Michael Gove said he hoped Theresa May would remain prime minister after party divisions over her future burst into the open on Friday, revealing a plot by up to 30 lawmakers to unseat her.  Theresa does have the qualities to be Prime Minister, she s been an excellent prime minister, I hope she carries on as our Prime Minister for years to come,  Gove told BBC radio.  ",1
18198,Both pro and anti-Brexit lawmakers back ousting PM May: former Conservative chairman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Former Conservative Party chairman Grant Shapps said on Friday that both supporters and opponents of Brexit were among the 30 lawmakers who back a plot to topple British Prime Minister Theresa May. Divisions over May s future burst into the open on Friday after her conference speech was ruined by a comedian, coughing fit and even letters falling off the slogans behind her on stage. Shapps told BBC radio that there was a broad range of lawmakers urging May to step down.    These are Remainers, they are Brexiteers. They would never automatically agree on a single candidate and this is not about promoting an individual,  he said. ",1
18199,"Indian military helicopter crashes near China border, seven dead","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - An Indian airforce helicopter crashed in a remote mountain region near the border with China on Friday, killing all seven personnel on board, officials said.  The Russian-made Mi-17 helicopter was ferrying military officials to a forward post in the northeastern state of Arunachal Pradesh, defense spokesman Suneet Newton said. India is trying to modernize its airforce with new planes and helicopters but the procurement process has been slow. Newton said the cause of Friday s crash was not known immediately. India has also been expanding its military infrastructure in the area to narrow the gap with China which has superior road and air links.     ",1
18200,Hungary PM warns against eroding free movement for EU citizens,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said Europe must focus on preserving the free movement of EU citizens as its leaders make plans to overhaul the bloc. Orban, a fierce critic of perceived bureaucratic over-reach from the European Union, said proposals to tighten labor rules and internal border controls jeopardize significant achievements in the European project.  While we make grand plans about the future of Europe the Schengen system (of border-free movement within the EU) is crumbling away in our hands,  he told state radio.  We have free movement of labor and we (some EU leaders) plan to restrict it.  ",1
18201,Guatemala prosecutors target ex-president for alleged corruption,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s attorney general and a U.N. anti-graft body accused the mayor of Guatemala City, Alvaro Arzu, of corruption on Thursday, adding him to a long list of influential politicians under investigation for suspected wrongdoing. Arzu, who was also Guatemalan president from 1996-2000, rejected the accusations after they were announced by Ivan Velasquez, head of the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG), and Attorney General Thelma Aldana. Velasquez, who has unsuccessfully tried to impeach President Jimmy Morales but was instrumental in bringing down his predecessor Otto Perez, said Arzu was suspected of creating fake payrolls and using public funds for his re-election bid in 2015.  It was possible to document existence of bogus positions in the Guatemala municipality,  Velasquez, a veteran Colombian prosecutor, told a news conference that Arzu also attended. Velasquez said the positions were created for relatives of Byron Lima, a former security official for Arzu and army captain who died in a prison riot in 2016 while serving a 20-year sentence for the murder of Bishop Juan Gerardi in 1998. Velasquez and Aldana, who worked together to bring charges against the now-imprisoned Perez, need Supreme Court approval to strip Arzu of the immunity he enjoys as an elected official. Arzu, one of the most influential politicians in Guatemala and mayor of the capital since 2004, tried to get hold of the microphone to face down his accusers during the news conference.  This pair are trying to get back at me because they couldn t carry out their  coup  with another president,  Arzu told reporters.  These were not bogus positions, those people came to work every day. They should go ahead and investigate me, I m not bothered (that they are trying to strip my immunity),  he said. Arzu has been a vigorous supporter of President Morales who, unlike Perez, managed to avoid being stripped of his immunity by Congress when it was put to a vote last month. That followed CICIG accusations that Morales used illicit campaign financing during his run for the presidency in 2015. Velasquez and Aldana have also accused Guatemala s main political parties of engaging in illegal campaign financing, setting much of the establishment against them. Former president Perez and his ex-vice-president are in prison and on trial for corruption. Many senior officials from his Cabinet are also under investigation for suspected graft. ",1
18202,"Stirred by same-sex marriage vote, Australia's youth gets serious","SYDNEY (Reuters) - It was supposed to relieve a headache for Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, but a postal vote on whether to legalize same-sex marriage has awakened interest in politics among young voters who could ultimately turf him out of office. There had been strong calls from the public for Australia to become the 25th nation to permit gay marriage, a move that Turnbull supports, but more conservative members of his Liberal Party oppose. Holding a wafer thin parliamentary majority of just one seat, Turnbull opted to call a non-binding ballot as it was  politically the least risky way of putting a highly emotive issue on the agenda. The fierce national debate that ensued persuaded many young Australians to take a far greater interest in politics than they had before. And while that might help Turnbull make the progressive,  liberal amendment to the marriage law that he personally supports, it could cost him in the long term as there is a strong likelihood that the new generation will lean toward the center-left Labor Party rather than his Liberals.  The issue of same-sex marriage has given the opposition a massive advantage in encouraging more young people, who are far more likely to vote for Labor, onto the electoral roll,  said Simon Banks, one-time chief of staff to former Labor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd. Young Australians previously have been tardy about registering to vote, knowing that once they do the law requires them to cast their ballot or face a fine of A$110 ($86). But the gay marriage issue persuaded more to get their name on the electoral roll.  I wasn t planning to register to vote, I wanted to wait another few years but I wanted to have my say, I wanted to vote  Yes ,  said Rebecca Rodgers, 18, a student from Darwin in Australia s remote north who supports same-sex marriage. The number of Australians aged under 25-year registered to vote now stands at a record high of nearly 1.65 million, making up just over 10 percent of the electorate. Looking at Australia s finely balanced electoral map, there are a number of key marginal seats that could be decided by these young voters the next time the country goes to the polls. Coming from Solomon, Northern Territories, a constituency where the Liberal Party s small majority is endangered, Rodgers has already made up her mind.  I will never vote for Turnbull,  said Rodgers, an indigenous Australian dissatisfied with the ruling party s efforts to tackle the social ills afflicting her community.  Labor supporters are hoping that the new generation of voters will deliver a  youthquake  similar to the one that nearly carried Britain s Labour Party to an unlikely election victory earlier this year. A conservative with social liberal credentials, Turnbull had enjoyed support spread across all age groups since coming to power in 2015. But that appeal has faded, particularly among young people facing dimmer prospects because of the sluggish economy. Nearly one-in-five young Australians are underemployed, according to the Brotherhood of St Laurence, an anti-poverty community and advocacy group. A lack of job opportunities has stoked inequality, and left many young Australians priced out of the property market that has seen home values soar by 69 percent in just nine years. With opinion polls against him, Turnbull would probably favor hanging on until the last possible moment in 2019 to call an election, but Australia hasn t been giving its prime ministers the luxury of time. Turnbull is the country s fifth prime minister in the last decade, and there is already a constitutional crisis brewing that could precipitate an early election. Australia s High Court will rule on Oct. 13 on whether deputy prime minister Barnaby Joyce can remain in parliament after being elected while holding dual citizenship, potentially ruling him ineligible under the country s constitution. If Joyce is ruled ineligible and Turnbull is forced to call an election, there will be little scope for him to win over the  youth vote without jeopardizing his core support among the more conservative middle-aged and retired voters, political analysts say.  The Liberal Party has always been very strong among over 55 s so the number one task is for the PM is to make sure that the core, base vote is as strong as he can make it,  said Grahame Morris, former chief of staff to John Howard, Australia s second longest serving prime minister.  If that base walks away, nothing else matters.      ",1
18203,Influential Australian Senator Nick Xenophon resigns,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Senator Nick Xenophon, a key independent lawmaker,  said on Friday he was resigning from national politics, potentially complicating Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull s efforts to pass legislation. Turnbull does not have a majority in the Senate and has relied on Xenophon s party, the fourth largest bloc in the upper house, to pass legislation.  Xenophon s replacement will come from his party, which bears his name, but is likely to be a far less experienced compared with Xenophon s nine years as a Senator.  Xenophon was a known quantity, he was experienced and as he saw, Turnbull could work with him,  said Peter Chen, senior lecturer in politics at the University of Sydney.   His potential replacement will be inexperienced, and that can be unpredictable. This will not be Turnbull s preferred choice.   Xenophon s future as a Senator was under a cloud due to him holding possible dual citizenship with Britain. Under the constitution a lawmaker must only hold Australian citizenship to be eligible to be elected to the national parliament. Xenophon had renounced his Greek citizenship, which he received from his mother, but had not been aware he held possible British citizenship. While he was born in Australia, his father was born in Cyprus, which was a British colony until independence in 1960. Xenophon s citizenship issue was due to be determined by Australia s High Court. Australia s High Court will next week rule on the eligibility of seven politicians, including Xenophon and Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce. Should Joyce be ruled ineligible, Turnbull will lose his majority in the lower house. In announcing his surprise resignation, Xenophon said he would stand for election in his home state of South Australia next year. State parliaments do not have the same citizenship rule as the national parliament.  I have increasingly concluded that you can t fix South Australia s problems in Canberra without first fixing our political system at home. South Australia politics is broken and politically bankrupt,  Xenophon told reporters in Adelaide. ",1
18204,"Spanish court suspends Catalan parliament session, throwing independence call in doubt","BARCELONA/MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s Constitutional Court on Thursday ordered the suspension of Monday s session of the regional Catalan parliament, throwing into doubt its plans to declare unilateral independence from Spain. The speaker of the Catalan parliament, Carme Forcadell, accused the Madrid government of using the courts to deal with political problems and said the regional assembly would not be censored. But she said parliamentary leaders had not yet decided whether to defy the central court and go ahead with the session. The suspension order further aggravated one of the biggest crises to hit Spain since the establishment of democracy on the 1975 death of General Francisco Franco. But Spanish markets rose on perceptions the order might ward off, at least for now, an outright independence declaration. Spanish Prime Mariano Rajoy called on Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont to drop independence plans or risk  greater evils . Secessionist Catalan politicians have pledged to unilaterally declare independence at Monday s session after Sunday s referendum, banned by Madrid and marked by violent scenes where Spanish police sought to hinder voting. The constitutional court said it had agreed to consider a legal challenge filed by the anti-secessionist Catalan Socialist Party.  Spanish shares and bonds, hit by the political turmoil in Catalonia, strengthened after the news of the court s decision. The main IBEX stock index rose 2.5 percent and the yield on Spain s 10-year bond fell. Spain s Economy Minister Luis de Guindos told Reuters in an interview the turmoil was damaging Catalonia.  This is generating uncertainty that is paralyzing all investment projects in Catalonia. I m convinced that, right now, not one international or national investor will take part in a new investment project until this is cleared up,  he said. Some of Catalonia s biggest businesses began taking steps to transfer their registered headquarters to other cities in Spain. The board of Spain s fifth-largest bank, Sabadell, decided at an extraordinary meeting on Thursday to move the bank s registered head office to Alicante, the bank said. The board of Caixabank, Spain s third-largest lender, will meet on Friday to study a possible transfer of its legal base away from Catalonia, a source familiar with the situation said. The Spanish government will approve a decree on Friday making it easier for companies to transfer their legal base out of Catalonia, two sources said, a move that could deal a serious blow to the region s finances as it considers independence. The new decree is tailor-made for Caixabank, sources familiar with the matter said, as it would make it possible for the bank to change its legal and tax base without having to hold a shareholders  meeting. Opinion polls conducted before the vote suggest a minority of around 40 percent of residents in Catalonia backed independence. But a majority wanted a referendum to be held, and the violent police crackdown angered Catalans across the divide.  In an interview with Spanish news agency EFE, Prime Minister Rajoy said the solution to the Catalan crisis was a prompt return to legality and  a statement as soon as possible that there will not be a unilateral declaration of independence, because that will also avoid greater evils.  He did not elaborate but ruling party lawmakers say Rajoy, a conservative who has taken a hard line on Catalan independence, is considering the unprecedented step of dissolving the Catalan parliament and triggering regional elections. Catalan officials released preliminary referendum results showing 90 percent support in favour of breaking away. But turnout was only about 43 percent as Catalans who favour remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the ballot and many polling stations were closed. Puigdemont said, in response to a question from the German Bild daily, he was not afraid of being arrested.  And I m not surprised any more about what the Spanish government is doing. My arrest is also possible, which would be a barbaric step.  Neither the Spanish government nor the judiciary has threatened to arrest Puigdemont, though Madrid accuses him of breaking the law by ignoring a Constitutional Court ruling forbidding the referendum. On Wednesday, in a televised address, Puigdemont renewed his call for mediation in the dispute but said the results of the referendum would have to be applied. Rajoy has ruled out international mediation as a format for resolving the future of Catalonia, offering instead all-party Spanish political talks to find a solution, on condition independence is taken off the table. Barcelona football club joined captain Andres Iniesta in calling for talks between the Spanish government and Catalan leaders to resolve the crisis.  We will go as far as people want it. But without the use of force,  Puigdemont told Bild.  I am sure that Spain will not be able to ignore the will of so many people.  ",1
18205,U.S. expulsion of Cuban diplomats includes all business officers,"HAVANA (Reuters) - The Cuban diplomats expelled from the United States this week included all those dealing with U.S. businesses, Cuba s embassy in Washington told Reuters on Thursday, dealing another blow to bilateral commercial ties. In an escalating crisis between the Cold War foes, the Trump administration on Tuesday expelled 15 diplomats to protest Communist-run Cuba s failure to protect U.S. embassy staff in Havana from a mysterious spate of alleged health attacks.   Due to this decision, the activities developed by the Economic and Trade Office of the Embassy of Cuba to the United States ... will be seriously affected,  one Cuban diplomat said in a farewell message to a U.S. group that takes investors to the Caribbean s largest island. The Cuban embassy is often the first step in the process for U.S. companies to explore opportunities and make a pitch. Officials help them submit a trip proposal, seek out counterparts at state-owned enterprises in the centralized economy, and receive a business visa to travel to Havana. Whether the embassy will still be issuing such visas remains unclear, given one diplomat will remain in the consular section. On the American side, the downgrade of the U.S. embassy - Washington last Friday ordered the departure of all non-emergency staff - will likely make it harder for U.S. companies to find their way in Cuba.  It s the chilling effect of a diplomatic crisis,  said Pedro Freyre, a Cuban-born attorney who heads the international practice at law firm Akerman. Some U.S. companies may choose to stay on the sidelines until relations improve, he said, adding that his clients already pursuing opportunities in Cuba were staying the course as they saw it as a long-term play. U.S. companies flocked to Cuba in the wake of the detente former Democratic President Barack Obama agreed in 2014. Some deals allowed by new exemptions to the decades-old U.S. embargo have come to fruition. American Airlines (AAL.O) and United Airlines (UAL.N) now run commercial flights to Cuba. Royal Caribbean (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N) operate cruises there. The original frenzy in U.S. commercial interest in Cuba was tempered by the realization that doing business in cash-strapped Cuba was difficult and even harder with a trade embargo in place. Businesses now face a hostile stance from Republican U.S. President Donald Trump, who in June ordered tighter restrictions on travel and trade that have yet to be unveiled. Last Friday, his administration issued a warning on travel to the island. ",1
18206,Russian hackers stole U.S. cyber secrets from NSA: media reports,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russian government-backed hackers stole highly classified U.S. cyber secrets in 2015 from the National Security Agency after a contractor put information on his home computer, two newspapers reported on Thursday. As reported first by The Wall Street Journal, citing unidentified sources, the theft included information on penetrating foreign computer networks and protecting against cyber attacks and is likely to be viewed as one of the most significant security breaches to date. In a later story, The Washington Post said the employee had worked at the NSA s Tailored Access Operations unit for elite hackers before he was fired in 2015. The NSA declined to comment, citing agency policy  never to comment on our affiliates or personnel issues.  Reuters was not able to independently verify the reports.  If confirmed, the hack would mark the latest in a series of breaches of classified data from the secretive intelligence agency, including the 2013 leaks of data on classified U.S. surveillance programs by contractor Edward Snowden. Another contractor, Harold Martin, is awaiting trial on charges that he took classified NSA material home. The Washington Post reported that Martin was not involved in the newly disclosed case.  Republican U.S. Senator Ben Sasse, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said in a statement responding to the Journal report that, if true, the details were alarming.   The NSA needs to get its head out of the sand and solve its contractor problem,  Sasse said.  Russia is a clear adversary in cyberspace and we can t afford these self-inflicted injuries.  Tensions are already high in Washington over U.S. allegations of a surge in hacking of American targets by Russians, including the targeting of state election agencies and the hacking of Democratic Party computers in a bid to sway the outcome of the 2016 presidential election in favor of Republican Donald Trump. Citing unidentified sources, both the Journal and the Post also reported that the contractor used antivirus software from Moscow-based Kaspersky Lab, the company whose products were banned from U.S. government networks last month because of suspicions they help the Kremlin conduct espionage.  Kaspersky Lab has strongly denied those allegations.  Russian government officials could have used flaws in Kaspersky software to hack into the machine in question, security experts told Reuters. They could also have intercepted traffic from the machine to Kaspersky computers. Kaspersky said in a statement on Thursday that it found itself caught in the middle of a geopolitical fight.  Kaspersky Lab has not been provided any evidence substantiating the company s involvement in the alleged incident reported by the Wall Street Journal,  it said.  It is unfortunate that news coverage of unproven claims continue to perpetuate accusations about the company.     The Department of Homeland Security on Sept. 13 banned Kaspersky products in federal networks, and the U.S. Senate approved a bill to ban them from use by the federal government, citing concerns the company may be a pawn of the Kremlin and poses a national security risk.  James Lewis, a cyber expert with the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies, said the report of the breach sounded credible, though he did not have firsthand information on what had transpired.   The baffling parts are that he was able to get stuff out of the building and that he was using Kaspersky, despite where he worked,  Lewis said. He said that intelligence agencies have considered Kaspersky products to be a source of risk for years. Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen, who led calls in Congress to purge Kaspersky Lab products from government networks, on Thursday called on the Trump administration to declassify information about threats posed by Kaspersky Lab.  It s a disservice to the public and our national security to continue withholding this information,  Shaheen said in a statement. ",1
18207,Saudi king says consensus with Russia on broadening relations: news agency,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi King Salman said there was consensus with Russia s leadership on broadening the scope of relations between the two countries following a meeting with President Vladimir Putin in Moscow, the Saudi state press agency reported on Friday.  We note with complete full satisfaction the matching opinions we sensed from the Russian leadership towards working to move the level of relations to a broader perspective,  the king told business officials in Moscow on Thursday evening. Putin hosted King Salman for talks at the Kremlin earlier in the day, cementing a relationship that is pivotal for world oil prices and could decide the outcome of the conflict in Syria. ",1
18208,"British PM May should call a leadership contest, former party chairman says","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May should call a leadership election and as many as 30 of her lawmakers support telling her to go, former Conservative Party chairman Grant Shapps said on  Friday.  I think she should call a leadership election,  Shapps told BBC Radio 5 live.  The writing is on the wall.  Shapps, who chaired the party between 2012 and 2015, said up to 30 Conservative lawmakers backed the bid to tell May to go. ",1
18209,Pakistan's top diplomat pushes back on U.S. claims of militant support,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Pakistan s foreign minister on Thursday described as  hollow allegations  comments by senior U.S. officials and lawmakers during his visit to Washington this week that questioned Islamabad s resolve in fighting militancy.     President Donald Trump s administration is seeking to implement its regional strategy. While U.S. officials have long been critical of the role Pakistan has played in Afghanistan, senior officials have been more pointed in recent days about Islamabad s alleged support for militant groups. Earlier this week, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the United States would try  one more time  to work with Pakistan in Afghanistan before Trump would  take whatever steps are necessary  to change Pakistan s behavior. On Tuesday, the top U.S. military officer said he believed Pakistan s main spy agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) directorate, had ties to the militant group.  You want us to sniff them out, we will do that. You want us to take action against them, whatever action you propose, we will do that... (but) these hollow allegations are not acceptable,  Pakistan s Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif told a group of reporters. In August, Trump outlined a new strategy for the war in Afghanistan, chastising Pakistan over its alleged support for Afghan militants. Reuters first reported that possible Trump administration responses being discussed include expanding U.S. drone strikes and perhaps eventually downgrading Pakistan s status as a major non-NATO ally. Asif singled out Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Service Committee, saying the senator was  playing to his constituents  when he criticized Pakistan.   We are not saying we are saints. Perhaps in the past, we made some mistakes. But since the last three, four years, we are wholeheartedly, single mindedly, we are targeting these terrorists,  Asif said. Asif said that Pakistan had less influence over the Taliban than in previous years, which could impact any efforts for peace talks to bring an end to the war in Afghanistan.  He added that U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson would be visiting Pakistan later this month. ",1
18210,"French, Nigerien forces operating where three U.S. soldiers killed","NIAMEY (Reuters) - French and Nigerien troops were conducting operations on Thursday in a region of Niger where three U.S. Army Special Forces members were killed the day before, becoming the first American soldiers to die in West Africa in decades. Three Nigerien soldiers were also killed and two U.S. soldiers wounded in the attack, which took place in a southwestern Niger region where insurgents are active, U.S. Africa Command spokeswoman Robyn Mack said. France s regional Barkhane force was asked to support a counterattack after the Niger and U.S. troops were ambushed, French army spokesman Colonel Patrick Steiger told a news conference in Paris.   It s not clear if the attackers knew the Americans were present,  said a Western security source.  Initial information suggests there was a trap that appeared designed to get them out of their vehicles and then they opened fire.  Insurgents in the area include militants from al Qaeda in Islamic Maghreb and a local branch of Islamic State, Mack said. The Western security source said al Qaeda and a relatively new group called Islamic State in the Greater Sahara were the main suspects, although no one had yet claimed responsibility.  Two other Niger security sources said four military helicopters had been sent to the region and that reinforcements arrived on Thursday morning in the Tillaberi area, where the attack took place. The Pentagon declined to discuss details, citing ongoing operations, but said the U.S. forces were part of a growing mission to bolster Niger s armed forces  ability to battle militants.   We extend our deepest condolences and sympathies to the families of the fallen, and those injured in this attack,  Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White told a news briefing. Nigerien army Colonel Abou Tagu  said the joint Nigerian-American patrol on the Mali-Niger border was ambushed by militants riding  in a dozen vehicles and about 20 motorcycles near the village of Tongo Tongo.  He cited intense fighting, saying the joint Nigerian-American force  showed courage.  He said four Nigerien soldiers were killed and eight were wounded. A statement by U.S. Africa Command on Thursday said one unspecified  partner nation member  had died but did not name the nation. In a speech on Thursday, Niger President Mahamadou Issoufou condemned the attack.  Our country has just been the victim of a terrorist attack that claimed a large number of victims,  he said. Islamist militants form part of a regional insurgency in the poor, sparsely populated deserts of West Africa s Sahel. Jihadists have stepped up attacks on U.N. peacekeepers, Malian soldiers and civilian targets since being driven back in northern Mali by a French-led military intervention in 2013.  Malian militant groups have expanded their reach into neighboring countries, including Niger, where a series of attacks by armed groups led the government in March to declare a state of emergency in the southwest. The European Union has pledged tens of millions of euros to a new regional force of five Sahelian countries - Niger, Mali, Chad, Burkina Faso and Mauritania - in a bid to contain Islamist militant groups. The United States also views the region as a growing priority. Rinaldo Depagne, West Africa project director at International Crisis Group, said the borderlands between Mali, Niger and Burkina Faso were  becoming a new permanent hotbed of violence , threatened by increasingly organized militant groups.  This shows the level of organization of these groups and also their confidence,  Depagne said.  Andrew Lebovich, a visiting fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations, said Wednesday s attack revealed how U.S. training of Nigerien forces  has accelerated and also verged into ongoing military operations .  The United States has about 800 service members in Niger, where it operates surveillance drones out of a $100 million base in the central city of Agadez to support the country s efforts to combat jihadists and protect its porous borders.  It has also sent troops to supply intelligence and other assistance to a multinational force battling the Nigerian Boko Haram militants near Niger s border with Nigeria. ",1
18211,Ready to fight again: The homeless Rohingya still backing Myanmar insurgency,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - For 28-year-old Rohingya Muslim shopkeeper Mohammed Rashid, the evening phone call from organizers of the fledgling insurgent movement came as a surprise.   Be ready,  was the message. A few hours later, after meeting in the darkness in an open field, he was one of 150 men who attacked a Myanmar Border Guard Police post armed with swords, homemade explosives and a few handguns. At the end of a short battle, half a dozen men he had grown up with in his village were dead.  We had no training, no weapons,  said Rashid, from the Buthidaung area of Myanmar s Rakhine state, who had joined the group just two months earlier. Accounts from some of those, like Rashid, who took part in attacks by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) on dozens of police posts early on Aug. 25 paint a picture of a rag-tag band of hopeless, angry villagers, who were promised AK-47 rifles but ended up fighting with sticks and knives. Hundreds joined as recently as June, according to the accounts, and membership meant little more than a knife and messages from leaders on the popular mobile messaging app Whatsapp.  Reuters interviewed half a dozen fighters and members of the group now sheltering in Bangladesh, as well as dozens of others among the more than half a million Rohingya refugees who have fled across the border to escape a Myanmar army counteroffensive that the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing. ARSA, which emerged in 2016, says in press releases and video messages from its leader, Ata Ullah, that it is fighting for the rights of the Rohingya, a stateless Muslim minority that has long complained of persecution in mainly Buddhist Myanmar. Myanmar says ARSA is a ruthless Islamist extremist movement that wants to create an Islamic republic in northern Rakhine. Despite the massive suffering inflicted on their communities in the weeks since the August attacks, most of the fighters now stuck in dirt-poor camps said they were determined to continue their fight and some refugees voiced support for the insurgency. Other refugees Reuters spoke to criticized the insurgents for bringing more misery upon them. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi s spokesman, Zaw Htay, said ARSA had killed many Muslims who had cooperated with the authorities and so  people have felt threatened and terrorized  into supporting it. He added that Myanmar s intelligence showed that religious scholars were prominent in recruiting followers. ARSA denies killing civilians, and did not respond to a request for comment this week. Analysts say the violence could galvanize ARSA members and supporters huddled in the refugee camps and among those Rohingya still in Myanmar, as people feel they have even less to lose.  A militancy like this finds fertile ground because of the desperation of the community,  said Richard Horsey, a Yangon-based analyst and former U.N. official.  They are willing to take suicidal steps because they don t see any other choice.  Transnational Islamist groups could also try to exploit the desperation in the camps to radicalize people, Horsey added. Al Qaeda last month called for support for the Rohingya. Reuters could not independently verify the individual insurgents  stories, but there were broad similarities in all of their accounts. One fighter, 35-year-old Kamal Hussain from a village in Rathedaung in Myanmar s Rakhine state, said he joined ARSA when a religious teacher stood in his village square in June, during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, and implored a crowd of hundreds to fight.   He said we have no choice but to attack Myanmar because our brothers and sisters are being killed day by day. I think everyone joined that day,  Hussain said, as he sat under a tarpaulin in a Bangladesh refugee camp.  We should attack again and again. I would go back to fight if I had the chance.  Unlike longer-serving fighters, most new joiners had little or no training or contact with the group s leaders, who communicated using Whatsapp and delivered rudimentary homemade explosives ahead of the assaults. A third fighter, his account supported by comments from two elders from his village interviewed separately, said he and about 60 men from Myin Hlut signed up three months ago.  The 26-year-old, who asked not to be named because he feared arrest by Bangladeshi authorities, said he was among 200 men who attacked another police checkpost in the early hours of Aug. 25.  We had only knives and sticks, no guns,  he said.  They promised us AK-47s but we got nothing. The explosives didn t work. We had two of them for the whole group, but when we threw them nothing happened.  About 40 fighters were killed, he said, but added that he would do it again if called on.  I still support ARSA,  he said.  If my leaders call me to go again and fight, I will go back.  According to two village-level commanders, there were Whatsapp groups restricted to leaders and others to members. Bigger groups, administered from overseas, were used to build broader community support for ARSA and the Rohingya cause.  On his phone, Shoket Ullah, an uncle of the 26-year-old fighter, scrolled through messages posted in the Whatsapp group  ARSA.G1 , administered through a Saudi phone number, where ARSA press releases, videos of alleged Myanmar military violence and messages of support for Rohingyas were shared. Another Whatsapp group on Ullah s phone,  Rohingya Desh Arakan , is administered by someone using a number from Malaysia. Tens of thousands of Rohingya live in both Saudi Arabia and Malaysia. Rohingya anger at Myanmar has long existed, but this is the first serious armed resistance in decades.  In the crowded Bangladeshi camps, several refugees voice support for ARSA.  I am disappointed and regret what happened but this was pre-planned by the Myanmar government,  said Shafi Rahman, a 45-year-old Burmese teacher whose village was burned to the ground the day after the attacks.  If ARSA didn t attack, they would have done this to us anyway.  Several refugees said some people had begun to sell cattle, vegetables and rice to raise funds for ARSA. Not everyone was supportive, however. When Kamal Hussain, the fighter, argued that ARSA needed to keep fighting, his neighbors in the camp shouted him down.  We have lost everything. Violence is not the answer,  shouted one elderly man, as muddy water spilled into the tent he now calls home.    It is not obvious how fighters would regroup and rebuild after so many have fled across the border or disappeared.  Three of the fighters who spoke to Reuters said they had been surprised by the ferocity of the Myanmar military s response, and within weeks commanders had told their men to put down their weapons and abandon their villages. Several said Whatsapp groups where regional and field commanders from ARSA, which before a rebranding this year called itself al-Yakin, or  Faith Movement , would post updates had gone quiet.   People who blame this on al-Yakin need to realize my people had to flee in 1978 and in the 1990s when there was no ARSA,  said one of the two village-level commanders, who grew up in Bangladesh after his family fled an earlier outbreak of violence, but returned to Myanmar in the 1990s.  We should continue to attack. Even women can join.  ",1
18212,Bangladesh carving out forest land to shelter desperate Rohingya,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Hard-pressed to find space for a massive influx of Rohingya Muslim refugees, Bangladesh plans to chop down forest trees to extend a tent city sheltering destitute families fleeing ethnic violence in neighboring Myanmar. More than half a million Rohingya have arrived from Myanmar s western state of Rakhine since the end of August in what the United Nations has called the world s fastest-developing refugee emergency. The exodus began after Myanmar security forces responded to Rohingya militants  attacks on Aug. 25 by launching a brutal crackdown that the United Nations has denounced as ethnic cleansing. Myanmar has rejected that accusation, insisting that the military action was needed to combat  terrorists  who had killed civilians and burnt villages. But it has left Bangladesh and international humanitarian organizations counting the cost as they race to provide life-saving food, water and medical care for the displaced Rohingya. Simply finding enough empty ground to accommodate the refugees is a huge problem.  The government allocated 2,000 acres when the number of refugees was nearly 400,000,  Mohammad Shah Kamal, Bangladesh s secretary of disaster management and relief, told Reuters on Thursday.  Now that the numbers have gone up by more than 100,000 and people are still coming. So, the government has to allocate 1,000 acres (400 hectares) of forest land.  Once all the trees are felled, aid workers plan to put up 150,000 tarpaulin shelters in their place.   Swamped by refugees, poor Bangladeshi villagers are faced with mounting hardships and worries, including the trafficking of illegal drugs, particularly methamphetamines, from Myanmar.  The situation is very bad,  said Kazi Abdur Rahman, a senior official in the Bangladesh border district of Cox s Bazar, where most of the Rohingya are settled.  People in Cox s Bazar are concerned, we are also concerned, but there s nothing we can do but accommodate them.  The pressure on the land is creating another conflict, this time environmental rather than ethnic. Last month, wild elephants trampled two refugees to death and Rahman said more such encounters appeared inevitable as more forest is destroyed. U.N. agencies coordinating aid appealed on Wednesday for $434 million to help up to 1.2 million people, most of them children, for six months.  Their figure includes the 515,000 who have arrived since  August, more than 300,000 Rohingya who were already in Bangladesh, having fled earlier suppression, a contingency for another 91,000 and 300,000 Bangladesh villagers in so-called host communities who also need help. The Save the Children aid group warned of a malnutrition crisis with some 281,000 people in need of urgent nutrition support, including 145,000 children under five and more than 50,000 pregnant and breastfeeding women.  In over 20 years as a humanitarian worker, I ve never seen a situation like this, where people are so desperate for basic assistance and conditions so dire,  Unni Krishnan, director of Save the Children s Emergency Health Unit, said in a statement. U.N. agencies are wary of planning beyond six months for fear or creating a self-perpetuating crisis. Myanmar has promised to take back anyone verified as a refugee but there s little hope for speedy repatriation. There is long-simmering communal tension and animosity toward the Rohingya in Myanmar, most of whom are stateless and derided as illegal immigrants.  This crisis isn t going to end soon,  said a Bangladeshi  interior ministry official who declined to be identified. ",1
18213,"Theresa May should stay on as British PM, interior minister says","LONDON (Reuters) - Theresa May should stay on as British prime minister despite mishaps in her keynote party conference speech, Home Secretary Amber Rudd wrote in The Telegraph newspaper. Under the headline  Theresa May will stay as Prime Minister  and get the job done,  Rudd said the government would deliver Brexit under May s leadership.  She should stay,  Rudd wrote in the article that will appear in the newspaper on Friday. Rudd said May s conference speech was at times a little hard to watch but added that the prime minister dealt with the interruptions with guts and grace. ",1
18214,U.N. blacklists Saudi-led coalition for killing children in Yemen,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations blacklisted a Saudi Arabia-led military coalition on Thursday for killing and injuring 683 children in Yemen and attacking dozens of schools and hospitals in 2016, even as it said the coalition had taken action to improve child protection. The blacklist attached to the U.N. annual report on children in armed conflict also named the Iran-allied Houthi rebel group, Yemen government forces, pro-government militia and Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula for violations against children in 2016. The U.N. report said the Houthis and affiliated forces killed and injured 414 children in 2016.  The report from U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres was submitted to the Security Council on Thursday and seen by Reuters. A draft of the blacklist was reported by Reuters on Tuesday. The actions of the Saudi-led coalition  objectively led  to it being blacklisted for killing and injuring 683 children and for 38 attacks on schools and hospitals last year, the report said, adding that all incidents were verified by the U.N. The coalition had been briefly added to the blacklist in 2016 and then removed by then-U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon pending review. At the time, Ban accused Saudi Arabia of exerting  unacceptable  undue pressure after sources told Reuters that Riyadh threatened to cut some U.N. funding. Saudi Arabia denied threatening Ban. In an effort to dampen controversy surrounding the report, the blacklist this year is split into two categories. One lists parties that have put in place measures to protect children,  which includes the Saudi-led military coalition, and the other includes parties that have not. The report, which was produced by U.N. Children and Armed Conflict envoy Virginia Gamba and issued in Guterres  name, does not subject those listed to U.N. action but rather shames parties to conflicts in the hope of pushing them to implement measures to protect children. Guterres spoke with Saudi King Salman by phone on Wednesday. U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said:  They had a very positive discussion on issues of mutual interest, including the situation in the Middle East and beyond.  Saudi U.N. Ambassador Abdallah Al-Mouallimi plans to hold a news conference on Friday.  Yemen has been devastated by more than two years of civil war in which President Abd-Rabu Mansour Hadi s government, backed by the Saudi-led coalition, is fighting to drive the Houthis out of cities they seized in 2014 and 2015. More than 10,000 people have been killed and the conflict has ruined the economy and pushed millions to the brink of famine. The Houthis control much of northern Yemen, including the capital, Sanaa. U.N. sanctions monitors reported to the Security Council in January that the Saudi-led coalition had carried out attacks in Yemen that  may amount to war crimes.  Riyadh denies the allegation. The U.N. sanctions monitors said at the time that the coalition was made up of Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt, Jordan, Morocco and Sudan.  The coalition has received limited U.S. support, including in logistics. Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are major recipients of U.S. arms. Saudi Arabia is also a major customer of British defense companies.  The coalition needs to stop making empty promises to exercise caution, take concrete action to stop these deadly unlawful attacks in Yemen, and allow desperately needed fuel and aid to reach those in need,  said Jo Becker, children s rights advocacy director at Human Rights Watch.  Until this happens, governments should suspend all Saudi weapons sales,  she said.  The annual children and armed conflict report is produced at the request of the U.N. Security Council. In 2015 the United Nations left Israel and the Palestinian militant group Hamas off the blacklist, after they had been included in an earlier draft, but criticized Israel over its 2014 military operations. ",1
18215,Saudi Arabia says it dismantles Islamic State cell in Riyadh,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia said on Thursday it had dismantled an Islamic State cell in the capital Riyadh, in connection with a plot to launch a suicide attack on the defense ministry. Two militants were killed and five others arrested in raids on three locations on Wednesday, an official source in the newly-created Presidency of State Security said in a statement on state-run television. Deadly bombing and shooting attacks have been mounted by Islamic State militants against security forces and Shi ite Muslims in Saudi Arabia. Islamic State has for years criticized the leadership of the Western-allied kingdom, the world s top oil exporter, accusing it of deviating from their strict interpretation of Islam and advancing the interests of their U.S. enemies. Thursday s statement said a suicide bomber in the eastern Riyadh district of al-Rimal detonated his vest after security forces surrounded a house used to manufacture suicide vests and explosives. Another militant was killed by security forces after he holed up with firearms in an apartment in the western district of al-Namar, it said.  The third raid was at a horse stable in the southern Riyadh suburb of al-Ghanamia which the statement said had been used as a headquarters. Security forces seized firearms and bomb-making materials, shown on state television along with a burned out car and a damaged building where the first militant had blown himself up. The suspects were not identified. Security forces closed off several areas in Riyadh on Wednesday, and videos shared online showed a plume of smoke rising at one location. The plot to attack the defense ministry, uncovered last month, allegedly involved two Yemeni nationals and two Saudi citizens. A Saudi security source said at the time that one of the detainees was a member of the armed Houthi movement, which is locked in a 2-1/2-year-old war with a Saudi-led coalition in Yemen. ",1
18216,Pakistan army says state exploring how to integrate militant-linked groups,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The Pakistani army on Thursday said the government was discussing ways to try to integrate militant-linked groups into the mainstream of the country s politics. Milli Muslim League (MML), a new militant party controlled by Islamist Hafiz Saeed, backed a candidate in the September by-election for a seat vacated by ousted Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in the eastern city of Lahore. The United States has offered a $10 million bounty for Saeed s capture. Reuters reported last month that the foray into politics by MML and other Islamists groups followed the integration plan. Three of Sharif s confidants and a retired army general said it had been presented by Inter Services Intelligence to Sharif last year, but the then premier had rejected it. Army spokesman Major-General Asif Ghafoor did not comment on the military s role in any such strategy but told a news conference in Islamabad the plan was aimed at developing a constructive role for them.  Asked about the MML party loyal to Hafiz Saeed, whom the United States and India accuse of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai attacks that killed 166 people, the army spokesman said it was part of  a process that has started .   It is in my knowledge that the government has started some discussion over it, that, how do we mainstream them, so that they could do constructive contribution,  Ghafoor said.  A government spokesman did not respond to calls. Pakistan s interior ministry has asked the country s electoral commission not to register Saeed s party, but hasn t taken any other steps to stop it. Another militant party is  campaigning for a by-election later in October. It remains unclear whether the army or the ISI went ahead with its plan despite Sharif s rejection, or if the military and the civilian government have recently agreed on the idea. Another Islamist designated a terrorist by the United States, Fazlur Rehman Khalil, told Reuters he too planned to form his own party soon.  Within two weeks of Sharif s ouster, the MML party was announced. It later got the backing of Saeed and his lieutenants in the by-election to secure five per cent of the vote. The other hardline party, Tehrik-e-Labaik Pakistan, gained over six per cent of votes by riding on the back of a blasphemy killer Mumtaz Qadri whom it called a hero and a martyr.  Saeed has been under house arrest since January in the eastern city of Lahore.  MML is the political wing of Saeed s charity Jamaat-ud-Dawa, JuD. JuD and Khalil s Ansar ul-Umma organization are both seen by the United States as fronts for militant groups the army has been accused of sponsoring against neighbors, arch-foe India and Afghanistan - a charge the army denies. Reports of the plan to bring militant-linked groups into the political mainstream have stirred debate at home and abroad.  Now, how to take it further - that, the time to come will tell,  Ghafoor, the army spokesman  said,  For that, the government will take a decision.    ",1
18217,U.S. poised to lift sanctions on Sudan: official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is preparing to lift decades-old economic sanctions against Sudan, citing improvement on human rights and progress on counter-terrorism, a U.S. official said on Thursday. President Donald Trump s administration is expected to announce its decision as early as Friday, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. Shortly before leaving office, former President Barack Obama temporarily eased penalties that had been in place for 20 years against the African nation. In July, the Trump administration postponed for three months a decision on whether to remove the sanctions completely, setting up an Oct. 12 deadline. Lifting the sanctions, which is opposed by some human rights advocates, will suspend a trade embargo, unfreeze assets and remove financial restrictions that have hobbled the Sudanese economy. It will also mark a major turnaround for the government of President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, who once played host to Osama bin Laden and is wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of orchestrating genocide in Darfur. Sudan will remain, for now, on the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism - alongside Iran and Syria - which carries a ban on weapons sales and restrictions on U.S. aid.  But the sanctions decision reflects a U.S. assessment that Sudan has made progress in meeting Washington s demands, including cooperation on counter-terrorism, working to resolve internal conflicts and allowing more humanitarian aid into Darfur and other rebellious border areas, the official said. U.S. officials also made clear in July their concern about Sudan s suspected ties to North Korea. The planned sanctions relief suggests that Khartoum has provided assurances it will abide by international sanctions against North Korea over its missile and nuclear programs, as Washington had urged. The White House declined comment. There was no immediate comment from the State Department. Sudan s State Minister for Foreign Affairs Hamed Momtaz told Reuters on Wednesday in Khartoum:  Sudan has fulfilled all the necessary conditions relating to the roadmap, and the U.S. administration is a witness to that and therefore we expect the sanctions to be lifted.  Rights groups raised concerns that it would be premature to remove sanctions.  It s a serious mistake for these sanctions to be lifted permanently when Sudan has made no progress on human rights,  said Andrea Prasow, deputy director of the Washington office of Human Rights Watch.  A government that continues to indiscriminately bomb its own population and imprison human rights activists shouldn t be rewarded.  Speaking before word of the U.S. decision, Al-Buraq al-Nazir al-Warraq, executive manager of the Sudanese Observatory for Human Rights, a group suspended by the government, said taking away sanctions could  pave the way  for further rights abuse by Sudan s government. The United States first imposed sanctions on Sudan in 1997, including a trade embargo and blocking the government s assets, for human rights violations and terrorism concerns. ",1
18218,Hurricane relief efforts delay deployment of U.S. troops to Afghanistan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. military assistance for hurricane relief efforts has delayed the deployment of additional forces to Afghanistan, the Pentagon said on Thursday.  Forces are flowing to Afghanistan, they have been slightly delayed by ongoing hurricane relief efforts,  Lieutenant General Kenneth McKenzie, joint staff director, told reporters.  U.S. officials have told Reuters that the United States will send about 3,500 additional troops to Afghanistan. Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands were battered by hurricanes Irma and Maria. Hurricane Maria knocked out power to Puerto Rico s 3.4 million residents last month, devastating the island s already dilapidated electric power infrastructure. There are about 11,000 U.S. troops assisting in relief efforts to Puerto Rico, along with a number of naval vessels, according to the Pentagon.  McKenzie added that relief efforts would also slow the deployment of the Wasp, an amphibious assault ship, to the Pacific at a time of heightened tension between North Korea and the United States. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said earlier this week that hurricane relief efforts could have an impact on troop deployments, but did not specifically mention Afghanistan.  We are ready to go even to the point that it s going to impact the deployments, perhaps, of some of these troops overseas next year, because we ve interrupted their preparation,  Mattis told a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing. ",1
18219,"Russia, Saudi Arabia cement new friendship with king's visit","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin hosted Saudi Arabia s King Salman for talks at the Kremlin on Thursday, cementing a relationship that is pivotal for world oil prices and could decide the outcome of the conflict in Syria. King Salman, the first sitting Saudi monarch ever to visit Russia, led a delegation to Moscow that agreed joint investment deals worth several billion dollars, providing much-needed investment for a Russian economy battered by low oil prices and Western sanctions. Saudi Arabia said it had signed a memorandum of understanding on the purchase from Russia of S-400 air defense systems. That marked a shift for the kingdom, which buys most of its military kit from the United States and Britain. On the political front, there was no sign of any substantial breakthrough on the issues that have long divided Moscow and Riyadh, including the fact that they back rival sides in Syria s war. However, any discord was eclipsed by mutual expressions of respect, and the pomp and ceremony laid on by Russian officials to greet the Saudi king.  On his journey into central Moscow from Vnukovo airport late on Wednesday, King Salman s limousine passed billboards bearing his photograph and messages in Russian and Arabic welcoming him. On Thursday, Putin received the monarch in the gold-decorated St. Andrew Hall, one of the grandest spaces in the Kremlin, attended by soldiers in ceremonial dress and with an orchestra playing their countries  national anthems.  I am sure that your visit will provide a good impulse for the development of relations between our two states,  Putin told King Salman later as they sat alongside each other in the Kremlin s lavishly-decorated Green Parlour. Russia and Saudi Arabia, despite their differences, have been drawn together by a common interest in propping up flagging world oil prices, and by the fact that Moscow, since its military intervention in Syria, has clout in the Middle East that other players in the region cannot ignore.  The Saudi king invited Putin to visit his country - an offer the Russian leader accepted - and said they planned to keep cooperating to keep world oil prices stable. Moscow and Riyadh worked together to secure a deal between OPEC and other oil producers to cut output until the end of March 2018, helping support prices. Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said Saudi Arabia was  flexible  regarding Moscow s suggestion to extend the pact until the end of next year. The message of further joint Saudi-Russia action on output helped push up oil prices on Thursday. Brent crude was up more than 2 percent at $57.12 a barrel by 1615 GMT. In Syria, Riyadh supports rebels fighting President Bashar al-Assad s army, while Russian and Iranian forces have sided with Assad. This leaves Moscow aligned with Saudi Arabia s arch-rival Iran, whose influence Riyadh fears is growing in the region. Briefing the media after the talks, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov focused on the common ground, saying the two leaders had agreed on the importance of fighting terrorism, finding peaceful solutions to conflicts in the Middle East, and on the principle of territorial integrity. His Saudi counterpart, Adel al-Jubeir, said new horizons had opened for Russia-Saudi ties that he could not previously have imagined.   Relations between Russia and Saudi Arabia have reached a historical moment,  said Jubeir, speaking through an interpreter.  We are certain that the further strengthening of Russian-Saudi relations will have a positive impact on strengthening stability and security in the region and the world.  A package of investments announced during the visit will go some way to plugging the vacuum left by sluggish Western investment in Russia that is, in part, a result of sanctions imposed after Moscow annexed Crimea in 2014. Among the deals was an agreement between Russian sovereign wealth fund RDIF and Saudi Arabia s Public Investment Fund to invest up to $100 million in transport projects in Russia. The two countries also signed a deal to set up a $1 billion joint investment fund.  Another memorandum of understanding was signed under which Russian petrochemicals firm Sibur would explore cooperation with Saudi Arabia.  RDIF head Kirill Dmitriev said his fund was interested in partnering with Saudi investors to acquire a minority stake in Russian oilfield services firm Eurasia Drilling. Absent from the slew of deals was any agreement on Saudi Aramco taking a stake in an Arctic liquefied natural gas project run by Russia s Novatek. Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said earlier this month that Saudi officials were studying joint gas projects with Novatek. However, Aramco chief executive Amin Nasser said such a deal was not being discussed at this stage. ",1
18220,"After British PM May's speech fiasco, her party puzzles: Who next?","LONDON (Reuters) - It was meant to be the speech that rescued Theresa May s premiership, but her public humiliation before the assembled Conservative Party has thrust her own future into doubt. And, just as she tries to revive Brexit talks. May s authority was already shattered by her botched bet on a June snap election that lost her party its majority in parliament just days before the opening of formal Brexit talks with the European Union. But her survival has been dependent on the absence of an obvious successor who could unite the split party around Brexit and fear of an election that many Conservatives think would let opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn into power. ""I don't think anybody wants May to stay because they particularly want her as PM: I think lots of people want her to stay because the time is not yet right for what they want to happen next,"" said Anand Menon, professor of European politics at King's College London, who attended the party conference. (Graphics on 'Tracking the Brexit effect' - here)  All they are talking about behind the scenes is whether she stays or goes, and that is a massive distraction as the UK faces this unprecedented challenge of Brexit.  Even after the speech, there is no obvious successor because of rivalries and divisions. Those most often mentioned are foreign minister Boris Johnson, finance minister Philip Hammond, interior minister Amber Rudd, and Brexit minister David Davis. But as Conservative lawmakers decide whether to proceed with May, Britain has just over one year to negotiate the terms of the EU divorce and the outlines of the future relationship. It  is due to leave in late March 2019. If May stays, Brexit talks will be guided by one of the weakest leaders in recent British history. But if May goes, Britain would be thrust into another political crisis while the clock ticks down to Brexit. Many business leaders   in Britain and the EU   now fear a disorderly exit that would imperil Britain s $2.5 trillion economy, shock global financial markets and undermine London s position as the only financial center to rival New York.   Yesterday was humiliating for May,  said one EU diplomat.  The whole country, the public mood in Britain is completely from a different planet. The whole island took off and is orbiting in their own galaxy. How can you turn this around?  Sterling fell to a fresh three-week low on Thursday. It was down 0.8 percent at $1.3144 against the dollar. On the day of the Brexit vote, the pound it traded at about $1.50. In one of the most bizarre British political speeches in a generation, May s address to her annual conference was ruined by a comedian handing her a bogus employment termination letter  signed  rival Johnson, by repeated coughing fits and even by letters falling off the slogans on the set behind her. May battled on to finish the speech and was greeted by applause in the hall and a hug from her own husband, Philip, who bounded onto the stage to embrace her. Immediately after the speech, her spokesman said she was happy with the way it had gone. But the British media were less enthusiastic.  May on final warning after speech shambles,  The Times front page headline said. The Guardian said:  Coughing and spluttering - May s British dream turns into nightmare , while the i said:  Last gasp . The Sun, Britain s most popular newspaper, compared the party to the 1970s television classic  Fawlty Towers  in which Monty Python star John Cleese plays Basil who runs a shambolic hotel while complaining about foreigners.   Like the sign outside Fawlty Towers, the missing letters behind Theresa May are an emblem of a tragicomic farce. Who needs Basil s hotel? We now have the Tory Party,  The Sun said in an editorial.  This entire party has come unstuck.  Business minister Greg Clark said the Conservatives should stay cool-headed and praised May for showing guts and grace by coping with the interruptions to her speech. Spokesmen for both Downing Street and the Conservative Party declined to comment. Many Conservative activists fear another leadership contest will exacerbate the divide in the party over Europe, an issue which helped sink the last three Conservative prime ministers - David Cameron, John Major and Margaret Thatcher.  And many worry that a leadership contest would pave the way for an election victory by Labour s Corbyn, who they cast as a Marxist seeking to impose a socialist fantasy on Britain. While Johnson is popular with some activists, the leader of the leave campaign in the 2016 referendum would not get the support of many Brexit opponents in the parliamentary party. Some lawmakers want a younger generation to take over but feel that no single candidate from their group is yet ready.  One Conservative activist said there was a one in three chance of a leadership challenge by the end of the year. For a challenge, 48 Conservative lawmakers need to write to the chairman of the 1922 Committee asking for a confidence vote. The problem for May, the activist said on the condition of anonymity, was that the media will now focus on every slight mishap to cast her as a flawed leader.  I m finding it increasingly difficult to see a way forward at the moment and it worries me,  Conservative lawmaker Ed Vaizey told the BBC. ",1
18221,Libyan sides call Boris Johnson's bodies remark 'unacceptable',"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Senior figures from across Libya s political divides protested on Thursday against remarks by British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson about clearing dead bodies from the city of Sirte. Johnson told members of his Conservative Party on Tuesday that British investors had a  brilliant vision  to turn Sirte, a former stronghold of Islamic State, into the next Dubai if bodies could be cleared away.     Lawmakers from Libya s House of Representatives (HOR), who represent political and military factions based in the east of the country, called the comments unacceptable. The HOR s foreign affairs committee issued a statement demanding  a clarification from the British prime minister and an apology to the Libyan people . The head of Libya s U.N.- and Western-backed government, which is based in Tripoli and has been spurned by the HOR, also asked for clarification during a meeting with the British ambassador in the capital.   Some of what was said in (Johnson s) statement is unacceptable,  said a statement from Fayez Seraj, head of the U.N.-backed government. Johnson s comments led to calls for his resignation from British political opponents. He accused them of playing politics, saying on Twitter that he had been referring to the clearing of booby-trapped bodies of Islamic State militants.  Local Libyan forces backed by U.S. air strikes fought for more than six months last year to oust militants from Sirte, which Islamic State had turned into its most important base outside the Middle East. The coastal city of about 80,000 was badly damaged during the campaign and is struggling to rebuild.  The HOR has been based in eastern Libya since 2014 when a conflict in Tripoli led to the setting up of rival parliaments and governments in the capital and the east. Its cooperation is considered crucial for the progress of a new U.N. plan to stabilize Libya and the ending of turmoil that began after the NATO-backed uprising that toppled Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. ",1
18222,Hacking attacks: a pre-election setback for Italy's 5-Star Movement,"ROME (Reuters) - Hacking attacks on the web platform used by Italy s 5-Star Movement to select representatives and shape policy threaten to dent confidence in its methods before a parliamentary election it is well placed to win. Internet-based direct democracy, in which members vote online, is a hallmark of the anti-establishment group that first entered parliament in 2013 and leads many opinion polls before the election, due to be held by May.  Gianroberto Casaleggio, the late internet guru who co-founded 5-Star in 2009, believed the web would eventually supplant representative democracy, the system under which all eligible citizens vote on representatives to pass laws for them. But in August anonymous hackers broke into 5-Star s web platform, called  Rousseau  after the 18th century Swiss-born philosopher, and obtained secret data on its members and donors. It is unclear whether there will be any impact on 5-Star s election performance. But if it cannot secure its web platforms, it will be hard to continue using the online methods that set it apart from other political groups.  Public worries over theft of personal data could also make it difficult for 5-Star to attract new members. It already has only a modest membership although it has won millions of votes at the polls with promises to clean up politics and offer universal income support for the poor.  The hacking problem is very serious for 5-Star because it undermines the credibility of their direct democracy message,  sociology professor Luca Ricolfi told Reuters.  It will probably be overshadowed by bigger issues ahead of the election, but it hurts their image and is something they will absolutely have to resolve.  Casaleggio Associati, a web consultancy company that runs 5-Star s platforms and is headed by Gianroberto s son Davide, said security would be improved before the online election of the movement s new leader last month. Despite this, the election was dogged by hacking attacks which hampered voting and contributed to only 37,000 of 5-Star s 140,000 members casting an online ballot. The voting deadline had to be extended twice as members were unable to log on or connect to necessary web pages.  One hacker published screenshots showing the system had been infiltrated again and that it had been possible to vote several times using the accounts of certified 5-Star members.  Rousseau s content systems are outdated and its level of security is totally inadequate,  said David Puente, a computer expert and web developer who worked for Casaleggio Associati for four-and-a-half years until 2011. Umberto Rapetto, a cyber security expert who used to head the computer crime division of Italy s finance police, called Rousseau  a rudimentary platform with a host of weak points . Davide Casaleggio declined to answer questions for this article. Puente, a 5-Star member, said it would now be hard to update Rousseau without sacrificing many functions that have been added recently, meaning the only solution was to  dismantle everything and start all over again.  That would not be easy even if Casaleggio agreed. Hackers around the world have regularly penetrated the computer systems of public agencies and multinational companies with millions of euros to spend on cyber security. Casaleggio Associati has fewer than 20 employees, posted revenues of less than a million euros in 2016 and has run a loss for the last three years. 5-Star s new leader, 31-year-old Luigi Di Maio, says Rousseau s problems are understandable as it is a  startup  launched only last year. He says web-based democracy can work not only in 5-Star but in all branches of Italian politics. Yet many computer experts are skeptical about both Rousseau and internet democracy in general. One common criticism is a lack of transparency, as in only two of 5-Star s dozens of online votes has Casaleggio named an independent company to verify the regularity of the process. Critics also say there can be no guarantee that voters are anonymous to platform managers, or that the voter casts only one ballot or is not watched or coerced while he votes.  Creating a structure that offers the same guarantees as paper ballots would be incredibly difficult,  said cyber security strategist Corrado Giustozzi, a member of the European Union Agency for Network and Information Security.     ",1
18223,Cyprus says it agrees with Spain to postpone southern EU summit,"NICOSIA (Reuters) - Cyprus said on Thursday it had postponed a summit of leaders of southern EU states after discussions with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, embroiled in a crisis over Catalan secession efforts. The meeting had been due to take place in the Cypriot capital Nicosia from Oct. 9 to 10. Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades spoke  extensively  with Rajoy on Thursday, and it was agreed it would be postponed, a statement from the Cypriot Presidency said.  President Anastasiades expressed his absolute support and solidarity of Cyprus to the Spanish Prime Minister and his Government towards the efforts he is exerting for a united Spain, and against the secessionist attempts by Catalonia,  it said.  ",1
18224,Spain to make it easier for firms to move base from Catalonia as business alarm deepens,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s government will issue a decree on Friday making it easier for firms to transfer their legal base out of Catalonia, two sources said, in a move that could deal a serious blow to the region s finances as it considers declaring independence. The decree is tailor-made for Spanish lender Caixabank, sources familiar with the matter said, as it would make it possible for the bank to transfer its legal and tax base to another location without having to hold a shareholders  meeting as stated in its statutes.  The government is working on changing the law so that it s no longer need to have a shareholders  meeting, which would delay a change of the legal base in a case of emergency,  one of the sources said. The government and Caixabank declined to comment. The board of Caixabank will meet on Friday to study a possible transfer of its legal base away from Catalonia due to the political uncertainty in the region, a source familiar with the situation said. Caixabank is Catalonia s biggest company by market value and accounts for around 50 percent of the region s banking sector. Another Catalonia-based bank, Sabadell, Spain s fifth-biggest lender, decided on Thursday to move its base from Catalonia to Alicante, on Spain s eastern coast. Catalonia s parliament was planning to declare independence on Monday, after a banned referendum marred by violence last weekend. That plan was cast into doubt on Thursday when Spain s Constitutional Court ordered that Monday s session of the Catalan parliament be suspended. The political crisis was  generating uncertainty that is paralyzing all investment projects in Catalonia,  Spanish Economy Minister Luis de Guindos told Reuters on Thursday.  I m convinced that, right now, not one international or national investor will take part in a new investment project until this is cleared up,  he said. Shares in Sabadell and Caixabank have been pummeled this week. Reports they might move caused the stocks to surge on Thursday - Sabadell rose 6 percent and Caixabank 5 percent. Government plans to sell a stake in state-run lender Bankia have also been put off because of the uncertainty, de Guindos said. Madrid will look at the placement again once the Catalan situation had been resolved, he said. However, Catalonia s planned unilateral declaration of independence has not had any impact on Spain s overall economic output, de Guindos said, reiterating that he expected growth of more than 3 percent this year. Financial markets have been shaken this week by fears that secession would undermine the euro zone s fourth-biggest economy, dealing a heavy blow to Spain s finances and sending the Catalan economy into a tailspin. Catalonia is a center of industry and tourism that accounts for a fifth of Spain s economy, a production base for major multinationals from Volkswagen to Nestle, and home to Europe s fastest-growing sea port. News earlier this week that two small listed Catalan companies, Eurona Wireless Telecom and Oryzon Genomics, had decided to shift their head offices improved their share price. Both declined to say whether they were responding to Sunday s vote. Spain s bond and stock markets both staged a recovery on Thursday after the Constitutional Court s decision and a Bloomberg report that Catalan separatists were looking at putting off a declaration of independence to create room for a negotiated settlement with Spain. The nation s borrowing costs hit a seven-month high on Thursday, though investors showed solid interest in a government bond auction. Many Spanish business leaders and foreign companies with operations in Catalonia have expressed concern this week.  As a businessman, as a Spaniard and as a person, I am very worried and I am scared by what s going on (in Catalonia),  said Juan Roig, chairman of Spain s biggest food retailer, Mercadona. The influential Catalan business lobby Cercle d Economia said on Wednesday it was extremely worried by the prospect of Catalonia declaring independence from Spain and called for leaders from both sides to start talks. Dutch paint maker Akzo Nobel, which has several plants in Catalonia, said it was monitoring developments.  From a business perspective, we are best served by a stable environment and will adapt when necessary,  said Akzo Nobel spokeswoman Diana Abrahams. German carmaker Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) was earlier this week forced to halt production briefly on one of three production lines at the Catalonia plant of its Spanish unit, SEAT, when protests disrupted parts supply. Stoppages also affected production at Nestle s instant coffee plant in Girona. SEAT said on Thursday it was operating its business as usual.  It is too early to make an assessment on what could happen,  a spokesman said.  The company is closely monitoring how the current situation is evolving.  ",1
18225,Russia hunting four people behind huge bomb hoax campaign,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The head of Russia s FSB security service said on Thursday Moscow knew the identities of four Russian citizens responsible for a wave of bomb hoaxes. The anonymous phone calls have caused huge disruption at shopping centers, train stations and public buildings across Russia since last month. Alexander Bortnikov, the head of the FSB, told reporters on Thursday that authorities knew the identities of those responsible, Russian news agencies reported. He said they were four Russian citizens based abroad with  accomplices  inside Russia. Bortnikov was also quoted as saying that Moscow was working with foreign authorities to try to locate and extradite the hoaxers, who he said had used IP phones to call in their threats, making it hard to trace them. ",1
18226,Spanish lender Sabadell to transfer legal base to Alicante - spokeswoman,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish lender Sabadell decided on Thursday to transfer its legal base from Catalonia to Alicante, a bank spokeswoman said. The decision by Banco Sabadell, Spain s fifth biggest lender, comes as businesses in the wealthy northeastern region are growing increasingly worried about political upheaval there as the Catalan parliament considers whether to press ahead with a plan to unilaterally declare independence from Spain. ",1
18227,Support for Austrian ruling party slips ahead of Oct. 15 vote: poll,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Support for Austria s ruling Social Democrats has slipped since a scandal embroiled the party ahead of an Oct. 15 election but they are in a tight battle with the far right for second place, a poll showed on Thursday. Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz s conservative People s Party had 34 percent ahead of the far right Freedom Party on 27 percent, according to the Research Affairs poll published by tabloid daily Oesterreich. Chancellor Christian Kern s Social Democrats had 22 percent down 2 percentage points but given a margin of error of 4.3 percent second place was too close to call. The Social Democrats said last weekend it was unwittingly involved in two Facebook accounts that made unsubstantiated allegations against Kurz and the party chairman announced his resignation. Details of the scandal were unclear.  The party launched an investigation and a spokesman for the Vienna prosecutor s office said on Thursday it had opened a defamation inquiry against persons unknown based on a complaint by the Social Democrats.  We are conducting an investigation against persons unknown for defamation,  a spokesman for the Vienna prosecutors  office said.  Of course, we must now approach Facebook and ask if they can help us further in seeking out these persons unknown.  Facebook said on Wednesday in response to a request for help from the Social Democrats:  We are assessing the request and will reply once that assessment is complete.      Like many polls in Austria, the online survey carried out from Monday to Wednesday had a relatively small sample size    of 600 people and a wide margin of error. The People s Party shot to first place in opinion polls when Kurz took over as its leader in May. Other parties were on 6 percent or less. ",1
18228,Suicide bombing at southwest Pakistan shrine kills 18,"QUETTA, Pakistan (Reuters) - A suicide bombing at a shrine in southwest Pakistan killed 18 people and wounded more than 30 on Thursday in the latest sectarian attack in Baluchistan province, authorities said.  Minority Islamic groups in the province are routinely attacked by militant outfits including Islamic State, which has claimed responsibility for several bombings.      A police officer apprehended the bomber at the entrance to the Sufi shrine and was among those killed, but his heroic action reduced the number of casualties, Baluchistan home minister Sarfraz Bugti told Reuters.  Local government official Ahmed Aziz Tarrar said 16 people were killed and over 30 wounded in the blast.   We have received 16 bodies at the local hospital and many injured. The severely wounded are being moved to other facilities,  district heath official Rukhsani Magsi said.  Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack via its Amaq news service. The shrine in the district of Jhal Magsi was packed with devotees mourning the death of a local spiritual leader.  Such incidents fuel concern about security for projects in the $57 billion China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, a planned transport and energy route from western China to Baluchistan s deep-water port of Gwadar. The province has been rocked by violence on two fronts for over a decade. As well as the Taliban and other Sunni Islamist militants, Baluchistan separatists mount attacks on targets linked to the central government.  A suicide bomber killed 52 people and wounded over 100 at a Baluchistan Sufi shrine in November last year, in an attack claimed by Islamic State. In February, IS attacked a Sufi shrine in Pakistan s southern Sindh province, killing 83 people. ",1
18229,U.S. condemns arrest of Istanbul consulate worker,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A U.S. consulate employee in Istanbul was arrested on charges of links to a cleric blamed for last year s failed coup, Turkish authorities said on Thursday, a move condemned by Washington as baseless and damaging to ties between the NATO allies. President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said the locally-recruited consulate worker had been in contact with Adil Oksuz, a theology professor dubbed the  imam of the air force  for his alleged close links to coup plotters high up in the military.  The arrested U.S. consulate worker was found to have had frequent communication with the FETO suspect Adil Oksuz,  Ibrahim Kalin told reporters, using Erdogan s acronym for the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen that Erdogan accuses of engineering the coup attempt. The U.S. Embassy in Ankara said it was deeply disturbed by the arrest of the locally employed staff member.  Baseless, anonymous allegations against our employees undermine and devalue (the) longstanding partnership  between the United States and Turkey, the embassy said in a statement. Turkey s Foreign Ministry said the arrested individual was not on the official list of registered personnel for the U.S. consulate and therefore had no diplomatic or consular immunity. U.S.-Turkish tensions have risen over U.S. military support for Kurdish YPG fighters in Syria, considered by Ankara to be an extension of the banned PKK which has waged an insurgency for three decades in southeast Turkey. Turkey has also pressed, so far in vain, for the United States to extradite Gulen over the July 2016 putsch, in which more than 240 people were killed. Gulen denies any involvement.  Authorities say Oksuz, the theology professor, helped orchestrate the bombing of parliament by rogue air force pilots during the coup bid. He was detained near an Ankara air base hours after the coup was put down, only to be released by a judge two days later. He has been on the run since. The state-run Anadolu news agency identified the consulate employee as a male Turkish citizen and said he was arrested late Wednesday on charges of espionage and attempts to damage the constitutional order and Turkey s government. Since the coup attempt, more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over alleged links to Gulen, while 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the public and private sectors. Human rights groups and some of Turkey s Western allies have voiced concern about the crackdown, fearing Erdogan is using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government says only such a purge could neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network, which it says deeply infiltrated institutions such as the army, schools and courts. Friction with the United States has also arisen from the indictment last month by a U.S. court of Turkey s former economy minister Zafer Caglayan.  Caglayan and the ex-head of a state-owned Turkish bank were charged with conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran by illegally moving hundreds of millions of dollars through the U.S. financial system on Tehran s behalf. Turkey says Caglayan acted within international law and that charges against him amounted to a coup attempt through American courts. ",1
18230,'Trump dossier' on Russia links now part of special counsel's probe: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The special counsel investigating whether Russia tried to sway the 2016 U.S. election has taken over FBI inquiries into a former British spy s dossier of allegations of Russian financial and personal links to President Donald Trump s campaign and associates, sources familiar with the inquiry told Reuters. A report compiled by former MI6 officer Christopher Steele identified Russian businessmen and others whom U.S. intelligence analysts have concluded are Russian intelligence officers or working on behalf of the Russian government. A spokesman for special counsel Robert Mueller declined comment. The FBI also declined comment. Three sources with knowledge of Mueller s probe said his investigators have assumed control of multiple inquiries into allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered in the election to benefit Trump, a Republican. Russia has repeatedly denied any meddling in the election. Two officials familiar with the investigations said that both Mueller s team and the Senate Intelligence Committee are seeking any evidence that former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort or others who had financial dealings with Russia might have helped Kremlin intelligence agencies target email hacking and social media postings undermining Trump s election opponent, Democrat Hillary Clinton. On Wednesday, the Senate panel s chairman Richard Burr told reporters that the issue of whether Trump s campaign colluded with Russia remains an open question.  We have not come to any determination on collusion,  Burr said. Trump, who has called allegations of campaign collusion with Moscow a hoax, has faced questions about the matter since he took office in January.     Trump was told by former FBI director James Comey that Steele s report contained salacious material about the businessman-turned-president. Burr said on Wednesday that the Senate panel had made several attempts to contact Steele and to meet him and  those offers have gone unaccepted.   The committee cannot really decide the credibility of the dossier without understanding things like who paid for it, who are your sources and sub-sources,  Burr said.  Burr said the panel wanted to finish its investigation by the end of the year. Although several news organizations, including Reuters, were briefed on Steele s dossier before the election in November, most decided not to report on the material because its inflammatory and sometimes salacious content could not be verified. In a report published in January four U.S. intelligence agencies said they took the dossier s allegations seriously. Separately, three Russian businessmen, Mikhail Fridman, Petr Aven and German Khan have sued Washington investigations firm Fusion GPS and its founder, Glenn Simpson, with allegations that they were libeled in Steele s dossier. A spokeswoman for Simpson and Fusion GPS declined to comment on the lawsuit filed on Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Washington. The lawsuit said that Steele s reports were  gravely damaging  to the businessmen because they accused them  of criminal conduct and alleged cooperation with the  Kremlin  to influence the 2016 presidential election.   The information on Trump collected by Steele, whom officials say was one of MI6 s most respected Russia hands, was laid out last year in political  opposition research  initially financed by supporters of one of Trump s Republican primary election opponents. After Trump won the Republican nomination in July, backers of Clinton picked up the support of Steele s work. The lawsuit said the dossier s allegations are false in implying an improper  ongoing  relationship between the businessmen, the Alfa Group financial company in which they were investors and Russian President Vladimir Putin, and that a Russian government official acted as middleman in such contacts. ",1
18231,"Syria fighting worst since Aleppo, air strikes deadly: aid agencies","GENEVA (Reuters) - Syria is in the throes of its worst fighting since the battle for eastern Aleppo last year, with heavy air strikes causing hundreds of civilian casualties, aid agencies said on Thursday. Hospitals, schools and people fleeing violence have been  targeted by direct air strikes  that may amount to war crimes, the United Nations said, without apportioning blame. Russia and a U.S.-led coalition are carrying out separate air strikes in Syria ostensibly aimed at defeating Islamic State militants.   September was the deadliest month of 2017 for civilians with daily reports of attacks on residential areas resulting in hundreds of conflict-related deaths and injuries,  U.N. regional humanitarian coordinator Panos Moumtzis said in a statement. Air strikes killed dozens this week in Raqqa, where 8,000 people remain trapped, and at least 149 people, mostly women and children, in residential areas of rebel-dominated Idlib province in Syria s northwest in the last 12 days of September, he said. Explosions in Damascus killed 20 people and civilian casualties were also reported in rural areas around the Syrian capital and in Hama, Aleppo and Deir al-Zor, Moumtzis said, again without saying who was responsible. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said in a statement that up to 10 hospitals were reported to have been damaged in the past 10 days.   We have seen a number of hospitals being targeted, we got very worrying reports and converging reports about hospitals, schools, civilian infrastructure being targeted,  Robert Mardini, ICRC regional director for the Middle East, told Reuters in an interview in his Geneva office.  And of course this is outrageous, unacceptable,  he said, adding that damage to Sham hospital in Idlib alone had cut off half a million people from access to health care. The ICRC voiced alarm that violence was occurring in many of the  de-escalation  areas including Idlib, rural Hama and eastern Ghouta.  Taken together, these are the worst levels of violence since the battle for Aleppo in 2016,  it said.  Hundreds of civilians killed is certainly a very conservative figure,  Mardini said.  We see a very strong correlation between the escalation and the intensification in the fighting on one hand and the human cost of this conflict, the attacks on health facilities and civilian infrastructure.  Syria s six-year-old civil war pits President Bashar al-Assad s government supported by Russia and Iran against a myriad number of rebel factions, some Western-backed, and Islamist militant groups. Military jets believed to be Russian killed at least 60 civilians trying to flee heavy fighting in the oil-rich Deir al-Zor province when their small boats were targeted as they sought to cross the Euphrates River, opposition activists, former residents and a war monitor said late on Wednesday. The U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State in Syria has carried out air strikes that have also caused civilian casualties, which it says it goes to great lengths to avoid.  The point here is not to point fingers,  Mardini said, declining to identify suspected perpetrators of deadly strikes.  What should be non-negotiable is the respect for the laws of war, everywhere in Syria. This is absolutely critical today.   ",1
18232,U.S. officials cite need for caution in addressing Rohingya crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sanctions on Myanmar and withholding of U.S. aid are among options for pressing that country s government to stop attacks on Rohingya Muslims, U.S. officials said on Thursday, adding that they must be careful to avoid worsening the crisis.  We don t want to take actions that exacerbate their suffering. There is that risk in this complicated environment,  Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Patrick Murphy told a U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee hearing. Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims have fled Myanmar s Rakhine state since security forces responded to Rohingya militants  attacks on Aug. 25 by launching a crackdown the United Nations has denounced as ethnic cleansing. Myanmar rejects that accusation, insisting action was needed to combat  terrorists  who killed civilians. But it has left the world community counting the cost as international organizations and the government of Bangladesh, which has taken in the vast majority of the refugees, race to provide food, water and medical care. Many U.S. lawmakers have clamored for a strong U.S. response to the crisis and criticized government leader Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel peace laureate once hugely popular in Washington, for failing to do more. Representative Ed Royce, the Foreign Affairs committee s Republican chairman, said her recent statement denying that the military had conducted  clearance operations  was  factually false  and said she should speak out.  Those responsible for these atrocities must face justice. She and the military generals must rise to this challenge. This is ethnic cleansing,  Royce said. Representative Eliot Engel, the committee s top Democrat, was one of several committee members who said Washington should reconsider its decision to ease sanctions on the country and military. In particular, they called on Myanmar to allow international inspectors access to Rakhine State.  We re sitting here in our white shirts and our suits and these people are being slaughtered and thrown out of their country,  Republican Representative Scott Perry said.  Somebody needs to take action,  he added. Murphy said efforts were under way to identify individuals responsible for rights violation. Representative Ted Yoho, chairman of the panel s Asia subcommittee, asked if it would be effective to suspend aid to Myanmar s government until they allowed U.N. inspectors into Rakhine state. Kate Somvongsiri, a witness from the U.S. Agency for International Development, said that would be considered.  With the gravity of the situation, we obviously need to look at all the possible tools of leverage on the table,  she said. ",1
18233,No decision yet on whether to go ahead with Monday's Catalan parliament session: Speaker,"(Reuters) - A Spanish Constitutional Court ruling suspending a session of the Catalan parliament that planned to declare Catalonia s independence from Spain damages freedom of expression, the speaker of the region s parliament said on Thursday. But Carme Forcadell said the parliament had taken no decision yet on whether Monday s session would go ahead. The court s decision to suspend Monday s session before it had been formally convened  harms freedom of expression and the right of initiative of members of this parliament and shows once more how the courts are being used to solve political problems,  she told reporters. ",1
18234,Libyans flee by boat amid 'terrible' violence at home,"ABOARD SEEFUCHS RESCUE SHIP (Reuters) - Just before the sun dipped into the Mediterranean on Saturday, rescuers spotted a tiny wooden boat on the horizon. It turned out to contain five young Libyans fleeing violence and turmoil who were waving their arms for help. The crew of the Seefuchs plucked them from the old fishing boat, gave them water and couscous and one of the men, 26-year-old Hamza Tekbali, explained why they had fled their country.  Libya is terrible,  Tekbali told Reuters as he waited to be transferred to an Italian coast guard vessel.  In Libya, if you do not kill, they will kill you,  he said, adding that he feared he would be sent straight back home. The Seefuchs, a ship operated by the humanitarian group Sea-Eye, carried the men to Catania, Italy, on Wednesday along with 16 other Libyans picked up on Sunday. Already this year some 800 Libyans have reached Italy by sea, more than double the number for the whole of 2016, according to data collected by the U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR). The number is a fraction of the more than 100,000 non-Libyan migrants who have come to Italy from the country since January, but it suggests that the situation is deteriorating for Libyans in their own country. Migrants traveling through Libya from elsewhere in Africa en route to Europe already face terrible conditions.  For the past few months we have seen more Libyans,  said Marco Rotunno, who monitors migrant arrivals for UNHCR in Sicily.  They mostly point to a lack of security as their reason for leaving. They talk about fighting, kidnappings, ransom and armed robberies.   Conditions in Libya have deteriorated sharply since a 2011 uprising that ousted Muammar Gaddafi.  Gangs frequently kidnap people for ransom, power and water outages are common, health services have been crippled and residents often have to line-up for days to withdraw cash from banks due to a liquidity crisis.  The United Nations is making a new push to end the conflict that has opened the way for Islamist militants and armed smuggling groups who have sent hundreds of thousands of migrants to Europe.     In mid-September, fighting erupted in Sabratha, a people smuggling hub on the Western coast, after an armed group clamped down on migrant boat departures, prompting a cross-town rival to retaliate. As of Friday, at least 26 civilians and combatants had been killed and 170 wounded. Islamic State militants conduct attacks in Libya as well, including one on Wednesday that killed at least four people and wounded 39. UNHCR says there are still more than 217,000 internally displaced people in Libya and more than 278,000 who have recently returned home and who are considered people of concern.  Tekbali abandoned his hometown of Kikla, which is located southwest of Tripoli and said it was too dangerous to return. His friend Rafat, who did not give his last name, said he was fleeing Libya after having been kidnapped by a militia in 2016. He was released after nine days when his father paid a ransom of 120,000 dinar ($87,600) but said he feared a repeat. A third man, 24-year-old Alaa, said he was persecuted in Libya because his father had fought in Gaddafi s military. Tekbali said the five friends planned their voyage for a month and set out from a beach between Sabratha and Zuwara after paying 5,000 euros ($5,888) to smugglers for the boat and the small outboard engine.  ",1
18235,Row over Pakistani paramilitary unit fuels political confusion,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - An unexplained dispute between Pakistan s interior minister and an elite paramilitary unit under his command is adding to political confusion in Islamabad, prompting questions about a rift in ties between civilian leaders and the powerful military. The spat comes at a moment of heightened concern over the feverish political climate in nuclear-armed Pakistan, which the United States seeks to include in its new strategy for South Asia. Interior Minister Ashan Iqbal was taken by surprise when the elite Rangers unit, which provides security around parliament, withdrew its guards without explanation on Wednesday.  I was told the Rangers have unilaterally withdrawn from the important installations where they were on duty, which, for us, was shocking,  Iqbal told domestic television channel Dawn News.   This was a gross violation.  Outside parliament on Thursday, the Frontier Constabulary was on guard instead. A police official on duty confirmed the Rangers were no longer stationed there.  The order for them to leave did not come from the interior ministry, it must have come from somewhere else,  said the official, who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the topic. The Pakistan Army s public relations wing denied any military involvement in the incident, attributing it to poor coordination.  It was a local miscoordination, that got a lot of hype. I don t think there is a clash of institutions,  Major General Asif Ghafoor said at a press briefing.   The army will do what it needs to do within the constitution. But to create a perception that the army wants to impose martial law, these are things which are not even to be talked about,  he added.  Rangers  officials could not immediately be reached for comment. Iqbal did not immediately respond to Reuters  telephone calls to seek comment. Pakistan s military has ruled the country for 33 of the 70 years since independence from Britain in 1947. Since 2008, there have been democratically elected governments, but the army retains sweeping influence and any hint of discord stirs worries among advocates of a strong civilian government. The Rangers had this week denied Iqbal entry to a court building where matters relating to an anti-graft case against Sharif were being heard, prompting him to threaten to resign, saying he refused to be  a puppet interior minister .  The moves follow July s Supreme Court disqualification of former prime minister Nawaz Sharif, which he blamed on a conspiracy against him, feeding speculation about a rupture in civilian-military ties. Senior leaders from Sharif s Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N) party pointed fingers at the country s military after his disqualification for not declaring a source of income. The army denies playing a role.  But the Rangers  departure from the area around parliament points to a persistent disagreement between civilian and military leaders, one analyst said.  They can t just leave their posts,  said Zeeshan Salahuddin, communications and strategy director of the Islamabad-based Centre for Research and Security Studies.  If they have done so without orders, that clearly shows the continuing rift between the two, and the displeasure of the military.   We have concerns about the future of Pakistan s government too, in terms of them   we want their government to be stable,  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said, following a meeting with Pakistan s foreign minister on Wednesday. The government will take action after completing an inquiry into the withdrawal, Iqbal added.   The Rangers are a force subordinate to the ministry of the interior and when they are deployed, they are supposed to work under the civil administration,  he said.  ",1
18236,Spanish markets gain as investor nerves ease over Catalonia,"LONDON (Reuters) - Spanish stocks were set for their biggest day of gains in more than five months on Thursday as nerves over an imminent declaration of Catalan independence eased. Spain s Constitutional Court suspended a session of the Catalan parliament scheduled for Monday in which local leaders were expected to declare secession. Traders also cited a Bloomberg report of a rift between pro-independence leaders. Spain s 10-year bond yield fell to as low as 1.68 percent, and at 1540 GMT was down 8 basis points and set for its biggest daily fall since April.  There is the sentiment Catalan separatists are maybe a bit less die-hard than they were previously,  said Jerome Legras, head of research at Axiom Alternative Investments. Spanish markets were already recovering earlier in the day, but traders said the main share index and banking stocks jumped after the Bloomberg report which, citing sources, said moderate separatists were pushing for further negotiations with the central government. The decision to suspend Monday s parliamentary session, which the court said was because it had agreed to consider a legal challenge filed by the anti-secessionist Catalan Socialist Party, had already thrown the independence bid into doubt.  Spain s main share index jumped as much as 2.7 percent, boosted by financial stocks which together added 120 points to the index, with Santander the biggest contributor.  Catalonia-headquartered Banco Sabadell and Caixabank jumped higher, last up 6.2 percent and 4.9 percent respectively. Caixabank joined Sabadell in saying it was considering moving its base outside Catalonia as a result of the crisis. Trading activity in Spanish government debt has rocketed this week as the crisis deepened. Around 7.8 billion euros of Spanish government debt changed hands on Wednesday, 75 percent higher than the daily trading average since January 2016, according to Trax, a subsidiary of trading platform MarketAxess.  On Thursday, Spain s 10-year government bond was the most traded euro government security, the data firm said. ",1
18237,"Catalan uncertainty paralyzing regional investment, Spain's economy minister says","MADRID (Reuters) - Investment projects in the northeastern region of Catalonia  have been paralyzed and the sale of a stake in state-run lender Bankia put on hold because of the current political uncertainty, Spain s economy minister said on Thursday. Catalonia s parliament is set to declare independence on Monday after going ahead with a banned referendum on Oct.1, while heavy-handed tactics employed by Spanish police trying to stop the ballot have been widely criticized.  This is generating uncertainty that is paralyzing all investment projects in Catalonia,  Economy Minister Luis de Guindos told Reuters in an interview.  I m convinced that, right now, not one international or national investor will take part in a new investment project until this is cleared up.   Catalonia is a center of industry and tourism that accounts for one-fifth of Spain s economy. It is a production base for major multi-nationals from Volkswagen to Nestle and home to Europe s fastest-growing sea port. On Thursday, Spain s fifth-largest bank, Sabadell, said it was considering whether to shift its headquarters away from Catalonia in the first major sign that the wealthy region s push for independence from Spain could scare away big business. Caixabank, Spain s third largest lender by market capitalization, is also considering moving its legal base outside Catalonia, a source with knowledge of the situation said. A spokesman for the bank said no decision had been taken on a move. Tensions between Madrid and Barcelona have intensified since the poll, which was overwhelmingly in favor of independence but which nearly 60 percent of Catalan voters boycotted.  Catalan President Carles Puigdemont has said he favors mediation to find a way out of the crisis but that Spain s central government had rejected this. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s government has meanwhile called on Catalonia to  return to the path of law  before any negotiations.  They know very well that independence, which isn t going to happen, would have very negative consequences,  de Guindos said.    It won t happen because the Spanish government won t let it happen. It s illegal.   De Guindos said the crisis had not yet had any effect on the wider Spanish economy, which he expects to grow more than 3 percent this year.  For the moment, we ve seen absolutely no economic impact. Preliminary indicators have been positive and show that the Spanish economy will continue to show strong growth,  he said. But worries over the situation were growing.  We re starting to see an enormous concern due to the irresponsibility of the Catalan government, and alarm has been growing in the last days and hours,  de Guindos said.  On the government s plans to sell a further stake in Bankia, de Guindos said Madrid would look at the placement again once the Catalan situation had been resolved. De Guindos said in July that Spain would explore selling a further stake in Bankia some time after the summer, estimating the stake sale would be around 7 percent. Spain s bailout fund had an advisor that was looking at different windows of opportunity, he said.   Right now Catalonia is more important, but as I m convinced the Catalan situation will change course and we will fix it, as soon as circumstances and prices improve, we will look at the possibilities (of a share sale),  he said. ",1
18238,Spain PM calls on Catalan leader to drop independence plans to avoid 'greater evils',"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy called on Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont on Thursday to abandon plans to unilaterally declare the region s independence from Spain  to avoid greater evils . In an interview with Spanish news agency EFE, Rajoy said the solution to the Catalan crisis was a prompt return to legality and  a statement as soon as possible that there will not be a unilateral declaration of independence, because that will also avoid greater evils,  Rajoy said, without elaborating. ",1
18239,Factbox: Passport to Catalonia - how to achieve independence,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Leaders of Spain s industrialized northeastern region of Catalonia have said the regional population voted for independence in a ballot that the central government and Constitutional Court say was illegal. The push for Catalan independence does not appear to find much support in international law nor much successful precedent. Here is a look at how to achieve independent statehood, in law and practice.   As a matter of international law you become a state by being recognized by other states,  said Anna Stilz, professor of politics at Princeton University. She declined to comment on the Catalan case, but said there were several accepted scenarios for a group of people to claim the right to rule themselves independently of any other country.  The right of self-determination is conventionally thought not to extend to internal minorities within a state. It s conventionally thought only to apply to colonized people, people subject to overseas colonization, peoples who are subject to an apartheid government or peoples under military occupation.  The idea of self-determination, popularized by U.S. President Woodrow Wilson a century ago in response to the ideas of Russian revolutionary Vladimir Lenin, was hard-coded into U.N. Charter establishing the United Nations in 1945.  Subsequent U.N. agreements clarified that there was to be no interference in other states, although colonies and other non-self-governing territories had a distinct status and a right to self-determination. There is no hard and fast rule about how many countries  recognition is required for a state to be recognized as such. Taiwan is not universally recognized as a state but still functions independently of China for most purposes.  Supporters of an independent State of Palestine achieved a breakthrough when the U.N. General Assembly recognized it as a non-member observer state in 2012, giving it a ticket to join international bodies such as Interpol. But other countries   crucially Israel and the United States   do not recognize it, and it struggles to operate independently. The 1933 Montevideo Convention sets out four criteria for statehood: a functioning government, a fixed population, control over territory and the capacity to enter into relations with other states. But ticking those boxes is not enough. An entity like Somaliland, with its own currency, territory and government, is not recognized as a state, Stilz said.  U.N. membership is also irrelevant to statehood   Switzerland was not a U.N. member until 2002 but nobody thought it less of a state.  Since the break-up of the Soviet Union in 1991, several new countries have arisen after years of war, such as in former Yugoslavia.  In South Sudan and East Timor, the international community approved referendums on self-determination in hopes of cementing the peace after decades of bloodshed. The shadow of Yugoslavia s war ensured Czechoslovakia s divorce   triggered when Slovak independence parties won regional elections   was peaceful. But opinion polls showed a majority on both sides would have preferred to stay together. Separatists in Scotland and Quebec held referendums after years of political campaigning, but both votes went against independence. Both regions had been granted greater autonomy to undermine the case for independence.  Other referendums were not internationally recognized, such as the Russian-backed claim for Crimea to leave Ukraine, and last month s vote in Iraqi Kurdistan.  Kosovo unilaterally declared secession in 2008 from Serbia, which went to court to try and stop it. The International Court of Justice ruled that  international law contains no applicable prohibition of declaration of independence  although one dissenting judge said it created  a very dangerous precedent . (This refiled version of the story removes reference to margin of victories in par 16). ",1
18240,"Germany drops mass U.S., UK spying probe on lack of evidence","BERLIN (Reuters) - German prosecutors have closed an investigation into suspected mass phone tapping of German citizens by British and U.S. spies after finding no concrete indication of any criminal activity, they said on Thursday. The decision to drop the case brings to an end the latest chapter in a long-running spy scandal, triggered by revelations by former U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden which have strained ties between Berlin and Washington. The allegation in 2013 that the NSA bugged Chancellor Angela Merkel s mobile phone shocked Germans and prompted her to say that spying among friends was totally unacceptable. In 2015, further allegations suggested that Germany s BND foreign intelligence agency had helped the NSA spy on European companies and politicians for years. Prosecutors in Karlsruhe said although the techniques used in U.S. surveillance were known to German intelligence agencies, there was no evidence of them being used to target Germany so they would no longer pursue the case.  The prosecutors  investigations and the investigation by the NSA parliamentary committee have found no tangible evidence that U.S. or British intelligence agencies undertook systematic and mass surveillance of German telecommunications and internet (usage) that is against the law,  said the prosecutors in a statement.   Surveillance is a particularly sensitive subject in Germany due to the activities of the loathed East German Stasi secret police, who snooped extensively on ordinary citizens, and the Nazi-era Gestapo.   German prosecutors had dropped an investigation into the suspected tapping of Merkel s mobile phone in 2015.  ",1
18241,Erdogan says Turkey will close Iraq border and air space soon,"ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan said on Thursday that Turkey would soon close its border with northern Iraq and shut its air space in response to last week s Kurdish independence referendum. Erdogan, who held talks in Tehran on Wednesday with Iranian leaders, also said Turkey would decide jointly with Iran and Iraq s central government in Baghdad whether to cut oil exports from Kurdish northern Iraq. His comments came 10 days after Kurds in northern Iraq voted overwhelmingly for independence, alarming Baghdad, Iraq s neighbors and Western powers who fear the vote could trigger further conflict in the Middle East. Turkey tightened controls at its main border crossing into Iraq in the immediate aftermath of the vote and suspended flights to northern Iraq. It has also held joint military exercises with Iraqi troops on the border. But it has not yet implemented threats to impose wider sanctions on the Kurdish region or to cut off the hundreds of thousands of barrels of Kurdish oil exported daily via Turkey to world markets.   Flights to northern Iraq have already been suspended, the air space and borders will also close soon,  Erdogan said in a speech in the Turkish capital, Ankara. He said the decision to hold the referendum showed the  perfect ingratitude  of the Kurdish Regional Government in northern Iraq, after years of close commercial and political ties with Turkey. Earlier, Erdogan told Turkish media on his return from Iran that Ankara, Tehran and Baghdad would jointly decide on whether to close the taps on the Kurds  oil export pipeline, adding that it was time for the KRG to take a step back.  The northern Iraqi leadership is drunk with the result of the referendum, it s not aware of what it is doing or what kind of steps it s taking,  he said. Erdogan also criticized the inclusion of the oil-rich city of Kirkuk in the referendum, saying that Kurds had no legitimacy there and that they were  invaders  in the region. During a joint news conference with his Iranian counterpart Hassan Rouhani on Wednesday, Erdogan said Turkey was considering further measures against northern Iraq, and the two leaders promised to work together against the independence drive. The Kurds are the region s fourth-largest ethnic group, spread across Iran, Turkey, Syria and Iraq. All of those oppose any moves toward a Kurdish state, but the Kurds have been building strong international ties. Last month, Russian oil major Rosneft clinched a gas pipeline deal in Iraq s autonomous Kurdistan to help it become a major exporter of gas to Turkey and Europe. The pipeline will be constructed in 2019 and exports will begin in 2020. On Wednesday, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that it was in no-one s interest to cut off oil supplies from Iraq s Kurdistan, which would raise oil prices. Erdogan, however, brushed off those concerns, saying the final decision would be made by Turkey, Iran and Iraq. ",1
18242,Russia-Trump campaign collusion an 'open' issue: U.S. Senate panel chiefs,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Leaders of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said on Wednesday the issue of whether President Donald Trump s 2016 election campaign colluded with Russia remains an open question as the panel intensifies its probe into the matter. Republican Chairman Richard Burr and Democratic Vice Chairman Mark Warner also warned about the risk to future U.S. elections posed by Russia, including what is expected to be a closely contested election next month for governor of Warner s home state, Virginia. Burr told reporters the committee plans to conduct 25 more interviews with witnesses this month, but described his goal of finishing this year the main congressional investigation into Russian meddling as only  aspirational  at this point.  The issue of collusion is still open,  Burr said, standing alongside Warner at a press conference to provide an update on the investigation.  We have not come to any determination on collusion,  he said. Burr said he wanted very much to conclude the investigation before the height of campaigning for November 2018 U.S. mid-term elections, when all 435 seats in the House of Representatives and one third of the 100-seat Senate will be up for grabs. Warner said the United States needed a  whole-of-government  approach to combating interference with U.S. elections.  The Russian active measures efforts did not end on Election Day, 2016,  he said.  Trump, who has called allegations of campaign collusion with Moscow a hoax, has faced questions about the matter since he took office in January. A special counsel appointed by the Justice Department, Robert Mueller, is conducting a separate probe that could lead to criminal charges. Russia denies meddling. U.S. intelligence agencies concluded that Russia interfered in the election to try to help Trump defeat Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton through a campaign of hacking and releasing embarrassing emails, and disseminating propaganda via social media to discredit her campaign. Burr said the committee agreed with the intelligence community s conclusion that Russia had interfered.  The committee continues to look into all evidence to see if there was any hint of collusion,  Burr said.  Now, I m not even going to discuss initial findings because we haven t any. We ve got a tremendous amount of documents still to go through.  He said the panel has conducted more than 100 interviews lasting more than 250 hours in its nine-month-old probe, and  we currently have booked for the balance of this month 25 additional interviews.  Those who have already come before committee members or investigators include the president s son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner, former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, and social media executives such as officials from Twitter Inc (TWTR.N).  On Wednesday, a representative for Kushner and Ivanka Trump denied a report in USA Today that the couple had re-routed personal emails through their family s business. Among witnesses who will appear at future public committee hearings are Trump s personal attorney, Michael Cohen, and executives from Facebook Inc (FB.O), Twitter and Alphabet Inc s (GOOGL.O) Google. Warner and Burr urged American election officials and political campaigns to take the threat of Russian interference seriously.  You can t walk away from this and believe that Russia s not currently active in trying to create chaos in our election process. And I assume that the same tactics that you saw in Montenegro, in France, in Belgium and in the United States will continue to be tested within our structure of the election process,  Burr said. Burr said the committee has  hit a wall  in its investigation of a former British spy s explosive dossier on purported Russian support for Trump s 2016 campaign. Former MI6 officer Christopher Steele compiled the dossier, which Trump was told by former FBI director James Comey contained salacious material about the businessman-turned-president. Trump and his associates have called the dossier s contents false.  We have, on several occasions, made attempts to contact Mr. Steele, to meet with Mr. Steele,  Burr said.  Those offers have gone unaccepted. The committee cannot really decide the credibility of the dossier without understanding things like who paid for it, who are your sources and sub-sources,  Burr added. (This corrected version of the story removes quote with incorrect attribution in sixth paragraph, replacing with another quote). ",1
18243,"Moscow, Riyadh work together to unite Syria's opposition: Saudi minister","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia is working closely with Russia on uniting Syria s opposition, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said on Thursday, adding that Moscow and Riyadh agreed on the need to preserve Syria s territorial integrity and state institutions. Speaking at a news briefing after Saudi King Salman s meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in the Kremlin, Jubeir also said that both Russia and Saudi Arabia believe in the principle of non-interference in other countries  internal affairs and in the principle of territorial integrity.  ",1
18244,Sudan regrets U.S. putting it on trafficking list before sanctions decision,"KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan regrets that the United States has placed it on a list of states not doing enough to combat human trafficking, the foreign ministry said on Thursday, a week before Washington was due to announce a decision on lifting sanctions against the country. It said Washington had not appreciated the big steps Khartoum had made to alleviate the plight of victims of human trafficking.  The United States has said it is deciding whether to lift a raft of penalties imposed first over Khartoum s perceived support of global terrorism and later its violent suppression of rebels in Darfur. The deadline for that decision is Oct. 12 and Sudan expects the economic sanctions will be lifted. But the White House said last Saturday that it had ordered  a group of countries, including Iran, Venezuela and Sudan, to be added to a U.S. list of countries accused of failing to crack down on human trafficking.  The Foreign Ministry expresses its regret over the United States administration s Sept. 30 decision to put Sudan on a list of states accused of not doing enough to limit human trafficking instead of highlighting the massive efforts being made,  it said in a statement. Sudan had built shelters for victims and provided support, as well as made strides toward policing its borders, the ministry said. It called on the United States to provide it with support in order to help it further improve its efforts. ",1
18245,Saudi Arabia agrees to buy Russian S-400 air defense system: Arabiya TV,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has agreed to buy Russian S-400 surface-to-air missile systems, Saudi-owned al-Arabiya television reported on Thursday. The report came during a visit by Saudi King Salman to Moscow. The countries also signed a memorandum of understanding to help the kingdom in its efforts to develop its own military industries, a statement from state-owned Saudi Arabian Military Industries said. SAMI said the MoU with Russian state-owned arms exporter Rosoboronexport came in the context of contracts signed to procure the S-400, the Kornet-EM system, the TOS-1A, the AGS-30 and the Kalashnikov AK-103. It not specify the number of each system or the value of the procurement deal. It said the procurement was  based on the assurance of the Russian party to transfer the technology and localize the manufacturing and sustainment of these armament systems in the Kingdom , but provided no timeframe. A number of deals have been signed during this week s trip by King Salman to Russia, the first by a Saudi monarch. ",1
18246,"Two hurt after report of explosion near Glasgow, Scotland","LONDON (Reuters) - Two people were injured on Thursday, police said, after a report of an explosion near the Scottish town of Glasgow. The blast was reported inside a building in Wishaw, southeast of Glasgow, and police said they had evacuated nearby buildings as a precaution.  Emergency services are at the scene and two injured parties are being treated by ambulance,  Lanarkshire Police said on Facebook.  Scotland s Fire and Rescue Service said it too was at the scene.  We are in attendance at Bonkle Road, Wishaw tackling small fire following small explosion in commercial building,  it posted on its Twitter feed.  ",1
18247,French troops conducting operations on Niger-Mali border after attack,"PARIS (Reuters) - French troops are involved in an operation near Niger s border with Mali on Thursday, the French army said, a day after an attack that killed three U.S. Army Special Forces members.  French army spokesman Colonel Patrick Steiger told a news conference in Paris that its regional Barkhane force had been asked to support a counterattack, after Niger and U.S. troops were ambushed by suspected Islamist militants overnight.  He said fighter jets had been dispatched to the area and French helicopters had been used to evacuate the wounded. No French soldiers had been killed in the initial attack, Steiger added. ",1
18248,Late UK PM Heath had questions to answer over child sex abuse claims -police,"SWINDON, England (Reuters) - Former British prime minister Edward Heath would have been questioned about claims he sexually abused boys if he were alive today, police said on Thursday after a two-year investigation into the allegations. Supporters of Heath, who never married, have said the investigation was an expensive, flawed witch-hunt.  Heath, who was prime minister from 1970 to 1974 and died 12 years ago, would have been interviewed under caution over seven allegations including raping an 11-year-old boy and indecently assaulting men and other boys, one aged 10. The alleged incidents occurred from 1956 to 1992 while he was a member of Parliament but not prime minister, said Wiltshire Police, the force in western England which headed the national investigation named Operation Conifer.  I am satisfied there were compelling and obvious reasons to investigate allegations made against Sir Edward Heath,  Wiltshire Chief Constable Mike Veale told reporters, adding the report did not suggest or conclude guilt.  The allegations against him were of the utmost seriousness and from a significant number of people. It would be an indefensible dereliction of my public duty as a chief constable not to have investigated such serious allegations against a former prime minister, even though he is deceased.  In total, 40 individuals came forward with accusations against Heath. Of these, evidence undermining the claims were found in 19 cases and three accusers later concluded they were mistaken in naming the ex-prime minister. But Heath would have been quizzed over seven accusations, although police refused to say whether there was other corroborating evidence. The first occurred in 1961 when Heath, who then had the title  Lord Privy Seal , is alleged to have raped and indecently assaulted a boy  during a paid sexual encounter in a private dwelling .  Other claims also related to  paid encounters , including one when he was trade minister, as well as during chance meetings. Paul Mills, the officer who led the investigation, said no accusations had been made against Heath while he was alive and there had been no missed opportunities by police.  Heath became prime minister in 1970 and most notably negotiated Britain s entry into the European Economic Community, which later became the European Union. He was ousted from office in 1974 when he lost two elections after a miners  strike helped bring down the government. He then lost the Conservative party leadership in 1975 to Margaret Thatcher, whom he never forgave and repeatedly criticized in what detractors described as  the longest sulk in history . He remained a lawmaker until 2001 and four years later  aged 89. An artillery officer in World War Two, Heath was very private and was widely regarded as an awkward, prickly man with little gift for small talk. He was passionate about music and sailing, owning five racing yachts named Morning Cloud, and once winning the Sydney-to-Hobart race.  Heath s godson, artist Lincoln Seligman, said the 1.5 million pound ($2 million) police investigation had cast a stain on a man who could not defend himself.  If allegations are out there he might easily have been called in for questioning,  he told BBC radio.  So, yes, they had to question him, but that tells us nothing.  In a joint statement, Robert Armstrong, Heath s former Cabinet secretary, and David Hunt, chairman of the Sir Edward Heath Charitable Foundation, said there should be a judge-led review of the evidence. They called the police report  highly unsatisfactory .  All those who knew Sir Edward Heath or worked with him are, without exception, convinced that the allegations of child abuse will all be found to be groundless,  they said. Britain has been jolted by a series of high-profile child abuse scandals in recent years. The most notable involved the late TV and radio presenter Jimmy Savile. A five-year public inquiry is now looking into whether powerful figures in politics, churches, or local government helped hide abuses. ",1
18249,Northern Ireland: Life inside The Fountain,"LONDONDERRY, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - William Jackson remembers the exodus vividly, when over 10,000 Protestants fled the west bank of Londonderry s River Foyle for the city s suburbs as Northern Ireland s  Troubles  erupted.  Almost 50 years on Jackson is among some 250 Protestants who stayed and carved out a tiny enclave known as  The Fountain , a tight, fiercely pro-British community that is separated by high walls and fences from the surrounding Irish nationalist heartland.  You are not talking one or two families, you are talking hundreds and hundreds and hundreds,  Jackson said, recalling the flight which began in 1969 when British troops were sent to the city to quell unrest over a civil rights campaign launched by the Catholic minority. Three decades of bloodshed followed between Catholic Irish nationalists, seeking to unite with Ireland, and pro-British Protestant loyalists, who want to remain part of the United Kingdom. Around 3,600 people were killed before a 1998 peace agreement. Much of Northern Ireland has since been transformed, yet in many areas the two sides remain separated by so-called  peace walls . The fences of up to 15 meters set up in the years after 1969 were supposed to be temporary but many still remain. In The Fountain, the metal gate in the wall between it and the nearby Bogside area - home to the late Irish nationalist hero Martin McGuinness - is locked at 9 p.m. each night and it remains one of the province s flashpoints when sporadic violence breaks out.  We stayed here because we re hardcore,  said Jackson.  We managed to stay as a small community and it s always been that way. Nationalists wouldn t be welcome to live here, even today. Just the same as Protestants wouldn t be made welcome in the Bogside. It s just one of those things unfortunately.  Social codes are so ingrained that it is virtually unheard for people to spend time in the opposing community s neighborhood but anyone who did could face threats or a beating from local hardliners.  Outsiders , as locals refer to Protestants not originally from the area, have moved in but only last around five or six years, according to Jackson, who runs the local Heritage Tower museum, one the smallest galleries in Northern Ireland.  You have families that come and spend a year and they go because of the way of life here,  he said.  Some of the police have actually referred to us as like rats living in a cage.  The area remains blighted by poverty and many houses remain derelict. Some residents say they disconnect their electricity periodically to save money.  At The Fountain s Cathedral Youth Club, Jeanette Warke has spent the last 45 years providing an education and recreational outlet to three generations of youngsters who went from dodging bullets to fighting unemployment. Warke has seen The Fountain change over that time and now concentrates on better integrating local Catholic and Protestant children. Last year she brought them to Dublin for the centenary of the Irish uprising that led to independence from Britain and to France for a commemoration of the World War One Battle of the Somme.  We ve really opened up big avenues for these young people, Protestant and Catholic to look at their history,  said Warke, who still works at the age of 73 and has been honored by Britain s Queen for her services to young people.  You re not looking to change young people s mindsets and to take them away from their own culture, that s not what we are about. We re looking to create a better understanding and also respect for each other and that to me is very, very important.  However Jackson, Warke and other locals think it s still too soon to tear down the walls between Protestants who call their city Londonderry and Catholics who refer to it simply as Derry. There s more work to do, Warke said. Until then, The Fountain community will remain as tight as ever.  My mother says the only time she will leave the Fountain is in a box,  said 38-year-old Daphne Atkinson, a fellow youth club worker.  She s proud of where she s from which is a good thing so she ll not leave only when it s her time to go.  ",1
18250,Islamic State driven out of last stronghold in northern Iraq,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces announced on Thursday they had captured Islamic State s last stronghold in northern Iraq, leaving the militant group holed up near the Syrian border as its self-proclaimed  caliphate  shrinks further. The town of Hawija and the surrounding areas fell in an offensive by U.S.-backed Iraqi government troops and Iranian-trained and armed Shi ite paramilitary groups known as Popular Mobilisation. Some fighting took place to the north and east of the town where the militants were surrounded.  With the fall of Hawija, which lies near the Kurdish-held oil city of Kirkuk, the only area that remains under control of Islamic State in Iraq is a stretch alongside the western border with Syria, where the militant group is also in retreat. The capture of Hawija was a boost for the Iraqi government, which faces a separate crisis in the north of the country, where the Kurdish minority last month voted overwhelmingly in support of independence for their autonomous region. In Hawija, state TV showed footage of Iraqi forces raising flags in one of the town's squares while Humvees patrolled empty streets littered with car wrecks, houses riddled with bullets and shattered storefronts. (Graphics on 'Iraqi Kurds' independence push' - here)  The army s 9th armored division, the Federal Police, the Emergency Response division and ... Popular Mobilisation liberated Hawija,  said a statement from the joint operations commander, Lieutenant-General Abdul Ameer Rasheed Yarallah. Thick black smoke rose from areas surrounding Hawija, from oil wells set on fire by the militants to prevent air detection.   The capture of Hawija brings Iraqi forces into direct contact with Kurdish Peshmerga fighters who control Kirkuk, a multi-ethnic region claimed by both Baghdad and the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG). Kirkuk shaped up as a flashpoint last month when the KRG included the city in the referendum on Kurdish independence in northern Iraq.   We don t want any aggression or confrontations but the federal authority must be imposed in the disputed areas,  Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi told a news conference in Paris with French President Emmanuel Macron. Macron offered to mediate between the Iraqi government and Kurdish regional authorities, and promised to maintain a military presence there until Islamic State was defeated. The Iraqi government has imposed sanctions in response to the independence vote, but Abadi said he could understand the Kurds   aspirations , provided they were expressed in accordance with the constitution. The outcome of the referendum has raised concerns in Iraq and abroad that a conflict might break out there along ethnic lines, potentially weakening the campaign against Islamic State. Turkey, which is battling a three-decade-old insurgency by its own Kurdish militants, has led regional opposition to the Iraqi Kurds  independence hopes. Stepping up his rhetoric on the issue, President Tayyip Erdogan said Turkey would soon close its border with northern Iraq and shut its air space in response to the referendum. He added that Turkey, Iran and Iraq would jointly decide on closing the flow of oil from northern Iraq, a vital source of earnings for Iraqi Kurdistan. On Wednesday, Russian President Vladimir Putin, whose country has big energy interests in Kurdistan, said it was in no one s interest to cut off oil supplies from the territory.  But Erdogan said that  if a decision will be made on closing oil taps in the region, that will be made by us. Turkey, Iran and Iraq s central government will do so together . Erdogan s stance has been backed by Iran. After meeting Erdogan in Tehran on Wednesday, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Iran and Turkey should prevent the Iraqi Kurds from declaring independence. Relations have been cool between Shi ite Iran and mainly Sunni Turkey. But both have been alarmed by the independence vote, fearing it will encourage separatism among their own Kurdish populations. The Kurds are the region s fourth-largest ethnic group, spread across Iran, Turkey, Syria and Iraq, all of which oppose any moves towards a Kurdish state. Iraq launched an offensive on Sept. 21 to dislodge Islamic State from the Hawija area, where up to 78,000 people were estimated to be trapped, according to the United Nations.  The militants control the border town of al-Qaim and the region surrounding it.  They also hold parts of the Syrian side of the border, but the area under their control is shrinking as they retreat in the face of two different sets of hostile forces - a U.S.-backed, Kurdish-led coalition and Syrian government troops with foreign Shi ite militias backed by Iran and Russia. Islamic State s cross-border  caliphate  effectively collapsed in July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, in a grueling battle which lasted nine months. The militants  leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who declared the caliphate from Mosul in mid-2014, released an audio recording last week that indicated he was alive, after several reports he had been killed. He urged his followers to keep up the fight despite setbacks. ",1
18251,Hamas picks new deputy chief whom Israel blames for helping spark Gaza war,"GAZA (Reuters) - The Palestinian Islamist group Hamas named as its new deputy chief on Thursday a formerly Turkey-based commander whom Israel has accused of orchestrating a lethal triple kidnapping that helped trigger the 2014 Gaza war. Saleh al-Arouri s promotion comes as Hamas seeks to close ranks with U.S.-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas after a decade-old schism, in an entente Israel says will not revive peace talks unless Hamas recognizes its right to exist and disarms. The Palestinian Information Center, a Hamas-linked news site, said Arouri, who was born in the occupied West Bank and was exiled by Israel in 2010 after long stints in its prisons, had been elected as deputy to the group s leader Ismail Haniyeh.  He (Arouri) is now the Hamas movement s No. 2 man,  the site said.  Twenty-three years of detention and expulsion have not weakened the resolve of the leader Saleh al-Arouri, 51.  After three Israeli teens were abducted and killed in the West Bank in June 2014, Arouri - then in Istanbul - claimed responsibility in the name of Hamas. Israel responded with a West Bank security sweep which, along with the revenge killing of a Palestinian youth from Jerusalem by a group of Israelis, spiraled into a 50-day war in the Gaza Strip, Hamas  fiefdom. Gaza health officials say 2,100 Palestinians were killed in the conflict, while Israel put the number of its dead at 67 soldiers and six civilians. Israel also pressed Ankara s Islamist-rooted government to crack down on Arouri, describing him as the mastermind of the kidnappings and other Hamas militant attacks. Hamas sources said Arouri left Turkey in late 2015 for Qatar and later Lebanon. They declined to give his current location. ",1
18252,Catalan standoff touches separatist hearts beyond Spain,"EDINBURGH/OTTAWA (Reuters) - The standoff between Madrid and supporters of independence in Spain s wealthy Catalan region has stirred separatist feelings far beyond the Spanish borders. Politicians across the globe criticized armed Spanish police who used truncheons and rubber bullets on voters, injuring hundreds in a crackdown on Sunday s secession vote, considered illegal under Spain s 1978 Constitution. Several politicians from regions with their own separatist movements said it was time for politics to resolve the crisis in the euro zone s fourth-biggest economy. Catalan leaders said the result showed its people wanted to leave Spain and it would push ahead with secession. Madrid has ruled out talks until, it said, Catalonia acts within the law.     The solution is political. It won t be through repression, it won t be through brutality, and what needs to happen is a political discussion. I think that s reality,  Quebec s premier Philippe Couillard told reporters.  He drew parallels for a potential solution to his own province, which has held two referendums on whether to separate from Canada and the last of which in 1995 was narrowly defeated. Other politicians called on the European Union, currently facing a huge challenge to its unity in Britain s impending exit from the bloc, to intervene in a deepening crisis that has shaken the euro and Spanish stocks and bonds. They said it was a matter of human rights.   Joanna Cherry, a lawmaker from the Scottish National Party, called on the EU to  up its game.  Her party lost a legally binding referendum on Scottish independence from the UK in 2014   the terms of which were hammered out between both sides.   The SNP-led Scottish government is urging talks to let Catalans decide their own future.   Spain will maintain that this vote is not legitimate, but the strength of feeling demonstrated cannot be ignored by Spain,  it said. Matt Carthy, European lawmaker for Irish nationalists Sinn Fein whose aim is to unite British-run Northern Ireland with the Irish Republic, called the EU  a shower of utter hypocrites.   The EU has ignored a vicious assault on EU citizens in Catalonia because they had the audacity to vote,  he told fellow European lawmakers in an emotionally-charged speech.  We are told the EU stands for peace, democracy and human rights. Where were those values on Sunday?   Opinion polls conducted before the Catalan vote suggested a minority of around 40 percent of Catalans backed independence, but a majority wanted a referendum to be held. Catalan officials released preliminary referendum results showing 90 percent support in favor of breaking away, but turnout was 43 percent and low among those who favor remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the ballot.   Spain s constitution determines that the majority which counts is Spain as a whole, not Catalonia s 5.3 million voters. Ireland s prime minister Leo Varadkar has said his government respects Spain s constitution but he also described the violence as  disproportionate and counterproductive.  Spain s deputy prime minister and European Commission First Vice President Frans Timmermans have said the use of force was  proportionate . Turkey, which condemned last week s referendum for Kurdish independence in northern Iraq, also spoke of the importance of respecting Spanish law and territorial integrity.  We believe that Spain ( ) will overcome such challenges and establish a national dialogue environment through a democratic approach,  Turkey s foreign ministry said.  In Serbia, officials accused the EU of double standards by refusing to recognize Catalonia s vote and at the same time supporting the independence of Serbia s former province Kosovo.  Another would-be breakaway group, the Movement for the Autonomy of Slask (RAS) which wants autonomy for Poland s Slask region, said that events in Spain were proof of the temptation to use repression to control political dissent.  The European community should work out rules and procedures for solving similar conflicts,  it said.    Its indifference with respect to the forceful repression of aspirations of Catalan people for self-rule will be interpreted as a sign of weakness and will deepen the confidence crisis that many Europeans feel toward EU institutions.          ",1
18253,"Belgium eyes British, U.S. jets; French offer under legal scrutiny","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgium has received proposals from Britain and the United States to replace its ageing fleet of fighter jets, while a French proposal that was not part of the tender process will be looked at separately, Belgium s defense minister said. Belgium invited government-led proposals in March for the replacement of its fleet of Lockheed Martin F-16 planes with 34 new fighters, in a deal that could be worth more than 3.5 billion euros ($4.2 billion). Last month, France proposed a wide-ranging military deal with Belgium instead of responding to the tender. The deal goes beyond the terms of the tender whilst including the sale of Rafale fighter jets. While the French offer would be discussed by the government, it could open Belgium to criticism that it was not treating candidates equally, Vandeput said.  To be very clear, the French offer is not part of the contest,  minister Steven Vandeput told a parliamentary committee on Wednesday. Offers from the U.S. for Lockheed F-35 Lightning II planes and British offers for the Eurofighter Typhoon did meet the tender rules, the minister added. A spokeswoman for the defense ministry said the French proposal was being checked by its legal services and forwarded to the government which would decide at a later stage whether or not to respond.     The Rafales are made by France s Dassault Aviation which declined to comment on Thursday. Boeing pulled out of the race last spring. The French government said that its proposal was in line with Belgium s request.  We have made an extended proposal which is legally relevant and we are waiting for a proposal by the Belgian government,  a spokeswoman for the French defense ministry said. Belgium will make a decision on which jet fighter to pick next year. The 34 jets are to be delivered from 2023, at a rate of 4-5 aircraft a year. ",1
18254,Woman's murder prompts mass eviction of Syrians from Lebanese town,"MIZIARA, Lebanon (Reuters) - Abu Khaled had lived in the Lebanese town of Miziara for almost 20 years until a woman s suspected murder by a Syrian refugee led to his expulsion alongside several hundred other Syrians.  They gave us notice to evict at 2 a.m.,  said Abu Khaled, standing outside a bare building in a nearby village with some of his 13-strong family, who were all forced to leave on the orders of the local authorities.  I don t know how we left - we carried our stuff on the road and then found this warehouse and we put ourselves here,  he told Reuters. More than six years into the Syrian war, 1.5 million Syrians account for one quarter of Lebanon s population. But patience is wearing thin with their presence and the strain it has placed on local resources. The Lebanese army has previously carried out evictions of Syrian refugees, citing security concerns. At the local level, ill feeling has surfaced intermittently in recent years, with councils imposing curfews, telling Lebanese not to rent houses to Syrians, or outright asking them to leave an area. The Miziara council went a step further by using trucks to move people out, said George Ghali, programs manager at the Lebanese rights group ALEF. The decision was prompted by last week s arrest of a Syrian man for the murder of 26-year-old Rayya Chidiac in Miziara, a wealthy Christian town in north Lebanon. Chidiac had been found dead in a relative s home on Sept. 22 showing signs of bruising, strangling and sexual assault, security forces said. The refugee, in his 20s, had worked as the building s caretaker, and confessed to her murder. While the crime shocked Syrians and Lebanese alike, the locals said they must protect their own and could no longer risk living alongside Syrians.   We are giving them food and they are devouring us. We cannot welcome them here any more,  priest Yousef Faddoul told Reuters.  Let them set up tents for them elsewhere.       But the Syrians say they are being punished collectively for one man s crime.   If I don t go back to my work, what can I do? In my country there is a war ... two days ago, a rocket exploded near my house,  said Sobhi Razzouk, a Syrian from Idlib who had worked in Miziara for 15 years before being expelled. Like Abu Khaled, he was had joined in Lebanon by his family after the war began.  We condemn this horrific act ... but the way we were expelled - we never expected this.  In response to questions from Reuters, the United Nations  refugee agency UNHCR called for  restraint from collective reprisals against refugees , and said it was in touch with local authorities and refugee families. Miziara s municipal authority said on its Facebook page that Syrians could now only be in town during daytime working hours - if they had work permits. Landlords can only rent accommodation to those with residency permits.  Another post from the municipality encouraged Miziara landlords and those who sponsor Syrians to evict them or annul their guarantees.  We support evicting Syrians in a legal way and evicting all those who break the law and anyone who has no business being in Miziara,  said Maroun Dina, the head of the municipal council, said.       This is a problem across Lebanon. If the government doesn t take the necessary steps then the public will and I cannot control the public,  Dina said. Many Syrians in Lebanon live in a precarious legal situation, with proper residency and work documentation expensive and hard to obtain. Lebanon has resisted the establishment of organized refugee camps for Syrians, fearing a repeat of its experience with around half a million Palestinians, most still living in refugee camps set up after the creation of Israel almost 70 years ago. That has left Syrians scattered across the country in tented settlements or urban areas - without any clear definition of their rights, and at the mercy of local authorities. Their long-term presence is a particularly sensitive issue for Lebanon, where the addition of so many predominantly Sunni Muslim Syrians would upset the delicate sectarian balance with Christians, Shi ite Muslims and other groups. As the Syrian government regains control of more Syrian territory, calls have increased in Lebanon for Syrians to return home, although Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri has said there can be no forced return. Last week, the north Lebanese town of Bsharri cited Chidiac s death as a reason to clamp down on Syrians, saying the situation in Syria had improved to the point where they no longer needed to be in Lebanon.  It issued a statement saying Syrians must not gather in public squares, must not go out after 6 p.m., and would be barred from renting properties in the area from Nov. 15. ",1
18255,German spy agencies want right to destroy stolen data and 'hack back',"BERLIN (Reuters) - Top German intelligence officials on Thursday urged lawmakers to give them greater legal authority to  hack back  in the event of cyber attacks from foreign powers. Hans-Georg Maassen, head of the BfV domestic intelligence agency, told the parliamentary oversight committee it should be possible to destroy data stolen from German servers and moved to foreign servers to prevent it from being misused. He said it would also make sense to  infect  foreign servers with software that would enable greater surveillance of any operations directed against German cyber targets, or to extract data, much as human agents are recruited for counter-espionage.  In the real world, it would be like turning a foreign intelligence agent and getting them to work for us ... Something like this should be possible in the cyber world too,  Maassen told the committee in its first public hearing.  These are  hack back  instruments, but they are below the threshold of destroying or incapacitating a foreign server,  Maassen said. German officials have blamed APT28, a Russian hacker group said linked to Moscow, for the May 2015 hack of the German lower house of parliament, the Bundestag, and other cyber attacks aimed at political groups, individuals or institutions. They issued repeated warnings about the possibility that Moscow could seek to influence or disrupt the Sept. 24 German election, although officials have since said they did not see any major push by Russia to do so. Maassen said it was possible Russia decided the political cost was too great after the backlash that ensued in the United States after a similar effort there. Russia denies seeking to influence any foreign elections. Germany s BND foreign intelligence agency already has the expertise, but not the legal authority, to destroy foreign servers, its chief Bruno Kahl told the committee. Once the source of attack had been carefully investigated and identified, it could make sense to  shut down the source of such an attack and not have to retreat and give the job of going back in and taking care of business,  Kahl said. In the end, however, such decisions had to be made by politicians, Kahl said.  Christof Gramm, head of Germany s MAD military counter-espionage agency, said there were questions of domestic and international law to address before empowering the agencies to take such actions.  This all has to be worked out. There are international boundaries. We re not just talking about national law,  Gramm told the committee near the end of a three-hour session. He said if such powers were granted, it would be up to the military s cyber command to carry out such actions, not the MAD.   Maassen said authorities needed access to streaming data from foreign servers - for instance of videos showing beheadings - to track radicalization of possible Islamist attackers. He also called for broader powers to track communications between Germany and Raqqa, the Syrian city still under Islamic State control, noting that current law only allowed the tracking of individual communications, not broader flows. ",1
18256,"Venezuela's unrest, food scarcity take psychological toll on children","LOS TEQUES, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan siblings Jeremias, 8, and Victoria, 3, were in their pajamas and preparing to go to bed when a tear gas canister smashed through their family s kitchen window in early July.  National Guard soldiers were pelting the building in this highland town near Caracas with tear gas canisters as they searched for opposition activists who had been protesting against unpopular President Nicolas Maduro for over three months. Amid screams and insults from neighbors, soldiers stormed the building and arrested dozens of youths, according to the children s mother, Gabriela.  Gabriela and her husband Yorth hid the kids in their bedroom closet as the apartment filled with thick gas after seven canisters crashed in. The guards did not enter their apartment, but the family was unable to sleep that night and the apartment reeked for days.  After that, the kids changed.  Jeremias cried and begged to leave Venezuela. His younger sister, previously not even scared of the dark, was terrified every time she heard a loud sound - an object falling, a truck, or thunder.   She would say:  The soldiers are attacking us  and cry,  said Gabriela, 30, a nurse by training.  That was the trigger for us that we had to get the kids out of here, otherwise it would be even worse for them psychologically.  A month after the incident, the family sold what it could, packed three suitcases, and left Venezuela by bus with around $250 in their pocket, joining droves fleeing the country.  Out of fear of reprisals, Gabriela asked that their surname and country of residence not be published.  Her children s case highlights the lasting psychological toll the OPEC nation s economic and political crisis is having on its youngsters.  Venezuela, home to the world s largest crude oil reserves, has spiraled deeper into chaos in recent years as Maduro - the narrowly-elected successor of leftist firebrand Hugo Chavez - has cracked down harder on the opposition amid a painful recession blamed by economists on his socialist government s interventionist policies.     Recently, months of protests demanding early elections interrupted schools, leaving kids holed up at home or exposed to violence. A crippling recession has spawned shortages of products like milk and diapers, while rapid inflation means toys or school uniforms are unaffordable for poor families. There is no recent data examining the psychological effects of the deprivations on children, but teachers, psychologists, rights activists and two dozen parents interviewed by Reuters suggest it could have a heavy toll.   From a young age, children are being forced to think about survival,  said psychologist Abel Saraiba at Caracas-based child protection organization Cecodap. He said around half of his 50 patients have symptoms linked to the crisis.  Children are more prone to anxiety, aggression and depression, and could also struggle to relate with peers because they see the outside world as hostile. That could be another hurdle in Venezuela s eventual reconstruction.  Maduro blames the opposition for traumatizing children and others via protests that often turned violent, with hooded demonstrators throwing stones and Molotov cocktails.  He says his government, which did not respond to a request for comment, has done more for children than previous administrations, pointing to youth orchestras, sports programs and vacation camps.  It is lack of affordable food - a kilo of rice costs around 20 percent of a monthly minimum wage - that is putting the most strain on children from poor families.  Some low-income families have little choice but bring their children to rough food lines at supermarkets or send them to work or beg. Parents say childrens  games include pretending to find food at the supermarket.  In the most dramatic cases, kids suffer malnutrition and disease.  High up in Caracas  sprawling Petare slum, waiter Victor Cordova juggles three jobs while his wife Yennifer cares for their three daughters and a baby boy in their tiny home.   The girls sometimes wake their parents in the middle of the night asking for food, and spend much of the day inquiring when government-subsidized food boxes will arrive.   They re always asking me:  Mommy, when is the food box coming? Will the food box have milk?  I can t get it out of their heads,  said Yennifer, 26, rocking little Aaron.    I tell them they re too little to worry about that, that they should only worry about studying. But they re little sponges, they absorb everything.  A minority of parents, appalled by once-booming Venezuela s collapse into misery, try to hide the crisis from their kids.  Accountant Suset Gutierrez tells her two sons in the decaying industrial town of Ciudad Guayana that nighttime gunshots are fireworks from parties or exploding car tires.   I ve had to vary the stories because they ve wanted to know about the parties,  said Gutierrez, 47, whose kids also asked why they don t have more milk or pasta at home.  I ve had to invent that it s because the cows have fallen ill or because heavy rains in other countries mean there s no wheat.  Outside Venezuela, Gabriela and her husband, who used to work as a company administrator, have found work selling flowers and at a cafe. They see their children steadily improving.  Once the family gets more economic stability, Gabriela said she will seek psychological help for them.  They re happy. The eldest tells me,  Look, there s candy here!  said Gabriela, laughing.  But if someone even suggests the possibility of going back to Venezuela, he starts to cry.   ",1
18257,Saudi king tells Putin Iraqi territorial integrity must be preserved,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s King Salman said at the start of talks in Moscow with Russian leader Vladimir Putin on Thursday that the territorial integrity of Iraq must be preserved. In opening remarks broadcast on Russian television, the king said a political solution to the conflict in Syria must be found that keeps that country in one piece.  He also said the international community must take responsibility for what is happening to the Muslim Rohingya community in Myanmar. ",1
18258,Saudi King Salman demands Iran stop meddling in Middle East: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Iran must stop meddling in the Middle East, visiting Saudi King Salman told Russian President Vladimir Putin during their meeting in the Kremlin on Thursday, Russia s Interfax news agency reported.  We emphasize that the security and stability of the Gulf region and the Middle East is an urgent necessity for achieving stability and security in Yemen,  Salman said, quoted by the agency.  This would demand that Iran give up interference with the internal affairs of the region, to give up actions destabilizing the situation in this region.  ",1
18259,Syrian rebels resist Jordan pressure to hand over border crossing,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Syrian opposition groups are resisting Jordanian pressure to hand control of a border crossing back to the Syrian government, a step that would be a major boost for President Bashar al-Assad and undermine rebel groups in southwestern Syria. Talks over reopening the Nasib crossing have gathered pace since a Russian-U.S. brokered ceasefire in July brought relative calm to southern Syria, the first peacekeeping effort in the war by U.S. President Donald Trump s administration. Jordan, which hopes to revive a once flourishing trade route and encourage Syrian refugees to return, has plenty of leverage over the rebels: many of the opposition groups in southern Syria depend on logistical support from the staunch U.S. ally.  But rebel groups which seized control of the crossing in 2015 have so far resisted proposals for a return of Syrian government authority to Nasib, even in the form of civilian officials with no Syrian army presence. The possibility of the crossing being reopened underlines just how far the scales have tipped in favor of Assad, who is steadily winning back territory with Russian and Iranian help, forcing neighboring states to rethink their policies.  The presence of any regime employee is like restoring legitimacy to a worn-out regime against which the Syrian people rose up,  said Adham al Karad, a Free Syrian Army (FSA) rebel commander who led battles in Deraa city against the army. Jordan has trodden a careful path during the six-year long war, maintaining diplomatic ties with Damascus even as it became a hub for a U.S.-led program that funneled aid to vetted Syrian rebels. Trump recently decided to shut down that program.             Before the Syrian conflict erupted in 2011, Nasib served as a major transit route for hundreds of trucks a day transporting goods between Turkey and the Gulf in multi-billion dollar annual trade. Its closure has also had a knock-on effect for other economies in the region, including Lebanon s.      Jordan has put forward proposals by which rebels would secure the road to Nasib, 100 km (60 miles) from the capital, while a civil administration from Damascus would run the crossing, according to Syrian opposition officials. Rebels would receive a portion of the customs fees as part of the deal. The proposals were discussed during a meeting between the Jordanian government and opposition-run local councils and rebels from southern Syria in Amman at the end of last month.  The situation of the crossing is delicate and sensitive and until now we have not responded (to Amman s demands),  Ali Salkhadi, the governor of opposition-run Deraa province, told a meeting of local figures on Sunday, footage of which was posted on YouTube. Jordan told the opposition delegation that it was obliged to deal with a recognized state in order to open the crossing and to allow trucks to proceed to third countries, he said. It also threatened the opposition delegation it could open another land crossing into Syrian government-controlled Sweida province, east of Nasib, if rebels fail to reach a deal.  If they open Sweida crossing they would close the other humanitarian crossings ... this is what they are saying,  Salkhadi said in the meeting. Syrian government officials could not be reached for comment. A Jordanian government official contacted by Reuters declined to comment. Though rebels stand to profit if the crossing were opened, they also risk losing local support if seen to make such a big concession to Damascus. They want long-standing demands, including a detainee release, addressed before talks on Nasib.  We will not watch with our hands tied, we won t allow this and will work to stop all the efforts to hand over critical areas to the regime and to confiscate them from the rebels and impose a fait accompli on us,  said Abu Jasem al Hariri, a rebel commander in southern Syria. Jordan last month succeeded in pressuring two Western-backed rebel groups operating in southeastern Syria near the Jordanian border, an order that resulted in them abandoning their territory to advancing Syrian government forces. But while Amman has recently sought to mend fences with Damascus, a full restoration of ties seems a distant prospect as Jordan remains deeply concerned over expanding Iranian influence in Syria. The Syrian army and allied militia are steadily seizing more and more of the Jordanian frontier from insurgents. But while the government is gaining ground at the Jordanian border, key crossings to Turkey and Iraq remain outside its control.   ",1
18260,France offers to mediate between Baghdad and Kurds,"PARIS (Reuters) - France offered on Thursday to mediate in a political crisis pitting Iraq s government against Kurdish regional authorities, and promised to maintain a military presence there until Islamic State was defeated. The offer by President Emmanuel Macron coincided with a visit by Iraq s Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, his first abroad since its Kurdish-held northern regions last month voted for independence in a referendum declared illegal by Baghdad. The Iraqi government has imposed sanctions in response to the independence vote, but Abadi said on Thursday he could understand the Kurds   aspirations    provided they were expressed in accordance with the constitution   and wanted to avoid violence.   We do not want an armed confrontation, we don t want clashes,  Abadi said, speaking alongside Macron.  But the federal authority must prevail and nobody can infringe on the federal authority.  The outcome of the referendum has raised concerns in Iraq and abroad that a conflict might break out there along ethnic lines, potentially weakening a U.S.-backed campaign against Islamic State, which still holds pockets of territory in Iraq and Syria. Macron, whose country is the second-biggest contributor to the campaign, said French forces would remain until the militant group s defeat was  total.    It is vital in the coming weeks and months that a dialogue begins that respects the unity, integrity and sovereignty of Iraq within the framework of the constitution and recognizing Kurdish rights,  Macron added.       France is ready, if Iraqi authorities wish, to actively contribute to the mediation launched by the United Nations.   Iraqi-Kurdish tensions were ratcheted down a notch on Wednesday when the central bank in Baghdad eased financial restrictions imposed after the vote, after receiving a pledge of cooperation from Kurdish banks, an Iraqi banking source said. The central bank had said on Tuesday it would halt all foreign currency transfers to the region, banking and government sources told Reuters. All but four Kurdish-owned banks were on Wednesday again allowed to send and receive dollar and foreign currency transfers, the first banking source said. [nL8N1MF2OM] Abadi, in Paris for bilateral talks, said the Iraqis and Kurds had a common interest in maintaining peace. He had on Tuesday called for a  joint administration  of oil-rich Kirkuk and other areas claimed by both his government and the autonomous Kurdish region, provided Baghdad had ultimate authority in any such arrangement. Kurdish Peshmerga fighters took control of Kirkuk in 2014, when Iraqi forces collapsed in the face of Islamic State s advance across northern Iraq.  I call on the Peshmerga to remain an integral part of the Iraqi forces under the authority of the federal authorities, to guarantee the security of citizens so that we can rebuild these zones,  Abadi said, referring to areas taken back from Islamic State militants.  We respect the aspirations of all citizens, including the Kurds, I respect those aspirations, but we must work together. We are in one country.  ",1
18261,UK top court seeks clarity on how to handle EU rulings after Brexit,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Supreme Court would like clearer guidance from parliament on how it should deal with European Union court judgments after Brexit, its new president said on Thursday. The issue of what weight, if any, judgments of the European Court of Justice (ECJ) will have in British law after the United Kingdom leaves the European Union is one of many thorny areas in the Brexit negotiations. Brenda Hale, who was sworn in as president of the Supreme Court on Monday after serving as one of its justices for 13 years, said she and her colleagues were looking for guidance from parliament on the issue.  We hope that the European Union Act, when it s eventually passed, will tell us what we should be doing - giving us the power to take into account, or saying we must take into account, or saying we must ignore,  she told reporters.  Whatever parliament decides we should do, we would like to be told because then we ll get on and do it.  A government policy paper issued in August said Britain wished to leave the  direct jurisdiction  of the ECJ while also recognizing that future civil judicial cooperation would need to take into account  regional legal arrangements  such as the ECJ. The European Union says that for certain issues, such as the rights of EU citizens in Britain, the ECJ must continue to have its say - a stance strongly rejected by the most ardent advocates of Brexit. Hale said the government policy papers issued over the summer were  at quite a high level of generality  and described them as aspirational. But she praised the formulation used by Prime Minister Theresa May in a major speech on Brexit in Florence on Sept. 22. May said that where there was uncertainty around EU law, she wanted UK courts to be able to  take into account  ECJ judgments.  Take account  is quite useful because it does give one the power to take it into account, but also the power to say  for the following good reasons, we think something else,  said Hale. Her deputy, Jonathan Mance, said the form of words used in the EU Withdrawal Bill currently going through parliament was  a weaker formula . The bill says that British courts  need not have regard to anything done on or after exit day by the European Court ... but may do so if it considers it appropriate to do so . ",1
18262,Critic of Rwandan president to face criminal trial on Friday,"KIGALI (Reuters) - A critic of Rwandan President Paul Kagame will appear in court on Friday charged with inciting insurrection and forgery, the prosecutor s office said on Thursday.  Diane Shima Rwigara, a 35-year-old accountant, is the latest political opponent of Kagame to face criminal charges. She was barred from contesting the presidency in an August election he won with 98.8 percent of the vote.  She has repeatedly accused him of stifling dissent and criticized his Rwandan Patriotic Front s tight grip on the country since it fought its way to power to end a genocide that killed more than 800,000 people in 1994.  The Court will examine the serious grounds justifying provisional detention of the suspects,  the prosecutor s office said on Twitter. The office noted that the other two suspects to appear in court are Rwigara s mother Adeline and sister Anne.    The three women have been in detention for around two weeks. They were first taken from their home in the Rwandan capital on Aug. 30 on tax evasion allegations related to the family s tobacco company. That charge was not listed in those filed on Tuesday. Kagame has been widely praised for restoring stability in Rwanda and presiding over a rapid economic recovery after the genocide in the East African nation.  But human rights groups say he has muzzled independent media and suppressed potential democratic opponents. Some critics of the government have been imprisoned or killed. Rwanda last month charged another opposition official and eight others with forming an armed group and seeking to overthrow the government.   With each arrest in Rwanda, fewer and fewer people will dare to speak out against state policy or abuse,   read a Human Rights Watch in a report released last month. ",1
18263,EU executive not assessing impact of Catalan crisis on Spanish economy,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union s executive arm, the European Commission, is not conducting any assessments of the impact of the political crisis in Catalonia on Spain s economy as a whole, Commission Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis said on Thursday.  This issue is being dealt with by dialogue, so currently we are not doing any assessments on the potential economic impact,  Dombrovskis told a regular news briefing. ",1
18264,"Nerve agent VX found on shirts of women accused of North Korean murder, expert says","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Traces of a deadly nerve agent that killed the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un were found on the clothes worn by the two women accused of the sensational murder, a Malaysian court was told on Thursday. Indonesian Siti Aisyah, 25, and Doan Thi Huong, 28, a Vietnamese, are charged with murdering Kim Jong Nam by smearing his face with VX, a chemical poison banned by the United Nations, at Kuala Lumpur airport on Feb. 13. A chemical weapons expert with the Malaysian government said his analysis showed traces of VX, its precursors and degradation products on the sleeves of a T-shirt worn by Huong, as well as VX degradation products on Siti Aisyah s sleeveless shirt.      The presence of precursors and VX confirms the presence of VX itself,  the expert, Raja Subramaniam, told the court outside the Malaysian capital.  I also found degradation products of VX, which confirms the presence of VX.  The testimony was used to back the prosecution s position that VX was used in the murder and was the sole cause of death, a scenario defense lawyers disputed this week. [nL4N1ME159] In response to a prosecution question, Raja agreed that VX could be applied on a bare palm and potentially have no effect on a person if washed off quickly enough. The lethality of VX depended on the dosage and where on the body it was applied, he added.  The concentration required varies by a factor of 26, from the cheek, which is sensitive, to the palm, which is least sensitive, to have the same effect,  Raja said. Raja said penetration of VX into the body is highest in areas with higher concentrations of blood, such as the head, neck, eyes and ears. On the least sensitive areas, such as the palm, where larger amounts of tissue and fat deposits block absorption, Raja said an individual would have up to 15 minutes to wash off the nerve poison with running water.  If you decontaminate within 15 minutes, most likely no effect or delayed effect (from VX),  Raja said, citing studies on human test subjects. The women have pleaded not guilty, saying they thought they were involved in some sort of prank for a reality TV show. They face the death penalty if convicted. [nL4N1MD1MK] The trial will resume on Monday. ",1
18265,Thai court issues second arrest warrant for fugitive former PM Yingluck,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - A Thai criminal court has issued a second arrest warrant for former prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who fled the country weeks ago before she was sentenced to jail in absentia, police said on Thursday. The warrant, issued on Wednesday, was for violating the immigration law, deputy police chief Srivara Ransibrahmanakul told reporters.  Yingluck fled abroad in August fearing that the military government, set up after a coup in 2014, would seek a harsh sentence. It remains unclear how she left the country.  Last week, the Supreme Court convicted and sentenced Yingluck in absentia to five years in jail for mismanaging a rice subsidy scheme that cost the country billions of dollars. Throughout her trial, Yingluck said she was innocent and not responsible for the day-to-day running of the scheme, arguing that she was a victim of political persecution.  Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, the army chief who led the 2014 coup against Yingluck s government, recently said Thailand would pursue her through diplomatic channels and police cooperation, using Interpol.  Foreign ministry spokeswoman Busadee Santipitaks told reporters on Thursday the ministry was working on revoking  Yingluck s Thai passport.  She added that the ministry had no information on whether Yingluck was seeking political asylum.  Last week, Thai police raided Yingluck s home in eastern Bangkok, armed with a search warrant. The military government said last week she was in Dubai. But a source in the United Arab Emirates said Yingluck left Dubai for London on Sept. 11, without giving details.  ",1
18266,Turkish security forces kill five Kurdish militants in southwestern Turkey: NTV,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish security forces killed five Kurdish militants in the southwestern province of Mugla on Thursday, broadcaster NTV said, marking a rare clash in an Aegean coastal region popular with foreign tourists. Security forces carried out an operation against a group of seven militants from the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) in Mugla s Koycegiz district, NTV said. Two of the militants were still being sought, it said. On Wednesday, security forces captured four Kurdish militants and three others helping them near Mugla s Seydikemer district, NTV said. Mugla is the site of major tourist destinations, including Bodrum and Marmaris on Turkey s southwest coast. Nearly all of the fighting with the PKK happens in the mainly Kurdish southeast on the opposite side of the country. On Wednesday Mugla hosted the highest profile case related to last year s abortive putsch, in which the court found 42 former soldiers guilty of trying to kill President Tayyip Erdogan. It was not immediately clear if the militants  presence in Mugla was related to that case.  The autonomy-seeking PKK, considered a terrorist organization by Turkey, the United States and the European Union, has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state. More than 40,000 people have died in the conflict.  ",1
18267,Brazil's congress sets up fund to cover lack of campaign finance,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s scandal-plagued political class voted on Wednesday to set up a 1.7 billion reais ($542 million) fund with taxpayer money to finance election campaigns, making up for a dearth of private funding ahead of next year s general election. A ban on corporate donations coupled with the drying up of under-the-table contributions and kickbacks in the wake of the country s biggest corruption scandal have left lawmakers struggling to raise campaign funding. The lower house of Congress approved a bill that had passed the Senate and will take funds from pork barrel appropriations and government payments to buy TV and radio time for parties. The fund was meant to be part of improvements to Brazil s discredited political system to reduce a proliferation of parties that has made it hard to govern Latin America s largest nation without unwieldy coalitions based on self-interest. The Senate unanimously approved on Tuesday a constitutional amendment that limits coalitions to parties with similar platforms, but it will not go into effect until the 2022 elections. More than 100 lawmakers are targeted by the Car Wash corruption investigation that uncovered a network of bribes from private companies seeking to win contracts or influence policies, and even implicated President Michel Temer and several of his cabinet ministers. Critics of the campaign fund said it was aimed at providing funding for lawmakers seeking re-election to shield themselves from prosecution for corruption.  It is shameful that this fund will be used by unethical politicians who should not be sitting here in Congress,  said Julio Delgado, leader of the Brazilian Socialist Party (PSB).  Not a single lawmaker under investigation has opposed it.  Backers of the use of public money for campaigns argued that organized crime would step in to finance politicians if funding was lacking. The sprawling Car Wash graft investigation that convicted dozens of executives from Brazil s main contractor companies has shut down the flow of undeclared payments to politicians.  What most worries them is where they will get money for their campaigns now that companies cannot donate and are not willing to engage in illegal contributions,  said Lucas de Arag o, partner at political risk consultancy Arko Advice. On the positive side, he said, Congress set a threshold for parties to be able to access public funding and free TV time based on the votes they win, which will help reduce the number of parties, today totaling 35. (This version of the story corrects the fifth paragraph to say coalitions reform will not go into effect until the 2022 elections). ",1
18268,Ukraine expels another Russian journalist over coverage,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine has expelled a Russian journalist working for the television channel NTV as punishment for spreading anti-Ukrainian propaganda and justifying the actions of separatists, the state security service (SBU) said on Thursday. Relations between Kiev and Moscow have been poisoned since Moscow annexed Crimean from Ukraine in 2014 and backed a separatist insurgency in Ukraine s eastern Donbass region that has killed more than 10,000 people despite a notional ceasefire. Ukraine says Russia is fighting a  hybrid war  with Kiev, spreading propaganda while supporting the separatists with troops and sophisticated weaponry and launching cyber attacks on Ukrainian infrastructure, which Moscow denies. Vyacheslav Nemyshev was expelled in the early hours of Thursday for preparing  a series of false anti-Ukrainian materials,  the SBU state security service said.  The propagandist is forbidden from entering Ukraine for three years.  NTV said on its website the incident  confirmed that it was practically impossible for Russian journalists to work in Ukraine today.    I was at the police station for five hours, first the police took testimony from me, then the SBU officers,  NTV quoting Nemyshev as saying.   After that we drove around Kiev for a really long time, then we stopped at some street where I sat in a car in the dark. After that, they told me that everything had been decided, and we went to the border.  Ukraine in August detained and then deported another Russian journalist for spreading anti-Ukrainian propaganda, a move condemned both by Russia and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, which monitors the Donbass war.  The security service had also barred two Spanish journalists for their negative coverage of the conflict. ",1
18269,Turkey orders detention of 133 ministry workers in post-coup probe: Anadolu,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish authorities issued detention warrants for 133 people working in the finance and labor ministries, the state-run Anadolu news agency said on Thursday, as part of a widening crackdown following last year s failed coup attempt. The suspects were detained for allegedly using ByLock, an encrypted messaging app which the government says was used by the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, blamed by Ankara of orchestrating last July s abortive putsch. Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999, denies involvement. Anadolu said 101 of the suspects were from the finance ministry and 32 from the labor ministry. It said two of the suspects from each ministry were active workers. Since then more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over links to Gulen, while 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the public and private sectors. Rights groups and some of Turkey s Western allies have voiced concern about the crackdown, fearing the government is using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government says only such a purge could neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network, which it says deeply infiltrated institutions such as the army, schools and courts. ",1
18270,Macron's sharp tongue throws French Twitter into a frenzy,"PARIS (Reuters) - Emmanuel Macron, who at the age of 39 has brought youth and vigor to the French presidency, is also developing a reputation for stinging and sometimes off-message language.  During a visit to a struggling company in the south-west of France on Wednesday, Macron was caught on video discussing clashes outside between the police and workers protesting his economic policies.  Instead of kicking up a bloody mess, some of them would be better off going to see if they can get a job over there,  he said, referring to a nearby aluminum factory battling to find workers.  Some of them have got the qualifications to do it,  he said, adding:  It s not that far for them to go.  The comments lit up TV channels and Twitter, where they were relished by the far-left and far-right, who are keen to cast Macron, a former investment banker, as out of touch with the common man and a president for the rich.  Florian Philippot, until recently the number two in the far-right National Front party, described Macron as having  contempt  for France s lower-income workers. A similar accusation was leveled by Clementine Autain, a lawmaker from the far-left France Unbowed party.   It shows a great class contempt,  she said.  He can t stop coming out with unfair comments targeting the masses.   Macron s new spokesman, former journalist Bruno Roger-Petit, was quick to post the full video of Macron s exchange on Twitter, saying some outlets and opponents were circulating extracts that made the president sound worse than was the case.  Truncated and taken out of context,  he said of snippets on social media.  Emmanuel Macron was underlining that the search for solutions on jobs is everyone s responsibility.  It is not the first time Macron has sparked controversy with his language and then shown little sign of contrition.  While his often erudite speeches are laced with literary references that show off his elite education, he has a tendency to use dismissive words in off-the-cuff comments that critics say make him sound arrogant. Last month, as he was finalizing changes to France s labor rules to make hiring and firing easier, he said he would not bow to  slackers  who resist reform. In July, visiting a high-tech start-up center in Paris, he talked about  those who succeed and those who are nothing .  And in 2016, when confronted by angry unionists while he was economy minister, Macron was recorded saying:  You don t scare me with your t-shirt. The best way of paying for a suit is to work.  Spikey language has dogged French presidents in the past. Nicolas Sarkozy caused uproar while interior minister in 2005 when he branded youths behind the worst urban violence in France in decades as  scum , a comment that haunted him as president. And Francois Hollande was accused by his former partner of referring to the poor as  toothless , undermining his efforts to portray himself as a friend of the needy. ",1
18271,"British PM showed guts and grace in conference speech, minister says","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May showed guts and grace by continuing with her keynote Conservative Party conference speech despite a repeated coughing fit and an interruption by a prankster, business minister Greg Clark told Sky on Thursday.  She showed guts and grace,  Clark told Sky News. He added that there was huge warmth towards May in the conference hall. May s bid to reassert her dwindling authority was ruined on Wednesday when her keynote speech was interrupted by repeated coughing fits, a prankster, and even letters of her slogan falling off the set behind her. ",1
18272,"After speech fiasco, UK minister says ruling Conservatives must stay cool","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s ruling Conservative Party must remain  cool-headed , business minister Greg Clark said on Thursday, after a speech by Prime Minister Theresa May at their annual conference was ruined by a prankster, letters falling off a slogan and coughing fits. The BBC reported that while ministers were rallying around the beleaguered May and praising her  guts and grace  in persisting with the hour-long speech despite the mishaps, some Conservative members of parliament were discussing amongst themselves whether to ask her to resign. Asked about such sentiment on BBC Radio 4, Clark said:  The view of the party, both parliamentary colleagues and activists, is that they regard, correctly, the responsibility of the Conservative Party to be effective and cool-headed in government.  ",1
18273,"British PM May is not considering resigning after ruined speech, Sky says","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May is not considering resigning, Sky news reported on Thursday, citing her Downing Street office.  Downing Street: Resignation is not an issue,  Sky said on its screen.  A spokesman for PM May did not comment on the report. A spokesman for the Conservative Party did not comment. May s bid to reassert her dwindling authority was ruined on Wednesday when her keynote speech was interrupted by repeated coughing fits, a prankster, and even letters of her slogan falling off the set behind her. ",1
18274,Danish inventor had murder videos on his computer: prosecutor,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - (This October 3 story has been refiled to Corrects detention period to four weeks, not four months, in seventh paragraph.) A Danish inventor charged with murdering Swedish journalist Kim Wall in his home-made submarine had video footage on his computer showing women being violently killed, a court heard on Tuesday. A police prosecutor said officers found images  which we presume to be real  of women being strangled and decapitated on the hard drive on Peter Madsen s computer in a laboratory he ran. That, together with new post-mortem evidence showing Wall was stabbed in her ribcage and genitals  around or shortly after her death,  was adding to the case against Madsen, the prosecutor, Jakob Buch-Jepsen, told the Copenhagen court. DNA tests from Madsen s nails, face and neck showed a clear match with Wall s, Buch-Jepsen said, though the exact cause of death remained unknown.  Our suspicion hasn t changed, it has been strengthened since (the last hearing on) September 5,  he added. Madsen, who denies murdering Wall and another charge of  mutilating her body, appeared in court via video link dressed in a green boilersuit. He said the computer searched by police was not his.  They are the space laboratory s tools which have been used by everyone in the laboratory,  he said. The court heard he had been working on building a space rocket in the lab.  He remained calm during the pre-trial session, sitting with his hands folded most of the time. The court ordered him detained for another four weeks as investigations continued. Wall, a 30-year-old freelance journalist who was researching a story on Madsen, went missing after he took her out to sea in the 17-metre (56-foot) craft in August.     Madsen has told the court in past hearings Wall died accidentally, saying she was hit by a heavy hatch cover on his UC3 Nautilus submarine. On August 23, police identified a headless female torso washed ashore in Copenhagen as Wall s. Madsen has also denied amputating her limbs, saying he tried to bury her whole body at sea. ",1
18275,Australia creates photo ID database to help track terror suspects,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian police will create a national photo database using existing identification records held by state authorities to identify terror suspects, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Thursday, fanning privacy concerns among rights groups. Turnbull said the database was intended to accelerate the process of identifying potential terror suspects, replacing a time-consuming system that could take up to a week when national authorities requested information from their state counterparts.  It shouldn t take seven days to be able to verify someone s identity or seek to match the photo of someone who is a person of interest,  Turnbull told reporters in Canberra.  It should be done seamlessly and in real time,  he said. The biometric database stops short of enabling real-time detection of suspects by scanning large crowds and alerting authorities when people on a security watch list are identified, similar to a system in place in China. China leads the world in the use of facial detection, even allowing education authorities to use the system to catch students cheating on exams, but Australia will limit the new database to police and intelligence agencies only. Turnbull said the system would not be connected to Australia s existing network of closed-circuit televisions, easing fears that authorities were seeking to create an automated system of detection. Australia, a staunch U.S. ally, is on heightened alert after a series of  lone wolf  attacks in recent years, and has sent troops to fight alongside the United States and other allies in Afghanistan and Iraq. It is also on alert for dozens of home-grown radicals returning after fighting for Islamic State and other extremist groups in Syria and Iraq. Turnbull said police were hampered by the current outdated, state-based system but Fergus Hanson, head of international cyber policy center at the Australian Strategic Policy Institute, said the new biometric system raised concerns about potential abuses of power.  I think most Australians would agree that using facial recognition to track down terrorists is a good idea,  he said.  People might say using it for tracking down murderers is a good idea, but what about people who haven t paid their parking fine?  Hanson said. The new database was unveiled as Turnbull met state leaders and announced Australia would now double the length of time terror suspects could be held by police to two weeks after their arrest. Australia s detention laws came into focus earlier this year with the arrest of four men on suspicion of planning an  Islamic inspired  plot to bring down a passenger plane. ",1
18276,Your gilded chariot awaits: Brunei sultan celebrates 50 years in power,"BANDAR SERI BEGAWAN (Reuters) - Oil-rich Brunei s absolute ruler marked 50 years in power on Thursday, with elaborate celebrations that included a glittering procession through the capital on a gilded chariot.  Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah, 71, is now the world s second-longest reigning monarch, after ascending the throne in the tiny northeast Borneo nation in 1967.  Dressed in gold brocade, the sultan entered the capital, Bandar Seri Begawan, with his wife, Queen Saleha, and their children on a carriage pulled by 50 members of the royal household clad in traditional black and gold woven cloth.  A military band led the five-km (three-mile) procession, which was greeted by more than 80,000 well-wishers, some of whom had arrived as early as 5 a.m. to secure a good spot.  The procession was part of a month-long celebration of the golden jubilee, which includes the opening of Brunei s first cable-stayed bridge, the unveiling of a major new urban park and a state banquet at the gold-domed palace on Friday, attended by regional leaders as well as British and Middle Eastern royalty.   The responsibility of the king is to his people and the people have a responsibility to the king,  the sultan told an audience at the palace.  Together, the king and the people hold the trust of the nation.  Brunei, a former British protectorate of about 400,000 people, relies heavily on oil and gas exports for its wealth. The country does not hold elections but any discontent is assuaged with generous government polices, including zero taxes, subsidized housing and free healthcare and education.  Despite tight social controls, the sultan is hugely popular. His rule has seen Brunei gain full independence from Britain and living standards soar to among the highest in Asia.  When we go to Friday prayers at the mosque, he is there. We can go up to him and shake his hand or pass him letters if we have complaints,  said Aizzat Bakar, 32, a businessman working in the capital. But the sultan also presided over the adoption of tough Islamic law in 2014, which raised concerns among tens of thousands of non-Muslims, including Western expatriate workers. The sale of alcohol is banned in Brunei and evangelism by other religions is strictly forbidden. Details of the lavish lifestyle of the sultan s brother, Prince Jefri, including owning hundreds of luxury cars and a yacht, became public during a family feud, grabbing global headlines and shocking many in the country.  The sultan, once the world s richest man, has a firm grip on power, but Brunei has also become a microcosm of the trouble faced by oil-dependent states. As global energy prices tumbled over the past three years, government revenue nosedived by 70 per cent. Brunei is the only Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) country to have seen a recession for three straight years.  The price collapse prompted Brunei to embrace Chinese investment, with Beijing pumping billions into key infrastructure projects.  In return, the sultanate has remained largely silent on Beijing s vast territorial stake in the South China Sea, which overlaps Brunei s own claims in the disputed waters. ",1
18277,Thousands queue to pay last respects to Thailand's late King Bhumibol,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Almost 12 million people, or almost one sixth of Thailand s population, have visited the glittering Grand Palace in Bangkok to pay their respects to the late King Bhumibol Adulyadej since he died last October, the palace said on Thursday. Thousands lined the streets of Bangkok s historic area near the Chao Phraya River to enter the palace on Thursday, the last day to see the late king before the royal cremation on Oct. 26. Queues stretched for more than two km (1.2 miles), officials said, with many lining up since Wednesday.  I ve been here since 6 pm and I managed to pay respects at 7 am,  Tossapon Thongmak, 33, a Bangkok resident.  We were rained on last night but this is a must - we must pay our respects to father,  he said. King Bhumibol died last October aged 88 and his body has laid in state in a gold hall at the palace. He was widely seen as a father figure and regarded as the nation s moral compass during decades of on-off political turbulence including several coups, bloody street protests and a region-wide 1997/98 financial crisis. He was succeeded in December by his only son, King Maha Vajiralongkorn, known as Rama X, who has since overseen a shake-up at the palace to give himself greater authority. The royal funeral will be a mix of Buddhist religious ceremonies and Hindu Brahmin rituals.   This is the first time that many Thais will experience a royal funeral for a monarch. So the grandeur, the beauty, and the determination of everyone involved in the preparation is a new experience for all,  Tonthong Chandransu, a public relations official for the funeral organization committee and an expert on the Thai monarchy, told Reuters in an interview.  From the architecture, the craftsmanship, the various preparations and their fine details, I have never seen this sort of dedication.  Builders have been working for months on a royal crematorium that was built from scratch on a green in front of the palace.  Time was needed in order to build heaven, based on imagination and belief systems that fused Buddhism with Brahmin Hindu traditions that are important in Thai society,  Tonthong said. The palace has said it expects 250,000 mourners to attend the royal cremation. Thailand s tourism body has asked tourists to respect Thai sensitivities during what promises to be an emotionally-charged time. ",1
18278,India struggles to rein in border flows of cattle and Rohingya,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Stopping Rohingya refugees from crossing India s porous eastern border with Bangladesh is straining the resources of guards battling to halt a flow of smuggled cattle in the opposite direction, security officials say. More than half a million Muslim Rohingya, a stateless ethnic minority, have fled Myanmar for Bangladesh since violence erupted on Aug. 25, but it is not clear how many then sought to travel on to India. Last month India ordered its border guards to use  rude and crude  methods, such as  chilli and stun grenades , to block their entry. But that directive clashes with another task India s Hindu nationalist government has set its border guards - to keep cows, seen by many Hindus as sacred, from being smuggled into Bangladesh for slaughter, in a trade worth $600 million a year.   It s hard to stop cows and human beings at the same time,  a senior official of India s Border Security Force (BSF), which has about 30,000 troops patrolling the frontier with Bangladesh, said in New Delhi, the capital.  The collective duty to seize cattle and push Rohingyas is having a negative impact on the morale of our troops,  added the official, who declined to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media.   We have conveyed this message to the top government officials.   He was one of four senior officials who told Reuters that Prime Minister Narendra Modi s government must decide which task  should get priority. An official of the Indian home ministry told Reuters the  authorities were working to tackle the concerns of the border guards, who have been successful in blocking entry of the Rohingya. India wants to deport about 40,000 Rohingya refugees who arrived in previous years, calling them a threat to national security, despite an outcry from rights groups. Since the violence in Myanmar, there has been a sudden rise in the number of cattle coming from India, said traders in Bangladesh, which considers the border trade legal.   There are fewer obstacles to getting cattle from India right now,  said Rabiul Alam, secretary of the Bangladesh Meat Traders  Association, which has about 1,000 members. In July, India s top court suspended a government ban on the trade of cattle for slaughter, giving a boost to its meat and leather industries, worth more than $16 billion in annual sales, and run mostly by members of the Muslim minority. The slaughter of cows was already banned in most parts of India, but Hindu hardliners and cow vigilante groups have been increasingly asserting themselves since Modi s government came to power in 2014. Stopping the cattle smugglers is not easy. At least 400 border guards have been injured and six killed in such operations since 2015, BSF figures show.  The guards often have to wade through fields and ponds, wielding bamboo sticks and ropes to deter smugglers and round up the cattle.    Injuries to guards is almost a routine affair now,  said R. P. Singh, a BSF official in West Bengal state, which shares a 2,216-km (1,375-mile) border with Bangladesh. ",1
18279,Russia says kills 7 Nusra Front field commanders in Syria air strike,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian air strike killed 49 Nusra Front militants including seven of its field commanders in Syria s Idlib province, Russia s Rossiya 24 state television channel cited the Russian defense ministry as saying on Thursday. Nusra Front severed ties with al Qaeda last year and rebranded to head the Hayat Tahrir al-Sham alliance. Russia said on Wednesday it had critically injured a leader of the Tahrir al-Sham militant group, Abu Mohamad al-Golani, with an air strike in Syria that also killed 12 of his field commanders. Golani is now in a coma, Russian news agencies cited Russia s defense ministry as saying on Thursday. ",1
18280,"Talks to form NZ coalition govt start, no decision until after final count","WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand First Party leader Winston Peters began talks on Thursday with the governing National Party and opposition Labour Party aimed at forming a coalition government after last month s inconclusive election. Peters, whose nationalist party holds the balance of power, has said no decision will be made until after a final vote count is released on Saturday.  It s like being between the devil and the deep blue sea here,  Peters told reporters at Parliament, according to the New Zealand Herald.  Peters held talks with Prime Minister Bill English and members of his center-right National in the morning and an afternoon meeting with Labour leader Jacinda Ardern, who told local media the conversation was  a great start .  It s setting the agenda, the ground rules, the protocols, how we re going to go about it. Let s have an agreement about precisely how we re going to do this,  Peters said in a video posted on Fairfax Media. English s National Party won a 10-point lead over center-left Labour in the Sept. 23 election, but neither won enough seats to govern alone. This is the third time Peters, 72, has held the balance of power after an election and he has previously formed coalitions with both National and Labour. A complete count is due on Oct. 7 when  special votes  which make up 15 percent of the total and include overseas ballots are released. The final count is not expected to change the outcome. Peters has said he will make a final decision by Oct. 12. Observers said Peters  focus in talks will likely be on domestic policies, especially regional development to shore up his voter base, despite his rhetoric about limiting Asian investment and slashing immigration.  Regional development is surely going to figure highly...I think there s no doubt New Zealand First is shifting to be more of a provincial, country party and that the important points are going to be directly related to that development,  said Bryce Edwards, political analyst at Critical Politics in Wellington. In one of the only indications of his priorities going into negotiations, Peters this week promised to revive the country s forestry sector, which has been a hot topic in his remote home region in the country s far north. Peters plans to create state-owned forests and a quota system to favor local processors over those exporting logs to overseas, largely to China. ",1
18281,Saudi king arrives in Moscow: Russian state TV,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s King Salman arrived in Moscow on Wednesday, Russian state television footage showed. The Rossiya-24 channel showed Salman s plane arriving at Vnukovo airport outside the Russian capital. ",1
18282,Chemical weapons watchdog found sarin used in March Syria attack: sources,"AMSTERDAM/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - An inquiry by the global chemical weapons watchdog found sarin was used in a March attack in Syria on an opposition-held town, just days before the banned nerve agent killed dozens in a separate attack nearby, sources told Reuters on Wednesday. The March 30 air strike in the northern Syrian town of Latamneh injured around 70 people who suffered nausea, foaming at the mouth and muscle spasms.   Samples analysis results show clear presence of sarin,  a source told Reuters of the findings by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW). The report by the OPCW Syria Fact Finding Mission is due to be finalised within weeks. The Fact Finding Mission reported in June that sarin was used in an April 4 attack on the town of Khan Sheikhoun that killed dozens of people and prompted the United States to launch missiles on a Syrian air base. Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States. The Syrian government has repeatedly denied using chemical weapons during the country s more than six-year civil war.  The OPCW Fact Finding Mission is only responsible for determining if chemical weapons were used in attacks in Syria. A joint United Nations and OPCW investigation, established by the U.N. Security Council in 2015, determines who is to blame. This team - known as the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) - has already found Syrian government forces were responsible for three chlorine gas attacks in 2014 and 2015 and that Islamic State militants used mustard gas. It is due to report to the Security Council this month on who is to blame for the April 4 Khan Sheikhoun attack.  The 15-member Security Council is due to renew the mandate for the JIM by mid-November. However, Russia has publicly questioned the work of the inquiry and some diplomats said it was uncertain if Moscow would support extending the mandate.   The Russians don t like what the JIM has come up with so far, so they are muttering about not allowing a rollover,  said a council diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity. Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia declined to comment on the future of the inquiry on Wednesday.  Renewing the U.N. Joint Investigative Mechanism now should be the Security Council s top priority,  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said in a statement on Wednesday.  We owe it to the innocent people - including children - who have suffered and died at the hands of the Syrian regime to continue to push for full accountability for these horrific crimes,  she said.  U.N. war crimes investigators said in a report last month that Syrian forces had used chemical weapons more than two dozen times, including in a sarin attack on the town of Khan Sheikhoun in April that killed more than 80 people. ",1
18283,"U.S., Nigerien troops killed in ambush on patrol in Niger","DAKAR/BAMAKO (Reuters) - Five soldiers from Niger and three U.S. Army Special Forces troops were killed and two wounded in an ambush on a joint patrol in southwest Niger on Wednesday, according to Nigerien and U.S. officials. The five Green Berets were attacked while on a routine patrol in an area known to have a presence of insurgents, including from al Qaeda in Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) and Islamic State, a U.S. official told Reuters. It was unclear who fired on the U.S. and U.S.-backed forces, the official said. Those forces were not patrolling the area with any specific objective, such as a high-value target or rescuing a hostage, the official added. A spokesman for U.S. Africa Command confirmed the attack after Radio France International (RFI) reported a lethal ambush near the Niger/Mali border.  We can confirm reports that a joint U.S. and Nigerien patrol came under hostile fire in southwest Niger,  said the spokesman. Namatta Abubacar, an official for the region of Tillaberi in Niger, said five Nigerien soldiers were among the dead. A Niger diplomatic source said the attackers had come from Mali and had killed several soldiers, without saying whether any of the U.S. troops stationed in the West African country were among the victims. U.S. President Donald Trump was briefed by telephone on the attack by White House Chief of Staff John Kelly while Trump flew back on Air Force One from Las Vegas, where he had been visiting victims and first responders affected by Sunday s mass shooting. RFI said earlier on Wednesday a counter-attack was underway. African security forces backed by Western troops are stepping up efforts to counter jihadist groups forming part of a growing regional insurgency in the poor, sparsely populated deserts of the Sahel. A relatively new militant group called Islamic State in the Greater Sahara has claimed some of the attacks. Geoff D. Porter, head of North Africa Risk Consulting, said that any confirmation of Islamic State s role in Wednesday s strike would lead to a strategic shift from Libya toward the Sahel band, stretching eastwards from Senegal to Chad.  The emphasis ... will now shift south,  he said. The U.S. Africa Command has hundreds of soldiers deployed across the region, including at an air facility in Agadez, and offers training and support to Niger s army in aspects such as intelligence gathering and surveillance. ",1
18284,Syrian opposition says Russian jets kill civilians fleeing across Euphrates,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Military jets believed to be Russian killed at least 60 civilians trying to flee heavy fighting in the oil rich Deir al Zor province of Syria when their small boats were targeted as they sought to cross the Euphrates River, opposition activists, former residents and a war monitor said late on Wednesday. They said the jets targeted makeshift rubber dinghies and boats carrying dozens of families fleeing the town of al Ashara along the western banks of the Euphrates that lies south of Deir al Zor city, the provincial capital. Islamic State s last major stronghold, the cities, towns and farms in the fertile strip along the Euphrates bordering Iraq are fast becoming the focus of Syria s six-year-long civil war.  Russian jets staged a second wave of strikes on the boats that were fleeing across the river causing more casualties among those who rushed to rescue earlier survivors,  said Abdullah al Akaidat, a tribal figure in northern Syria from Al Ashara who is in contact with relatives in the area.  Russia is throwing military weight behind the Syrian army campaign s to regain the province bordering Iraq, racing with U.S- backed forces to grab territory from Islamic State. U.S. coalition jets last year destroyed bridges that linked villages on the northeast of the Euphrates river with towns on the opposite bank.   Although the goal was to cut militant supply lines, it forced people to use ferries to cross the river and its tributaries and ruptured a major lifeline for civilians, raising prices of goods and food.  Fifteen civilians were killed in air strikes during the last 24 hours on the town of al Quriya, just further north of the town of Ashara along the river, said former residents in touch with relatives. Thousands of residents of the eastern province are fleeing war-torn zones to the safety of towns that have escaped relatively unscathed from the relentless fighting. The Russians built a bridge across the Euphrates near Deir Zor city to move troops and equipment. The militants waged a surprise counter offensive and claimed to have killed dozens of Syrian troops, Russian ground troops and Iranian-backed fighters. They regained some territory back. Islamic State released a video on Tuesday of two injured men it claimed were Russian soldiers captured in Deir al Zor province. Reuters could not verify the authenticity of the tape.  The Syrian army is seeking to advance toward Mayadeen, a city in the province 44 km southeast of Deir Zor, where the river flows through it. Mayadeen is a major Islamic State stronghold that has also been targeted by the U.S.-led coalition which had earlier this year also increased bombing of the group in cities and towns along the Euphrates valley. Relentless airstrikes by Russian jets in Deir al Zor province have intensified in recent days according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. The war monitor documented the death of at least 185 civilians, including at least 45 woman and children, in five days of aerial strikes.  Russia rejects opposition and human rights groups accusations that the bombing campaign has killed thousands of civilians since its major intervention two years ago that turned the tide in favor of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.  Scores of hospitals and civil defense centers have been bombed in what the opposition said is a  scorched earth policy  to paralyze life in rebel-held areas. Moscow says it only attacks hardline Islamists. ",1
18285,Amnesty International urges halt to Afghan refugee returns,"KABUL (Reuters) - The human rights group Amnesty International urged European nations on Thursday to stop sending Afghans who do not qualify for asylum back to their  deeply unsafe  home country, saying the policy risked causing serious harm to those affected. The call comes after a steady rise in violence over recent years as the Taliban has gained ground across the country and cities including the capital Kabul have been hit by a wave of suicide attacks.       Amnesty International is calling on all European countries to implement a moratorium on returns to Afghanistan until they can take place in safety and dignity,  the group said in a report issued on Thursday. It said the Afghan government should not cooperate with sending people back, despite its dependence on foreign aid. The report follows a sharp increase in the number of Afghans returned from Europe, either as a result of forced deportation or  assisted voluntary return . It said the total almost tripled from 3,290 to 9,460 between 2015 and 2016.  In their determination to increase the number of deportations, European governments are implementing a policy that is reckless and unlawful,  said Anna Shea, Amnesty International s Researcher on Refugee and Migrant Rights. She said governments were being  wilfully blind  to evidence that violence was at a record high. Afghans have been among the main groups of asylum seekers in Europe, with 108,455 first time asylum seekers registered in the European Union in the 12 months to the end of June, second only to Syrians, according to EU statistics agency Eurostat. However numbers have fallen over the past year, dropping 24 percent between the first and second quarters and 83 percent between the second quarter of 2017 and the same period in 2016. European governments, faced by voters angry at hundreds of thousands of arrivals from the Middle East, Africa and South and Central Asia over recent years, have cracked down, pledging to send rejected asylum seekers back to their home countries. The policy has proved particularly controversial in Afghanistan, where many European governments say that despite widespread violence, safety is sufficient to allow returns to some parts of the country.  According to United Nations figures, at least 1,662 civilians were killed and 3,581 wounded in the first half of the year, with nearly 20 percent of civilian casualties coming in the capital Kabul itself.  Afghanistan is deeply unsafe, and has become more so in recent years. Yet European countries are returning people to Afghanistan in increasingly large numbers, even as the violence in the country escalates,  the report said. ",1
18286,Three U.S. Army Special Forces soldiers killed in Niger: New York Times,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three U.S. Army Special Forces soldiers were killed and two were wounded in an ambush in Niger on Wednesday while on a routine patrol with Nigerien troops they were training, the New York Times reported, citing U.S. military officials. Earlier, a spokesman for U.S. Africa Command said a joint U.S.-Nigerien patrol had come under hostile fire in southwest Niger.    ",1
18287,Maverick state governor takes aim at Mexican presidency,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The first man in modern Mexican history to win a gubernatorial election as an independent said on Wednesday he aimed to run in the 2018 presidential election, putting pressure on the leading anti-establishment contender, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador. Jaime Rodriguez ruptured the political status quo by capturing the wealthy northern state of Nuevo Leon by a landslide in 2015 after he broke with President Enrique Pena Nieto s Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI. Rodriguez adds to a fragmented landscape of contenders led by twice presidential runner-up Lopez Obrador, a former Mexico City mayor who has spent years pitching himself as the only solution to ongoing political corruption and chronic inequality.  I want to give it a try, and I want to show that the people are tired of political parties and the politicians themselves,  Rodriguez, 59, told Mexican broadcaster Radio Formula. Known as  El Bronco  due to his blunt style, Rodriguez has trailed far behind Lopez Obrador in early opinion polls. However, his entry into the race could eat away at anti-establishment support for Lopez Obrador, a leftist with nationalist leanings. That, in turn, could help the PRI. The avid horseman said he planned to register on Saturday and will have four months to gather 866,593 signatures - or one percent of the electorate - in at least 17 regions of Mexico to qualify as an independent ahead of the July 2018 vote. Voter surveys show all presidential hopefuls struggling to win the backing of as much as one third of the electorate. In June, the PRI was able to exploit those divisions, winning a tight gubernatorial race in the State of Mexico, the country s most populous region, with barely a third of the vote. Leading PRI officials say privately the party hopes to take advantage of that fragmentation again to eke out victory in 2018. However, it is still unclear who will be the party s candidate. Pena Nieto is barred by law from seeking re-election. Further crowding the pool of anti-systemic candidates, Senator Armando Rios Piter, an independent former member of the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD), also registered a run for the presidency on Wednesday. The PRD was once led by Lopez Obrador, but he turned his back on it to found a new leftist movement in 2014, frequently accusing his former allies as being lackeys of the PRI. The PRD meanwhile, has decided to forge a  broad front  with the main center-right opposition party, the National Action Party (PAN), to defeat the PRI. Officials from both parties say they could back an independent candidate to lead their bid. All told, ten independents have so far registered, according to the National Electoral Institute (INE). Three of those contenders failed to meet initial requirements, the INE said. Lopez Obrador has attacked Rodriguez s independent credentials, describing him as a tool of the PRI, and helping to fuel an increasingly bitter rivalry between the two.  According to him (Lopez Obrador), he s the only good guy in the country,  Rodriguez told Radio Formula.  We re all devils in the rest of the country, he s the only saint.  ",1
18288,Brazil's Meirelles has hired media team ahead of 2018 election: sources,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles has hired social media experts to boost his image ahead of the 2018 election, three sources told Reuters on Wednesday, the strongest sign yet that the former banker is seriously eyeing a run for president. Meirelles hired analysts linked to the Get lio Vargas Foundation (FGV) think tank to study his social media presence on a daily basis and build a communication plan, said one of the sources. The sources requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the matter.  They have been working for Meirelles for more than three months, two of the sources said. The Finance Ministry s press office declined comment on Meirelles behalf.  The finance minister s potential candidacy adds to political uncertainty ahead of a presidential election marked by a strong anti-establishment climate and a lack of clear favorites.  Meirelles, praised by investors for leading a market-friendly agenda of economic reforms, would have to leave his post by April, six months before the election, and could face a wide field of competitive candidates in a first-round vote. One of the analysts hired by Meirelles works alongside the ministry s official communication team in Brasilia, although the FGV team has not received any public funds for supporting his potential candidacy, two of the sources said.  The team includes Thomas Traumann, a former spokesman for impeached President Dilma Rousseff, according one of the sources and another person familiar with the matter. Traumann confirmed to Reuters that he had consulted for Meirelles under private contract since 2015, but he did not work for the Finance Ministry. He declined to comment on potential preparations for next year s presidential race. The Finance Ministry said FGV has offered consultancy on social media to the ministry as part of a 40-year-long initiative of institutional support, without any connection to the 2018 campaign. A  ministry spokeswoman, who asked not to be named in accordance with ministry policy, said it had no relationship with Traumann. FGV said it had not signed a contract with the Finance Ministry or Meirelles. Reuters reported late in August, citing a source close to Meirelles, that Meirelles wanted to run for president but knew he would have a strong chance only if the economy improved substantially after two years of recession.  Congressmen from his Social Democratic Party (PSD) last month heard from Meirelles that he felt honored to have his name floated as a potential candidate. Other potential candidates from within President Michel Temer s fragmented coalition include the governor of Sao Paulo state, Geraldo Alckmin, and Sao Paulo Mayor Joao Doria. Meirelles opened a Twitter account in June to publicize his actions as minister and has recently left the door open for a potential candidacy, saying he would take a decision on the race by April. About 2 percent of voters have declared their intention to vote for him, according to a recent Datafolha poll.  A civil engineer by training, Meirelles is the former president of BankBoston, which was eventually acquired by Bank of America Corp, and a former president of Brazil s central bank. ",1
18289,Ecuador president replaces vice president jailed in Odebrecht probe,"QUITO (Reuters) - Ecuador s president on Wednesday tapped Urban Development Minister Maria Alejandra Vicuna to replace jailed Jorge Glas as vice president while he is investigated in a corruption scandal centered on Brazilian construction company Odebrecht.  In a political drama that has riveted the small Andean country, Glas was jailed on Monday night after prosecutors determined he was linked to the payment of bribes by Odebrecht. He has not been formally charged.  Glas, a close ally of leftist ex-President Rafael Correa who served as his vice president and strategic sectors minister, has maintained his innocence and claimed the new administration of President Lenin Moreno is seeking to smear him for political gain.  Moreno on Wednesday announced that Vicuna, a low-profile former lawmaker from the ruling Country Alliance party, would take on the role of vice president during Glas   temporary absence.   The investigation into Glas and his sidelining from the current government has caused a rift between Moreno and his fiery predecessor and onetime mentor Correa, who says Glas is the innocent victim of a political witch hunt.  Tensions are due to rise further between the two politicians with Moreno planning a referendum in early 2018 on whether to ban elected politicians from running for indefinite re-election, a move widely seen as aimed at barring Correa from becoming president again.  Fallout from the massive Odebrecht corruption saga continues to sweep Latin America. The company, which has admitted to paying bribes to win contracts in a number of countries, has already paid $3.5 billion in settlements in the United States, Brazil and Switzerland. The scandal has embroiled politicians across the region.  Glas, 48, was accused by a fugitive former oil minister of being  the ringleader  of a bribe network in the energy sector. ",1
18290,Exclusive: European envoys take fight for Iran nuclear deal to U.S. Congress,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As Congress faces a possible fight over the future of the Iran nuclear agreement, European ambassadors and officials from President Barack Obama s administration are making their case for preserving the pact directly to U.S. lawmakers. The British, French, German and European Union ambassadors to the United States will participate later on Wednesday in a meeting on Capitol Hill with Democratic senators organized by the Senate s number two Democrat, Richard Durbin, congressional aides and embassy officials told Reuters. Former Undersecretary of State and lead Iran negotiator Wendy Sherman will also attend and former Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz and Treasury Secretary Jack Lew will participate  via videolink, an aide to Durbin and another congressional aide said. The meeting is part of an ongoing effort by Democrats in Congress and other officials who support the nuclear pact to bolster support for the deal by spelling out the consequences of its collapse as Republican President Donald Trump faces an Oct. 15 deadline for certifying the agreement or placing its fate in the hands of Congress. A British embassy official said Ambassador Kim Darroch was in Congress on Wednesday with his French, German and EU counterparts meeting with both Democrats and Republicans  to provide information on the European position on the JCPOA,  using an acronym for the nuclear agreement. An EU embassy spokesman confirmed that EU Ambassador David O Sullivan and others would attend, to explain that the deal is a multilateral agreement that is working and that the European Union will do everything it can to ensure it stays in place. Trump has long criticized the nuclear pact, a signature foreign policy achievement of his predecessor Obama, and signed in 2015 by the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Russia, China, the European Union and Iran. Senior White House officials have said that Trump is leaning toward a course of action that could lead to the United States abandoning the pact, despite apparent disagreement within his administration over whether that is the best way forward. A senior administration official said the administration was considering Oct. 12 for Trump to give a speech on Iran but no final decisions have been made. Supporters of the deal say its collapse could trigger a regional arms race and worsen Middle East tensions. Opponents say it went too far in easing sanctions without requiring that Iran end its nuclear program permanently. The ambassadors have said the deal s demise would be a major loss that could lead to increased enrichment by Iran and weaken international proliferation efforts as the world grapples with a growing nuclear threat from North Korea. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the United States should consider staying in the deal unless it were proven that Tehran was not abiding by the agreement. Mattis said Iran was  fundamentally  in compliance with the agreement. Earlier on Wednesday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Trump would be presented with multiple options regarding the future of the nuclear pact. Under the deal, Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for the suspension of international sanctions that were choking its economy. If Trump declines to certify, it could pave the way for Congress to vote to resume those sanctions, killing the deal. Some Republicans argue that Trump can decertify because he does not believe the agreement is in the national security interest. That, they said, would increase pressure on Tehran because Congress could threaten to re-impose sanctions if Iran does not agree to a more restrictive deal. Iran has said it may abandon the nuclear deal it reached with the major world powers if the United States decides to withdraw from it. ",1
18291,Russia throws North Korea lifeline to stymie regime change,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is quietly boosting economic support for North Korea to try to stymie any U.S.-led push to oust Kim Jong Un as Moscow fears his fall would sap its regional clout and allow U.S. troops to deploy on Russia s eastern border. Though Moscow wants to try to improve battered U.S.-Russia relations in the increasingly slim hope of relief from Western sanctions over Ukraine, it remains strongly opposed to what it sees as Washington s meddling in other countries  affairs, according to Russian diplomats and analysts familiar with the Kremlin s thinking. Russia is already angry about a build-up of U.S.-led NATO forces on its western borders in Europe and does not want any replication on its Asian flank, the sources added. Yet while Russia has an interest in protecting North Korea, which started life as a Soviet satellite state, it is not giving Pyongyang a free pass: it backed tougher United Nations sanctions against North Korea over its nuclear tests last month. At the same time Moscow is playing a fraught double game, by quietly offering North Korea a slender lifeline to help insulate it from U.S.-led efforts to isolate it economically. A Russian company began routing North Korean internet traffic this month, giving Pyongyang a second connection with the outside world besides China. Bilateral trade more than doubled to $31.4 million in the first quarter of 2017, due mainly to what Moscow said was higher oil product exports, according to Russia s ministry for the development of the Far East. At least eight North Korean ships that left Russia with fuel cargoes this year have returned home despite officially declaring other destinations, a ploy U.S. officials say is often used to undermine sanctions against Pyongyang. And Russia, which shares a short land border with North Korea, has also resisted U.S.-led efforts to repatriate tens of thousands of North Korean workers whose remittances help keep the country s hard line leadership afloat.  The Kremlin really believes the North Korean leadership should get additional assurances and confidence that the United States is not in the regime change business,  Andrey Kortunov, head of the Russian International Affairs Council, a think-tank close to the Russian Foreign Ministry, told Reuters.  The prospect of regime change is a serious concern. The Kremlin understands that (U.S. President Donald) Trump is unpredictable. They felt more secure with Barack Obama that he would not take any action that would explode the situation, but with Trump they don t know.  Trump, who mocks North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as a  rocket man  on a suicide mission, told the United Nations General Assembly last month he would  totally destroy  the country if necessary. He has also said Kim Jong Un and his foreign minister  won t be around much longer  if they made good on a threat to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the United States. To be sure, Beijing s economic ties to Pyongyang still dwarf Moscow s and China remains a more powerful player in the unfolding nuclear crisis. But while Beijing is cutting back trade as it toughens its line on its neighbor s ballistic missile and nuclear program, Russia is increasing its support. People familiar with elements of Kremlin thinking say that is because Russia flatly opposes regime change in North Korea. Russian politicians have repeatedly accused the United States of plotting so-called color revolutions across the former Soviet Union and any U.S. talk of unseating any leader for whatever reason is politically toxic in Moscow. Russia s joint military exercises with neighboring Belarus last month gamed a scenario where Russian forces put down a Western-backed attempt for part of Belarus to break away. With Russia due to hold a presidential election in March, politicians are again starting to fret about Western meddling.   In 2011, President Vladimir Putin accused then U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton of trying to stir up unrest in Russia and he has made clear that he wants the United States to leave Kim Jong Un alone. While condemning Pyongyang for what he called provocative nuclear tests, Putin told a forum last month in the eastern Russian port of Vladivostok that he understood North Korea s security concerns about the United States and South Korea. Vladivostok, a strategic port city of 600,000 people and headquarters to Russia s Pacific Fleet, is only about 100 km (60 miles) from Russia s border with North Korea. Russia would be fiercely opposed to any U.S. forces deploying nearby in a reunited Korea.  (The North Koreans) know exactly how the situation developed in Iraq,  Putin told the economic forum, saying Washington had used the false pretext that Baghdad had weapons of mass destruction to destroy the country and its leadership.   They know all that and see the possession of nuclear weapons and missile technology as their only form of self-defense. Do you think they re going to give that up?  Analysts say Russia s view is that North Korea s transformation into a nuclear state, though incomplete, is permanent and irreversible and the best the West can hope for is for Pyongyang to freeze elements of its program.        Kortunov, the think-tank chief close to the Russian Foreign Ministry, said he did not think the Kremlin s defense of Kim Jong Un was based on any personal affection or support for North Korea s leadership, likening Moscow s pragmatic backing to that it has given Syria s President Bashar al-Assad. Moscow s position was motivated by a belief the status quo made Russia a powerful geopolitical player in the crisis because of its close ties to Pyongyang, Kortunov said, just as Russia s support for Assad has gifted it greater Middle East clout. He said Moscow knew it would lose regional leverage if Kim Jong Un fell, much as its Middle East influence was threatened when Islamist militants looked like they might overthrow Assad in 2015.   It s a very delicate balancing act,  said Kortunov.   On the one hand, Russia doesn t want to deviate from the line of its partners and mostly from China s position on North Korea which is getting tougher. But on the other hand, politicians in Moscow understand that the current situation and level of interaction between Moscow and Pyongyang puts Russia in a league of its own compared to China.  If the United States were to remove Kim Jong Un by force, he said Russia could face a refugee and humanitarian crisis on its border, while the weapons and technology Pyongyang is developing could fall into even more dangerous non-state hands. So despite Russia giving lukewarm backing to tighter sanctions on Pyongyang, Putin wants to help its economy grow and is advocating bringing it into joint projects with other countries in the region.  We need to gradually integrate North Korea into regional cooperation,  Putin told the Vladivostok summit last month.  ",1
18292,Brazil detains Italian fugitive Battisti leaving country,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazilian highway police on Wednesday detained Cesare Battisti, an Italian former left-wing guerrilla convicted of murder in his country, as he was attempting to cross the border into Bolivia in a taxi, federal police said. Battisti was apparently trying to leave Brazil after Italy reportedly asked Brazil s government to revoke his asylum status and extradite him to serve his prison sentence. He was stopped by highway police as he was about to cross the border in a Bolivian taxi and was held for possession of a  significant  quantity of undeclared foreign currency, the federal police said in a statement.       Battisti faced life in prison in Italy, where he was convicted of four murders committed in the 1970s, when he belonged to a guerilla group called Armed Proletarians for Communism. He escaped from prison in 1981 and lived in France before fleeing to Brazil to avoid being extradited to Italy. Battisti s lawyer, Igor Sant Anna, told Reuters that he had sought a habeas corpus injunction last week due to the risk that President Michel Temer s government could agree to Italy s request. Habeas corpus is a legal procedure that keeps a government from holding a person without showing cause. The police statement said he was being held for breaking currency rules. O Globo newspaper reported last week that Italy had asked the Temer government to review the status of Battisti, who was granted refugee status by former leftist President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva on his last day in office in 2010. Lula had refused an Italian extradition request, a decision that upset relations between the two countries. ",1
18293,Catalonia moves to declare independence from Spain on Monday,"BARCELONA/MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia will move on Monday to declare independence from Spain after holding a banned referendum, pushing the European Union nation toward a rupture that threatens the foundations of its young democracy. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont said he favored mediation to find a way out of the crisis but that Spain s central government had rejected this. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s government responded by calling on Catalonia to  return to the path of law  first before any negotiations. Mireia Boya, a Catalan lawmaker from the pro-independence Popular Unity Candidacy (CUP) party, said a declaration of independence would follow a parliamentary session on Monday to evaluate the results of the Oct. 1 vote to break away.  We know that there may be disbarments, arrests ... But we are prepared, and in no case will it be stopped,  she said on Twitter. Puigdemont told the BBC he would ask the region s parliament to declare independence following the referendum, which Spain s government and constitutional court say was illegal and in which only a minority of Catalans voted. In a televised address on Wednesday night, Puigdemont said:      This moment calls for mediation. We have received various offers in the last hours and we will receive more.   Without specifically mentioning plans for an independence declaration, he added:  I am sure that in the next few days we will show the best of our country when the institutions of Catalonia will have to apply the results of the referendum.  Today we are closer than yesterday to our historic wish.  Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s government replied that Puigdemont had wasted an opportunity to put Catalonia back on a legal course.  If Mr. Puigdemont wants to talk or negotiate, or wants to send mediators, he knows perfectly well what he must do first: Return to the path of the law,  it said in a statement. Participants in the referendum opted overwhelmingly for independence, but turnout was only about 43 percent as Catalans who favor remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the ballot. Spain was only restored to democracy following the death in 1975 of military dictator Francisco Franco, under whom the Catalan language and traditions were suppressed. The constitutional crisis in Spain, the euro zone s fourth-biggest economy, has shaken the common currency and hit Spanish stocks and bonds. Madrid s borrowing costs have risen sharply and reached their highest since March on Wednesday. The cost of insuring against potential losses on Spanish bank debt and Spanish, Italian and Portuguese sovereign debt has also jumped, suggesting an impact on the wider euro zone. Bank stocks were hit especially hard as the Ibex stock index .IBEX fell below 10,000 points on Wednesday for the first time since March 2015. In a sign of the nervous public mood, Catalonia's biggest bank, Caixabank (CABK.MC), and Spain's economy minister had earlier sought to assure bank customers that their deposits were safe. Puigdemont criticized Spain s King Felipe VI who on Tuesday lambasted the  irresponsible behavior  of the Catalan leaders. He said the king had disappointed many people in Catalonia by failing to call for dialogue and he accused King Felipe of endorsing the policies of Rajoy, which he said had been  catastrophic  for Catalonia. The EU executive called again on Wednesday for the Spanish government and Catalan authorities to open a dialogue.  It s time to talk,  the European Commission s deputy head, Frans Timmermans, told the European Parliament. Various attempts to find a mediated solution to the crisis emerged on Wednesday.Pablo Iglesias, leader of the left-wing Podemos party, proposed the Spanish and Catalan government try to agree on a mediator while the FC Barcelona football club said it had joined other groups in Catalonia seeking a negotiated solution. Spanish media reports said the Catalan regional government had been in touch with senior church figures to sound out the possibility of them playing a mediating role. But the Spanish government rejected mediation. Rajoy told Iglesias that Puigdemont had to give up the idea of unilaterally declaring independence, a government source said.  That is not negotiable. You can t deal with people who plan to blackmail the state so brutally,  the source added. Rajoy, a conservative who has taken a hard line on Catalan independence, is considering the unprecedented step of dissolving the Catalan parliament and triggering regional elections, ruling party lawmakers say. But he is struggling to secure support from across the traditional political divide - a lack of consensus that could compound Spain s worst political crisis for decades. In a sign that Spanish police reinforcements sent to Catalonia might be there for an extended stay, an army logistics unit sent bunkbeds, kitchens and showers to an army barracks near Barcelona in case the police need to use the military base at some point, a Ministry of Defence spokesman said. Some police staying at hotels in Catalonia have come under pressure from local residents to leave. Spain has been jolted by the Catalan vote and the Spanish police response to it, with batons and rubber bullets used to prevent people voting. Hundreds were injured in scenes that brought international condemnation. Catalans came out onto the streets on Tuesday to condemn the police action, shutting down traffic, public transport and businesses, and stoking fears about intensifying unrest in a region that makes up one-fifth of the Spanish economy.  As a businessman, as a Spaniard and as a person, I am very worried and I am scared by what s going on (in Catalonia),  said Juan Roig, chairman of Spain s biggest food retailer Mercadona. Pro-independence parties that control the Catalan government staged the referendum in defiance of a Constitutional Court ruling that the vote violated Spain s 1978 constitution, which states that the country is indivisible. Catalonia has its own language and culture and a political movement for secession that has strengthened in recent years. Outside Catalonia, most Spaniards appear strongly opposed to its independence drive. Opinion polls conducted before the vote suggested a minority of around 40 percent of residents in Catalonia backed independence. But a majority wanted a referendum to be held, and the violent police crackdown angered Catalans across the divide. ",1
18294,Saudi Arabia arrests 46 for stirring divisions: state media,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi authorities said on Wednesday they had arrested 22 people, including a Qatari national, for using social media to spread dissent. Another 24 people were detained in the northern Hail region for stirring tribal divisions, the state news agency SPA reported.  Neither report went into the details of the offenses. The announcements came days after a order from King Salman lifting a ban on women driving in the conservative Islamic kingdom. Saudi Arabia, alongside the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt, has also cut diplomatic and transport ties with Qatar accusing it of supporting militants and Iran - charges Doha denies. Citing a source in the newly-created Presidency of State Security, the counter-terrorism and domestic intelligence body, SPA said the 22 had been detained after authorities spotted videos on social media  inciting against public order . The online postings stirred  up feelings towards issues that are still under consideration,  and incited people to commit crimes, SPA said. Separately, SPA carried a statement from the interior ministry saying that during unspecified investigations in Hail,  people linked to the case were promoting lies and exaggerations about their circumstances in order to provoke sedition and tribal tensions . Soon after the two reports, Saudi Arabia s top clerical body, the General Secretariat of the Council of Senior Religious Scholars, issued a statement saying:  Anyone who tried to harm the kingdom security and the unity of its people has committed a dangerous crime . ",1
18295,Spain says if Catalan leader wants talks he first needs to respect the law,"MADRID (Reuters) - If Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont wants talks or mediation with the central government over the region s future, he first needs to respect the law, the Prime Minister s office said in a statement on Wednesday.  If Mr Puigdemont wants to talk or negotiate, or wants to send mediators, he know perfectly what he first needs to do: go back to the law,  the statement said. ",1
18296,Austria puts the squeeze on refugees with benefit cuts,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Ahmed Ali, a 34-year-old teacher, fled the war in Syria two years ago and settled in a quiet Austrian town on the hilly border with the Czech Republic. He was hoping to raise a family there. But voter attitudes towards immigrants have hardened due to concerns about security and the economy after Austria took in more than 1 percent of its population in asylum seekers in 2015.  This fueled support for the far-right party Freedom Party and its candidate came close to winning last year s presidential election. Immigration is still the dominant political issue ahead of the Oct. 15 parliamentary election. In January, lawmakers in Lower Austria, where Ali lived, reduced benefits for new arrivals. They said the benefits system needed protecting from being overstretched by the influx of refugees.  Ali and his pregnant wife moved again to Vienna in July, where their benefits would still be paid in full.  Most of us fled when the letter came telling us our social benefits would be cut. At first we didn t believe it but then we saw it on our bank balance,  said Ali, who says his German is not yet good enough to find work. Three of Austria s nine provinces   Lower Austria, Burgenland and Upper Austria   have reduced benefits for new arrivals. Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz, leader of the conservative People s Party which is leading in the polls, wants to make similar cuts apply to the whole country.  Chancellor Christian Kern, whose Social Democratic Party polls show competing with the Freedom Party for second place, has resisted the idea but said he could support them in cases where new arrivals turn down job offers.    So far, the cuts have primarily impacted migrants like Ali who sought asylum in Austria when it opened its border in 2015 although some Austrians returning home have also been caught. In Burgenland the rules apply to all people seeking help who have spent fewer than five years of the six preceding their application for benefits in Austria.  A statement accompanying the Upper Austrian bill painted the cuts as a way to tackle the problem of  welfare magnetism  in the context of refugees. The Lower Austrian government declined to comment due to a legal challenge against the cuts.  In a case brought by a charity, Austria s Constitutional Court is expected to rule next year on whether the cuts by Lower Austria, decided in late 2016 and implemented since early 2017, are illegal.  The 1951 United Nations Refugee Convention says host countries must grant refugees  the same treatment with respect to public relief and assistance  as their own nationals. A 2011 EU directive sets a similar rule.  The U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR), which has denounced  xenophobic debates  in Austrian politics ahead of the election,  has described the cuts as breaches of international and European law but no international cases have been started.   A Burgenland spokeswoman defended the benefits changes, saying they targeted Austrian nationals as well.    Therefore there is no violation of ... the EU directive and the refugee convention,  she said.  A spokesman for Kurz said legislation to expand the cuts would be passed and phrased in such a way  that no doubt for the highest courts will emerge . The three provinces have cut benefits for new arrivals, even after obtaining asylum, to around 570 euros ($669) a month, less than half the poverty threshold of 1,200 euros, compared with around 850 euros for an Austrian who has never lived abroad. Benefits for a household have been capped at 1,500 euros.  Rather than live off less than what is considered the bare minimum for most Austrians, many of those affected have moved, particularly to the capital. Ali moved to an apartment with his uncle and aunt in a dilapidated building on the outskirts of the city costing 1,100 euros a month.  They don t care how many children you have. And maybe they ll cut again,  Ali said in his living room with two sofas, a television set and a picture of Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani.  He found more affordable apartments but the landlord did not want refugees as tenants. One landlady was concerned social benefits for refugees might be cut in Vienna, too.   Instead of cutting the social safety net, integration and independence should be supported. We fear that language learning, training and the search for work will suffer if those affected don t know how to pay their rent anymore,  said the chief the UNHCR s Austria office, Christoph Pinter.   Although the Freedom Party and Kurz s conservatives have been the most vocal about cutting benefits for new arrivals, the three provinces that have put cuts in place are governed by various two-way combinations of all three main political parties. But most of those affected who spoke to Reuters fear an election victory for Kurz.  If Kurz wins, it will be a big problem,  said 24-year-old Basel from Deraa in Syria. He moved from Lower Austria to Vienna in July, leaving behind friends and a job as a hairdresser.  He says the cuts paralyze people like him with fear.   You stop thinking about the future.   (For a graphic on Austria's parliamentary election, click tmsnrt.rs/2hKIi65)    ",1
18297,"Sudan expects U.S. to lift sanctions, conditions met: state minister","KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Sudan expects the United States to lift economic sanctions as Khartoum has met all the required conditions, a Sudanese minister said on Wednesday, days before Washington is due to announce a decision. The U.S. government has said it is deciding whether to lift a raft of penalties imposed first over Khartoum s perceived support of global terrorism, later its violent suppression of rebels in Darfur. Former U.S. President Barack Obama temporarily eased some of the sanctions that have effectively cut Khartoum off from large parts of the global financial system. Officials said the gesture was meant to recognize Khartoum s moves to end conflicts and its help in the war on terrorism. In July, U.S. President Donald Trump s administration postponed for three months a decision on whether to remove the restrictions full-time - giving it an Oct. 12 deadline to make up its mind.  Sudan has fulfilled all the necessary conditions relating to the roadmap and the U.S. administration is a witness to that and therefore we expect the sanctions to be lifted,  Sudan s State Minister for Foreign Affairs, Hamed Momtaz, told Reuters. Washington has said Sudan needs to resolve its internal conflicts and let more aid into Darfur and other rebellious border areas, among other conditions. Some rights groups have raised concerns, saying the lifting of sanctions could lead to further abuses.  We re afraid lifting the sanctions could pave way for the government to ... violate rights,  said  Al-Buraq al-Nazir al-Warraq, the executive manager of the Sudanese Observatory for Human Rights, a group suspended by the government. Any lifting of economic penalties would be a major turnaround for the government of President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, who once played host to Osama bin Laden and is wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of orchestrating genocide in Darfur. ",1
18298,Spanish PM seeks safety in numbers before playing Catalonia trump card,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is struggling to secure support from across the traditional political divide in his battle to stop Catalonia breaking away - a lack of consensus that could compound Spain s worst political crisis for decades. Rajoy is mulling the unprecedented step of invoking the constitution to dissolve the Catalan parliament and trigger regional elections, ruling party lawmakers say, after Catalonia held an independence vote on Sunday despite violent attempts to stop it. Sacking the Catalan government is known in Madrid as the  nuclear option , given it is considered likely to foment unrest in Barcelona and through the rest of the heavily industrialized, affluent region that accounts for a fifth of Spain s economy. However, Rajoy s People s Party (PP) governs in minority and before playing this trump card, it has been in talks with the main opposition party, the Socialists, to seek their explicit support for such a move, a leading PP lawmaker said. Article 155 of the 1978 constitution has never been used in a country where fascist dictatorship is a living memory. The conservative PP is seen by Catalans as historically connected to the era of late dictator Francisco Franco, so experts say Rajoy must have the Socialists, also strong unionists, on board.  The 155 needs wide-ranging backing because we don t know whether it will resolve problems, and if it s only backed by one party in congress then it will be difficult to obtain the backing of a majority of Catalans,  said Rafael Hernando, who serves as a parliamentary organizer for the PP. Without that backing, Rajoy s hand could be weakened and, according to political sources and analysts, he might ultimately call a snap national election to win a mandate to take on the Catalan separatists. The prime minister s office declined to comment. Participants in the referendum opted overwhelmingly for independence, but turnout was only about 43 percent given that Catalans who favor remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the ballot. The Socialists, who had been open to the Article 155 option before the referendum, appeared to shift position this week after police used batons and rubber bullets to stop Catalans from voting - scenes that drew international condemnation. Instead, they said this week they would move a parliamentary motion criticizing Rajoy s deputy, Soraya Saenz de Santamaria, who they blame for the police violence on Sunday. The motion, a symbolic reprimand, does not oblige a minister to step down. There are some influential members of the party, such as former Socialist deputy prime minister Alfonso Guerra, who want Rajoy to take a hard line on Catalan separatism.  The Socialists should vote in favor (of Article 155),  Guerra said on Tuesday. His party, he added, should reprimand Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, not Saenz de Santamaria. Invoking Article 155 only needs approval of Spain s senate, which the PP controls, but majority political support for such a bold step in the lower house would help protect Rajoy against any no-confidence motions from his other political opponents. The left-wing Podemos party opposes using the article and wants Rajoy to negotiate a new referendum on independence, this time with his blessing. Madrid had banned last Sunday s referendum as unconstitutional, deploying police to disrupt it in what even some of his allies regard as a political mistake. The Basque National Party, formed to campaign for greater autonomy for the northern Basque region, is also against sacking the Catalan government. Last week, it withdrew support for Rajoy s 2018 budget until the Catalan question is resolved. Antonio Barroso, deputy director of London-based research firm Teneo Intelligence, said the Socialists  position on using Article 155 could be critical to Rajoy s future.  Basically he is taking the country into uncharted waters and for that he wants maximum support from as many parties as he can get on board, but also for wider acceptance of the course of action that the government will pursue,  Barroso said. Rajoy has offered to open multi-party talks that could cut a better tax and constitutional deal for Catalonia in return for the region giving up on independence. But Sunday s violence has hardened many Catalans against any such compromise. So far, only center-right Ciudadanos said this week it was in favor of sacking the Catalan government, dissolving the parliament and holding regional elections. Reflecting his struggle to find broader support, Rajoy has postponed until at least next week an expected parliamentary debate on Catalonia. By then, though, it might be too late. A member of Catalonia s pro-independence Popular Unity Candidacy party, a member of the region s governing coalition, said on Wednesday Catalonia would move in the regional parliament on Monday to declare independence. ",1
18299,Russia says critically injures ex-Qaeda leader in Syria; group denies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said on Wednesday it had critically injured a leader of the Tahrir al-Sham militant group in Syria with an air strike on his position that also killed 12 of his field commanders.   Russia had targeted Abu Mohamad al-Golani in an intelligence-led special operation while he was meeting his field commanders, the Defence Ministry said in a statement. A statement by the militant group on its telegram channel denied the claim and said Golani was in  good health and exercising the duties assigned to him completely.   May God help him succeed in his task,  the short statement said. Golani and his men were bombed by two Russian planes on Oct. 3, according to a statement by Defence Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov. The militant leader, who was the head of the Nusra Front before it merged with other groups to form Tahrir al-Sham, was badly hurt, the statement said.  As a result of the strike, the Nusra Front leader, Abu Mohamad al-Golani, sustained numerous shrapnel wounds and, having lost an arm, is in a critical condition, according to information from several independent sources,  Konashenkov said. Nusra Front severed ties with al Qaeda last year and rebranded to head the Hayat Tahrir al-Sham alliance. Other militants, along with Golani, occupy roles in its high command.   Around 50 of Golani s bodyguards and 12 Nusra Front field commanders were killed in the same air strike, Konashenkov said. They included a close aide to Golani and the head of the militant group s security service. The ministry said the air strike was part of an ongoing operation to destroy militants who had launched an offensive on Sept. 18. They surrounded 29 Russian military policemen who then had to be broken out in an operation backed by air power.  ",1
18300,Catalan leader backs mediation to resolve regional crisis,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalan regional leader Carles Puigdemont said on Wednesday he was in favor of mediation to find a way out of the Catalan crisis but that the Spanish government had not accepted it.  This moment calls for mediation. We have received various offers in the last hours and we will receive more. All of them know I am ready to start a mediation process,  he said in a televised address.  I will repeat it as many times as necessary: dialogue and agreement are part of the political culture of our people. However, the state has not given any positive answer to those offers,  he said. The Catalan parliament is expected to unilaterally declare independence from Spain next Monday after a referendum that the Spanish government and courts have declared illegal.  I am sure that in the next few days we will show the best of our country when the institutions of Catalonia will have to apply the results of the referendum,  Puigdemont said. ",1
18301,"Khamenei says Iran, Turkey must act against Kurdish secession: TV","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran and Turkey should prevent Iraq s Kurdistan region from declaring independence, Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Wednesday after meeting Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan in Tehran, state TV reported. Relations have generally been cool between Shi ite Iran and mainly Sunni Turkey, a NATO member. But both have been alarmed by the Iraqi Kurds  vote for independence last month, fearing it will stoke separatism among their own Kurdish populations.      Turkey and Iran must take necessary measures against the vote ... and Baghdad should make serious decisions ... serious and rapid decisions must be taken,  Khamenei was quoted as saying.  The Iraqi Kurdish secession vote is an act of betrayal toward the entire region and a threat to its future.  Iran and Turkey have already threatened to join Baghdad in imposing economic sanctions on Iraqi Kurdistan and have launched joint military exercises with Iraqi troops on their borders with the separatist region.  Erdogan, who was on a one-day trip to Tehran, said earlier that Ankara was considering taking further measures against Iraqi Kurdistan.  We have already said we don t recognize the referendum in northern Iraq... We have taken some measures already with Iran and the Iraqi central government, but stronger steps will be taken,  he said. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and Erdogan vowed to work closely together to prevent the disintegration of Iraq and Syria and to oppose the Iraqi Kurds  drive for independence.  We want security and stability in the Middle East ... The referendum in Iraq s Kurdistan is a sectarian plot by foreign countries and is rejected by Tehran and Ankara,  Rouhani said, according to state TV.   We will not accept a change of borders under any circumstances.  Iraq s autonomous Kurdistan region said on Tuesday it was calling presidential and parliamentary elections for Nov. 1. Baghdad responded by announcing further punitive measures. The central government, its neighbors and Western powers fear the vote in favor of secession could spark another, wider conflict in the Middle East region to add to the war in Syria. They fear it could derail the fight against Islamic State.  The Kurds are the region s fourth-largest ethnic group, spread across Iran, Turkey, Syria and Iraq, all of which oppose any moves toward a Kurdish state. Khamenei accused Iran s arch foe the United States of planning to create a new Israel in the Middle East by supporting the Kurdish vote in Iraq.  America and Israel benefit from the vote ... America and foreign powers are unreliable and seek to create a new Israel in the region,  he said. The United States opposed the referendum as a destabilizing move at a time when all sides in the region are still fighting Islamic State. Erdogan, whose security forces have been embroiled in a decades-long battle with Kurdish separatists in southeast Turkey, repeated his accusation that Israel was behind the Iraqi Kurds  referendum.  There is no country other than Israel that recognizes it. A referendum which was conducted by sitting side by side with Mossad has no legitimacy,  he said, referring to the Israeli intelligence agency. Israel has denied Turkey s previous claims of involvement in the vote, but has welcomed the Kurds  vote for independence. Rouhani also said that Tehran and Ankara planned to expand economic ties.  Turkey will import more gas from Iran... Meetings will be held to discuss the details,  he said. ",1
18302,Bangladesh destroys boats ferrying Rohingya from Myanmar,"SHAH PORIR DWIP, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Bangladeshi authorities have destroyed about 20 boats that ferried Rohingya Muslims fleeing violence in Myanmar, accusing smugglers of using the huge exodus to bring methamphetamine into the country. Refugees told Reuters that border guards also beat and arrested passengers and crew as they landed at Shah Porir Dwip, on the southern tip of Bangladesh on Tuesday night, before the vessels were smashed to pieces by locals. The local commander of Border Guards Bangladesh (BGB), Lieutenant Colonel Ariful Islam, denied there were beatings, and said the action was a crackdown on human trafficking and the smuggling of methamphetamine, a drug known locally as  ya ba .  The boats are trying to carry passengers they are not supposed to,  he told Reuters. He accused the organizers of the boat journeys of exploiting destitute Rohingyas by charging them for the short trip to Bangladesh. Some passengers told Reuters they had paid 10,000 Bangladeshi taka ($123) each for the trip, although others said they traveled free. More than half a million Rohingya Muslims have arrived in Bangladesh from predominantly Buddhist Myanmar since its armed forces responded to attacks by militants on Aug. 25 with a counteroffensive described by United Nations officials as  ethnic cleansing . While four passengers told Reuters they saw no drugs on board, Lieutenant Colonel Islam said border guards had found a large quantity of the drugs in the water on Tuesday night.  Maybe the carrier had dropped it before disembarking,  he said. At a teeming processing center in nearby Teknaf, Ibrahim Holil, from the village of Maungdaw Moknibara in Myanmar s Rakhine State, described on Wednesday how he said he was hit with a stick by a border guard as he helped his relatives disembark from their boat.  There is nothing in this boat. Only our belongings,  he said. Farous Ahmad, 65, said his two sons  - Sura Ahammed and Dildar Ahammed - were arrested soon after they landed. He said they had worked as crew on the trip because they had no money to pay the fare.  They also beat me everywhere. I do not know where my sons are,  he told Reuters.  I don t know why the BGB arrested my sons. People told me the BGB would shelter us in Bangladesh but yet they arrested them and also we had to spend the whole night sitting.  Asked about the allegations of beatings, Lieutenant Colonel Islam said:  It is never possible. Please check your source and motive.  Reuters reporters saw the remnants of the smashed boats. Nearby was a pile of sledgehammers and machetes. A local fisherman, Robi Alam, said the BGB had given local people money to destroy the boats. Bangladeshi authorities said last month they would crack down on fisherman charging Rohingya for ferrying them to safety, which they described as human trafficking.    Thousands of people continue to cross land and sea borders daily to reach Bangladesh, putting great strain on one of the poorest regions of a poor country. One refugee, who asked not to be identified, said his relatives were among 6,000 people waiting in Myanmar to cross to Bangladesh by boat on Wednesday night. He said news of the destruction of the boats and the arrests on Tuesday night had spread and he was concerned the owners of other vessels would be deterred from making the trip. Including the latest influx, about 1 million Rohingya, who were mostly stripped of their citizenship by a 1982 law passed by the military junta that then ruled Myanmar, now live in Bangladesh after fleeing periodic outbreaks of violence. Resentment against the stateless group has brewed for years in Bangladesh, where authorities have linked them to a surge in methamphetamine use. Seizures of the drug jumped more than 2,500 percent to 29.4 million pills between 2011 and 2016 and police and government officials say the Rohingya refugees, who cannot easily be traced, are the traffickers  preferred mules. The authorities have cited a growing drug problem as one reason for pushing ahead with a controversial scheme to move thousands of refugees from their border camps to an undeveloped island in the Bay of Bengal. Myanmar and Bangladesh are also discussing a framework for returning the Rohingyas to Myanmar. The two countries agreed on Monday to work on a repatriation plan, and a Myanmar government spokesman confirmed it would go along with it, provided people could verify their status with paperwork. ",1
18303,Syria's militant ex-Qaeda group denies leader injured in Russian strike,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Syria s Tahrir al-Sham militant group denied in a statement on social media on Wednesday that its leader had been critically wounded in a Russian air strike and said he was in good health and performing his duties. The Russian Defence Ministry said it had seriously injured Abu Mohamad al-Golani on Oct. 3 in an intelligence-led special operation while he was meeting his field commanders. Golani headed the Nusra Front, the former al Qaeda affiliate, before it merged with other groups to form Tahrir al-Sham. ",1
18304,Mexico plans aid for Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Suffering itself after two major earthquakes last month, Mexico plans to send aid including water and electricity experts to Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory reeling from the devastation of Hurricane Maria. The gesture, announced by the Mexican government on Wednesday, follows an awkward series of exchanges between Mexico and the United States over emergency aid in recent weeks. Mexico plans to send some 30 tons of bottled water, mosquito repellent and specialists in power generation, transmission and distribution from the state power utility, Mexico s foreign ministry said in a statement. The Federal Electricity Commission (CFE) team would work to mitigate the damage and assist in restoring power supply after Maria, the ministry said. The strongest hurricane to hit Puerto Rico in nearly 90 years, Maria caused at least 34 deaths and inflicted widespread damage to homes and infrastructure, including wiping out power across the Caribbean island. Mexico has had strained relations with its northern neighbor since U.S. President Donald Trump took office in January, promising to build a wall along the U.S. southern border to keep out illegal immigrants and drugs.  Mexico had planned to send material assistance to the United States after Hurricane Harvey, which hit Texas in late August, but later withdrew the offer after the first of the two quakes struck southern Mexico in early September. Trump was criticized in Mexico for the time he took to offer condolences to his Mexican counterpart, Enrique Pena Nieto, over the first quake, which killed at least 98 people. The U.S. president later said he had been unable to reach Pena Nieto because of poor cellphone reception. Ironically, after Maria struck Puerto Rico, the local cellphone operator of Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim proved more reliable than some U.S. competitors during the early days of the communications outage across the island of 3.4 million people. ",1
18305,"Abandoned by tourists, Bali town counts cost of Indonesia volcano","AMED, Indonesia (Reuters) - A Balinese town once bustling with holidaymakers has almost emptied of tourists after warnings that nearby Mount Agung could erupt at any time - a snapshot of the growing cost the rumbling volcano poses to Indonesia s economy. Business has slumped at many hotels, dive resorts and restaurants in towns around the volcano since authorities issue the highest alert level for Mount Agung last month.     An owner of a dive center in Amed, around 15 km (9 miles) from the volcano and just outside the official  danger zone , said many of her guests had canceled.  If (the situation) lasts for nine months or more... then we have no choice but to close down because we will have no money left to operate and pay the staff,  said Helene Rabate, a Spaniard who runs the center. Cafes and restaurants were largely empty and few visitors were seen at the usually crowded dive centers of this seaside town. The last time Agung erupted was in 1963, when more than 1,000 people were killed. Since then, tourism has transformed towns like Amed from sleepy fishing and agricultural villages.     Restaurant owner Wayan Widarti has seen a dramatic drop in customers.      It could be worse than when the Bali bombing happened because there s uncertainty on when (the eruption) is going to happen and how long we wait,  she said, referring to the 2002 nightclub bombing that killed 202 people and prompted a slump in visitors to the holiday island. Bali, famous for its surf, beaches and temples, attracted nearly 5 million visitors last year - more than half the total number of foreign tourists to Indonesia. Tourism, a cornerstone of Bali s economy, is Indonesia s fourth-biggest earner of foreign currency after natural resources like coal and palm oil. Indonesian policy makers have been seeking to boost an economy whose growth rate has been stuck at around 5 percent for the last few years, so any protracted damage to tourism will be particularly unwelcome.  Indonesian officials have said Bali remains safe for tourism, but there have been cancellations even in areas further away from the volcano amid concerns that ash clouds could disrupt air connections. Some tourists are still in the area at a safe distance from the volcano.   We plan to... just follow security instructions... and take a fast boat to escape if there is an eruption,  said Arlin Shiu, a woman from Hong Kong who was traveling with a friend. Disaster management authorities have imposed an exclusion zone of up to 12 km, prompting more than 140,000 residents to flee to neighboring villages.  For people who live in safe zones, there is no reason to evacuate,  Bali governor I Made Mangku Pastika said, adding that makeshift evacuation centers were straining under the weight of thousands of extra evacuees. (INTERACTIVE:  Mount Agung awakens - tmsnrt.rs/2ymKRSY) ",1
18306,London's Angel station reopens after suspect package scare,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police said they carried out a controlled explosion on a suspect package near London s Angel underground station on Wednesday before allowing the station to reopen. Earlier, London s transport authority said the station was closed while authorities responded to a security alert outside. Britain is on its second-highest level of security alert after several attacks in the country in recent months.   ",1
18307,London's Angel underground station closed due to security alert,"(Reuters) - London s Angel underground station is closed while authorities respond to a security alert outside the station, Transport For London said in a tweet on Wednesday. ",1
18308,UK police alerted to suspect package in London's Islington area,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police were alerted to a suspect package in London s Islington area on Wednesday, and a cordon was in place, a police spokesman said. Earlier, London s transport authority said Angel underground station was closed while authorities responded to a security alert outside the station. ",1
18309,'It's time to talk': EU again urges dialogue in Spain,"STRASBOURG (Reuters) - The EU executive called again on Wednesday for the Spanish government and Catalan authorities to open dialogue to defuse the sometimes violent confrontation over Catalonia s push for independence.  It s time to talk,  the European Commission s deputy head, Frans Timmermans, told the European Parliament during an emergency debate on the crisis in Spain. Reflecting the cautiously balanced tone of a Commission statement on Monday  after images of violent police action against an unauthorized independence referendum, Timmermans endorsed the legal position of Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy but also renewed an appeal for dialogue. And despite  saddening  images of Spanish police beating participants in what the Commission says was an illegal vote, Brussels has no plan to accede to calls from the separatist government in Barcelona for direct EU mediation - Spain s democratic systems are quite adequate for that, EU leaders say.  You can work to change the law, but you cannot ignore the law,  Timmermans said in remarks aimed at Catalan leaders, who appear set on a unilateral declaration of independence in defiance of constitutional court rulings that forbid secession.  Respect for the rule of law is not optional,  added First Vice President Timmermans, who also leads a Commission effort to prevent Poland s right-wing government from changing judiciary regulations that the EU says is a move toward authoritarianism. An EU lawmaker from Poland s ruling party accused the EU of double standards for pressuring Warsaw but not Madrid - and several other eurosceptic and nationalist members also said the EU had not criticized Spanish police action firmly enough. But Timmermans insisted it was not for Brussels to intervene:  The Commission has called on all relevant actors to now move quickly from confrontation to dialogue ...   It s time to talk. To find a way out of the impasse, working within the constitutional order of Spain.  Earlier on Wednesday, Spanish members of the EU parliament traded accusations over whether leaders in Barcelona or Madrid were responsible for the crisis. At one point, one Spanish liberal lawmaker held up a copy of the post-dictatorship constitution, brandishing it at Catalan separatists and saying Catalans voted for it in 1978. In the afternoon debate, leaders of the main parties in the Strasbourg chamber broadly echoed Timmermans  arguments. Few of Europe s leaders want to see the disruption of splitting a major member state nor to encourage separatism in other countries. The center-right leader, the Bavarian Manfred Weber, and the liberal leader, the Flemish Guy Verhofstadt, both referred to their own origins to argue that strong regional identity and autonomy did not mean breaking up existing nation states.  The irresponsible Catalan government is splitting the country,  said Weber, an ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and of Rajoy. He said the EU had neither the will nor the means to intercede.  Some lawmakers, however, said Brussels could to more to help.  Greens leader Ska Keller, whose group includes pro-independence Catalans, said the Commission could act as  honest broker  to promote compromise.  It is wrong if the Commission shies away and continues to turn a blind eye.  Verhofstadt, a Liberal former prime minister of Belgium where constitutional gymnastics and extreme devolution have prevented his fellow Flemings breaking with their French-speaking neighbors, chided Spaniards for failing to go beyond legal arguments to find genuine dialogue and compromise. He called any declaration of independence  totally irresponsible  and said:  It s not a shame to make compromises.  ",1
18310,Islamic State claims deadly attack on court in Libya's Misrata,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Gunmen killed at least four people and wounded nearly 40 on Wednesday in a suicide attack on a court complex in the Libyan city of Misrata, officials and a witness said. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack, saying in a statement run by the group s Amaq news agency it had targeted  one of the most prominent strongholds  of Libya s U.N.-backed Government of National Accord (GNA). The attack shows the enduring militant threat in Libya after a Misrata-led coalition under nominal GNA command battled for more than six months last year to oust Islamic State from its former stronghold in Sirte, about 230 km (140 miles) southeast of Misrata. Since then, militants have been trying to regroup in the desert south of Sirte. They have stepped up their presence in remote areas, though attacks in urban centers have been rare.             Wednesday s attack was launched by several assailants who drove up to the complex in central Misrata in a black vehicle, a witness said.  One of them blew himself up at the gate and the other two with Kalashnikovs opened fire at random,  he said.  Shooting could be heard all over the city center after the attack.  The witness, who asked not to be named, said he believed the attackers had used rocket propelled grenades. The military alliance from Misrata that led the campaign in Sirte said two suicide attackers were involved in the operation, and that there had been an explosion after a gun battle lasting about 20 minutes. The attackers killed four and wounded 39, Misrata hospital said in a statement, listing names of victims. Two of the attackers blew themselves up and a third was killed during the gun battle, said a local security source, speaking on condition of anonymity. Bomb disposal experts also defused a booby-trapped car that had been packed with explosives to be used in the attack, he said. Misrata, a large commercial port about 190 km east of Tripoli, is one of Libya s major military power bases but the city itself has been largely immune from armed clashes and attacks in recent years. Dozens of Islamic State suspects are being held in the city. Libya slid into turmoil after a NATO-backed uprising that toppled long-time leader Muammar Gaddafi six years ago. It remains divided between loose political and military alliances based in the east and west, resulting in a security vacuum in the center of the country. As militants increased their activity in recent weeks to the south and east of Sirte, the United States launched two sets of air strikes against jihadist desert camps. The U.S. also provided air support for the Misrata-led campaign last year. ",1
18311,First German immigration law on agenda as Merkel seeks coalition,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Some senior members of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative bloc and potential coalition partners have backed the idea of an immigration law as a possible way to help solve Germany s migrant policy jigsaw.  Merkel, who won a fourth term in a Sept. 24 election albeit with heavy losses to the anti-immigrant far right, is considering a three-way coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens - a tie-up as yet untested at the national level in Germany. Among their various differences, migration is shaping up as a major sticking point due to the insistence of the conservatives  Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU), on a refugee cap after almost one million migrants poured into the country in 2015, with tens of thousands more since. A formal cap is rejected by the other parties - as well as Merkel. President Frank-Walter Steinmeier brought the issue to the fore on Tuesday, saying in a speech that German policy must be able to differentiate between political refugees and economic migrants so as to  define legal access to Germany . Greens co-leader Cem Ozdemir, who has long argued for an immigration law, welcomed the intervention of the president, a center-left Social Democrat.  That would be a wise step,  Ozdemir told Deutschlandfunk radio on Wednesday, saying that implementing the idea would be an urgent priority for the next government. Steinmeier s foray into domestic politics was unusual for the presidency, a largely ceremonial post though with sometimes strong moral influence, but at least generated some convergence on the immigrant issue among potential coalition allies. Armin Laschet, the Christian Democratic premier of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany s most populous state, told the Handelsblatt daily that a CDU/CSU-FDP-Greens coalition  would create an immigration law that covers the scale of immigration .      In remarks to Die Zeit weekly, Bavarian Economy Minister Ilse Aigner stuck to the CSU demand for an annual cap of 200,000 immigrants, preventing any recurrence of the 2015 crisis,  so that no backdoors stay open and so there is no lack of clarity . The other parties argue that a cap would breach the constitution, which guarantees asylum to people persecuted on political grounds.  Concerns about immigration run especially high in Bavaria, the main entry point for refugees in 2015 when close to 1 million - many fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa - cascaded into the country. The idea of an immigration law is not new. Several parties have argued for it in the past and many experts argue it could help Germany s economy as targeted, legally controlled migration could plug gaps in the labor market. The devil would be in the detail but the FDP is keen on a points system and has cited the Canadian model. There are variants in other countries, such as New Zealand and Australia. It is unclear whether an immigration law will be enough for the CSU, who risk heavy losses in a state election next year.  Senior CSU figures are still digging in their heels. Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt told the Augsburger Allgemeine that an upper limit is necessary and is a lot more than a matter of semantics. ",1
18312,Eastern Europe's nationalists feel vindicated by German vote,"BUDAPEST/WARSAW (Reuters) - Wary of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s ambition for closer European Union integration, right-wing politicians in the EU s eastern wing are touting her weak election victory as a vindication of their concerns. Eurosceptic governments in Poland and Hungary have been vocal in criticizing Merkel s  open-door  approach to migration and opposing EU reforms that would transfer more power to the Brussels institutions at the expense of national governments. Poland s foreign minister said Germany s Sept. 24 election, in which Merkel s conservative bloc won the lowest number of votes since 1949, was proof that Berlin would have to heed the concerns of eastern member states.  She should focus on maintaining the unity of the European Union,  Witold Waszczykowski told Polska the Times newspaper.  Mrs Merkel will have to look for new allies   and this in turn opens room for maneuver for Polish diplomacy.   Today, there is no climate for federalization and there won t be one in the nearest future.  Merkel is expected to take months to build a new coalition government, reducing German pressure on Warsaw and Budapest to comply with EU standards. Her most likely coalition allies are the increasingly eurosceptic, pro-business Free Democrats and the Greens - but she also faces a more divided Bundestag lower house, where the  anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) is now the third biggest party. Nationalist politicians in the EU s eastern member states hope the rise of the AfD, the first far-right party to enter the Bundestag in decades, will force Merkel to harden her stance on immigration after Germany admitted more than one million migrants and refugees, mostly Muslims, in 2015-16. Hungary has already said German politicians since the election have endorsed its measures to beef up its border security to discourage migrants from entering the EU.  About some aspects of illegal migration we are still in debate, but there is full agreement on the principal issue that the protection of the external borders of Europe is very important,  Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said after meeting senior German lawmakers in the city of Stuttgart last week. The head of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, has invited the leaders of the four  Visegrad  states - Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Slovakia - to a dinner in Brussels on Oct. 18, ahead of an EU summit, to try to ease tensions between them and wealthier western Europe. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban s Fidesz party and Merkel s CDU-CSU are in the same political family in the European Parliament, and despite Berlin s criticism of his record in government, has welcomed Merkel s election victory.   Let s quietly pray every evening for the extension of the mandate of the current chancellor,  he said before the election. Orban himself faces an election next April in which he will seek a third consecutive term, and he probably does not want to tackle EU reform issues head-on now, analysts said.   Orban s objective is to keep the margin of maneuver open  as long as possible: he does not want to face yes-or-no questions like whether to take Hungary into the euro zone or stay on the periphery anytime soon,  Botond Feledy, senior fellow at the Centre for Euro-Atlantic Integration and Democracy in Budapest.  GERMAN-FRENCH AXIS But once Merkel has bedded down a new coalition in Berlin, Budapest and Warsaw can expect a resumption of pressure over their record on democracy and rule of law from a reinvigorated partnership between Germany and Emmanuel Macron s France. Analysts said Merkel and Macron, both keen to overcome EU disunity, may try to pick off more cooperative eastern states such as Slovakia and the Czech Republic in order to concentrate pressure on Poland and Hungary to comply with EU rules. Merkel may also in due course revive her demands on the eastern states to take in more migrants as she seeks to blunt the allure of the AfD at home for conservative German voters. Warsaw, currently under an unprecedented EU investigation over its rule of law standards, is bracing for renewed criticism.  We are expecting Merkel to get tough on Poland - definitely not in the next few months while the new government is being formed, but after the domestic dust has settled,  a Polish government source added. ",1
18313,EU executive steps up action against Hungary over NGO law,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission on Wednesday stepped up legal action against Hungary over restrictions on foreign funding likely to affect civil society groups funded by the billionaire investor George Soros. The EU executive believes the law, passed in June, violates the right to freedom of association and to protection of private life and personal data enshrined in the EU s Charter of Fundamental Rights, as well as breaching the principle of free movement of capital. Hungary s right-wing prime minister, Viktor Orban, has long criticized organizations funded by the Hungarian-born Soros, accusing them of working as paid activists advocating Soros s political goals, notably by opposing Orban s tough immigration policy. When Soros in June praised the  courageous way Hungarians have resisted the deception and corruption of the mafia state Orban has established , Orban called it a  declaration of war , and accused Soros of running a mafia-like network. The Commission expressed its concerns over the law on non-governmental organizations (NGOs) to Budapest in July, the latest in a long line of grievances about what Brussels and many member states see as a track record of flouting fundamental EU values.  Having carefully analyzed the explanations put forward by Hungary, the European Commission concludes that its serious concerns have not been addressed,  it said in Wednesday s statement. The Commission s next step in the  infringement procedure  is to issue a so-called reasoned opinion, giving Hungary one month to take the requested measures.  If Hungary fails to reply satisfactorily to the reasoned opinion, then the Commission may refer the case to the Court of Justice of the EU,  the statement said. The Commission has already issued a similar ultimatum to Hungary over an education law that Brussels says infringes academic freedom and could result in the closure of a Budapest university founded by Soros. Since coming to power in 2010, Orban has eliminated checks on his power by taking control of much of Hungary s media, curbing the powers of the constitutional court and placing loyalists in top positions at public institutions. While Brussels can open cases against EU states violating common rules, they are lengthy and often have little impact. That means the EU executive has little leverage over Orban, who has been in office since 2010 and faces an election next year. ",1
18314,Putin says military strike against North Korea not sure to succeed,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that a military strike against North Korea designed to destroy its nuclear and missile program might not succeed because Pyongyang could have  hidden military facilities that nobody knows about. Russia is strongly opposed to the idea of such a strike, an idea U.S. President Donald Trump has floated, favoring a mixture of diplomacy and economic incentives instead. But Putin, speaking at an energy forum in Moscow, mused on the subject on Wednesday, making it clear he had serious doubts about the military efficacy of such a move, as well as other political and moral concerns.  Can a global strike against North Korea be launched to disarm it? Yes. Will it achieve its aim? We don t know. Who knows what they have there and where. Nobody knows with 100 percent certainty as it s a closed country.  Putin said Russia had more reason than most to be concerned by Pyongyang s missile program, saying that North Korea s nuclear testing range was located just 200 kilometers (124.27 miles) from the Russian border.  The Russian leader also reiterated his call for diplomacy to be allowed to run its course and for all sides to dial down the bellicose rhetoric. He also said he thought Trump was listening to Russia s views on the crisis. More sanctions were the road to nowhere, Putin told the same forum, saying around 40,000 North Korean citizens were currently working in Russia. Such workers are known to regularly send back part of their wages to the North Korean authorities. ",1
18315,Trump and Japan's Abe agree to keep pressure on North Korea,"TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agreed in a telephone conversation on Wednesday that pressure should be maintained on North Korea, a senior Japanese government official told reporters. The two men also agreed that  dialogue for the purpose of dialogue  was meaningless,  the official said. In recent weeks North Korea has launched two missiles over Japan and conducted its sixth nuclear test, and may be fast advancing toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said last weekend that Washington was directly communicating with Pyongyang on its nuclear and missile programs but that Pyongyang had shown no interest in dialogue. Trump later dismissed any prospect of talks with North Korea as a waste of time.     During the 12-minute telephone conversation, Abe also offered condolences over the mass shooting in Las Vegas, and told Trump that Japan was  100 percent  behind the American people. Trump will be traveling to Japan, China, South Korea, Vietnam and the Philippines next month. ",1
18316,Iran sentences member of nuclear negotiating team to five years in jail: Tasnim,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iranian authorities sentenced a member of Iran s nuclear negotiating team to five years in jail, Tasnim news agency reported on Wednesday although it gave no details of the case. Iran reached a nuclear deal with the United States and five other major powers in 2015 that led to the lifting of most of the international sanctions against Iran in return for curbs on its nuclear program. The potential detente with the West has alarmed Iranian hardliners, who have seen a flood of European trade and investment delegations arrive in Tehran to discuss possible deals, according to Iran experts. Reports last year in the Iranian media said a nuclear negotiator with dual nationality had been arrested after being accused of providing sensitive economic information to Iran s enemies. In May, the judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei said a member of the negotiating team who was facing espionage charges had been sentenced to a prison term, but added that he could not provide details since the verdict could be appealed.  The case was reviewed in an appeal court and a five-year jail sentence was upheld,  Tasnim quoted an  informed source  as saying on Wednesday but did not name the person. Tasnim reported in July 2016 that a member of the negotiating team who was in charge of banking affairs during the talks had been arrested.  The agency and some other semi-official media named him as Abdolrasul Dori Esfahani with Iranian-Canadian nationality and possibly holding other passports. Security officials have arrested several businessmen, including Iranians holding joint American, European or Canadian citizenship, as part of a crackdown on  Western infiltration . Iran s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps in October 2015 detained Siamak Namazi, a businessman in his mid-40s with dual U.S.-Iranian citizenship, while he was visiting family in Tehran. The IRGC in February arrested his 80-year-old father, Baquer Namazi, a former Iranian provincial governor and former UNICEF official who also has dual citizenship. Both men were jailed in 2016 for 10 years for spying and cooperating with the U.S. government. ",1
18317,Trump to receive multiple options on Iran nuclear deal: Tillerson,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump will be presented with multiple options regarding the future of the Iran nuclear deal ahead of an Oct. 15 deadline to certify whether Tehran is complying with the pact, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday. Tillerson did not disclose details about the kinds of options he will present to Trump. He also declined to directly answer a question about whether he shared Defense Secretary Jim Mattis  assessment to Congress on Tuesday that Iran was  fundamentally  in compliance with the accord.  We ll have a recommendation for the president. We re going to give him a couple of options of how to move forward to advance the important policy toward Iran,  Tillerson told reporters at the State Department. A collapse of the 2015 deal, which Trump has called  an embarrassment,  but which is supported by the other major powers that negotiated it with Iran, could trigger a regional arms race and stoke Middle East tensions. A senior U.S. official said last month that Trump was leaning toward not certifying that Iran is complying with the pact. Trump himself has said he already had made up his mind whether to keep the pact, but has declined to disclose his decision. If Trump declines to certify Iran s compliance, U.S. congressional leaders would have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions on Tehran suspended under the accord. Unlike Mattis, who publicly suggested Trump should consider sticking with the agreement, Tillerson has been highly critical of the accord and said it must be changed. He has taken aim at the deal s so-called sunset clauses, under which some of the restrictions on Iran s nuclear program expire over time. Tillerson on Wednesday suggested that whatever path the United States chooses on the nuclear accord known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), it would only represent one component of America s broader policy toward Iran.  The JCPOA represents only a small part of the many issues that we need to deal with when it comes to the Iranian relationship,  he said.  So it is an important part of that, but is not the only part. And I ve said many times, we cannot let the Iranian relationship be defined solely by that nuclear agreement.  ",1
18318,Search ends for bodies in Mexico City after earthquake,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The search for victims of an earthquake that killed hundreds in Mexico City ended on Wednesday as rescue workers recovered the body of the last person known to be missing beneath the rubble of collapsed buildings. Deputy Interior Minister Roberto Campa said all the bodies had been recovered from the ruins of an office building in the upscale Roma district of the capital. The search at other buildings that collapsed ended several days ago.   In total 369 people died in the Sept. 19 earthquake, the most deadly in a generation, with almost two-thirds of the fatalities in the capital. Earlier that month, 98 people died when an even more powerful tremor hit the south of the country.  ",1
18319,"U.N. panel calls on North Korea to end torture, child labor","GENEVA (Reuters) - A United Nations human rights panel said on Wednesday it had credible allegations that North Korean authorities had tortured or mistreated children forced to return from abroad or held in detention. It also called on Pyongyang to halt child labor in farming, mining and construction, as well as discrimination against youth for the  crimes  of their parents. The U.N. Committee on the Rights of the Child, which reviewed Pyongyang s record last month, voiced deep concern at what it called the  ideological indoctrination  in its education system and malnutrition among North Korean children.  We do have reports which are credible that children are at least to a certain extent tortured or exposed to violent treatment by the authorities in various circumstances,  panel member Kirsten Sandberg told a news briefing.   This might be when they return to the country after having tried to stay abroad and then are being forcibly returned. It happens on the border, we ve heard reports about violent treatment,  she said. This involved mainly North Korean children returning from China, Sandberg said, adding:  We also have reports of pregnant mothers coming back or being forcibly returned who are not to allowed to keep their babies.   We also have reports of violence against children in detention,  she said. Tensions in the region and beyond, especially with the United States, have risen considerably in recent months as North Korea conducted a series of tests of its medium- and long-range ballistic missiles, some of which flew over Japan, as well as its sixth nuclear test on Sept. 3.  The U.N. panel, in a session on Sept. 21, asked the North Korean delegation how  songbun , a system ranking citizens based on family loyalty to the ruling dynasty, affected children s access to education, health and food. The North Korean delegation replied that this was an  imaginary concept  invented by hostile forces. In its findings, the U.N. panel said it had  reports of discrimination against students based on their social status and political views of their parents .  North Korea has a  serious nutrition problem , Sandberg said.  There is still an over 40 percent rate of under-nourishment. This also a serious underlying cause for child mortality, also mortality of their mothers.  And children under five years continue to suffer from high rates of stunting and wasting,  she said. Children are told to  volunteer extensive periods of their day to work on farms and mines, collect wood in the forests, repair railroads, clean statues and participate in forestation initiatives and construction projects,  the U.N. panel said, noting these were referred to as  economic assignments . The watchdog, composed of 18 independent experts, also called on North Korea to allow children freedom of expression, including access to the Internet. North Korea told the U.N. panel last month that international sanctions imposed on it over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs would endanger the survival of North Korean children. There was no immediate reaction from Pyongyang to the findings, but a North Korean diplomat in Geneva told Reuters just before they were released:  We are committed to dialogue . ",1
18320,Tension grips Nigerian city as separatist leader goes missing,"UMUAHIA, Nigeria (Reuters) - A secessionist leader seeking independence from Nigeria has been missing since an alleged military raid more than two weeks ago left his house in the city of Umuahia riddled with bullet holes, its windows smashed and doors hanging off hinges.  The disappearance of Nnamdi Kanu, after the raid the army says did not happen, threatens to ignite separatist unrest capable of destabilizing southeastern Nigeria, a region where a million people died in a 1967-70 civil war over the short-lived Republic of Biafra. Kingsley Kanu, 48, said he was with his older brother Nnamdi, the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) leader, at their family home on the evening of Sept. 14 when soldiers stormed in.  They were shooting everything they saw,  he said, pointing to bullet holes in walls and windows.  They came here just to kill everybody,  he said, adding that around 20 IPOB members were shot dead but most of the bodies were taken by soldiers.  Reuters witnesses - a reporter and TV cameraman - on Sept. 27 saw six corpses with bullet wounds in a morgue, who IPOB said were among their members.  Two resembled men in photographs held by weeping relatives who told Reuters their brothers were killed in the raid, though nobody could verify the identities of the four others.   The military did not raid Nnamdi Kanu s residence,  a military spokesman told reporters in the capital, Abuja.  Nnamdi Kanu is not in the custody of the military.  The allegation and denial are the biggest flashpoint of a military deployment in the southeast that began in September. Civil society groups and analysts say the military presence, last month s designation of IPOB as a  terrorist organization , and its leader s disappearance could prompt the separatists to abandon their policy of non-violence. President Muhammadu Buhari, a Muslim northerner, made a crackdown on secessionists the focus of his first speech in August after returning from three months of medical leave in Britain. He then held talks with armed forces chiefs who days later launched Operation Python Dance, which the military said was intended to reduce violent crime and  secessionist agitations . Soldiers with rifles are present across Umuahia, capital of Abia state, in armored vans and at checkpoints where motorists are routinely questioned.  Buhari is already contending with Boko Haram s jihadist insurgency in the northeast and seeking to maintain a ceasefire with militants in the southern oil-producing Niger Delta. But some say the former military ruler risks exacerbating the situation, just as militant attacks in the Niger Delta surged last year after troops were deployed.  HEAVY-HANDED?   The government s heavy-handed approach will only shore up local support for a radical group that previously struggled to broaden its base,  said Malte Liewerscheidt of global risk consultancy Verisk Maplecroft. Ryan Cummings, director of Africa-focused risk management company Signal Risk, said the Igbo ethnic group that dominates the region, and has long spoken of being marginalized, felt targeted.  The government has allowed insecurity to burgeon in other areas of Nigeria without similar deployments,  he said, citing attacks by Fulani herdsmen that have killed hundreds of people in central Nigeria over the last few years. Tension followed the arrival of troops in the southeast. Abia s governor imposed a curfew in the city of Aba last month. Several days of tension between IPOB members and troops  led to claims by the group that Kanu s house had been besieged by soldiers, which the military denied. Videos circulating on social media including footage purportedly showing troops in Abia using sticks to flog men stripped to the waist, which the army said it was investigating, have heightened anger.  The presence of the army scared our people. People spoke about what happened during the Biafran war,  said Onyebuchi Ememanka, a special adviser to the state s governor who is a member of the opposition People s Democratic Party (PDP).   There were no serious security challenges that would justify the deployment of troops,  said Ememanka.  He said he never saw IPOB s members carrying weapons, though he added that a uniformed national guard and secret service had held parades in the last few weeks, which he called a  new dimension .  Red, black and green paint - the Biafran flag s colors - daubed on walls and tree trunks across Umuahia follow calls for a referendum on independence. Kanu s release on bail in April, after being held for nearly two years on charges of criminal conspiracy and treasonable offences, brought attention back to the issue.  However, talk of secession among people on the streets of Umuahia mostly hinged on whether or not they had the right to make a democratic choice about their future rather than aligning with IPOB s belief in a need for a separate state.  Opinions tend to be divided along generation lines, with younger people born long after the war expressing an interest in a referendum while older people who remember the war or grew up hearing stories about the conflict are often wary of even discussing the subject.  However, a pronouncement earlier this year by activists in the northern state of Kaduna that Igbos, who are mainly Christian, should be evicted stirred ethnic tensions. The dispute acted as a lightning rod for frustrations against Buhari, who fought in the civil war on the government side as a young soldier. A lack of development in the southeast for decades has cemented a belief among Igbos that they have been marginalized.  Michael Ogbizi, Abia state police commissioner, said 74 IPOB members had been arrested since Sept. 12 and charged with offences including murder and arson. Many charges related to the burning down of a police station in mid-September in Aba where nine people died. Ogbizi said police had no records of IPOB members being killed.  An IPOB spokesman denied the group was involved in the fire. Amid differing opinions about the group s past conduct, Kanu s disappearance has created uncertainty about its future.  If they [the army] have killed him, let them give us the corpse,  said the IPOB leader s brother, adding that his missing 82-year-old father and 67-year-old mother should be released if they are being held. Liewerscheidt said if Kanu were to die at the hands of the authorities parallels could be drawn with the origins of the Boko Haram insurgency that began after the death of Mohammed Yusuf, the Islamist militant group s founder, in police custody.   This would likely transform IPOB into precisely the terrorist organization the military claims it already is,  he said. ",1
18321,Nigeria anti-graft agency rejects ex-first lady's 'witch-hunt' accusation,"ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria s financial crimes agency on Wednesday brushed off allegations by the wife of the country s former president that it had conducted a  witch-hunt  against her. Patience Jonathan, whose husband Goodluck Jonathan was the president of Africa s most populous country from 2010 to 2015, accused the head of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) of an  orchestrated plan  to tarnish her reputation and that of her husband. President Muhammadu Buhari took office in 2015 after defeating Goodluck Jonathan in elections during which he vowed to crack down on corruption. Buhari said state coffers were virtually empty when he assumed the presidency.  Last year, the EFCC froze four U.S. dollar bank accounts that the ex-president s wife said she owned. Her spokesman said in September 2016 that the accounts in total contained around $10 million - a third of the sum reported in the Nigerian press.  A legal case is continuing in the commercial capital Lagos over the funds but she does not face criminal charges.   The case is before the court where she (Patience Jonathan) has the liberty to state any claim,  an EFCC spokesman said. In a statement signed by her media aide and dated Oct. 2, Jonathan s wife accused the EFCC s acting chairman of an  unjustified witch-hunt and media propaganda  against her and her family.  It is either the EFCC is now led by people who cannot conduct proper investigations, or they are deliberately feeding the public with false information,  said the statement.  We believe that she is being systematically persecuted and punished because of her unflinching support for her husband during the 2015 elections.  A number of former government officials have faced criminal charges, which they have denied, since Buhari came to power. However, there have been no convictions.  The opposition People s Democratic Party (PDP), which was in power for 16 years prior to Buhari taking office, has accused the president of focusing on its members. ",1
18322,Italian government gets economy bill through Senate despite friction,"ROME (Reuters) - The Italian parliament approved the government s latest economic forecasts on Wednesday, but the Senate vote exposed deep divisions on the political left that could complicate the drafting of the 2018 budget. Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni s coalition won two votes in the upper house on the Treasury s Economic and Financial Document (DEF), even though parliamentarians with the leftist Mdp party walked out of one of the ballots. The Mdp was formed earlier this year following a schism in the Democratic Party (PD), with a small group of left-wingers accusing PD leader Matteo Renzi of shifting the ruling party too far to the right and shunning its Socialist roots. National elections are due in early 2018, and political jockeying is on the increase as Italy s myriad parties seek to establish clearly defined identities ahead of the vote. The Mdp, backed by former prime minister Massimo D Alema, is particularly anxious to put clear water between itself and Renzi s PD, seizing on the DEF to push its demands for more money to be spent on health care and job creation.  We have sent a political signal,  said Mdp senator Federico Fornaro. Gentiloni, who does not have a clearly defined majority in the upper house, was saved any embarrassment thanks to the backing of 12 Senators from the center-right ALA group, which is headed by Denis Verdini, previously close to former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi. Centre-left politicians said the Mdp was trying to smear Renzi by portraying him as a rightwinger.  The question of relations between the Mdp and the government is tied to its competition with the PD ahead of the elections,  said senior centrist politician Mario Catania.  The point is that the Mdp is following D Alema s line and pushing for the downfall of Renzi.  The government has to present its budget by Oct. 20, giving parliament until the end of the year to approve the package in what could be the last major act of the legislature. Gentiloni hopes to get the backing of the Mdp to guarantee smooth passage through both houses. The DEF hiked the 2018 growth forecast to 1.5 percent from a previous target of 1.0 percent, giving the Treasury room to present a more expansive budget than originally expected.  The health system is an area where we will weigh up measures to improve it and make it more efficient,  Economy Minister Pier Carlo Padoan told the Senate on Wednesday in an apparent nod to Mdp demands. ",1
18323,Turkish judge finds 42 soldiers guilty of trying to kill Erdogan,"MUGLA, Turkey (Reuters) - A Turkish court on Wednesday found 42 former soldiers guilty of trying to kill President Tayyip Erdogan during last year s failed coup, and handed most of them life sentences in the highest profile case related to the attempted putsch so far. Judge Emirsah Bastog read out guilty verdicts for 42 of the 47 defendants, according to a Reuters reporter at the court in Mugla, southwestern Turkey. Mugla is near the luxury resort where Erdogan and his family narrowly escaped a team of rogue soldiers who stormed his hotel during the night of the coup.   The trial, which started in February and included Erdogan as a co-plaintiff, is part of a sweeping security crackdown that followed the failed putsch of July 2016. It is the biggest such case to reach a conclusion so far.  I hope the verdict today is beneficial to everyone,  Bastog said as he sentenced 34 of the accused to  aggravated  life sentences, the harshest punishment possible under Turkish law because it lengthens the minimum sentence required for parole. Another six defendants were given life terms while two others were given lesser sentences.   (Several) defendants have been found guilty on the charge of attempting to assassinate the president,  Bastog told the packed courtroom. One was acquitted and another was transferred to another court. No verdict was given for three who were tried in absentia, including U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Ankara blames for orchestrating the coup. Demonstrators threw eggs and plastic bottles at the defendants as police escorted them from the courthouse. Others waved Turkish flags, blared a famous song praising Erdogan and called for a return to capital punishment. The court heard final statements from the defendants just before Bastog delivered his verdict. Some of the accused said they did not believe the court could deliver a fair verdict and had been under political pressure.  From the moment I was arrested at the air base on July 16, I was treated like a criminal,  Ergun Sahin, a former air force lieutenant, told the court. Pictures released in the aftermath of the coup showed some suspected coup plotters - including high-ranking military officers - stripped to their underpants, handcuffed and their faces bruised.  Words don t mean anything here as we didn t have a chance of a fair trial,  said another defendant, Gokhan Sen.  We are just the grass that elephants trampled on during their fight.  More than 240 people were killed on the night of July 15, 2016 when putschists commandeered tanks, warplanes and helicopters, attacking parliament and attempting to overthrow the government. Erdogan s lawyer, who was present at the case, said that justice had been served.  Had these putschists succeeded that night in the attack against our president, history would have changed, we would be living in a different Turkey now,  Huseyin Aydin told Reuters.  My son has been avenged,  said Nihat Eker, the father of a police officer who was killed during the coup.  If our president were to present us with a choice, we d all agree to it. We say,  execution, execution, execution .  Erdogan has previously said he would be willing to restore the death penalty if parliament passed such a measure. Turkey abandoned capital punishment more than a decade ago as part of its bid to join the European Union. Restoring it would all but end its attempt to join the EU. While Turkey has seen a groundswell in nationalism since the coup, the extent of the government s crackdown has alarmed European allies and rights groups. More than 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from their jobs and some 50,000 jailed. Investors also worry about Erdogan s tightening grip on power and an erosion in the rule of law. The government blames the network of Gulen, a former ally of Erdogan, for orchestrating the failed coup. Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999, has denied involvement and condemned the coup. A total of 47 defendants were on trial, 43 of whom have been held in detention during the 7-1/2 month hearing. Gulen was being tried in absentia. Most of the defendants were soldiers. ",1
18324,Putin says Trump is listening to Russia's views on North Korea crisis,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that U.S. President Donald Trump was listening to Russia s views on the North Korean missile crisis which emphasize diplomacy over further sanctions or military action. Putin, speaking at an energy forum in Moscow, called for all sides to dial down the rhetoric on North Korea.  ",1
18325,Russia's Putin says hasn't decided if he will run in 2018 election,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday he had not yet decided whether he would run for re-election in March 2018, something he is widely expected to do.   Not only have I not decided yet who I will stand against, I have not decided whether I will run at all,  Putin said, when asked who he would run against at the election. Speaking at an energy forum in Moscow, Putin said presidential hopefuls would have to announce their decision to run in late November or early December. If Putin decides to run, he is widely expected to win a landslide victory in the first round of the vote, because he will face no strong challenge. A Russian court sentenced opposition leader Alexei Navalny to his third jail term this year on Monday, disrupting plans by the long-time outspoken Kremlin critic to campaign before Russia s coming election. His current 20-day term in jail means he will miss a campaign rally planned in Putin s hometown of St Petersburg on Oct. 7 - the Russian leader s birthday. In any case, opinion polls show that Navalny would lose badly to Putin if he ran. The Kremlin on Tuesday warned supporters of Navalny not to hold unsanctioned rallies, saying the organizers of such events would be prosecuted. ",1
18326,Jailed Kremlin critic calls on Russians to protest on Putin's birthday,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny called on his supporters on Wednesday to hold street protests this weekend across Russia, in defiance of an official ban, to demand that Navalny be allowed to run in next year s presidential election. Navalny, a vocal critic of President Vladimir Putin, was jailed for 20 days on Monday for repeatedly violating laws governing the organization of public meetings and rallies. His arrest, the third this year, means that he will miss a campaign rally planned in Putin s hometown of St Petersburg on Oct. 7 - the Russian leader s birthday. Appealing to his supporters via his Facebook page, Navalny called on them to attend protests in both St Petersburg and Moscow on Saturday, adding that 80 of his support groups were meanwhile organizing protests across Russia.  Our task is to make Oct. 7 the day when every decent person will pronounce aloud or to himself at least these two demands: political competition and Navalny s admission to the polls,  he said in the appeal, which he said he had dictated from jail. The authorities have banned the planned weekend rallies in Moscow and St Petersburg, and the Kremlin warned on Tuesday that those calling for the protests would be prosecuted. Putin said earlier on Wednesday that he had not yet decided whether he would run for re-election in March 2018, something he is widely expected to do. Opinion polls show that if both Putin and Navalny were running, the incumbent would win by a wide margin. ",1
18327,"Prankster, coughing fits mar Theresa Mays speech to activists","MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May s bid to reassert her dwindling authority was marred on Wednesday by a calamitous keynote speech interrupted by repeated coughing fits, a prankster and even letters of her slogan falling off the stage. May had wanted to use the Conservative Party s annual conference to bring her divided party together and pitch herself as the only person able to deliver Brexit and keep opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn out of power. She started by apologizing for her botched bet on a snap June election which stripped her party of its majority in parliament, then pitched a revitalized  British Dream  for which she proposed fixing broken markets and uniting the country. But her flow was interrupted by British comedian Simon Brodkin, who handed her a P45 letter, a document given to employees when they leave their job. The document had been  signed  by the comedian using the name of her ambitious Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson.  Then May began a coughing fit and was repeatedly forced to take drinks of water, even coughing into her glass, and was proffered a lozenge from her finance minister, Philip Hammond. While she was speaking, several letters fell off the slogans behind her on the stage. Some Twitter users seized on images of the missing letters to poke fun at the Conservatives: one said their glue was even failing to hold the party together. The 61-year-old May won standing ovations for pressing on with the hour-long address, in which she took a more personal tone - saying she did not mind being called the  Ice Maiden  and describing her  great sadness  at not having children. Her speech sought to offer party activists a renewal of Conservative values while making new promises to a younger generation and those  just about managing .  This is a Conservatism I believe in, a Conservatism of fairness and justice and opportunity for all, a Conservatism that keeps the British dream alive for a new generation,  she told the cheering crowd.  That s what I m in this for,  she said, in a phrase she repeated at least eight times.  That s what we must all be in this for.  May, who was warmly embraced by her husband on stage after she had finished speaking, later poked fun at her coughing fit by tweeting an image of cough lozenges and medicine laid beside a paper copy of the address and her prime ministerial briefcase.   Brexit minister David Davis told Reuters it had been  a very good speech, it hit all the issues people care about . Other cabinet ministers also applauded May. Many in the audience said her coughing fit and the sudden appearance by the comedian had helped to win them over.  Actually, if all that stuff hadn t happened, it would have just been another kind of wooden presentation,  said Pippa Smith, a 26-year-old party member from London.  It was a good speech, but I think actually it did her a favor.  Opponents were less kind. Nigel Farage, the former leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party, said May was so useless that if she remained as leader then Labour s Corbyn would soon be in power. Labour lawmaker Seema Malhotra said:  It just couldn t get worse than this. What a disaster. It s a shambles, not a government.  But there are few obvious successors yet visible besides Johnson, who is unpopular with some Conservative lawmakers. Some activists fear that a divisive leadership contest would pave the way for an election that Corbyn s Labour could win. The conference in the northern English city of Manchester was a somber affair, light on policy and heavy on self-doubt. Despite coming second in the June election, the opposition Labour Party s annual meeting a week earlier was celebratory. After Labour s assault on some elements of capitalism, the backbone of Conservative policy, May sought to make the case for free markets and fiscal prudence.  The free market - and the values of freedom, equality, rights, responsibilities, and the rule of law that lie at its heart - remains the greatest agent of collective human progress ever created,  she told members.  Because there has rarely been a time when the choice of futures for Britain is so stark. The difference between the parties is so clear.  She tried to compete with Labour on its pledges to voters, offering 2 billion pounds to build cheaper houses, proposing a cap on what she called  rip-off  energy prices and to ease the burden of student debt.  Labour leader Corbyn said May had simply taken a few Labour policies and watered them down. Business leaders reacted warily to May s plan for more government intervention in power and housing markets, and said big unanswered questions about Brexit would drag on the economy. But most party members said that, rather than policy, they wanted to see a return of May s confidence, crushed in the June election, when she earned the nickname  Maybot  for repeating catchphrases.  We did not get the victory we wanted because our national campaign fell short,  she told members.  I hold my hands up for that. I take responsibility. I led the campaign. And I am sorry.  But she also told her party to unite, as divisions over Brexit have come to the fore with a challenge by her foreign minister, Boris Johnson. The run-up to May s speech was again overshadowed by Johnson, who once more dominated the airwaves after stunning some party members at the conference by saying Libya could become a new Dubai if it could  clear the dead bodies away .  Let us shape up and give the country the government it needs,  May said.  For, beyond this hall, beyond the gossip pages of the newspapers, and beyond the streets, corridors and meeting rooms of Westminster, life continues   the daily lives of ordinary working people go on. And they must be our focus today.  ",1
18328,Mohammed Dahlan speaks about Palestinian unity and his back-room role,"GAZA (Reuters) - Mohammad Dahlan, who played a key backroom role in a major new effort for Palestinian unity, has said a two-state peace agreement with Israel was impossible and healing wounds from a civil war that split Palestine was now a priority. Once of the fiercest foes of Hamas, the Islamist group that seized the Gaza Strip in a civil war in 2007, Dahlan, a member of the rival mainstream Fatah party, spoke to Reuters after a unity cabinet held its first meeting in the enclave in three years.  The internal Palestinian situation is more sacred, is more important and is more useful now than the so-called negotiation,  the veteran politician said of talks with Israel that collapsed in 2014 over issues such as Israeli settlement-building in occupied territory and Fatah-Hamas reconciliation. A former peace negotiator with Israel who speaks Hebrew and who was born in a refugee camp, Dahlan, 56, noted Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, areas captured in a 1967 war and which Palestinians seek along with Gaza for a future state.  There is a complete Judaisation of the West Bank, not only of Jerusalem. It has become impossible for the two-state solution to be implemented, therefore, there is no political horizon,  he said in the rare interview. Israel has built about 120 settlements in the West Bank. About 350,000 settlers live there and a further 200,000 in East Jerusalem, among about 2.6 million Palestinians. Fatah, led by the secular heirs of Yasser Arafat, runs the West Bank, heads the internationally recognized Palestinian Authority and has been responsible for negotiations with Israel. Its rival Hamas, an offshoot of the Muslim Brotherhood, drove Fatah forces loyal to President Mahmoud Abbas from Gaza and has run the tiny coastal strip that is home to two million people. Relations eased on Monday, when Hamas handed over control of Gaza to a unity government. Although it agreed to the deal  three years ago, the decision to implement it marks a striking reversal for Hamas, considered a terrorist group by Israel, the United States and most powerful Arab countries. Officials on both sides of the Palestinian divide and in other Arab countries say Dahlan, based since 2011 in the United Arab Emirates, was behind an influx of cash to prop up Gaza, and a detente between Hamas and Arab states including Egypt that led the group to dismantle its shadow government last month.  It was an honor for us ... that we succeeded to have those understandings between Hamas and Egypt,  Dahlan said by telephone from Abu Dhabi. The former Gaza security chief said he had kept silent during mediation efforts but decided to speak out now that they have borne fruit. Dahlan said Egypt, which has accused Hamas of aiding an Islamist insurgency in the Sinai peninsula across the border from Gaza, held meetings with senior officials of the group, which denies aiding the militants. Both sides agreed to shore up security along the border and prevent militants from crossing.  Without reconciling with Hamas and without Hamas understanding the needs of the Egyptian national security there can be no serious (Palestinian) reconciliation, and no one but Egypt is capable of playing an effective role,  Dahlan said. Cairo will host Hamas and Fatah officials next Tuesday for further talks on power-sharing and the holding of Palestinian elections long-delayed by the internal rift. A first sign of discontent surfaced with Hamas criticizing Abbas s decision to await the outcome of the talks before lifting sanctions he has imposed on Gaza. In the interview, Dahlan called on Hamas  to show more patience because all the good things are on the way  thanks to Egyptian mediation. He dismissed any notion that Egypt, with the UAE and Saudi Arabia, was pursuing Palestinian reconciliation as part of any wider U.S.-initiated push for a regional peace deal with Israel.  The chances of the so-called deal of the century is zero because (Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin) Netanyahu does not want peace and he imposed a reality of 700,000 settlers in the West Bank and in Jerusalem that made it impossible for the two-state solution to be implemented,  Dahlan said. Netanyahu on Tuesday warned Palestinians against engaging in  bogus reconciliations  under which Hamas kept its military arm in Gaza which bristles with hundreds of its rockets. Turning to Palestinian politics, Dahlan, who recently formed the  Fatah Reformist and Democratic Party  to challenge Abbas - now in the 12th year of a four-year term - accused him of committing  crimes and mistakes  but said he was ready to reconcile with the 82-year-old leader to reunite the Fatah movement.  The ball is in his court and we are ready whenever he is,  said Dahlan, in exile since 2011 after quarrelling with Abbas. Ambitious and charismatic, he has long been suspected of harboring designs to succeed Abbas. Dahlan said his strong ties with the UAE helped him to raise hundreds of millions of dollars in aid for Palestinians in Gaza, the West Bank and East Jerusalem in the past 10 years. A recent poll by the West Bank-based Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey showed that those who still support Fatah in Gaza are shifting loyalty to Dahlan. His popularity among Gazans has risen over the past nine months from nine to 23 percent. Dahlan said he was not  obsessed  by opinion polls and a decision on whether he would run for a president would await until an election date is set.     ",1
18329,EU's Juncker courts eurosceptic easterners with dinner invite,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Commission head Jean-Claude Juncker has invited the leaders of four eastern European countries to a dinner, according to a letter seen by Reuters, in an effort to ease tensions between them and wealthier western member states. In his letter, dated Oct. 2 and addressed to the leaders of Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Slovakia, Juncker stressed the  paramount importance  of EU unity, strained by disputes over immigration and other issues as well as by Brexit. While Prague and Bratislava have sometimes struck a more moderate tone, Warsaw and Budapest have constantly been at loggerheads with the bloc s executive Commission in Brussels, as well as with EU heavyweights Germany and France, over what the bloc increasingly sees as their flouting of democratic rules. Juncker proposed a dinner with the leaders of the four  Visegrad group  nations in Brussels on Oct. 18, ahead of an EU summit on Oct. 19-20, citing the need to build  a more united, stronger and more democratic Europe  despite Britain s exit.  I believe that preserving the unity of the (remaining) 27 in this process is of paramount importance,  he said. The eastern states, especially Poland and Hungary, have resisted an EU program for all member states to accept refugees after a mass influx of people in 2015-16, mostly Muslims from the Middle East and Africa. Other points of contention include a reform of EU s labor rules, which France and some other western states say give unfair competitive advantage to cheap workers from the east. Some western countries, notably Italy - on the frontline of taking in refugees and migrants from across the Mediterranean - have suggested cutting the generous aid provided to the easterners through the EU budget if they fail to show European  solidarity  over migration. Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico s recent reassurances that his country, a member of the single-currency euro zone, sees itself firmly at the heart of the EU seem to have gone down well in Brussels. The Commission has responded by saying it would work with Slovakia and other eastern member states in tackling what they see as the malpractice of second-class food products being sold by big Western multinationals on their home markets. Soothing relations with Poland and Hungary, however, will prove more challenging.  Poland, led by the eurosceptic Law and Justice party (PiS), is under an unprecedented EU investigation over the rule of law following a series of reforms that critics say threaten the independence of the Polish judiciary. The EU also faces a tough challenge agreeing its next multi-year budget that runs from 2021, with generous handouts to the eastern nations under particular threat as Britain, a leading net donor,  prepares to leave the bloc in 2019.      After pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron won the French presidency this year, Brussels hopes a reinvigorated Paris-Berlin alliance can help usher in reforms needed for the bloc to thrive despite Brexit.  The Franco-German axis is promising to be the strongest in years. They (the easterners) either play along that   or they lose,  a senior EU diplomat said. ",1
18330,Venezuela's Maduro thanks Putin for support in difficult times,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro on Wednesday thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for his political and diplomatic support in difficult times.  I thank you for all the support, political and diplomatic, in difficult times which we are living through,  Maduro told Putin at talks in the Kremlin.  I m very thankful for the agreement on grain, it has helped keep consumption in Venezuela stable,  Maduro said. ",1
18331,Putin tells Maduro: we'll keep cooperating with you on economy,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin told Venezuelan leader Nicolas Maduro, who is visiting Moscow, that Russia would continue its economic cooperation with Venezuela, including on major projects.  We see that Venezuela is going through difficult times,  Putin told Maduro.  We have the impression that you have, nevertheless, been able to establish some contact with those political forces that oppose you.   For our part, work continues, including in the economic sphere.  ",1
18332,"Russia raps Canada's Magnitsky bill, ready to retaliate","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia said it will retaliate tit-for-tat over a new Canadian law that will impose sanctions on officials from Russia and other nations considered guilty of human rights violations. The bill, expected to be approved by Canada s parliament later on Wednesday, was inspired by the case of Sergei Magnitsky, an anti-corruption lawyer who died in 2009 after a year in a Russian jail. Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova was quoted by the Interfax news agency as saying on Wednesday that  any anti-Russian actions by the Canadian authorities will not be left without an adequate response.  Canada already has cool ties with Russia. It has repeatedly condemned Moscow over Russia s 2014 annexation of Crimea and has imposed sanctions against Russia along with other Western nations.  We warn again that in case the pressure of the sanctions put on us increases ... we will widen likewise the list of Canadian officials banned from entering Russia,  Zakharova said, according to Interfax.  To a large extent, it (the bill) simply copies the odious American  Magnitsky Act  and is set to further undermine Russian-Canadian relations.  The United States adopted a law in 2012 freezing any U.S. assets of Russian investigators and prosecutors said to have been involved in the detention of Magnitsky. In retaliation, Moscow barred Americans from adopting Russian children. The Canadian parliament s lower house approved adoption of the  Law on Victims of Corrupt Foreign Governments  on Monday and submitted the bill to the Senate for approval. The law, which was proposed by an opposition legislator and is backed by the government, will come into force once it is signed by Canada s governor-general. The Russian embassy in Canada, in a statement posted on its Twitter page, blamed the Magnitsky bill on  failed policies, pressed by Russophobic elements . ",1
18333,"Ireland moots possible special post-Brexit arrangements for itself, Northern Ireland","DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland is not ruling out seeking special post-Brexit arrangements for itself and Northern Ireland as a fallback option in the negotiations on Britain s departure from the EU, Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Wednesday. Ireland has proposed that Britain and the EU reach a bespoke customs union partnership to eliminate the risk of a hard border returning between it and Northern Ireland, which will be the UK s only land frontier with the EU after its departure. Varadkar said this remained EU-member Ireland s position in the negotiations being led by Brussels but that it  of course has fallback positions if things don t work out.   We re determined to secure a customs union partnership and a free trade agreement or area between Britain and Ireland when it comes to the post-Brexit scenario,  Varadkar told parliament.  We certainly don t rule out seeking special arrangements for Ireland and Northern Ireland but that s not our negotiating position or preference by any means.  The Irish border is one of three formidable issues Brussels wants broadly solved in the first stage of negotiations with Britain before talks on a future trading relationship can start. It is particularly sensitive given the decades of violence in Northern Ireland, a British province, over whether it should be part of the United Kingdom or Ireland. Around 3,600 people were killed before a 1998 peace agreement. Fifty-six percent of Northern Irish voters voted  Remain  in the Brexit referendum last year, split roughly between pro-EU Irish nationalists and more eurosceptic pro-British unionists. But both sides fear a re-hardening of the border, with its likely hammer effect on the economy, could reignite violence. Britain has said there should be no immigration checks or border posts along the 500-km (300-mile) frontier post-Brexit. But Brussels and Dublin say London has failed to explain how it would square this objective with its stated intention to leave the EU s customs union. With close trading links to Britain, Ireland s economy is also widely considered the most exposed in the EU to any future trade barriers, and Varadkar said Dublin did not  want to sacrifice or give up  its free trade with Britain at this stage. An analysis by Ireland s finance ministry showed last month that 11 of the 15 EU goods most exposed to Britain are Irish exports, highlighting the extreme vulnerability to Brexit of some Irish firms. However a special arrangement that kept Northern Ireland in the customs union would raise the prospect of checks being required on goods moving between it and Britain, a proposal firmly opposed by pro-Brexit unionists in the province. The leader of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), which props up the Conservative government in the British parliament, reiterated on Tuesday that there could not be any barriers between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. ",1
18334,"UK employers, already on edge over Labour, worry about May's 'tinkering'","LONDON (Reuters) - British business leaders reacted warily to Prime Minister Theresa May s plan for more government intervention in power and housing markets, and said big unanswered questions about Brexit would drag on the economy. In an attempt to counter Britain s left-wing Labour Party, May s speech to her Conservative Party on Wednesday balanced emphasizing the importance of free markets with a pledge to cap what she called  rip-off  energy prices. The revival of the cap - which May appeared to have dropped after losing her parliamentary majority in a June election - was an unwelcome surprise for representatives of British employers, who are already disappointed by the government s lack of progress in Brexit talks.  Today s announcement is an example of state intervention that misses the mark,  Carolyn Fairbairn, CBI Director-General, said.  Market-wide price caps are not the best answer.  Shares in power providers such as Centrica and SSE fell sharply as May spoke.  The Institute of Directors, another employer group, said businesses were worried by the signs of more state involvement in the economy from the Conservatives, a week after resurgent Labour proposed bringing billions of pounds worth of private contracts under state control and higher taxes for companies. In her speech on Wednesday, May said her government would spend an extra 2 billion pounds ($2.65 billion) to build cheaper houses for social housing.  I think it s fair to say that this year s party conference season has been one big let-down for businesses across the UK,  Stephen Martin, the IoD s director general, said.  On the one hand you have a Labour Party which has decided that business is the bad guy, on the other you have a Conservative Party which talks about the importance of markets, but then tinkers around with Help-to-Buy (a housing program) and energy price caps. What are business leaders meant to make of it all?  Beyond the proposals for specific sectors, employers said they remained concerned that May was not moving fast enough to clear up the uncertainty about Britain s relationship with its main trading partners in the European Union after Brexit.  It is vital for business that a comprehensive transition agreement is agreed before the end of the year,  Terry Scuoler, the head of engineering industry body EEF, said.   She must redouble her energies ... if she is to avoid significant boardroom decisions going against UK plc,  he said. ",1
18335,"Strong chances of Brexit no deal, but UK government may collapse: Scottish minister","EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Scotland s Brexit minister believes there is a  pretty strong  chance Britain will leave the European Union with no deal, but that the UK government could collapse before then. Michael Russell said the devolved pro-independence Scottish administration is trying to prepare for Brexit, despite Scots having voted against it, but possible outcomes are  legion .  I think the chances (Brexit) happens without an agreement are still pretty strong, that there will a crashing out,  Russell, who is heading Scottish Brexit talks with the UK government, told Reuters.  It is also distinctly possible (...) that the government will fall and there will be another election or another government will come in,  he added. British Prime Minister Theresa May is running a minority Conservative government, kept in power by a Northern Irish Protestant party. Russel said it was unclear what any new government might do.  Will it start negotiations afresh, what will be its mandate, what will it be negotiating for?  Russell said, describing his frustration with the process and its uncertainty. Britain s vote to leave the EU has divided the main parties over what new relationship it wants with the trading bloc after 40 years of shared ties. It has also strained the ties of the UK s four nations, because Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to keep EU membership while Wales and most-populous England voted to leave. On key issues, such as the set-up of powers devolved beyond London s parliament after Brexit and the need for fluid EU immigration, Edinburgh s Scottish nationalist administration is at loggerheads with the Conservative UK government in London. Earlier on Wednesday, Britain s First Secretary of State Damian Green said Britain believes no deal is very unlikely but was readying contingency plans just in case. As recently as Tuesday, the UK s Brexit Minister David Davis said Britain was ready to walk away with no deal.   If we leave without a deal, we have to look at whether there will be democratic legitimacy in that, how would that be confirmed. Would (Britain s parliament) accept that we leave without a deal? I think that s unlikely in its present composition,  said Russell, whose formal title is Minister for UK Negotiations on Scotland s Place in Europe. Russell described Brexit as the  existential threat to Scotland s future  and said his government was preparing, to the extent that it could, for all options regarding Brexit. For that reason, he argued, Scotland should be offered a new choice which might include independence from the UK   rejected by Scottish voters in 2014 by a 10 percentage point margin   once it is clear what Brexit means.  At some stage the people of Scotland will have to be asked whether they want to stay with something which is completely disastrous and will not produce a good result, of that I have no doubt, or whether we do something else,  he said. In a June general election Russell s Scottish National Party suffered heavy losses - albeit from a very high level - and was forced to withdraw its offer of a new independence referendum as a result. ",1
18336,Russia says IS attacks in Syria come from location near U.S. forces,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A spokesman for Russia s Defence Ministry said on Wednesday that a series of attacks launched by Islamic State in Syria on government forces had come from an area near the border with Jordan where a U.S. military mission was located. The spokesman, Major-General Igor Konashenkov, said in a statement the attackers had the precise coordinates of the Syrian government forces, which could only have been obtained through aerial reconnaissance.  If the United States views such operations as unforeseen  coincidences,  then the Russian air force in Syria is prepared to begin the complete destruction of all such  coincidences  in the zones under their control,  he said.   The main obstacle to completing the defeat of Islamic State in Syria is not the military capability of the terrorists but the support for them, and flirtation with them, by the United States,  Konashenkov said. ",1
18337,City of Oxford strips Aung San Suu Kyi of human rights award,"LONDON (Reuters) - Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been stripped of a human rights award by the City of Oxford, where she was an undergraduate, as British institutions increasingly distance themselves from the beleaguered former rights icon. Oxford City Council voted unanimously this week to recommend Suu Kyi s Freedom of the City award be withdrawn, citing deep concerns over the treatment of Rohingya Muslims under her watch. The city s reputation is  tarnished by honoring those who turn a blind eye to violence,  local councilor and Labour party member Mary Clarkson said in a speech proposing the motion. Over 500,000 members of Myanmar s Rohingya minority have fled across the border to Bangladesh since late August, when militant Rohingya attacks led to a violent crackdown by the army. Myanmar s de facto leader Suu Kyi, previously renowned for her human rights activism, has been widely criticized for her silence on the subject.   While the UN calls the situation a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing , Aung San Suu Kyi denies any ethnic cleansing and dismisses numerous claims of sexual violence against Rohingya women as  fake rape,  Clarkson said.  In a speech in late September, her first public statement on the subject since the exodus of refugees began, Suu Kyi said her government condemned all human rights violations and promised to punish perpetrators.  But she did not address accusations of ethnic cleansing and did not criticize the army s actions. Her speech was described as  little more than a mix of untruths and victim-blaming  by Amnesty International director for the region, James Gomez. A similar Freedom of the City award is being considered for withdrawal by Sheffield city council in the north of England, after residents submitted a petition last month.  The award will likely be reviewed by councillors this month, the council s democratic services team, which handles petitions, told Reuters.  Oxford University college St Hugh s, Suu Kyi s alma mater, removed her portrait last week from public display while Unison, Britain s second-largest trade union, announced last month it would suspend her honorary membership. ",1
18338,Top ANC official says party must act against corrupt members,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - A senior official in South Africa s ruling ANC said on Wednesday the party must act against those involved in corruption, and that the issue was damaging its image. Zweli Mkhize, seen as a potential candidate to replace President Jacob Zuma as African National Congress head at a party conference in December, made the remarks at a mining conference in Johannesburg. Mining executives, bankers and investors have all expressed growing concern about governance in Africa s most industrialized economy.     Zuma, who must step down after a general election in 2019, is the focus of numerous corruption allegations, making the issue a touchstone for those keen to rid the ANC of his influence. Many of the allegations are linked to a slew of leaked emails, which Reuters has not independently verified, that point to the Gupta family, business friends of Zuma s, using their influence to secure lucrative state contracts for their companies.  Zuma and the Guptas have consistently denied allegations of wrongdoing.  As a party, we should act on those who are involved ... Those emails have come with a lot of revelations,  Mkhize, a straight-talking medical doctor, told the conference. Zuma is also under pressure to establish a commission of inquiry based on a report released last year by an anti-graft watchdog into allegations that brothers Ajay, Atul and Rajesh Gupta swayed the appointment of ministers.  If there is a proper judicial commission of inquiry, we should be able to put this issue to rest. This is one of the major issues inside the ANC,  said Mkhize, a member of the ANC s  Top Six  leadership group. Mkhize said the graft allegations around the Guptas - widely referred to in South Africa as  state capture  - were a concern to the ANC because of their  effect on the image of the organization .   We do not have something that indicates that the ANC itself is captured,  he told Reuters. Mkhize told the mining executives that the ANC was concerned about tensions between the industry and the mining ministry. The sides are locked in a bitter legal battle over revisions to an industry charter, which include raising the level of shares that blacks should own in mining companies. Mkhize has said he is  available  to be a candidate for the presidency if ANC branches choose him. Speaking to Reuters on the sidelines of the conference, he said it was too early to gauge his level of support. The frontrunners are former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, Zuma s ex-wife and preferred successor, and Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, who has also spoken out strongly against corruption.   Analysts have said Mkhize, who hails from Kwa-Zulu Natal, Zuma s home province, could emerge as a compromise candidate. ",1
18339,Catalan head says already feels like the president of a free country: interview,"MADRID (Reuters) - The regional leader of Catalonia said he already feels like the president of a free country after more than two million Catalans voted to leave Spain in a banned referendum last Sunday.  I already feel as a president of a free country where millions of people have made an important decision,  Carles Puigdemont said in an interview with German newspaper Bild due to be published on Thursday. ",1
18340,Swedish court orders Bombardier employee to be released from custody,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - An employee of Canadian aircraft and train maker Bombardier facing bribery charges in Sweden is to be released immediately from custody, his lawyer said on Wednesday.   A 37-year-old Russian man was arrested in March on suspicion that he and several others at the company had bribed an Azerbaijani official to secure a contract worth around $340 million. The Stockholm district court has ordered the man - who denied the allegations - to be released immediately, his lawyer said.  Our interpretation is that he will be completely acquitted, or that he is guilty only of a minor part of the accusation and, if so, has already served his time,  the employee s lawyer Cristina Bergner told Reuters. The district court could not immediately be reached for comment.  The prosecutor had demanded a sentence of five years in prison. The trial has concluded and sentencing is set for Oct. 11.  In their March statement, Swedish prosecutors alleged Bombardier had won the tender in question after competitors that had offered better prices were disqualified by Azerbaijan s rail authority. The Canadian firm said in August it took the allegations very seriously as they ran counter to its values and high standards, and it supported an investigation into the facts. ",1
18341,Catalan business lobby says worried by any declaration of independence,"MADRID (Reuters) - The influential Catalan business lobby Cercle d Economia said on Wednesday it was extremely worried by the prospect of Catalonia declaring independence from Spain and called for leaders from both sides to start talks.  Such a declaration would plunge the country into an extraordinarily complex situation with unknown, but very serious consequences,  the lobby said in a statement.  The lobby also condemned violence on Sunday, saying Catalan-Spanish relationships had deteriorated as a consequence, after Spanish riot police were seen beating Catalans attempting to cast a ballot in a vote the government had said was illegal. ",1
18342,Britain's Boris Johnson jokes about dead bodies in Libya,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson quipped on Tuesday that Libya can become a new Dubai if it can clear the dead bodies away, the latest gaffe by Britain s top diplomat. Johnson, who has offended some allies with flippant remarks, told Conservative Party members that the Libyan city of Sirte could be turned into the next Dubai by British investors if they could clear the bodies.  They ve got a brilliant vision to turn Sirte, with the help of the municipality of Sirte, to turn it into the next Dubai,  Johnson said.  The only thing they ve got to do is clear the dead bodies away and then we will be there.  Some activists from Prime Minister Theresa May s party laughed at the joke before the chair of the event changed the subject, saying:  Next question.  Britain and France took a leading role in the attacks that helped rebels overthrow Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. The country has since descended into chaos, with thousands of casualties. The Islamic State militant group took over Sirte in early 2015, turning it into their most important base outside the Middle East and attracting large numbers of foreign fighters into the city. It was later cleared of the militants. In a series of late night posts on Twitter, Johnson said he was referring to the clearing of booby trapped bodies of Islamic State militant fighters.  Shame people with no knowledge or understanding of Libya want to play politics with the appallingly dangerous reality in Sirte,  Johnson said.  The reality there is that the clearing of corpses of Daesh fighters has been made much more difficult by IEDs and booby traps.  When asked about Johnson s comments, PM May s deputy, Damian Green, said all ministers need to be careful with their language when dealing with sensitive issues but refrained from criticizing the foreign minister. The opposition Labour Party s spokeswoman for foreign affairs, Emily Thornberry, said Johnson s joke was shameful and questioned whether May would take any action to reprimand him. May s appointment of Johnson, who in the run-up to Britain s referendum on EU membership compared the goals of the European Union to those of Adolf Hitler and Napoleon, caused consternation in some European capitals. Britain s ambassador to Myanmar was forced to interrupt Johnson earlier this year as he tried to recite a nostalgic colonial poem by Rudyard Kipling in public during a visit to the country s most famous Buddhist site. ",1
18343,Russia investigating IS claim about Russian hostages: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s foreign ministry said on Wednesday it was working to establish the nationality and whereabouts of two people Islamic State said were Russian soldiers who it had captured in Syria, RIA news agency reported. Islamic State released a video on Tuesday that it said showed two soldiers captured by its fighters in the Syrian city of Deir al-Zor, where Russia has been backing the Syrian military against militants. ",1
18344,Aid groups seek $434 million to help up to 1.2 million Rohingya Muslims fleeing Myanmar,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Humanitarian organizations helping Rohingya Muslim refugees in Bangladesh said on Wednesday they need $434 million over the next six months to help up to 1.2 million people, most of them children, in dire need of life-saving assistance. There are an estimated 809,000 Rohingya sheltering in Bangladesh after fleeing violence and persecution in Myanmar, more than half a million of whom have arrived since Aug. 25 to join 300,000 Rohingya who are already there.  Unless we support the efforts of the Bangladesh government to provide immediate aid to the half million people who have arrived over the past month, many of the most vulnerable   women, children and the elderly   will die,  said William Lacy Swing, director general of the International Organization for Migration, which is coordinating the aid effort.  They will be the victims of neglect.   About 509,000 Rohingya have arrived in Bangladesh since attacks by Rohingya militants in August triggered a sweeping  Myanmar military offensive that the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing. Myanmar rejects accusations of ethnic cleansing. It says its forces are fighting insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) who claimed responsibility for attacks on about 30 police posts and an army camp on Aug. 25. The insurgents were also behind similar but smaller attacks in October last year that led to a brutal Myanmar army response triggering the flight of 87,000 Rohingya to Bangladesh. The agencies  plan for help over the next six months factors in the possibility of another 91,000 refugees arriving, as the influx continues, Robert Watkins, U.N. resident coordinator in Bangladesh, said in a statement.  The plan targets 1.2 million people, including all Rohingya refugees, and 300,000 Bangladeshi host communities over the next six months,  Watkins said.. Half a million people need food while 100,000 emergency shelters are required. More than half the refugees are children, while 24,000 pregnant women need maternity care, the agencies said. U.N. appeals for funds to help with humanitarian crises are generally significantly under-funded. The Rohingya are regarded as illegal immigrants in Buddhist-majority Myanmar and most are stateless. Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has faced scathing criticism for not doing more to stop the violence, although she has no power over the security forces under a military-drafted constitution. She has condemned rights abuses and said Myanmar was ready to start a process agreed with Bangladesh in 1993 under which anyone verified as a refugee would be accepted back. But many Rohingya are pessimistic about their chances of going home, partly because few have official papers confirming their residency. Most are also wary about returning without an assurance of  citizenship, which they fear could leave them vulnerable to the persecution and discrimination they have endured for years. The rights group Amnesty International said the international community had to ensure that no refugees are forced back to Myanmar as long as they remain at risk of serious rights violations. The U.N. refugee agency says any repatriation has to be voluntary. Human Rights Watch said it had found evidence that the Myanmar military had summarily executed dozens of Rohingya in a village called Maung Nu in Rakhine state, on Aug. 27, two days after the insurgent attacks triggered the violence. The rights group said it had spoken to 14 survivors and witnesses who were now refugees in Bangladesh. They described how soldiers entered a compound where people had gathered in fear of military retaliation.  They took several dozen Rohingya men and boys into the courtyard and then shot or stabbed them to death. Others were killed as they tried to flee,  said the rights group, which has accused Myanmar of crimes against humanity. Spokesmen for the government, the military and police did not answer their telephones and were not available for comment. Wednesday is a holiday in Myanmar. Reuters was not able to independently verify the report. The U.N. committees for women s and children s rights called on Myanmar to immediately stop violence in Rakhine, saying violations  being committed at the behest of the military and other security forces  may amount to crimes against humanity. ",1
18345,Putin: Russia-U.S. ties may improve through joint fight against terror,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that ties with U.S. President Donald Trump s administration were not without problems, but he hoped that mutual interests of Russia and the United States in fighting terrorism would help improve Moscow s relations with Washington.  Some forces are making use of Russian-American relations to resolve internal political problems in the United States,  Putin told an energy forum in Moscow.  I believe that such a person like Trump, with his character, will never be hostage to someone s interests.  Moscow has  lots of friends  in the United States who genuinely want to improve relations with Russia, Putin added. ",1
18346,"Iran says Tehran, Ankara to confront disintegration of Iraq, Syria: TV","Ankara (Reuters) - Iran and Turkey will work together to confront the disintegration of Iraq and Syria to ease tension in the crisis-hit region, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday after meeting with his Turkish counterpart in Tehran.  We want security and stability in the Middle East ... the independence referendum in Iraq s Kurdistan is a sectarian plot by foreign countries and is rejected by Tehran and Ankara,  Rouhani told a joint news conference with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan. ",1
18347,Turkey to take stronger steps in response to Iraqi Kurdish referendum: Erdogan,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey will take stronger steps in retaliation for the Iraqi Kurdish referendum last week, having already taken some measures in coordination with the Iraqi central government and Iran, President Tayyip Erdogan said on Wednesday. At a joint news conference in Tehran with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, broadcast live on Turkish television, Erdogan said the referendum had no legitimacy and had only been recognized by Israel. He also said the goal of raising Turkish-Iranian trade volume to $30 billion from $10 billion remained on the agenda and the two countries would conduct trade in their own currencies to limit foreign exchange pressures.  ",1
18348,Irish PM prefers May abortion referendum to maximize student vote,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said he would prefer to hold a referendum on easing the country s abortion laws next May in June in order to maximize the number of students who can vote. The government promised last week to hold a referendum in May or June on loosening of some of the strictest abortion laws in the world, and will decide in the coming months exactly what question to put to the Irish people. As many Irish students spend the summer months traveling or working overseas, pro-choice activists have warned that holding the vote in June would effectively mean disenfranchising thousands of young voters.  It is very much my preference that the referendum should be held in May, rather than June, so that we can maximize the number of people that can take part in it,  Varadkar told parliament.  That makes sense. I ve met student groups and I have said that to them.  Abortion remains a divisive issue in once stridently Catholic Ireland, where a complete ban on the procedure was only lifted in 2013 to allow terminations in cases where the mother s life was in danger. Tens of thousands of people marched in Dublin on Saturday to demand a more liberal regime, closer to that of England, which allows terminations to be carried out up to 24 weeks after conception. Thousands of Irish women travel to England for abortions each year. Anti-abortion supporters demand no further changes to the law. Opinion polls show a large majority of voters want some change. ",1
18349,German prosecutors accuse former far-right party leader of perjury,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German prosecutors said on Wednesday they were pressing perjury charges against Frauke Petry, former leader of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD), who last week quit the party and will sit in the national parliament as an independent lawmaker. Lorenz Haase, senior public prosecutor in the eastern city of Dresden, said it was unlikely the case against Petry would proceed quickly as Dresden s regional court would need to apply to lift her immunity as a member of the national parliament. Petry has been dogged by allegations that she lied under oath to a committee of the Saxony parliament about how the party s campaign for the 2014 election in the state was financed. She has denied the allegations. In August the regional parliament of the state of Saxony lifted Petry s immunity from prosecution. But now that she is due to take up her seat in the Bundestag, the lower house of the German federal parliament, she will be granted immunity there. A majority of lawmakers in the Bundestag would have to vote to lift her immunity. The first session of the lower house is expected to take place by Oct. 24 at the latest. Petry, long considered the face of the anti-immigrant AfD, had for months been on the losing side of a dispute between the party s warring wings. She had advocated a more moderate course while others shifted further to the right and wanted the party to focus on a role in opposition rather than trying to govern. Some AfD members have followed in Petry s footsteps to quit the AfD and she now plans to set up a new party. The AfD won 12.6 percent of the vote in the Sept. 24 federal election, making it the first far-right party to enter the Bundestag in more than half a century and the third largest parliamentary bloc. ",1
18350,"Saudi king leaves for Moscow, crown prince in charge","RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s King Salman left on Wednesday for an official trip to Russia where he is set to meet President Vladimir Putin for talks on oil production and regional policy, state television said. Several investment deals, including on a liquefied natural gas project and petrochemical plants, could also be signed during the trip and plans for a $1-billion fund to invest in energy projects are likely to be finalised. The king appointed his son, 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, to manage the kingdom s affairs in his absence.  ",1
18351,State workers protest in Romania over social security payment shift,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Thousands of state workers protested in the Romanian capital on Wednesday against the Social Democrats-led government s plan to shift social security taxes to employees. The government, which also aims to reduce income tax to 10 percent from 16 percent, plans to cut social security payments from Jan. 1 to 35 percent from 39.25 percent. But payments are now jointly made by workers and employers. About 3,000 public sector workers in Bucharest demanded the cabinet scrap the plan to shift the burden of social security taxes to employees. Protesters blew whistles and some held banners saying:  We pay you to serve, not mock us.  The Finance Ministry has yet to release a draft bill on its tax plans.  The government s proposal to transfer social security contributions to workers is an experiment whose negative consequences will again be carried exclusively by employees,  protest organizer, the Cartel Alfa union, said in a statement. Romanian and foreign investors have criticized the Social Democrats  plans for tax changes which they complain have been announced without prior consultation or impact assessment. They have urged more predictable fiscal policies. The government s plan for fiscal loosening has raised concerns in Brussels. The European Commission has said it expects Romania to run the largest budget deficits in the European Union this year and next. The government has said it would keep the deficit below the EU ceiling of 3 percent of gross domestic product. The government said a 25 percent wage hike approved for public sector workers for 2018 will cover changes to social security contributions. But net wages will stay virtually flat. Finance Minister Ionut Misa has said the planned changes to social security contributions would mean private firms would have to raise gross wages but said this would not mean extra costs as companies no longer contributed to social security. ",1
18352,Philippines' Duterte takes aim at graft agency head for query on his wealth,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Wednesday vowed to file an impeachment complaint against the head of the country s anti-graft body after she launched an inquiry into allegations that he has billions of pesos in undeclared funds in bank accounts. The firebrand leader said he also wanted the chief justice of the Supreme Court removed because she allowed herself to be used as a tool by his political opponents, who are conspiring to unseat him.  We will file an impeachment case against her,  Duterte told reporters, referring to Conchita Carpio-Morales, who heads the Office of the Ombudsman, the government s anti-graft agency.  I would tend to believe she was part of the conspiracy.  Duterte was angered when the agency confirmed last month it was examining allegations that he failed to disclose the full extent of his wealth in a mandatory asset declaration when he was mayor of a southern city prior to becoming president.   In the end, they will discover, to their sorrow, there is no such amount,  he said, challenging Carpio-Morales and Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno to join him in making public their own bank accounts and resigning from office. He said Sereno did not disclose government earnings of 30 million pesos ($588,000) for serving as a private lawyer in an airport arbitration case. Sereno already faces a pending impeachment case in Congress. Sereno made no immediate comment, but her lawyers said they were ready to answer the complaint and prove she had not committed an impeachable offense. An impeachment complaint against Carpio-Morales, who is the aunt of Duterte s son-in-law, would be based on accusations of  selective justice  and the use of  falsified documents , the president added.  Carpio-Morales  office did not respond to telephone calls from Reuters to seek comment. In an earlier statement, her office had said,  This office shall not be intimidated. We will nonetheless proceed with the probe as mandated by the constitution.      In the Philippines, the president, vice president, supreme court judges, heads of constitutional agencies and the ombudsman can only be removed through impeachment on the basis of high crimes such as treason, bribery, corruption, betrayal of public trust and constitutional violations. Duterte said the two women had conspired with members of the Liberal Party and with his critic, Senator Antonio Trillanes, who supplied the ombudsman with what he called illegally-acquired and stolen bank records. In an interview with reporters, Trillanes denied the president s latest allegations.  For me, Mr Duterte, do not avoid the issue of hidden wealth with this malicious allegation,  he added. The Liberal Party made no immediate comment when contacted by Reuters. ",1
18353,"Putin, on Iraqi Kurdistan, says Moscow handles situation with care","MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that Russia was exercising a policy of non-interference and using cautious rhetoric after the independence referendum in Iraq s Kurdistan in order not to explode the situation in the region.  Putin, speaking during an energy forum in Moscow, also said that it was in no-one s interest to cut off oil supplies from Iraq s Kurdistan. ",1
18354,Mood sours in ethnically split Cyprus over aid convoy spat,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Cyprus said on Wednesday it would protest to the United Nations over Turkish Cypriot restrictions imposed on humanitarian aid to Greek Cypriots living in the north of the partitioned island, in a sign of deteriorating relations between the two sides. A U.N. peacekeeping force has been transporting a range of household supplies to a small and dwindling community of Greek Cypriots and Maronite Christians based in the Turkish Cypriot-controlled north of the island for decades.  Turkish Cypriot officials last month announced they would start charging customs duties on goods, with the exception of medical aid, effective from Oct. 1. An aid convoy sent via the United Nations on Wednesday contained only medicine. Only Turkey recognizes the breakaway Turkish Cypriot state, and Cyprus s internationally recognized government views any customs payments out of the question.  These measures... which are totally illegal and contrary to all agreements, are polluting the good climate we want to maintain every way possible,  said Greek Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades.  This will be reported, with steps and measures if necessary,  he said, without elaborating. Wednesday s incident underscored a deterioration in relations between the two sides since the collapse of revived peace negotiations in Switzerland in July.   In a statement, the U.N. peacekeeping force expressed  regret  at the decision taken by the Turkish Cypriot administration. A weekly convoy on Wednesday carried only medical supplies to the 264 elderly Greek Cypriot recipients of aid, the United Nations said. Another convoy takes aid to Maronite recipients every other week. The Maronites are descendants of Arabs who moved to Cyprus many centuries ago from what is now Lebanon.  Turkish Cypriot officials were last month quoted in Cypriot media as saying aid, which ranged from gas cylinders to food, was being sold on to others, and that it was not required. Cyprus was split in a Turkish invasion in 1974 triggered by a brief Greek inspired coup, resulting in tens of thousands of internally displaced people. Crossing points opened in 2003 and today there is a regular stream of traffic from one side of the island to the other.  Greek Cypriots regularly visit the north for cheaper tobacco products and medicine  - even though that is formally banned - and Turkish Cypriots go to the south for grocery shopping.    ",1
18355,Prankster interrupts British PM May's keynote party speech,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - A prankster, who has previously targeted U.S President Donald Trump and former FIFA president Sepp Blatter, interrupted British Prime Minister Theresa May s keynote speech at her annual conference on Wednesday. British comedian Simon Brodkin, who uses the stage name Lee Nelson, handed a P45 letter, a document given to employees when they leave their job, to May as she gave her speech to Conservative supporters. As he was bundled out of the hall, May briefly stopped speaking before the party faithful stood to applaud and cheer her.  As security agents escorted him out of the conference hall, Brodkin quipped that Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson - who is widely believed to have ambitions to be prime minister himself - had told him to hand the P45 to May.  Boris told me to hand her a P45,  he told Reuters.  He didn t tell me why. He wanted me to do it.  Writing on his Twitter feed shortly afterwards, Brodkin said:  Hi @BorisJohnson, I gave Theresa her P45 just like you asked.  The comedian interrupted a media conference by Trump at his Scottish golf course last year by rolling golf balls toward him emblazoned with swastikas and in 2015 showered Blatter with fake paper money at a briefing with reporters. ",1
18356,"May confident of winning Brexit deal that works for Britain, EU","MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she understood that some are finding the Brexit talks frustrating but that she was confident of getting a deal that will work for both Britain and the European Union. According to the text of her closing speech at the Conservative Party annual conference, she told members that the government was planning for every eventuality in the Brexit talks and said EU citizens living in Britain were welcome. ",1
18357,Islamic State claims responsibility for attack in Libyan city of Misrata: statement,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Islamic State has claimed an attack in the Libyan city of Misrata in which at least three people were killed on Wednesday, the militant group s news agency Amaq said. It said fighters loyal to the group had attacked a court building in the city where shooting and an explosion were reported. ",1
18358,Iraqi forces in final assault to take Hawija from Islamic State,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces launched a final assault on Wednesday to capture the town of Hawija, one of two pockets of territory in Iraq still under Islamic State control, the country s military said in a statement. Iraqi state TV broadcast live footage showing the area covered by thick black smoke, rising from oil wells torched by the militants as a tactic to prevent air detection. Hawija is located near the oil city of Kirkuk, in northern Iraq. The offensive on Hawija is being carried out by U.S.-backed Iraqi government troops and Iranian-trained and armed Shi ite paramilitary groups known as Popular Mobilisation.They began moving on the town of Hawija two days after capturing the Rashad air base, 30 km (20 miles) to the south and used by the militants as a training and logistics site. Iraq launched an offensive on Sept. 21 to dislodge Islamic State from Hawija and surrounding areas where up to 78,000 people could be trapped, according to the United Nations. Iraqi security officials say the militants are preventing some residents from leaving, while others are afraid of escaping towards government forces because of explosives that might have been laid by Islamic State around the town. The other area of the country still under the control of the militant group is a stretch of land along the Syrian border, in western Iraq, including the border town of al-Qaim. The militants also hold the Syrian side of the border at al-Qaim, but the area under their control is shrinking as they retreat in the face of two different sets of hostile forces   a U.S.-backed, Kurdish-led coalition, and Syrian government troops with foreign Shi ite militias backed by Iran and Russia.  Islamic State s cross-border  caliphate  effectively collapsed in July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, in a grueling battle which lasted nine months.  The militants  leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who declared the caliphate from Mosul in mid-2014, released an audio recording last week that indicated he was still alive. He called on his followers to keep up the fight despite the setbacks. ",1
18359,British PM May's voice repeatedly fails in keynote speech,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May struggled to deliver her keynote speech to the Conservative Party s annual conference on Wednesday, repeatedly coughing and losing her voice.  With the party members applauding to keep May going, she had to stop on several occasions to drink water and take a cough sweet which she said came from Chancellor Philip Hammond.  Shows what good the chancellor s cough sweet is,  she said, as she continued to attempt to give her speech. Earlier in the speech she was heckled by a protester who held up a P45 paper in front of her, a document handed out to employees leaving a job.  ",1
18360,OSCE watchdog criticizes German social media law as too broad,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The OSCE media watchdog on Wednesday criticized a German law designed to fine social media networks for dragging their feet in removing hateful postings for being too broad and called on lawmakers to consider amending it. The German parliament in June approved legislation, in force since the beginning of the month, that allows authorities to punish groups such as Facebook or Twitter if they do not promptly delete hate postings.     Harlem Desire, the media freedom chief of the 57-state Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe, said he hoped the German law would encourage providers to speedily process users  complaints, but added its effects could be excessively restrictive.  I appeal to the German authorities to take steps to ensure the careful implementation of the law, evaluate its effects and be ready to amend it in parliament, if necessary, as in its current form, the law may have a chilling effect on freedom of expression,  Desire said in a statement.  According to the law s provisions, decisions to remove content considered unlawful or illegitimate from social networks rests with the operators of those networks, who may remove more than is necessary or proportionate, and the list of offences for which content may be deleted is very broad.  Germany has some of the world s toughest laws covering defamation, public incitement to commit crimes and threats of violence, with prison sentences for Holocaust denial or inciting hatred against minorities. However, few online cases are prosecuted. The new law gives social media networks 24 hours to delete or block obviously criminal content and seven days to deal with less clear-cut cases, with an obligation to report back to the person who filed the complaint about how they handled the case. Failure to comply could see a company fined up to 50 million euros ($59 million), and the company s chief representative in Germany fined up to 5 million euros. Critics of a new hate speech law in Germany are optimistic that it can be revised after its Social Democratic sponsors vowed to drop out of the ruling coalition following last month s national election and go into opposition. ",1
18361,"Tanzanian president discloses salary, one of lowest among African leaders","DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Tanzanian President John Magufuli has revealed he earns a salary of 9 million Tanzanian shillings ($4,000) per month, making him one of the lowest paid African leaders as he pursues a much-criticized policy of deep public spending cuts.  In a speech to local officials in the capital on Tuesday he also said his government had slashed salaries of executives at state-owned companies at 15 million Tanzanian shillings  ($6,700) a month   more than his own.   They can leave if they don t want it,  he said. He said abuse of public funds was  rampant  at state firms and that he had rejected requests from some local officials to more than double their allowances, saying he could not do so while many citizens lack access to water, health care and electricity. Since taking office in November 2015, Magufuli   nicknamed  the Bulldozer    has cut government spending by imposing measures such as restrictions on foreign travel for government officials and the removal of  ghost workers  from the state payroll.    Some critics say his cost-cutting measures are excessive and argue they could undermine growth in East Africa s second-biggest economy and some have slowed investment in critical sectors such as mining.  Magufuli s salary is a small fraction of that of other African leaders. He has no other publicly known sources of income and his government said last year it plans to submit a parliamentary bill that would prohibit public leaders from engaging in business to avoid conflicts of interest. By contrast Kenya s president earns a monthly salary of around $14,000. Jacob Zuma of South Africa is paid around $20,000 monthly, following a salary increase by parliament in 2015. Since 2009, Zuma has been embroiled in numerous scandals and allegations of abuse of office, including more than $500,000 of improper state spending on security at his private home. Others with more modest pay include President Muhammadu Buhari of Nigeria, who took a 50 percent pay cut when he took office in May 2015. The annual presidential salary was previously set at 14.1 million naira, which in mid-2015 was the equivalent of $70,000.   ($1 = 2,239.0000 Tanzanian shillings) ",1
18362,UK PM May: We must fight for the political mainstream,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday that her  party must fight for a Conservative mainstream political agenda, speaking in her address to the annual party conference.  We must come together to fight for this mainstream Conservative agenda. To win the battle of ideas in a new generation all over again,  May said. ",1
18363,The Reuters Graphic: The threat from Bali's angry volcano,"(Reuters) - Mount Agung, a rumbling volcano towering over the east of the Indonesian island of Bali, has forced more than 140,000 people to evacuate as authorities warn it could erupt at any time. Holidaymakers are avoiding the island after scientists issued the highest alert level for the volcano, which killed more than 1,000 people when it last erupted in 1963. Rising more than 3,000 meters (yards), Mount Agung is the island s highest and most sacred volcano, home to the Pura Besakih temple complex that narrowly escaped the previous eruption.    Bali is better prepared this time, imposing a 12-km (7-mile) exclusion zone around the volcano and stocking up on food and emergency supplies at temporary shelters. This interactive graphic shows the potential areas of risk from hot gases, ash and molten rock  bombs  spewing from the volcano. It explains how scientists assess the rate and type of volcanic tremors to determine when a volcano could erupt. The Reuters graphics team also takes a look at the potential impact on an economy that relies on nearly 5 million tourists a year visiting its beaches and temples. See the graphic ""Mount Agung awakens"" here: tmsnrt.rs/2ymKRSY ",1
18364,East Timor president swears in first minority government," (This October 3 story corrects location in paragraph 4 to presidential palace, not parliament) By Nelson Da Cruz DILI (Reuters) - East Timor President Francisco  Lu Olo  Guterres swore in the remaining members of the new cabinet on Tuesday and urged the first minority government since independence to focus on improving living conditions and avoiding political upheaval.  The new administration led by Prime Minister Mari Alkatiri   faces pressure to lift flagging oil production in the nation of 1.3 million people, where unemployment and poverty remain rife. Alkatiri, who was East Timor s first prime minister after independence in 2002, stood down in 2006 following a wave of unrest sparked by the sacking of 600 soldiers. His Fretilin party won the most votes in July s election but failed to get an outright majority.    Guterres said in a speech at the presidential palace that the country expected good governance without waste.  The improvement of well being in our land isn t achieved with political upheaval. It s achieved with work, with the participation of everyone and with dedication,  said Guterres.     Dwindling output from existing oil and gas fields, compounded by weaker commodities prices, have hit the government s budget and crimped its ambition to develop manufacturing as an engine for economic growth. The former Portuguese colony was invaded by neighboring Indonesia in 1975. An often violent 24-year resistance movement took East Timor to independence in 2002 and many of its key figures still feature prominently in running the country. Alkatiri, who is a Muslim in the predominantly Roman Catholic nation, spent several decades living in exile in Mozambique during East Timor s struggle for independence. Nobel Peace Prize winner and former prime minister and president, Jose Ramos-Horta, was also sworn into the cabinet last month in a new post as Minister of State and Counsellor for National Security. Hernani Filomena Coelho da Silva has been appointed to the important post of oil minister. He was foreign minister in the previous administration. Australia and East Timor reached a breakthrough agreement last month on a maritime border, ending a decade-old row that has stalled a $40 billion offshore gas project. The dispute has led the owners of the Greater Sunrise fields - Woodside Petroleum, ConocoPhillips, Royal Dutch Shell and Japan s Osaka Gas - to shelve the project. Fretilin, which won 23 seats in the election, will join with the Democratic Party to control 30 seats in the 65-seat parliament.  Fretilin, or the Revolutionary Front for an Independent East Timor, had been in a de facto coalition since 2015 with the National Congress for Timorese Reconstruction, a party founded by former independence fighter Xanana Gusmao. ",1
18365,Rwanda charges critic of president with inciting insurrection,"KIGALI (Reuters) - Rwandan authorities have charged a critic of President Paul Kagame with inciting insurrection and forgery after she was barred from challenging him in August elections, the public prosecutor s spokesman said on Wednesday. Diane Shima Rwigara, a 35-year-old accountant, has repeatedly accused Kagame of stifling dissent and criticized his Rwandan Patriotic Front s near total hold on power since it fought its way to power to end a genocide in 1994. Kagame won the August election with 98.8 percent of the vote.  Rwigara s mother Adeline and sister Anne have also been charged with incitement and  discrimination and sectarianism , prosecutor s spokesman Faustin Nkusi told Reuters. He said the cases were filed in court on Tuesday and awaited a trial date.  The three women have been in detention for around two weeks. They were first taken from their home in the Rwandan capital on Aug. 30 on tax evasion allegations related to the family s tobacco company. That charge was not listed in those filed on Tuesday. Kagame won international praise for restoring stability in Rwanda and presiding over a rapid economic recovery after the genocide, in which an estimated 800,000 ethnic Tutsis and politically moderate ethnic Hutus were killed. But human rights groups say he has muzzled independent media and suppressed potential democratic opponents. Some critics of the government have been imprisoned or killed. Electoral authorities barred Rwigara from standing in August, saying she had not submitted enough supporters  signatures and some of the names she did sent in belonged to dead people.  Rwigara s brother Aristide, who lives in the United States, said the charges against the three women are politically motivated and intended to punish the family for her attempted presidential bid. He was not reachable for comment on Wednesday. Nkusi said the charges were not related to politics. ",1
18366,Exclusive: Cambodian opposition leader calls for sanctions on leadership,"(Reuters) - An opposition leader who said she fled Cambodia in fear of arrest called on Western donors on Wednesday to impose targeted sanctions on Prime Minister Hun Sen s government to save democracy in the Southeast Asian nation. Mu Sochua, 63, left Cambodia on Tuesday, saying she had been tipped off that she was among the next targets of a crackdown in which opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) leader Kem Sokha was arrested a month ago and charged with treason. Elections are due next year and the opposition party has accused Hun Sen, 65, of arresting and harassing its leaders and other critics so he can extend over 30 years in power.  The time for statements has passed. It s time for sanctions, targeted sanctions. Also suspension of technical aid to the government of Cambodia,  Mu Sochua told Reuters.  Time is up for democracy. How long can the international community wait?  She was speaking to Reuters in Southeast Asia and requested that the location not be specified because of security concerns. She said last week that around half the CNRP s members of parliament had fled Cambodia. The sanctions could include visa restrictions on top officials, Mu Sochua said, but should not target the exports of garments - mostly to the United States and European Union - on which the livelihoods of hundreds of thousands of Cambodian workers depend. Responding to Mu Sochua s comments, government spokesman Phay Siphan said there was no reason for any country to impose sanctions on Cambodia because it was committed to peace and pluralism and the rule of law.  This is a sovereign state and it will protect its sovereignty,  he said. He said he could not comment on any potential arrests because that would be a matter for the judiciary.         The government accuses the opposition of planning a revolution to oust Hun Sen, whose rule has spanned Cambodia s three-decade transformation from a broken state after the Khmer Rouge genocide to one of the region s fastest growing economies. Hun Sen has called it a  color revolution , similar to movements in parts of the Balkans and the former Soviet Union in the 2000s. Since Kem Sokha s arrest, Mu Sochua had emerged as his most outspoken deputy. She said she grew worried at the weekend after suspected plain clothes police followed her to rallies in the countryside. TIP-OFF Then on Monday, Hun Sen threatened more arrests of opposition leaders. Mu Sochua said a senior government official had sent her a recording of his speech.  I said, is this about me?  He said  yes . I said  Is the arrest going to be this week?  He said  yes ,  said Mu Sochua, who is known internationally for decades of campaigning against sex trafficking and for women s rights. Insurrection charges over which she was detained for seven days in 2014 could easily be brought back, she said. The government has not said it planned to charge her. Mu Sochua said any international moves against Hun Sen should be aimed at preserving democracy.  When we talk about targeted sanctions we also talk about giving Mr. Hun Sen time to think and to adjust and to give the opposition, civil society, free media space so that the next 10 months will be time to prepare for elections,  she said. Western countries have condemned the arrest of Kem Sokha and the crackdown on non-governmental organizations, civil rights groups and independent media in the country of 16 million people, but they have not taken any concrete steps.  What is shocking is how the international community, especially Cambodia s donors, are essentially giving Hun Sen a free pass at each step of this crackdown,  Phil Robertson, Deputy Asia Director, Human Rights Watch, said in a statement. Western donors played an essential part in rebuilding Cambodia after 1991 peace accords to end civil war, but their influence has waned as Cambodia s economy has strengthened and as China has become its most important ally.  U.S. Senators John McCain and Dick Durbin introduced a resolution on Tuesday that called on the U.S. State and Treasury Departments to consider putting top Cambodian officials on a list that could stop them visiting the United States. China, by far the biggest donor to Cambodia, has given verbal support to Hun Sen. A former Khmer Rouge commander, he defected from the group and helped to drive it from power in 1979 after the deaths of an estimated 1.7 million people. ",1
18367,Germany: Rule of law must hold in Spain,"BERLIN (Reuters) - It is important for Spain to uphold the rule of law to preserve stability, German Chancellor Angela Merkel s spokesman said on Wednesday as Catalonia moves toward declaring independence from the EU state.   Germany is watching developments there closely. We have a great interest in the stability of Spain. Therefore it is important ... that the rule of law is adhered to,  spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters. Describing the conflict between Madrid and Catalonia as an internal matter, he said any solution  can only take place within the Spanish constitution and democratic order  and he declined to condemn police action over the weekend.   Chancellor Merkel is not pursuing a mediation mission. It is an internal matter for Spain,  he added. ",1
18368,Independence or bust: Catalan leader boxed in by his own angry base,"VIC, Spain (Reuters) - Catalonia s pro-independence leader Carles Puigdemont has called for the European Union to mediate with Spain over the region s future, but for many Catalans the intensity of a police crackdown on a banned referendum may mean it is too late for compromise. Across Catalonia s separatist heartland of Osona county, politicians said police action, using rubber bullets and batons against voters in the independence vote, left little room in the independence camp for anything short of secession.  People here have completely disconnected from the Spanish state,  said Joan Coma, a councilor for the Popular Unity Candidacy (CUP), a small anti-capitalist party which has an outsized influence on Puigdemont s Catalan government.   Independence will be unilateral,  said Coma, who police arrested last year and released in June on charges of inciting civil disobedience and who is councilor in Osana s capital Vic. Before Sunday s vote, members of Puigdemont s PdeCat party said they would be ready to accept greater fiscal and political autonomy without full independence for Catalonia, a region with its own language and an industrial and tourism powerhouse that accounts for a fifth of Spain s economy. But widespread anger over the crackdown on the referendum, declared illegal by Madrid, now makes any such strategy politically risky, given it would be unlikely to sustain broad support from independence supporters and from within Puigdemont s own ruling coalition in the Catalan parliament. The pro-independence Catalan National Assembly (ANC), which has organized protests of hundreds of thousands of secessionists in the past, interpreted Puigdemont s push for mediation as essentially a call for EU recognition of a new Catalan state.  It would be the EU that offers to mediate talks to reach an agreement which, I insist, would include Catalonia s independence,  ANC spokesman Adria Alsina said. Puigdemont on Tuesday evening said his government would ask the separatist-controlled Catalan parliament to declare independence within 48 hours of tallying votes from the referendum, which he said could be as soon as this weekend. This would leave Rajoy with the option of invoking the constitution to suspend the Catalan government and to bring on regional elections. This so-called  nuclear option  could reignite unrest in a region where secessionists are invoking the name of late dictator Francisco Franco in describing Rajoy s tactics. Before Franco s death in 1975, the Catalan language was suppressed.  An EU spokesman declined to say whether the Union would mediate, although it would be unusual for Brussels to take such a step within one of the bloc s own member states. The EU executive voiced trust in Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s ability to manage this  internal matter , but also called for dialogue between the sides and reminded Madrid of a need to respect citizens  basic rights.  Tens of thousands of people took to the streets of Catalonia on Tuesday to protest against Sunday s violent crackdown by Spanish police. The referendum has plunged Spain into its worst constitutional crisis in decades, and is a political test for  Rajoy, a conservative who has taken a hard line stance on the issue. Outside of Catalonia, Spaniards mostly hold strong views against its independence drive. Spain s King Felipe VI, in a rare intervention, accused secessionist leaders on Tuesday of shattering democratic principles and dividing Catalan society. Interviews with five pro-independence politicians in Osona county, a patchwork of farming towns, reveal an uncompromising mood after Sunday s violence which, according to Catalan officials, injured around 900 people across the region.  We have lost our fear,  said Jordi Casals, a 39-year-old councilor for the center-left Esquerra Republicana party in the town of Torello.  To go back now is impossible.  Casals said that when he entered politics over a decade ago, separatist rallies attracted just a few thousand people. On Sunday, 2.26 million people out of 5.34 million registered voters managed to vote with about 90 percent backing independence, according to Catalan government figures. However, unionists mostly boycotted the referendum.  Puigdemont used vague language open to interpretation when asked what he wanted to achieve from EU-mediated talks. On Monday, he said:  It would be a mediation in which there must be a commitment to re-establish the institutional normalcy.  Coma said Sunday s turnout   greater than that of an informal ballot in 2014 according to Catalan officials   made the referendum result binding and the CUP was now mobilizing local assemblies to begin the process of splitting with Spain. The CUP is crucial to the survival of a separatist Catalan government since it enabled larger parties to form a pro-independence coalition in 2015. As a condition, it forced out Artur Mas as Catalan leader for Puigdemont due to the lack of progress toward independence since the 2014 vote. The independence tide began to turn in 2010 when secessionists were outraged by a decision of Spain s Constitutional Court, which struck down a reform to Catalonia s autonomy statute that had recognized it as a nation and gave the Catalan language primacy over Spanish. The week after, a million Catalans took to Barcelona s streets in the first pro-independence mass demonstration to protest under the slogan    We are a nation. We decide!   Whenever we have trusted the Spanish state, they have cheated us. Every agreement we made they broke,  said Jordi Fabrega, mayor of the town of Sant Pere de Torello, which symbolically declared independence from Spain in 2012. A banner reading  EUROPE HELP US  hung from an apartment block in Vic on Tuesday. But so far, despite international criticism of the crackdown, most comments from EU member states have been against secession. Rajoy raised the possibility of a negotiated settlement this week, though he ruled out independence and praised the police crackdown on the referendum. He called for  all-party  talks to find a solution, opening the door to a deal giving Catalonia more autonomy. In towns around Osona, an hour s drive north of Barcelona and with a population of over 150,000 people, the Spanish state is just where they have to send their taxes. Catalan authorities provide heath care, run their schools and police their streets.  When Rajoy appears on television, I don t see him as my (leader), he doesn t represent me,  said 58-year-old Elvira Ramisa in Sant Pere as her kitchen s radio blared out news on the referendum s aftermath. ",1
18369,Pro-independence parties want Catalan parliament to discuss independence on Monday: report,"MADRID (Reuters) - Pro-independence Catalan parties Junts Pel Si and CUP have asked parliament to meet to discuss and possibly declare the region s independence from Spain on Monday, Catalan newspaper La Vanguardia reported on Wednesday.  The regional parliament s governing body is meeting today to decide when to call a parliamentary session to discuss the results of a banned referendum on splitting from Spain. During this session, the parliament could declare independence. Given the referendum was declared unconstitutional, this declaration would not bear any legal consequence and it is highly unlikely to be recognized internationally. ",1
18370,"Trump praises response to Puerto Rico, says crisis straining budget","SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump expressed satisfaction on Tuesday with the federal response to Hurricane Maria s devastation of Puerto Rico, despite criticism that the government was slow to address the crisis. Trump, who has grappled with hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria in the past six weeks, said at a briefing that the disasters were straining the U.S. budget.  I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you ve thrown our budget a little out of whack because we ve spent a lot of money on Puerto Rico,  he said.  And that s fine. We ve saved a lot of lives.  Two weeks after it was hit by the worst hurricane in 90 years, many of Puerto Rico s 3.4 million residents are still struggling without basic necessities. Shortly after Trump left Puerto Rico, Governor Ricardo Rosello said the death toll had risen from 16 to 34.  The U.S. territory s economy already was in recession before Hurricane Maria and its government had filed for bankruptcy in the face of a $72 billion debt load. In an interview with Fox News, Trump said the island s debt would have to be erased.  They owe a lot of money to your friends on Wall Street and we re going to have to wipe that out. You re going to say goodbye to that, I don t know if it s Goldman Sachs but whoever it is you can wave goodbye to that,  Trump said in the interview, conducted while he visited the island. Moody s on Tuesday estimated Maria s total cost to Puerto Rico, including lost output, at $45 billion to $95 billion and significant relief from the federal government would be required. Trump said the federal response to Maria compared favorably with a  real catastrophe like Katrina,  the 2005 storm that swamped Louisiana and Mississippi and killed more than 1,800.  What s happened in terms of recovery, in terms of saving lives - 16 lives that s a lot - but if you compare that to the thousands of people who died in other hurricanes that frankly were not nearly as severe,  he said. The hurricane wiped out the island s power grid, and fewer than half of residents have running water. It is still difficult for residents to get a cell phone signal or find fuel for their generators or cars. About 88 percent of cellphone sites are still out of service. On Air Force One on his return flight to Washington, Trump said it had been a  great day  and he had heard no criticism during his day in Puerto Rico.  We ve only heard  thank yous  from the people of Puerto Rico,  he said.  It is something I enjoyed very much today.  He said local truck drivers are still needed to help distribute supplies. In Washington, Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said Republican President Trump should  stop blaming Puerto Rico for the storm that devastated their shores  and should start trying to make the situation better. The White House is preparing to ask Congress for a $29 billion aid package for Puerto Rico and other areas hit by natural disasters, a White House official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. Additional requests from the administration are expected for longer-term assistance to Puerto Rico, as well as Texas and Florida, which also were hit by powerful storms in recent weeks. During his 4-1/2 hour visit to Puerto Rico, Trump s motorcade sped past trees stripped of their leaves and the occasional home without a roof. He and his wife, Melania, met survivors of the disaster in the town of Guaynabo, walking down a street and talking to several families whose homes were damaged. Sidewalks were piled with debris.  You know who helped them? God helped them. Right?  Trump said. San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz, who has criticized the administration s response to Puerto Rico, was among those Trump met with during his visit to the territory.  Days before, Trump lashed out at Cruz on Twitter, accusing her of  poor leadership  and saying that some people on the island  want everything to be done for them.  Trump shook hands with Cruz but he saved his warm words of praise for other local and federal authorities.  Right from the beginning, this governor did not play politics,  he said of Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello. On CNN, Cruz said she told Trump,  This is about saving lives; it s not about politics.  Trump took a helicopter tour of the destruction, seeing hills that are normally lush and green, brown and bare after Maria s winds stripped the branches. He also saw from the air the USNS Comfort, the just-arrived hospital ship. Valentine Navarro, 26, a salesman in San Juan, shrugged off Trump s trip as a public relations exercise.  I think he s coming here because of pressure, as a photo-op, but I don t think he s going to help more than he has already done   and that s not much,  Navarro said. ",1
18371,Europe will do everything to preserve Iran nuclear deal: EU diplomat,"ZURICH (Reuters) - European countries will do their utmost to preserve a deal limiting Iran s nuclear program despite misgivings by U.S. President Donald Trump, a senior European Union diplomat said on Wednesday.  This is not a bilateral agreement, it s a multilateral agreement. As Europeans, we will do everything to make sure it stays,  Helga Schmid, secretary general of the EU s foreign policy service, told an Iranian investment conference in Switzerland s financial capital. The deal was brokered in 2015 by the bloc between Iran, the United States, France, Germany, Britain, Russia and China. Trump is weighing whether the pact serves U.S. security interests as he faces an Oct. 15 deadline for certifying that Iran is complying, a decision that could sink an agreement strongly supported by the other world powers that negotiated it. Schmid said Europe has concerns about Iran s role in regional affairs, but that those issues were not part of the nuclear accord known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.  I m absolutely convinced we will not be in a better place to address any of these issues by ditching the JCPOA,  Schmid said.  The world does not need a second nuclear proliferation crisis. One is already too many,  she added in an apparent reference to Washington s standoff with North Korea. Nicholas Hopton, Britain s ambassador to Iran, said the U.N. nuclear watchdog s reports had shown Iran was fully complying with terms of the accord.  We hope that President Trump will recertify the deal and that the U.S. will continue to play a constructive and important role in the implementation of the JCPOA,  he told the conference. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday the United States should consider staying in the Iran deal unless it were proven that Tehran was not abiding by the agreement or that it was not in the U.S. national interest to do so. Although Mattis said he supported Trump s review of the agreement, the defense secretary s view was far more positive than that of Trump, who has called the deal agreed between Iran and six world powers an  embarrassment.  ",1
18372,Scooter fire in western Paris triggers Jordan explosion scare,"PARIS (Reuters) - A scooter was set on fire in front of the Jordanian military attache s office in western Paris on Wednesday, police sources said, after Jordan s foreign ministry had earlier issued a statement saying a motorbike had exploded. According to the Paris police department the fire spread to a diplomatic vehicle early in the morning, but there was nothing that  corresponded to an explosion.  An embassy official said the incident did not appear to intentionally target Jordan.  A motorbike exploded in front of the building where the military attache s office is. The police are investigating,  an embassy official said.  It doesn t seem to be an intentional act that targets Jordan.   Jordan s Foreign Ministry spokesman was quoted by the Jordanian state-run Petra news agency earlier saying that a motorbike exploded in front of Jordan s military mission, but that no staff were injured in the explosion. The Paris police department said an investigation had been opened, but there was nothing to suggest the incident was related to terrorism.  ",1
18373,"Mongolia names biker enthusiast PM, kick-starting IMF rescue package","ULAANBAATAR (Reuters) - Mongolia s parliament confirmed the nomination of motorbike enthusiast Ukhnaa Khurelsukh as prime minister on Wednesday, putting the country back on track to receive funds from a $5.5 billion IMF economic rescue package.  Khurelsukh, of the ruling Mongolian People s Party (MPP), received unanimous approval from the lawmakers in attendance for his confirmation as Mongolia s 30th prime minister.  He will face challenges in bringing back foreign investment to the mineral-rich former Soviet satellite and manage the country s heavy debt load.   The International Monetary Fund has approved an economic bailout program to help relieve debt pressures and buoy the currency, the tugrik, that includes austerity policies.  An IMF visit to review the program that included the disbursement of $37.82 million of the funds was delayed in September until a new government was formed.  The IMF had said that once a new government was in place, it would engage with the authorities on how best to move forward with the program.  Khurelsukh succeeds Jargaltulga Erdenebat, who was voted out of office in September amid allegations of corruption and incompetence.  The new prime minister holds the title of colonel, although he only served in the military from 1989 to 1990.   He projects a tough rule of law image,  said Dale Choi, head of Altan Bumba Financial Group.  He s a very tough and strong guy himself. I think the electorate likes it very much.  Khurelsukh, 49. is seen as a leader to the party s so-called  youth faction  and is also a noted motorcycle enthusiast. He is president of the fan club for Harley-Davidson in Ulaanbaatar. Mongolia s democracy has been turbulent since its transition from a socialist state in 1990, and no premier has completed a four-year term since 2000.  Government infighting and reshuffles have contributed to the delays of development projects.  The closest Mongolia came to handing over the operations of state-owned Erdenes Tavan Tolgoi coking coal mine to a consortium of Mongolian Mining Corp, China Shenhua Energy and Sumitomo Corp was in 2015, before the parliament speaker stepped in to block the deal.  We would hope to see the new government advance the privatization of Tavan Tolgoi,  said Thomas Hugger CEO and a fund manager at Asia Frontier Capital. Mongolia s coal miners are looking to ramp up production to meet growing demand from China, but longstanding transportation issues continues to hold back sales.  Mongolia s proximity to China means it could play a large role in coal supply to China, said Hugger, if a key railway is built.   There s no reason Mongolia shouldn t be the largest supplier of coking and thermal coal to China.  ",1
18374,U.N. experts on women and children's rights decry Myanmar atrocities,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. committees for women s and children s rights called on Myanmar s authorities on Wednesday to immediately stop violence in northern Rakhine state, which hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims have fled in the past six weeks.   We are particularly worried about the fate of Rohingya women and children subject to serious violations of their human rights, including killings, rape and forced displacement,  the committees on the elimination of discrimination against women and on the rights of the child said in a statement.  Such violations may amount to crimes against humanity and we are deeply concerned at the state s failure to put an end to these shocking human rights violations being committed at the behest of the military and other security forces.   ",1
18375,Spain's King condemns Catalan leaders as thousands take to streets,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spain s King Felipe VI on Tuesday accused Catalan secessionist leaders of shattering democratic principles and dividing Catalan society, as thousands took to the streets to protest against a violent police crackdown against the banned independence referendum held on Sunday.  The televised speech, a rare intervention by the 49-year-old monarch who is normally silent on politics, was a sign of how deeply Spain has been shaken by the Catalan vote and a police crackdown that injured 900 people. On Tuesday tens of thousands of Catalans demonstrated in the streets of the northeastern region against action by the police who tried to disrupt Sunday s vote by firing rubber bullets and charging into crowds with truncheons. Tuesday s protests shut down road traffic, public transport and businesses. The referendum and its aftermath have plunged Spain into its worst constitutional crisis in decades, and are a political test for Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, a conservative who has taken a hard line stance on the issue.  Late Tuesday Catalonia s leader, Carles Puigdemont, told the BBC that the region will declare independence in a matter of days. Pro-independence parties who control the regional government staged Sunday s referendum in defiance of the Constitutional Court, which had ruled that the vote violated Spain s 1978 constitution which states the country is indivisible. Catalonia, Spain s richest region, has its own language and culture and a political movement for secession that has strengthened in recent years. Those who participated in Sunday s ballot voted overwhelmingly for independence, a result that was expected since residents who favor remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the referendum. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont has said the result is valid and must be implemented. Outside of Catalonia, Spaniards mostly hold strong views against its independence drive. In his televised address, the king said the  irresponsible behavior  of the Catalan leaders had undermined social harmony in the region.  Today Catalan society is fractured and in conflict,  he said.  They (the Catalan leaders) have infringed the system of legally approved rules with their decisions, showing an unacceptable disloyalty towards the powers of the state.  The king said the crown was strongly committed to the Spanish constitution and to democracy, and underlined his commitment to the unity and permanence of Spain. He had earlier met Rajoy to discuss the situation in Catalonia. Opinion polls conducted before the vote suggested a minority of around 40 percent of residents in the region backed independence. But a majority wanted a referendum to be held, and the violent police crackdown angered Catalans across the divide.  I m not in favor of independence, but I m against repression,  said Erwin, a 25-year-old pilot at one demonstration, wearing a Spanish flag. One of his companions was wearing the red-and-yellow striped Catalan flag. Several demonstrations unfolded across Catalonia on Tuesday. To the north of Barcelona, a line of tractors moved down a road blocked to traffic, accompanied by protesters chanting  Independence!  and  The streets will always be ours!  FC Barcelona, the city s football club, joined the strike, saying it would close for the day and none of its teams would train. Carmaker SEAT (VOWG_p.DE) was forced temporarily to shut a production line when a road closure cut supplies. Crowds gathered outside the local headquarters of Spain s ruling People s Party (PP) and the Spanish national police headquarters in Barcelona, whistling and waving the red-and-yellow regional flag.  What happened on Oct. 1 has fired up independence feeling that will never die,  said 18-year-old student Monica Ventinc, who attended a protest on Tuesday. On financial markets, Spain s 10-year borrowing costs hit their highest level in nearly three months as tensions between Madrid and Catalonia spilled on to the streets. ",1
18376,Spain's high court calls head of Catalan police to testify,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s High Court said on Wednesday it has called on the head of the Catalan police, Josep Lluis Trapero, to testify for the alleged crime of sedition in relation to arrests of high-ranking officials over the organization of a banned independence vote. High Court judge Carmen Lamela has also called on deputy police official Teresa Laplana and the heads of the independent groups Omnium Cultural and the ANC, Jordi Cuixart and Jordi Sanchez.  Spanish police raided Catalan government offices and arrested officials September 20 to halt a banned referendum on independence. ",1
18377,"Bomb blast in southeast Turkey kills four soldiers, wounds four: governor","DIYARBAKIR, Turkey (Reuters) - A bomb planted by Kurdish militants ripped into a military vehicle, killing four soldiers and wounding four more, as they traveled in southeast Turkey near the border with Iran on Wednesday morning, local authorities said. Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants were behind the  attack, which occurred in the Yuksekova district of Hakkari province, the provincial governor s office said in a statement. Security sources said a large number of armored vehicles were sent to the site of the blast. The governor s office said the wounded were being treated at a nearby hospital. More than 40,000 people have been killed since the PKK launched its separatist insurgency in 1984. It is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and European Union. The collapse of a peace process between the state and the PKK brought an end to a ceasefire in July 2015 and thousands have been killed in renewed fighting since then across mainly Kurdish southeast Turkey. ",1
18378,"Majority of Germans want Merkel's conservatives, FDP, Greens to form govt","BERLIN (Reuters) - More than half of Germans, 57 percent, want a three-way coalition between Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and Greens to govern their country, a Forsa survey for Stern magazine showed on Wednesday. Merkel s conservatives emerged from a Sept. 24 national election as the biggest party but in need of a partner or partners to form a government. A  Jamaica  coalition of the conservatives, FDP and Greens - so called because their black, yellow and green colors, which match those of the Jamaican flag - is untested at the national level but is shaping up to be the most likely option. The Social Democrats (SPD), junior partners in Merkel s ruling coalition for the last four years, want to go into opposition after suffering their worst result since 1933. Only 26 percent of Germans wanted a continuation of the  grand coalition  between conservatives and SPD, the survey of 1,003 people conducted between Sept. 28 and 29 showed. ",1
18379,"Trump, Japan PM Abe to hold phone talks Wednesday: source","TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will hold phone talks with U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday to convey his condolences after the mass shooting in Las Vegas and to discuss North Korea s weapons programs, a Japanese government source said.      Tensions have grown on the Korean peninsula since reclusive North Korea conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3, leading to a new round of United Nations sanctions. ",1
18380,Rohingya refugees scoff at Myanmar's assurances on going home,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Rohingya Muslims in Bangladesh were skeptical on Tuesday about their chances of ever going home to Myanmar, even though the government there has given an assurance it would accept people verified as refugees. More than half a million Rohingya have fled from a Myanmar military crackdown in Rakhine State launched in late August that has been denounced by the United Nations as ethnic cleansing. Myanmar denies ethnic cleansing, saying it is fighting Rohingya terrorists who have claimed attacks on the security forces. The government has said anyone verified as a refugee will be allowed to return under a process set up with Bangladesh in 1993. Bangladesh and Myanmar agreed on Monday to work on a repatriation plan, and a Myanmar government spokesman confirmed it would go along with it, provided people could verify their status with paperwork. But many refugees in camps in Bangladesh are scornful.  Everything was burned, even people were burned,  said a man who identified himself as Abdullah, dismissing the chances that people would have documents to prove a right to stay in Myanmar. At the root of the problem is the refusal by Buddhist-majority Myanmar to grant citizenship to members of a Muslim minority seen by a mostly unsympathetic, if not hostile, society as interlopers from Bangladesh. Though Myanmar has not granted Rohingya citizenship, under the 1993 procedure, it agreed to take back people who could prove they had been Myanmar residents. But a day after Bangladesh and Myanmar announced apparent progress, a Bangladeshi foreign ministry official appeared resigned to a difficult process.  This is still a long procedure,  said the official, who declined to be identified as he was not authorized to speak to media. There were already nearly 400,000 Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh before the latest exodus, but Myanmar had said it would only accept,  subject to verification , those who arrived after October 2016, when a military offensive in response to Rohingya insurgent attacks sent 87,000 Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh, the Bangladeshi official said.  We said that many Rohingya refugees have no documents, so this process should be flexible. Myanmar said they will decide who will get involved in the verification,  the official said, adding that Bangladesh wanted international agencies to be involved. Myanmar s government spokesman said under the 1993 pact, even a hospital record was enough to prove residency, but it was only Myanmar, not Bangladesh, that could verify  citizenship.  We have a policy for the repatriation process and we will go along with that,  the spokesman, Zaw Htay, told Reuters. But even if refugees have documents, many are wary about returning without an assurance of full citizenship, which they fear could leave them vulnerable to the persecution and curbs they have endured for years. Amina Katu, 60, laughed at the thought of returning.   If we go there, we ll just have to come back here,  she said.  If they give us our rights, we will go, but people did this before and they had to return.  Last month, Anwar Begum told Reuters she had fled from Myanmar three times. The first time was to escape a 1978 crackdown, and she returned the following year. She fled again in 1991 and returned in 1994.  I don t want to go back,  the 55-year-old added.  I don t believe the government. Every time the government agrees we can go back, then we re there and they break their promise.  Investigators appointed by government leader Aung San Suu Kyi and led by former U.N. secretary-general Kofi Annan recommended in August that Myanmar review a 1982 law that links citizenship and ethnicity and leaves most Rohingya stateless. U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi told a meeting in Geneva on Monday that the link between statelessness and displacement was nowhere more evident than with the Rohingya.  Denial of citizenship is a key aspect of the discrimination and exclusion that have shaped their plight,  he said. Grandi called for a two-track approach to tackle issues of citizenship and rights and inclusive development to stamp out poverty in Rakhine State. Separately, the U.N. refugee agency and Bangladesh authorities are working to contain an outbreak of diarrhoeal diseases in the camps, UNHCR spokesman Andrej Mahecic told a briefing in Geneva. Refugees are still crossing into Bangladesh, though at a slower rate, a spokesman for the International Organisation for Migration said. A Reuters photographer saw smoke plumes on the Myanmar side of the border but it was not clear what was alight. Rights groups say more than half of more than 400 Rohingya villages in the north of Rakhine State have been torched. Myanmar officials have said they have attempted to reassure groups of fleeing Rohingya but they could not stop people who were not citizens from leaving. ",1
18381,Mattis says will try to work with Pakistan 'one more time',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday the United States would try  one more time  to work with Pakistan in Afghanistan before President Donald Trump would turn to options to address Islamabad s alleged support for militant groups. Relations between the two countries have been frayed over the past decade. While officials have long questioned the role Pakistan has played in Afghanistan, the comments by Mattis are likely to cause concern in Islamabad and within the Pakistan military.  We need to try one more time to make this strategy work with them, by, with and through the Pakistanis, and if our best efforts fail, the president is prepared to take whatever steps are necessary,  Mattis said at a House Armed Services Committee hearing. Mattis added that he would be traveling to Islamabad soon, but did not give more details. Reuters first reported that possible Trump administration responses being discussed include expanding U.S. drone strikes and perhaps eventually downgrading Pakistan s status as a major non-NATO ally. When asked by a lawmaker whether revoking Pakistan s major non-NATO ally status was amongst the options being considered to deal with Islamabad, Mattis said:  I am sure it will be.  In a separate Senate hearing on Tuesday, the top U.S. military officer said he believed Pakistan s main spy agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) directorate, had ties to militant groups.  It is clear to me that the ISI has connections with terrorist groups,  Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the Senate Armed Services Committee. The Pakistan embassy in Washington said Islamabad had achieved success in counter-terrorism operations in its country.  However, unless the same level of success is achieved in (Afghanistan), long lasting peace in the region will remain out of reach,  the embassy said in a statement. The United States in 2012 designated the Pakistan-based Haqqani network as a terrorist organization. The year before, U.S. Navy Admiral Mike Mullen, then the top U.S. military officer, caused a stir when he told Congress that the Haqqani network was a  veritable arm  of the ISI directorate. U.S. officials have told Reuters that the United States will send about 3,500 additional troops to Afghanistan. Dunford said that the current cost for the United States in Afghanistan was about $12.5 billion a year, and the new strategy would cost an additional $1.1 billion. ",1
18382,Trump says Puerto Rico's debt will have to be wiped out,"(Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Tuesday while on a trip to Puerto Rico to observe hurricane recovery efforts that the island s massive debt will have to be wiped out.  They owe a lot of money to your friends on Wall Street and we re going to have to wipe that out. You re going to say goodbye to that, I don t know if it s Goldman Sachs but whoever it is you can wave goodbye to that,  Trump said in an interview with Fox News. Puerto Rico, which earlier this year filed the biggest bankruptcy in U.S. municipal history, is struggling to regain economic stability in the face of a $72 billion debt load and near-insolvent public health and pension systems. ",1
18383,White House to request $29 billion for hurricane relief,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House is preparing a $29 billion disaster aid request to send to the U.S. Congress after hurricanes hit Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida, a White House official said on Tuesday. The request is expected to come on Wednesday. It will combine nearly $13 billion in new relief for hurricane victims with $16 billion for the government-backed flood insurance program, the White House official told Reuters. The White House wants Congress to forgive $16 billion of the debt that the National Flood Insurance Program, which insures about 5 million homes and businesses, has racked up. The request comes as the program is close to running out of money, congressional aides said. The program had racked up nearly $25 billion in debt before this season s major hurricanes. The Trump administration is also proposing more than a dozen reforms including new means testing and an extreme-loss repetition provision, aides said. Some homes insured under the program have gotten payments repeatedly from the program after multiple storms. The flood insurance money is aimed primarily for areas impacted by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which struck Texas and Florida, aides said. Congressional aides say the National Flood Insurance Program is expected to run out of money the week of Oct. 23. The $12.77 billion in hurricane aid is expected to last through the end of the calendar year, administration officials said. They said earlier this week the government had about $10 billion on hand for disaster relief. The Trump administration is also seeking $576.5 million for wildfire suppression funding. Aides said the administration will acknowledge the need for a long-term fire borrowing fix and forestry management reforms, congressional aides said. ",1
18384,"Bombardier dispute risks Northern Irish peace, Ireland to tell U.S.","DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland s foreign minister will raise Dublin s concerns over the impact a trade dispute between the United States and Canada s Bombardier could have on Northern Ireland s peace process when he meets Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross this week. The U.S. government last week slapped a preliminary 220 percent tariff on the planemaker s CSeries jets, which are partly made in Northern Ireland, potentially risking 4,200 jobs in the British province.  Bombardier is Northern Ireland s largest manufacturing employer and its political leaders have warned Washington that the security of the economy in Britain s poorest region plays a crucial role in efforts to maintain peace. Three decades of bloodshed between Catholic Irish nationalists, who want the province to unite with Ireland, and Protestant unionists, who want to remain part of the United Kingdom, left 3,600 dead before peace was reached 20 years ago. Washington played a key role in helping to strike the 1998 Good Friday peace agreement, and the Irish foreign minister s intervention will add to pressure from Belfast and London, where Prime Minister Theresa May s minority government relies on the support of Northern Ireland s largest unionist party to govern.   I will be outlining to him (Ross) the Irish government s concern as to the potentially serious implications of a negative ruling for the Bombardier workforce in Belfast and for wider economic stability in Northern Ireland which is an essential support to the peace process,  Simon Coveney said in a statement ahead of his two-day trip to Washington. ",1
18385,Death toll in Puerto Rico from Hurricane Maria more than doubles to 34,"(Reuters) - The death toll in Puerto Rico from Hurricane Maria has more than doubled to 34, a spokesman for Governor Ricardo Rosello said on Tuesday. The worst hurricane to hit the U.S. territory in more than 90 years directly killed 19 people, said Pedro Cerame, the governor s director of communications in Washington. Just hours earlier when President Donald Trump visited the island to survey the damage the official death toll remained as it has for days at 16 dead. ",1
18386,Somali man charged in Canada attack was ordered deported from U.S.,"EDMONTON, Alberta (Reuters) - The Somali immigrant charged with attempted murder in connection with a weekend vehicle and knife attack in Edmonton, Alberta, was detained in the United States pending deportation before claiming refugee status in Canada, U.S. officials said on Tuesday. Abdulahi Hasan Sharif, 30, is accused of running down a police officer with his car on Saturday night and then stabbing him repeatedly. Police said he fled before driving a U-Haul truck into four pedestrians during an attempt to evade capture. Sharif was in custody in the United States for about four months in the summer and autumn of 2011, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) spokeswoman Lauren Mack said in a statement.  He was ordered deported to Somalia but released on an  order of supervision  on Nov. 23, 2011. Sharif did not appear for a scheduled meeting in January 2012, and efforts to locate him  were not successful,  the statement said. Sharif  had no known criminal history at the time of his encounters with ICE,  the ICE statement added. Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said Sharif made a refugee claim at a Canadian border crossing in 2012 and obtained refugee status later that year. In 2015, a complaint led police to probe Sharif s alleged extremist ideology, but officers found no grounds for criminal charges after what the Royal Canadian Mounted Police described as an  exhaustive investigation.  Goodale said on Monday it would be wrong to blame the attack on any shortcomings in Canada s immigration and refugee vetting system. Sharif, who faces 11 charges including five counts of attempted murder, appeared via video in an Edmonton court on Tuesday wearing an orange jail uniform. He had a Somali interpreter, although he did not speak. He occasionally looked down or clasped his hands in front of him and still bore facial bruises that police say he sustained while evading capture.  A community leader, Mahamad Accord, who did not speak to Sharif but learned about him from the local Somali community, said Sharif was from a Somali ethnic minority and little known in the community. Edmonton police did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  Sharif s lawyer, Chady Moustarah, said he had stepped in on short notice to help someone without representation but that the accused would have to find another lawyer going forward. Sharif remains in custody until his  next court appearance, scheduled for Nov. 14. ",1
18387,UK Prince Charles's tour of southeast Asia leaves out Myanmar,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Prince Charles will tour southeast Asia and India later this month, but the heir to the throne will not visit Myanmar, after a spate of violence and allegations that authorities are carrying out ethnic cleansing. Media reports last month said an official visit to Myanmar was being suggested for the trip, which the prince is undertaking on behalf of the British government, and aides acknowledged it had been considered as part of the schedule. But it was omitted from the final program issued on Wednesday. Charles and his wife Camilla will travel to Singapore, Malaysia and then to India where he will meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi.      We looked at a range of options in the region and, as we re announcing today, we re going ahead with the visit to Singapore and Malaysia,  Philip Malone, Deputy Head of Department at Britain s Foreign and Commonwealth Office, told reporters. Malone and royal aides declined to elaborate. More than 500,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled from Myanmar to Bangladesh in the past month since insurgents attacked security posts near the border, triggering fierce military retaliation that the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing. Last month Britain suspended its training program for the military in Myanmar because of the violence, and diplomatic relations have deteriorated. Rights campaigners had argued against a royal visit.  To have someone of Prince Charles s stature go to visit the country would be seen as a reward, and giving legitimacy to the government and the military that are currently violating international law,  said Mark Farmaner, director of Burma Campaign UK. Charles and Camilla will begin their tour in Singapore on Oct. 31 before going to Malaysia, where they will celebrate 60 years of diplomatic ties since the former British colony became independent, before concluding the 11-day tour in India.  ",1
18388,"U.S. expels 15 Cuban diplomats, fuelling tensions with Havana","WASHINGTON/HAVANA (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Tuesday expelled 15 Cuban diplomats to protest Cuba s failure to protect staff at the U.S. embassy in Havana from a mysterious spate of health  attacks,  spurring new tensions between the former Cold War foes. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the expulsions from Cuba s embassy in Washington were also intended to ensure  equity  in staffing levels, after he recalled more than half the U.S. diplomatic personnel in Havana on Friday. Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez denounced the decision as  unjustified,  accused the United States of insufficient cooperation with Cuba s investigation of the health incidents and urged Washington to stop politicizing the matter. The steps taken by Republican President Donald Trump s administration delivers another blow to his Democratic predecessor Barack Obama s policy of rapprochement, including actions likely to erode the normalization of a relationship dominated for decades by mutual hostility and suspicion. The latest U.S. move was communicated to Cuban Ambassador Jose Ramon Cabanas on Tuesday, and the diplomats were given seven days to leave, a State Department official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.  Until the Government of Cuba can ensure the safety of our diplomats in Cuba, our embassy will be reduced to emergency personnel to minimize the number of diplomats at risk of exposure to harm,  Tillerson said in a statement.  We continue to maintain diplomatic relations with Cuba, and will continue to cooperate with Cuba as we pursue the investigation into these attacks,  he added. The United States announced on Friday that it was sharply reducing its diplomatic presence in Cuba, as it warned U.S. citizens not to visit the Communist-ruled island because of the alleged attacks it says have caused hearing loss, dizziness and fatigue in 22 U.S. embassy personnel. The State Department had said the embassy was halting regular visa operations for Cubans seeking to visit the United States and would offer only emergency services to U.S. citizens. Cuba has denied involvement in any attacks and says it has reinforced security for U.S. diplomatic personnel. Rodriguez said lack of U.S. cooperation had stymied its own investigation into the matter. Authorities had not provided access to the injured people and the doctors who examined them, or to the homes where the attacks allegedly took place, he said, adding that evidence had been delivered late.  Rodriguez urged the United States to cooperate more and said Cuba was also working with Canada on the investigation as Canadian diplomats have reported similar symptoms. So far, none of the probes have yielded any answers about how the alleged attacks were carried out or who was responsible. Several Cuban-American Republican lawmakers, including U.S Senator Marco Rubio and Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, had urged that Cuban diplomats be kicked out in retaliation for the Cuban government s failure to get to the bottom of the attacks.  I commend the U.S. State Department for expelling a number of Cuban operatives from the U.S.,  Rubio, an influential voice on Trump s Cuba policy, said in a statement. But James Williams, president of Engage Cuba, a Washington-based pro-engagement lobbying group said:  This decision appears to be purely political, driven by the desire of a handful of individuals in Congress to halt progress between our two countries.   It looks like we are returning the threats and tensions of the 1960s,  said Maria Fernandez, a 45-year-old office worker in Havana.  This is madness by Trump. It s really sad, because we are so close, and yet so far away from a sincere rapprochement.  Trump, who in June vowed to partially roll back the detente with Cuba agreed by his Democratic predecessor Obama after five decades of hostility, called the Cuban government  corrupt and destabilizing  in his address to the United Nations last month. Cuba described his comments as  unacceptable and meddling.  Rodriguez urged the United States  not to continue politicizing this matter, which can provoke an undesirable escalation and could rarify and reverse even more bilateral relations.  In Havana, U.S. diplomats frantically selling off their belongings at garage sales and on social media, said they were disappointed to be ordered to leave. In a message on Facebook, the embassy s top official, career diplomat Scott Hamilton, said he would also be leaving.  I am an optimist and hope we will return one day, before too long,  he wrote.  Hasta la proxima Cuba.  ",1
18389,Defense Secretary Mattis suggests sticking with Iran nuclear deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday the United States should consider staying in the Iran nuclear deal unless it were proven that Tehran was not abiding by the agreement or that it was not in the U.S. national interest to do so. Although Mattis said he supported President Donald Trump s review of the agreement curbing Iran s nuclear program, the defense secretary s view was far more positive than that of Trump, who has called the deal agreed between Iran and six world powers in 2015 an  embarrassment.  Trump is weighing whether the pact serves U.S. security interests as he faces an Oct. 15 deadline for certifying that Iran is complying, a decision that could sink an agreement strongly supported by the other world powers that negotiated it.  If we can confirm that Iran is living by the agreement, if we can determine that this is in our best interest, then clearly we should stay with it,  Mattis told a Senate hearing.  I believe ..., absent indications to the contrary, it is something that the president should consider staying with,  Mattis added. Earlier, when Mattis was asked whether he thought staying in the deal was in the U.S. national security interest, he replied:  Yes, senator, I do.  The White House had no immediate comment on Mattis  remarks, which once again highlighted the range of views on major policy issues within the Trump administration. If Trump does not recertify by Oct. 15 that Iran is in compliance, congressional leaders would have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions on Tehran suspended under the accord. That would let Congress, controlled by Trump s fellow Republicans, effectively decide whether to kill the deal. Although congressional leaders have declined to say whether they would seek to reimpose sanctions, Republican lawmakers were united in their opposition to the agreement reached by Democratic former President Barack Obama. Senator Tom Cotton, a long-time skeptic about the Iran deal, backed decertification in order to threaten Iran with more sanctions or military action.  One thing I learned in the Army is that when you have your opponent on his knees, you drive him to the ground and choke him out,  Cotton said in a speech on Tuesday to the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington. In a House of Representatives hearing on Tuesday, Mattis said Iran was  fundamentally  in compliance with the nuclear deal.  There have been certainly some areas where they were not temporarily in that regard, but overall our intelligence community believes that they have been compliant and the IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency) also says so,  Mattis said. Last month, Iran s President Hassan Rouhani said the accord cannot be renegotiated. Trump has said he has made a decision on what to do about the agreement but has not said what he has decided. The prospect of Washington reneging on the agreement has worried some U.S. partners that helped negotiate it, especially as the world grapples with North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missile development. Backers of the pact say its collapse could trigger a regional arms race, worsen Middle East tensions and discourage countries like North Korea from trusting Washington to keep its word.  The deal was signed by Britain, China, the European Union, France, Germany, Iran, Russia and the United States. White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster has defended Trump s criticism of the nuclear agreement, saying it had the  fatal flaw  of a  sunset clause,  under which some restrictions on Iran s nuclear program expire from 2025. European ambassadors speaking in Washington last week said they would do everything possible to protect companies based in Europe and that continue to do business with Iran from reimposed U.S. sanctions. French Ambassador Gerard Araud noted that the other countries that signed the pact had made clear they do not support renegotiating it. J Street, a liberal pro-Israel group, said Trump did not have legitimate grounds to decertify the deal.  If he chooses to do so anyway, he will be acting purely based on divisive politics and dangerous ideology, and endangering the security of the U.S. and our allies,  Dylan Williams, vice president of government affairs for the group, said in a statement. ",1
18390,White House finalizing $29 billion request for disaster aid: AP,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration is finalizing a $29 billion disaster aid request after hurricanes hit Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida, the Associated Press reported on Tuesday, citing a senior administration official and congressional aides. The request, which could come as early as Wednesday, combines $16 billion for the government-backed flood insurance program and almost $13 billion in new relief for hurricane victims, AP said. ",1
18391,Saudi Arabia names Nabeel al-Amudi transport minister,"KHOBAR, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has appointed Nabeel al-Amudi, the head of the Saudi Ports Authority as transport minister, state TV reported on Wednesday, citing a royal decree. Amudi replaces Sulaiman al-Hamdan, who has been named as  the minister for civil service. Prior to being the president of the Saudi Ports Authority, Amudi held various posts at state oil giant Saudi Aramco. ",1
18392,France to lead investigation into A380 engine explosion,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s air accident investigation agency said on Tuesday it would lead the probe into an engine explosion that prompted the emergency landing of an Air France A380 superjumbo in Canada with over 500 people on board on Saturday. Reuters reported on Monday that Canada, France and the United States were debating who should lead the investigation into the accident, which took place high over Greenland. The decision to hand control to the BEA means investigators can begin planning an unusual search in potentially inhospitable terrain to find a missing 3-metre-(9.8-foot)-wide fan that ripped off the engine in midair. Nobody was injured in the incident, in which Air France Flight 66, originating in Paris and bound for Los Angeles, declared a mayday and diverted to Goose Bay in Labrador. The BEA confirmed that the engine s main fan and inlet had become detached. It now plans with Danish help to search for the missing parts.  That s what is envisaged, but it depends on snow conditions,  a BEA spokesman said. A preliminary reading of the plane s data recorder in Canada has identified a search area. The BEA said damage was limited to the right-outer no.4 engine and its immediate surroundings, boosting chances that the aircraft can be flown back to Europe for further examination. The A380 is the world s largest airliner and a European icon with a history of attracting debate because of its high public profile, and the start of the probe appeared to be no exception. Under aviation law, the job of investigating belongs to Denmark since the blowout happened over Greenland, which is part of Denmark with self-government over domestic affairs. With three other major aviation nations involved, each equipped with sophisticated testing equipment, Denmark exercised its right to delegate the main role. But people briefed on the talks said it took days to agree who should take its place. Canada was seen as keen to keep control of the case, but aviation experts said France had priority because that was where the plane was built, designed, registered and operated. Canadian investigators will remain involved along with counterparts from the United States, France and Denmark, whose expertise is needed to track down the missing fan. They will be helped by Airbus and U.S. engine maker Engine Alliance, co-owned by General Electric and Pratt & Whitney. Experts say such engine accidents are rare but must be investigated thoroughly because of the significant damage they can cause. In 2010, a Qantas A380 made an emergency landing in Singapore after a Rolls-Royce engine exploded shortly after take-off. Investigators blamed a badly manufactured part. ",1
18393,"Storms to challenge Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands' credit quality: Moody's","(Reuters) - Moody s Investors Service said on Tuesday that Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands will face new challenges to credit quality and finances after the U.S. territories were battered by hurricanes Irma and Maria. Both territories will be heavily reliant on relief from the U.S. federal government, as they were hit by storms at a time when they were already suffering financial distress, Moody s said. Puerto Rico is undergoing a debt restructuring under federal oversight and the U.S. Virgin Islands has extremely weak liquidity. Moody s Analytics  preliminary estimate of Maria s total cost to Puerto Rico, including lost output, is $45 billion to $95 billion, representing about 65-135 percent of the territory s gross national product. ",1
18394,Puigdemont says Catalonia to declare independence in 'matter of days': BBC,"(Reuters) - Catalonia will declare independence  in a matter of days , the region s secessionist leader Carles Puigdemont was quoted as telling the BBC, a move that would defy Madrid and attempt to implement the directive of Sunday s banned independence referendum. Puigdemont said that his government would ""act at the end of this week or the beginning of next"", according to an interview with the BBC on Tuesday. (bbc.in/2fHFQJx) When asked by the BBC what Puigdemont would do if the Spanish government were to intervene and take control of Catalonia's government, he said it would be ""an error which changes everything"". (bbc.in/2fHFQJx) The regional leader opened the door to a unilateral declaration of independence from Spain on Sunday after voters defied a violent police crackdown and, according to regional officials, voted 90 percent in favor of breaking away. The referendum, declared illegal by Spain s central government, has thrown the country into its worst constitutional crisis in decades and raised fears of street violence as a test of will between Madrid and Barcelona plays out.         ",1
18395,Greece overcomes forestry setback to develop Athens coastal resort,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece has won an appeal over objections from forestry officials to a major tourism project in Athens that forms part of its third international bailout, overcoming one of the obstacles to turning the site into one of Europe s biggest coastal resorts. The 8 billion euro ($9.39 billion) project to develop the disused Hellenikon airport site is being closely watched by Greece s European Union and International Monetary Fund lenders and potential investors in the crisis-hit country.  The project features prominently among privatization targets in the country s 86 billion euro aid package, the third since the crisis began in 2010. Greek developer Lamda signed a 99-year lease with the state in 2014 for the 620-hectare (1,530-acre) area, once the site of Athens airport. But the project has faced delays, partly over a long-running row between developers and those who fear it will destroy the environment. Forestry authorities in May declared 3.7 hectares (9 acres) of the estate as protected woodland, on a spot developers said was integral to the project. Greece s privatization agency, which is in charge of concluding the deal with Lamda, appealed the decision. A four-member panel of the country s forestry department ruled on Monday that the plot was not forest.  The agency s appeal ... was upheld by a 3-to-2 majority,  the committee s president, Christos Antonellis, told Reuters, adding that the decision was expected to be published by Wednesday. The decision is subject to appeal.   The privatization agency s chief, Lila Tsitsogiannopoulou, said the decision was  positive  and that the agency s appeal had strong legal grounds. Separately, the government s top advisory body on the protection of antiquities recommended on Tuesday that only 30 hectares (74 acres) of the 620-hectare plot under the project be declared an archaeological site, according to sources close to the process. Government officials said the decision was a  big step for the development of the investment, in line with Greek law and the protection of cultural heritage . Lamda was not immediately available for comment. The recommendation is not binding, but the culture ministry always respects the body s decisions. Backed by Chinese and Gulf investors, Lamda submitted its detailed development plan for Hellenikon in July.    The Central Archaeological Council was still discussing the issue and had yet to approve the investment plan, one of the sources said. The council has held three inconclusive meetings on this issue this month. [L8N1M7372] The Hellenikon project has become a major political issue in Greece, which is slowly emerging from a multi-year debt crisis.  Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, whose leftist party strongly opposed it before coming to power in 2015, is now seen as keen to implement the deal to help boost economic activity and reduce unemployment, the euro zone s highest.  ($1 = 0.8522 euro) ",1
18396,"Trying to reset agenda, UK's May sets out to tackle social injustice","MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May set out her quest to tackle social and racial injustice on Tuesday, hoping to shift the focus of her Conservative party s annual conference away from rifts over Britain s exit from the European Union and her leadership. After a bruising start to the party s annual meeting in the city of Manchester, May will try to reset the agenda after remarks on Brexit policy by foreign minister Boris Johnson that deepened divisions in her top team of advisers. She said an audit will be published on Oct. 10 spelling out the  uncomfortable truths  of life in Britain, showing how people of different racial backgrounds are treated in the health, education, employment and the criminal justice system. Her ministers will also announce policies to try to prove critics wrong and show that her government is working, including measures to toughen sentences of people streaming or browsing extremist material, and to increase nurse training.  In doing this ground-breaking work we are holding a mirror up to our society,  May said in a statement.  My most fundamental political belief is that how far you go in life should be based on your talent and how hard you work - and nothing else.  But in early morning broadcast interviews, May was repeatedly asked about her relationship with Johnson after he set out four personal red lines for the Brexit negotiations to unravel more than 40 years of union.  I don t set red lines,  May told BBC television, describing her cabinet of top ministers as united over Brexit.  Leadership is about ensuring that you have a team of people who aren t yes men, but a team of people of different voices around the table so that we can discuss matters, come to an agreement and then put that government view forward, and that is exactly what we ve done.  May promised to build a  country that works for everyone, not just the privileged few  when she became prime minister just over a year ago after Britons voted narrowly to leave the EU and her predecessor David Cameron stepped down. But she has had to shelve many of her domestic policies - such as social care and corporate reforms - since losing the Conservatives  majority in parliament in a June election. That setback has undermined the party s confidence in her ability to lead it into the next election, due in 2022. The preliminary findings of the audit showed that the unemployment rate for black, Asian and minority ethnic people of working age is nearly double that for white groups, while more than nine in 10 headteachers are white, the government said. The findings, the government says, can help better target training and mentoring programs.  The idea itself is not new,  May said.  Charles Booth s maps of rich and poor areas in Victorian London drew attention to hardship that was too often hidden   but this focus on how ethnicity affects people s lives will present findings that are uncomfortable.  ",1
18397,Draft U.N. blacklist names Saudi coalition for killing children in Yemen,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A confidential draft United Nations blacklist seen by Reuters on Tuesday names a Saudi Arabia-led military coalition for killing and maiming children in Yemen, though it notes that the alliance has put in place measures to improve child protection. In an effort to dampen controversy surrounding the annual children and armed conflict report, the draft blacklist - contained in an annex to the full report - is split into  listed parties that have put in place measures during the reporting period to improve the protection of children  and those which have not.   In Yemen, the coalition s actions objectively led to the listing for the killing and maiming of children, with 683 child casualties attributed to this party, and, as a result of being responsible for 38 verified incidents, for attacks on schools and hospitals during 2016,  according to a draft explanation of the blacklist seen by Reuters.   The coalition is included in section B of Annex I, as it has put in place measures during the reporting period aimed at improving the protection of children,  the draft said. The draft U.N. annex blacklists the Houthis, Yemen government forces, pro-government militia and Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula for violations against children in 2016 as it did in last year s report covering violations in 2015.   The draft report has to be approved by U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres and is subject to change. It is due to be submitted to the U.N. Security Council this month, and the 15-member body is to discuss the report on Oct. 31.  The Saudi U.N. ambassador, Abdallah Al-Mouallimi, declined to comment until the report is officially issued. In August, the Saudi U.N. mission said there was  no justification whatsoever  for including the coalition on the blacklist.  U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said the United Nations does not comment on leaked documents.  The coalition was briefly added to the blacklist last year and then removed by then-U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon pending review. At the time, Ban accused Saudi Arabia of exerting  unacceptable  undue pressure after sources told Reuters that Riyadh threatened to cut its U.N. funding. Saudi Arabia denied threatening Ban. The report - produced by U.N. children and armed conflict envoy Virginia Gamba and issued in Guterres  name - does not subject those listed to any U.N. action, but rather shames parties to conflicts in the hope of pushing them to implement measures to protect children. The Saudi-led coalition began a military campaign in Yemen in March 2015 with the aim of preventing Iran-allied Houthi rebels and forces loyal to Yemen s ex-President Ali Abdullah Saleh from taking power. An earlier draft of the latest annual report, which covers 2016 and was seen by Reuters in August, said that of the 683 child casualties blamed on the Saudi-led coalition, about half of those were killed and the rest injured.   That earlier draft said the Houthi rebels and affiliated forces were responsible for nearly a third of the total 1,340 child casualties verified by the United Nations.  The annual children and armed conflict report is produced at the request of the U.N. Security Council. In 2015 the United Nations left Israel and the Palestinian militant group Hamas off the blacklist, after they had been included in an earlier draft, but criticized Israel over its 2014 military operations. Separately, the Geneva-based U.N. Human Rights Council agreed on Friday to set up a panel to examine all alleged human rights violations committed in Yemen s war and identify those responsible. U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein had long-pleaded with the 47-member Human Rights Council to launch an independent investigation into the war, which has killed thousands, ruined the economy and pushed millions to the brink of famine. ",1
18398,Boris Johnson gives PM May advice on Brexit while parading loyalty,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson offered Theresa May unsolicited public advice about how to make Brexit a success on Tuesday, delicately testing the extent of the prime minister s weakened authority while pledging overt loyalty. Alongside public proclamations of backing for May, he used media articles and interviews ahead of the Conservative Party Conference in Manchester to offer up his own vision of a bold Brexit. After praising May for winning a snap June election which lost her party its majority in parliament, Johnson used his main speech to say that her top ministers were united behind  every syllable  of her Brexit plans set out last month in Florence.  The whole country owes her a debt for her steadfastness in taking Britain forward, as she will, to a great Brexit deal, based on that Florence speech on whose every syllable, I can tell you, the whole cabinet is united,  Johnson said. Just hours later, though, the man who led the main  leave  campaign in the 2016 referendum on Britain s EU membership told activists at a separate event that there was far too much gloom surrounding Brexit. He then sketched out his own views on how Britain s exit would look and how Britain might need different regulations on everything from data to bioscience.  I campaigned on a slogan of...  Take Back Control .... I think that s what the prime minister also believes in very strongly,  Johnson told the gathering.   If you re going to do this, do it well. Do it in such a way as to get a great result for the UK,  he said.  We want an arrangement that means we are not just locked in strict rotational orbit around the EU.  Johnson, widely regarded in Britain as concealing a fierce political ambition behind a clownish exterior, has overshadowed the party conference which May had hoped to use to claw back some authority after her election gamble went so wrong. Arriving with his trademark blonde hair tousled and rummaging through a suit jacket pocket, Boris enthused Conservative members but was careful to make no explicit pitch to replace May. Ahead of Johnson s speech, May had repeatedly faced questions from reporters about whether she would sack Johnson after he appeared to undermine her Brexit strategy by setting out his own vision. She has sidestepped those questions. The European Parliament savaged the British government s handling of Brexit negotiations on Tuesday, voting against opening talks yet on future trade and condemning disarray in May s team. A German ally of conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel, Manfred Weber, said British cabinet in-fighting was putting a deal at risk and called on May to sack Johnson. But Johnson also provided a rare spark in Manchester where Conservative ministers lined up to cast the opposition Labour Party as dangerous Marxists while failing to offer any striking new policies.  To me, that was real leadership: motivating, inspirational. What s a good leader? It s somebody who can do that,  said Vanessa Churchman a local government official from the Isle of Wight in the south of England.  Everybody who goes away from here will feel inspired.  At previous party conferences, Boris, as he is widely known in Britain, also repeatedly upstaged then-prime minister David Cameron, though after the referendum sank Cameron s career, Johnson dropped out of the race to be leader when a colleague broke a pact to back him. While Johnson is popular with party members, many Conservative lawmakers are angry that he has overshadowed May with what they say were unhelpful and disloyal interventions. May, the staid daughter of a vicar, has a presentational style that is in many ways the polar opposite of Johnson s swashbuckling on-stage persona. She is due to close the conference on Wednesday. ",1
18399,"EU parliament mauls UK's Brexit progress, May urged to 'sack Boris'","STRASBOURG (Reuters) - The European Parliament savaged the British government s handling of Brexit negotiations on Tuesday, voting against opening talks on future trade and condemning disarray in Prime Minister Theresa May s team. The leader of the European Union legislature s biggest party, a German ally of conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel, said cabinet in-fighting was putting a deal at risk and called on May to get rid of her own foreign secretary, Boris Johnson.  Please sack Johnson,  said Manfred Weber, a leading figure in the assembly, which must approve any deal struck by EU negotiator Michel Barnier before Britain leaves in March 2019. Opening the debate in Strasbourg, Barnier and EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker repeated their view that a fourth round of negotiations last week did not produce enough agreement for the EU to yield to May s demands for immediate talks on a free trade deal and a transition to it after Brexit. Juncker last week said it would take  miracles  for talks next week to unblock a move to a new phase by the end of this month, let alone in time for EU national leaders to approve such a shift when they meet for a summit on Oct. 19-20. The test the EU has set is to make  sufficient progress    which it has not defined   on agreeing rights for EU citizens in Britain after Brexit, border arrangements with Ireland and how much London will pay Brussels on its departure. Echoing Barnier, Parliament called on EU leaders by 557 votes to 92 to delay making a decision on that progress  unless there is a major breakthrough in line with this resolution in all three areas during the fifth negotiation round . May won some approval for pledging, in a Sept. 22 speech in Florence, to strengthen legal guarantees for expatriates and to pay into the EU budget during a two-year post-Brexit transition.  But critics pointed to London s refusal to let the European Court of Justice be the ultimate arbiter on rights or to commit to paying substantial sums due beyond 2020. Many were critical of conflicting signals from May, Johnson and others on where negotiating  red lines  lie for Britain.  Who shall I call in London? Theresa May, Boris Johnson, or even David Davis?  Weber asked, describing May s Conservative government as  trapped by their own party quarrels .  Please no more speeches,  he urged her on a day when Johnson, a Brexit campaigner and potential May challenger, was to speak at the party conference.  Show leadership on content. And the best probably would be, please sack Johnson.  Guy Verhofstadt, the liberal leader and Parliament s Brexit point man, urged May to offer  clarity  in her conference speech on Wednesday. But critics of the EU s approach were also vocal.  Hans-Olaf Henkel, a German industrialist who sits with the British Conservatives, called on Verhofstadt to drop his  arrogance , on Barnier to stop seeming to want to  punish  Britain   and on Johnson to stop  stirring things up . Nigel Farage, who led the UK Independence Party to victory in last year s Brexit referendum but saw its vote slashed in the June election, described May s Florence speech as a  pitiful  attempt to  appease  a  bully  and said she should resign.  She s a waste of space. She needs to go,  Farage said. A new prime minister should call Europe s bluff, he said, and walk out of the EU without a deal if Barnier refused to settle. ",1
18400,Russia threatens retaliation over U.S. 'break-in' at consulate,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Foreign Ministry said U.S. officials had broken into residences at Russia s consulate in San Francisco, and threatened retaliation over what it called an illegal act. Russian staff left the consulate last month, after Washington ordered Moscow to vacate some of its diplomatic properties, part of a series of tit-for-tat actions during a thorny phase in bilateral relations. Since then, U.S. officials had occupied administrative parts of the compound, but on Monday they entered residential areas that the departing staff had locked, the ministry said in a statement late on Monday.   Despite our warnings, the U.S. authorities did not listen to reason and did not give up their illegal intentions,  it said.  We reserve the right to respond. The principle of reciprocity has always been and remains the cornerstone of diplomacy.   Footage aired repeatedly on Russian state television showed what the broadcaster said were U.S. officials breaking locks that had sealed off parts of the compound and entering the buildings. The  intruders  had taken over the whole premises including the consul general s residence, the ministry said.  Therefore, we understand that Americans, breaking into our diplomatic buildings, have de facto agreed that their missions in Russia may be treated likewise.  A State Department spokeswoman denied on Tuesday that U.S. officials had broken into the residences, saying diplomatic security and representatives of the department s Foreign Missions Office had walked through the spaces to ensure they had been vacated by an Oct. 1 deadline. Spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the United States had  graciously  given the Russian government more time to leave the buildings after discovering they had families and individuals  living in this sort of office-type space.   Once we learned that, we then offered them extra time there to pack up their items and leave,  Nauert said.  So we permitted them living in the apartments until Oct. 1. And their time was up.  We did not break locks. No FBI (was) involved,  she added.  This is diplomatic security along with the Foreign Missions Office. What they do is they just walk through, look around. The purpose of that is to make sure that people are no longer living there. And they conducted and they completed it.  In San Francisco, a Department of State Diplomatic Security guard answered the door at the Russian consulate, a six-storey brick building surrounded by a modest security fence and manicured hedges in the city s Pacific Heights neighborhood. The guard declined to comment and left the building in a black SUV. A sign on the front door said the consulate was closed and gave a new mailing address. The State Department guard left the consulate front door open, behind a closed gate, and sounds of activity could be heard inside, but no one responded to repeated calls by a reporter. Russian President Vladimir Putin last month accused Washington of  boorish  treatment of Russia s diplomatic premises on U.S. soil, ordering the Foreign Ministry to take legal action over alleged violations of Russia s property rights. The dispute began late last year when former U.S. president Barack Obama expelled 35 Russian diplomats on accusations of Russian meddling in the election that took Donald Trump to the White House. Trump took office in January, saying he wanted to improve ties with Russia, while Putin also spoke favorably of Trump. But the allegations of interference in the vote, which Moscow has denied, have persisted as an investigation by U.S. authorities has widened.  In July, Moscow ordered the United States to cut the number of its diplomatic and technical staff working in Russia by around 60 percent, to 455. ",1
18401,France backs tough anti-terrorism bill after wave of attacks,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s parliament adopted an anti-terrorism bill on Tuesday that will bolster police surveillance powers and make it easier to close mosques suspected of preaching hatred, but rights groups warned it would lead to civil freedoms being infringed.  Before the vote, Interior Minister Gerard Collomb described France as being  still in a state of war  as authorities struggle to deal with the threat posed by foreign jihadists and homegrown militants.  More than 240 people have been killed in France in attacks since 2015 by assailants who pledged allegiance to, or were inspired by, Islamic State. In the latest attack on Sunday, a man cried Allahu Akbar   God is Greatest   before fatally stabbing two women outside the rail station in Marseille. Legislators in the lower house adopted the bill by a margin of 415 to 127.  Lawmakers realize that today s threat is serious and that we must protect ourselves against terrorists. This must be done in a way that balances security and freedom,  Collomb told reporters after the vote.  This text will help protect French people.  Emergency powers in place since November 2015, when Islamist suicide bombers and gunmen carried out attacks in Paris that killed 130 people, have played a significant role in enabling intelligence agencies to disrupt plots, the government says. The new legislation would see many of those emergency powers enshrined in law, with limited oversight from the judiciary.  The interior ministry, without approval from a judge, will be able to set up security zones when there is a threat, restricting the movement of people and vehicles in and out and with power to carry out searches inside the area.  It will have more power to shut down mosques and other places of worship, if intelligence agencies believe religious leaders are inciting violence in France or abroad or justifying acts of terrorism.  Police will also have greater powers to raid private property, if they have judicial approval, and there will be an increased ability to impose restrictions on people s movements, including via electronic surveillance tags, if they are regarded as a threat to national security. A parliamentary commission will now seek compromise on amendments put forward by the Senate and Assembly before a second reading and definitive vote, expected in mid-October. President Emmanuel Macron, painted by rivals as weak on security during his election campaign, has already acted to bolster counter-terrorism efforts, creating a task force in June to improve coordination among France s multiple intelligence agencies. The anti-terrorism bill has met little resistance from the public, with people still on edge after the series of Islamist-related attacks and smaller incidents that have followed. But rights campaigners say it will curb civil liberties.  France has become so addicted to the state of emergency that it is now injecting several of these abusive measures into ordinary law,  Human Rights Watch said in a statement.  It added that French parliament members had chosen the politics of fear over the protection of hard-won civil liberties and urged parliament and the judiciary to closely monitor how the government uses its new power.  Nonetheless, some conservative opponents of Macron say the draft legislation, which is not as all-encompassing as the state of emergency currently allows, does not go far enough.  We need to rearm the state,  right-wing lawmaker Eric Ciotti said in a radio interview before the vote. He called for authorities to have greater powers to expel foreigners who threaten public safety.  ",1
18402,Trump says Puerto Rico has thrown budget 'out of whack',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump praised federal officials and the governor of Puerto Rico during a visit to the territory in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, but jokingly chastised the island for jeopardizing budget resources.  I hate to tell you Puerto Rico, but you ve thrown our budget a little out of whack,  said Trump as he introduced his budget director Mick Mulvaney. ",1
18403,House Speaker Ryan expects more emergency relief for hurricanes: Fox,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. House of Representative Speaker Paul Ryan said in an interview with Fox News on Tuesday that he expects to hear from the Trump administration about getting more relief to help Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida recover from Hurricanes Irma and Maria.  We re expecting to hear from the administration as early as tomorrow perhaps, maybe Thursday, for more relief for hurricanes for Puerto Rico, for Florida, for Texas,  Ryan said.  These hurricanes were exceptional and that means we re going to have to have more response to fill the FEMA accounts and some other accounts.   ",1
18404,Sen. McConnell says expects Puerto Rico funding request by mid-October,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday he expects a funding request from the Trump administration for disaster relief for Puerto Rico by mid-October. McConnell told reporters he met with the island territory s representatives on Tuesday and discussed Puerto Rico s needs after Hurricane Maria. ,1
18405,Democratic Senator Schumer to Trump: Stop blaming Puerto Ricans,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer, reacting to President Donald Trump s comment that Puerto Rico had thrown the U.S. budget  out of whack,  said on Tuesday Trump should stop blaming Puerto Ricans for the hurricane that devastated the island.  Mr. President, stop the blame game. Start making the situation better. That s your job,  Schumer told reporters. ",1
18406,Cuba decries U.S. expulsion of 15 diplomats,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba s Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez angrily protested the expulsion of 15 diplomats from the Cuban embassy in Washington on Tuesday, calling it  unjustified.  U.S.-Cuba tensions rising, in the wake of what the United States has described as  attacks  affecting the health of American personnel in Cuba, Rodriguez told reporters in Havana that Washington had failed to provide sufficient information for an investigation into the matter. ",1
18407,U.S. denies breaking into Russian diplomatic apartments in San Francisco,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department denied Russian assertions on Tuesday that U.S. officials had broken into residences at the Russian consulate in San Francisco, saying security officers had merely checked to ensure the building had been vacated by a required deadline. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the United States had given Russian families living at the consulate an extended deadline of Oct. 1 to vacate the residences. The move was part of an ongoing spat between the two countries. Nauert said State Department diplomatic security and representatives from the Foreign Missions Office then entered the area to  just walk through, look around. The purpose of that is to make sure that people are no longer living there.     ",1
18408,Dutch defense minister resigns over peacekeepers' deaths in Mali,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch caretaker Defence Minister Jeanine Hennis said on Tuesday she was resigning after a report highlighted serious failures by her department during a United Nations peacekeeping mission in Mali. The Safety Board last week issued its findings about an incident on June 6, 2016, when a mortar killed two soldiers and gravely injured a third. It concluded that the ministry had let safety and medical standards slip in favor of pursuing strategic goals. Hennis announced her resignation during a parliamentary debate just days before the caretaker government is due to be replaced by a new coalition under Prime Minister Mark Rutte. Hennis said General Tom Middendorp, head of the armed forces of the Netherlands, would also resign in response to the Saftey Board s harsh finding. The Dutch, who initially provided Apache helicopter squadrons to the Mali peacekeeping mission, are winding down their contribution, with troop numbers expected to drop to roughly 300 this year. ",1
18409,Spain's King Felipe says committed to Spanish unity amid Catalan crisis,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s King Felipe VI said on Tuesday he was committed to the unity of Spain as he accused Catalan leaders, who staged a banned independence referendum on Sunday, of shattering democratic principles and of dividing Catalan society. In a televised address to the nation, the king said the  irresponsible behavior  of the Catalan leaders had undermined social harmony in Catalonia.  Today Catalan society is fractured and in conflict,  he said. He said the Spanish crown was strongly committed to the Spanish constitution and to democracy and underlined his commitment as king  to the unity and permanence of Spain.  ",1
18410,Mattis says Iran 'fundamentally' in compliance with nuclear deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday Iran was fundamentally in compliance with its nuclear deal, as President Donald Trump s administration weighs whether the 2015 deal serves U.S. security interests. Trump faces an Oct. 15 deadline for certifying that Iran is complying with the pact, a decision that could sink an agreement strongly supported by the other powers that negotiated it, including Britain, China, France, Germany, Russia and the European Union.  I believe that they fundamentally are. There have been certainly some areas where they were not temporarily in that regard, but overall our intelligence community believes that they have been compliant and the IAEA also says so,  Mattis said during a House of Representatives hearing, using an acronym for the International Atomic Energy Agency. ",1
18411,Turkey should follow West's lead on rights: author Orhan Pamuk,"(Reuters) - Turkey under President Tayyip Erdogan needs more Westernization, and not less, to bolster dwindling free speech rights and a wobbly democracy, Nobel Prize-winning author Orhan Pamuk said on Tuesday. Pamuk, 65, also said in an online chat in the Reuters Global Markets Forum that he laments much modernization and saw his stories, including his 10th novel published last year,  The Red-Haired Woman  as focused on the personal costs people pay for discarding traditions in the rush to adapt to the ways of 21st century. The following are edited excerpts: Question: Is Turkey, often described as a bridge between West and East, becoming too Westernized? Answer: The lack of free speech is so grave that we definitely need to be more friendly with the West and Europe. I am not worried about too much Westernization, especially in these days when government is trying to push us away from Western values. Q: Do you see gentrification in Istanbul and other Western influence in Turkey as threats or positives to Turkey s identity? A: I actually do not want to bring East and West together. I essentially want to write poetic, literary observations about the lives of the people in and around Istanbul. And since Istanbul is made up of things from the West, and modernity, and also things that come from traditional cultures, and East, readers think my intention is to  bridge  them. Actually, there are things from East and West that are already harmoniously together in Istanbul. All I do is invent stories about them. Q: How is that theme in  The Red Haired Woman ? A: My main character carries the weight of having an idealist political father, while he is more busy with making money. I have many friends like that ... They are troubled by moral issues like the ones I discussed in this book. Individuality versus belonging to community ... Or economic development and comforts of modernity versus preserving the past than the old architecture and culture. My books are always about how to be modern without losing your identity.  Q: It is Nobel award season. How did your win in 2006 affect you? A: My books were already translated to 46 languages before I won the Nobel prize. Now my books are translated into 63 languages. The prize may have helped. It definitely brought me new readers and some diplomatic responsibility of representing my country. ",1
18412,Poles dressed in black march in defense of women's rights,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Several thousand Poles dressed in black marched through city streets in Poland on Tuesday in defense of women s rights, on the first anniversary of mass protests against a planned near-total ban on abortion.  We go out because the fight continues,  organizers of the Black Tuesday protest said on social media.  Let them see us, let them hear us, let them know that we are not afraid.  The Warsaw city council said about four thousand people marched in the Polish capital. The protests took place as proponents of a ban on abortions are pushing a draft bill to exclude terminating a pregnancy if the baby is likely to be permanently handicapped. ",1
18413,Vatican vows to seek truth about diplomat in child pornography case,"ROME (Reuters) - The Vatican, at the start of a conference on protecting children from online sexual abuse, pledged on Tuesday to seek the truth about one of its diplomats whom it recalled after he became suspected of possessing child pornography.  This is a very painful episode and a great trial for all involved,  said Cardinal Pietro Parolin, the Vatican s Secretary of State and number two in the Holy See. Parolin was referring to the case of a monsignor who was recalled to the Holy See from its Washington embassy in August after the U.S. State Department said he may have violated child pornography laws.  We are treating the case with the maximum seriousness, the maximum commitment and the maximum attention,  Parolin told reporters as he arrived to deliver the conference s keynote address. He said the case was under judicial secrecy  to protect the investigation and to protect truth and justice . The Vatican never identified the monsignor, who is also wanted in Canada on suspicion of uploading child pornography from a social networking website in 2016. He is being investigated by Vatican prosecutors and will stand trial in the Vatican if indicted.   In his keynote speech, Parolin said the Catholic Church wanted to  share the experience  it had acquired from dealing with its own scandals concerning priestly sexual abuse of children  so that it may prove useful for an ever greater good . He said all sectors of society, including  companies that promote and drive the development of the digital world,  have a responsibility to protect vulnerable children from forms of sexual abuse on the internet. The conference is also being addressed by Jacqueline Beauchere, the chief online safety officer for Microsoft and Antigone Davis, head of global safety policy for Facebook.  The three-day conference, which will present its findings to Pope Francis on Friday, will discuss themes such as bullying and the preying on children by pedophiles.  The kids aren t alright,  said Baroness Joanna Shields, founder of Britain s WeProtect, an alliance to end child exploitation online.  If a child s first lesson in sexual education is a pornographic video, then this will become their reference point,  she said. Professor Ernesto Caffo, the Italian founder of a 30-year-old hotline to report cases of endangered children, told the conference that 18 million children suffer sexual abuse in Europe and that there were more than 57,000 URLs containing child sexual abuse images. He said that in nearly 25 percent of cases, adult survivors of sexual abuse suffer from psychological problems, including depression, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and self harm. There was an urgent need to provide specialized training for professionals working in education, Caffo said. ",1
18414,UK PM May says Brexit will not mean a hard border with Ireland,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said the government would do everything it could to help restore Northern Ireland s power-sharing government, adding that Brexit would not herald the return of a hard border between the British province and Ireland.  I believe very firmly that the decisions for Northern Ireland are best made in Northern Ireland in that devolved administration. So we want to see that executive up and running,  May said.   We have been very clear, and the European Union agrees with us, that there should no physical infrastructure on the border,  she said.  It is important ... that we don t return to the hard border of the past.  ",1
18415,Macron fights 'president of the rich' tag after ending wealth tax,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron fought off accusations of favoring the rich on Tuesday after making good on a campaign pledge to scrap France s wealth tax - a symbol of social justice that has scared off thousands of millionaires from French shores. Macron s move to replace the tax with a levy targeting only real estate in last week s 2018 budget was used by political opponents to brand him the  president of the rich , a label the ex-Rothschild banker has been struggling to shake off since taking office in May. In a visit to a Whirlpool factory in his native town of Amiens, scene of a showdown six months ago with his then far-right challenger Marine Le Pen in the presidential election contest, Macron defended the policy.  It s all well and good to want to spread wealth, but you first need to produce, to create wealth before redistributing, that s how it works,  he told journalists. After many European countries abolished their own, France was left as the only EU member with a wealth tax, a charge introduced by the Socialists in the 1980s which was levied on individuals with assets above 1.3 million euros ($1.5 million). That led to thousands of rich French families to move to countries such as Belgium to avoid paying the tax, including most famously  Green Card  actor Gerard Depardieu and members of the Mulliez family, owners of the Auchan supermarket chain. Prime Minister Edouard Philippe has estimated some 10,000 people with 35 billion euros worth of assets left in the past 15 years. But coming after the government s decision to cut a housing allowance enjoyed by millions of poorer French people, the move on the wealth tax - which will cost the treasury 3.2 billion euros in lost revenue - has sparked outrage in opposition ranks.  The better-off will be those who get richer while they sleep,  former Socialist finance minister Michel Sapin said, quoting late president Francois Mitterrand, who introduced the wealth tax. More worryingly for Macron, the move has also caused unease within his own centrist majority, which will start discussing the budget bill in parliament later this month.  Yachts, private jets, race horses, races cars or gold ingots are no longer included in the new wealth tax. That can t be,  Joel Giraud, an allied lawmaker charged with steering the budget through parliamentary committees told Le Parisien daily.  These kinds of symbols must be taxed much more. A yacht is bling-bling. It isn t productive for the economy,  he said. While leaving the door open to raising specific levies on yachts or cars, Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire warned lawmakers not to hit a luxury sector in which France is a leader:  And why not tax jewellery, furs and wine cellars?  he asked. ($1 = 0.8501 euros) ",1
18416,Law to let Museveni extend rule brought to Ugandan parliament,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - A law amending Uganda s constitution to allow aging leader Yoweri Museveni to extend his rule was introduced in parliament on Tuesday, at a session where nearly all its opponents were either barred or stayed away in protest.    Museveni, 73, has ruled Uganda since 1986. He is as yet ineligible to seek re-election in the next polls in 2021 because the existing constitution places an age ceiling of 75 on anyone aspiring to the presidency.  The bill brought to parliament would remove the age hurdle. Parliament spokesman Chris Obore said the bill was read and then referred to a parliamentary committee.  The committee will scrutinize it, hold public hearings and make a report on it ... then it will be returned to the House,  he said.  A broad spectrum of Ugandans including the political opposition, religious leaders, rights activists and some members of the ruling party have voiced opposition to removing the age cap.  Last week, fighting broke out in parliament for two consecutive days between legislators opposed to the plan and those supporting it.  On the second day of the fighting, House Speaker Rebecca Kadaga suspended 25 MPs who oppose the law for three sessions for unruly conduct. Security personnel, who MPs say were soldiers in plain clothes, were brought in to eject them and some MPs were injured in the process. Dozens of other MPs from both the opposition and ruling party opposed to removing the age cap walked out of the House in solidarity and have vowed not to return for the duration of their colleagues  suspension.  When the bill is brought back to the House, Obore said, parliamentarians will debate the committee s findings, make their own recommendations and take a final vote. Museveni s bid to remain in power in Uganda, a prospective crude oil producer and Africa s largest coffee exporter, follows a trend in the region.  In Burundi and the Democratic Republic of Congo efforts by leaders to change constitutional rules to retain power have sparked instability. ",1
18417,"Iranian foreign minister urges regional cooperation after returning from Oman, Qatar","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif made an appeal for greater regional cooperation on Tuesday after returning to Tehran from a two-day visit to Oman and Qatar. Zarif s visit came with Qatar in the midst of a row with fellow Gulf Cooperation Council members Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates. Together with Egypt, they accuse Qatar of supporting terrorism, a charge it denies.  We have repeatedly suggested a system of dialogue in the Persian Gulf, but unfortunately this has not been acknowledged by some countries, who see their future through tension, pressure and imposing on neighbors,  Zarif said, according to state media. Qatar calls the economic boycott a  siege  aimed at neutering an independent foreign policy it says promotes peaceful regional reform and fighting terrorism. Another point of contention between Qatar and its fellow GCC members is its relationship with the Islamic Republic. Zarif said on Tuesday that the economic pressure regional neighbors have put on Qatar in recent months has brought about closer economic ties between Doha and Tehran, state media reported. Zarif s discussions in Oman and Qatar also focused on ending the conflict in Yemen as well as the situation in Iraq and Syria, where Iran is supporting the government of president Bashar al-Assad while Qatar has funded some armed opposition groups.  With attention to the situation in Syria and that in the past, we had differences with Qatar; we need to have more dialogue,  Zarif said, according to state media.  But the political will exists to have a broader dialogue with all countries about ending the suffering of the Syrian people.  The Qatari government announced it is restoring diplomatic ties with Tehran in August. Qatar recalled its ambassador to Tehran in January last year after Saudi Arabia cut ties with the Islamic republic, accusing it of failing to protect its embassy in Tehran and consulate in Mashhad against demonstrators who had ransacked them. The demonstrators were protesting Saudi Arabia s execution of a prominent Shi ite Muslim cleric convicted on terrorism charges. ",1
18418,Balkan leaders back Serbia's bid to join European Union,"SOFIA (Reuters) - The prime ministers of Bulgaria, Greece and Romania gave their support to their Balkan neighbor Serbia s bid to join the European Union on Tuesday, saying the integration of the western Balkans would guarantee regional peace and stability.  Serbia, which in the 1990s was seen as pariah of Western Balkans for its central role in wars that followed the collapse of Yugoslavia, expects to complete negotiations on EU membership by 2019.  All of us know that the natural place of Serbia is in the European Union,  Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissov said after a four-party summit in the Black Sea city of Varna with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras, Romanian Prime Minister Mihai Tudose and Serbian President Alexander Vucic.  Borissov said that the three EU members would work to speed up the process to the advantage of peace and stability in the Balkans and Europe generally. Bulgaria takes over the rotating six-month EU presidency in January while Romania will take over in 2019. Many Serbs, however, remain skeptical about joining the bloc and view Western European countries as outspoken advocates of the 1999 NATO bombing to halt the killing and expulsion of ethnic Albanians in the former province of Kosovo, in which thousands of civilians had been killed. Vucic accused the European Union of using double standards by refusing to accept the Catalan independence referendum while largely welcoming a separate Kosovo.  We support Spain, it is our friendly country,  said Vucic.  But the European Commission responded in a different way (over Kosovo) and it was against my people and my state. Kosovo s declaration of independence from Serbia in 2008 was accepted by Washington and most EU states, but rejected by Belgrade and its allies.  Kosovo gained independence without even holding a referendum but Catalonia ... cannot get anything like that,  Vucic said.  Sometimes, we, the Serbs, are asking ourselves why we should have been the victim of double standards?  Serbia s position on Kosovo has been one of the main stumbling blocks in its own bid to join the European Union. Brussels has said it needs to improve relations with the authorities in Pristina and stop trying to block their efforts to join international bodies. ",1
18419,Iraq steps up retaliation against Kurdish independence vote with dollar ban,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq stopped selling dollars to leading banks in Kurdistan and banned foreign currency transfers to the autonomous region on Tuesday, stepping up its retaliation for the Kurds  independence vote. The financial sanctions follow a ban on direct international air travel to the region imposed by the central government on Friday.  Iraq s central bank informed the Kurdistan Regional government (KRG) that it would stop selling dollars to four major Kurdish banks and stop all foreign currency transfers to the region, banking and government sources told Reuters.  Businesses in need of foreign currency and foreign workers in Kurdistan, whose pay and remittances are usually in dollars, will be the most affected by the new measures.   Business people and expatriates were also the most directly hit by the ban on international flights to the Kurdish airports of Erbil and Sulaimaniya. It forces them to travel via airports in Baghdad and southern Iraq, increasing cost and adding delay.   The condition for ending the dollar sale prohibition is to have the Kurdish banks under the central bank s control,  said an Iraqi official. But a Kurdish official in the KRG capital Erbil said the region s banks already reported to the central bank in Baghdad, and the airports of the Kurdish region already reported to the Iraqi Civil Aviation Authority.   Iraq s parliament on Tuesday said it had voted for financial sanctions which would  preserve the interests  of Kurdish citizens and target the Kurdish leadership. The Shi ite Arab-led Iraqi government has rejected an offer by the Kurdish government to discuss independence. It has demanded that it cancel the result of the Sept. 25 referendum or face continued sanctions, international isolation and possible military intervention. The U.S. administration strengthened its alliance with Iraq s Kurds during the war on Islamic State, but is taking the side of Baghdad in the crisis in refusing to recognize the referendum.    Iraq s powerful neighbors Iran and Turkey are backing Baghdad, fearing the spread of separatism to their own Kurdish populations. ",1
18420,EU's diplomatic back channel in Pyongyang goes cold,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - While European powers France and Britain are lobbying Washington to cool tensions since North Korea s most powerful nuclear test a month ago, EU nations with embassies in Pyongyang are directly pressing the North Koreans.   A group of seven European Union countries - the Czech Republic, Sweden, Poland, Romania and Bulgaria, as well as Britain and Germany - held at least two formal meetings with North Korean officials in Pyongyang in September, three EU diplomats said.  But they felt frustrated because the higher-level access that they had obtained in Pyongyang last year had fallen away, with only medium-ranking foreign ministry officials now attending the meetings, the diplomats said.  There was a sense that we weren t really getting anywhere because they sent these department heads,  said a Brussels-based diplomat who had been briefed on the meetings, which were described as  very serious  in atmosphere and tone.   They want to talk to the United States.  The White House has ruled out such talks, with President Donald Trump telling Secretary of State Rex Tillerson he would be  wasting his time  negotiating with the North Koreans. The United States has no embassy in Pyongyang and relies on Sweden, the so-called U.S. protecting power there, to do consular work, especially when Westerners get into trouble.  In contrast to recent meetings, when North Korean officials met EU envoys in the Czech Republic s embassy in 2016 to discuss issues including cultural programs and regional security, a deputy foreign minister would attend, one EU diplomat said.  For the small club of European Union governments with embassies in North Korea, that reflects Pyongyang s anger at the EU s gradually expanding sanctions that go beyond those agreed by the United Nations Security Council.  It could have repercussions for broader EU efforts to help mediate in the nuclear crisis, according to the EU diplomats briefed by their colleagues in Pyongyang, as the bloc prepares more measures against North Korea. EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini, who chaired talks on the historic 2015 nuclear deal with Iran, says the bloc is ready to mediate in any talks aimed at freezing North Korea s missile and nuclear weapons programs. But at the same time, the European Union wants an oil embargo on Pyongyang that it hopes other countries will follow.  Some EU governments are pushing to cancel North Korean work permits in Poland and other eastern European countries because EU officials believe workers  salaries are deposited in bank accounts controlled by the regime in Pyongyang.  The North Koreans are starting to see the EU as a U.S. puppet, but we stress that we are an honest broker,  said a second EU diplomat.  Links with the EU embassies go back years. Communist Czechoslovakia was a leading supplier of heavy machinery to North Korea. As a Soviet satellite, Czechoslovakia established diplomatic ties with North Korea in 1948, along with Poland and Romania.  The seven European embassies in Pyongyang are among only 24 foreign missions there, including Russia, China and Cuba. The EU s status as a potential broker relies, in part, on Sweden, which was the first Western European nation to establish diplomatic relations with the North in 1973. Sweden is a member of the Neutral Nations Supervisory Commission, which was set up to oversee the 1953 armistice between North and South Korea, undertake inspections, observe military exercises and promote trust between the two sides. Czechoslovakia was also a member of the Neutral Nations Supervisory Commission until the early 1990s.  Sweden played a key role in the release of Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim and of U.S. student Otto Warmbier earlier this year. But Sweden has strongly backed the EU sanctions.  The seven European embassies are limited in what they can say because North Korean staff, required by the government to work at the EU embassies, are expected to double as informants for Pyongyang, the diplomats said.  Sanctions and pressure ... Sadly, we don t have anything else,  said an EU diplomat in Brussels. The joint meetings with the North Koreans, usually held at a single European mission, have been focused on the release of imprisoned Westerners, not big diplomatic initiatives. But as efforts intensify to calm U.S. and North Korean threats of war, they could still prove an important channel to pass messages between Pyongyang and Washington.  In the best case, we could perhaps facilitate an opening of a diplomatic track between the North Koreans and the United States,  said Carl Bildt, a former Swedish prime minister and foreign minister from 2006 to 2014. Bildt said anything the EU does must be kept secret.  If the EU does something along these lines, the first thing the EU should do is not to talk about it. Talking about it is a pretty good way to ensure that one can t do it,  he said. Mathieu Duchatel, a North Korea expert at the European Council on Foreign Relations, a think-tank that Bildt also now helps oversee, said the European Union could chair talks between China and the United States. Washington and Pyongyang have no hotlines to prevent crises from spinning out of control and it is not clear what Beijing s reaction would be if the United States intercepted a North Korean missile test, Duchatel said. For now, Paris is in contact with White House National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster and White House Chief of Staff John Kelly, diplomats said, noting French President Emmanuel Macron s budding relationship with U.S. President Donald Trump.  Lieutenant General McMaster and Kelly, a retired four-star Marine Corps general, have a soft spot for France born of their admiration for the French military, the diplomats said. It is unclear if that translates into a direct impact on Trump s thinking on North Korea, European diplomats said.  They are trying to normalize Trump, but I don t think Trump can be normalized,  said a senior French diplomat.  To get him to listen, heads of state need to speak to him directly.  Macron, who has ruled out a military option, has said he believes he could convince Trump to avoid armed intervention. Macron s position is to keep repeating the mantra of patience and dialogue to Trump, diplomats said. ",1
18421,"Mattis plays down split between Trump, Tillerson on North Korea","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Tuesday played down an apparent split between the U.S. president and his top diplomat over outreach to North Korea, saying America s focus was still on finding a diplomatic solution to the dispute with Pyongyang. President Donald Trump, who has traded insults and threats with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in recent weeks, said on Sunday Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was  wasting his time  trying to negotiate with North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. Tillerson, during a trip to China on Saturday, said the United States had direct channels of communication with the North and was probing Pyongyang to see if it was interested in dialogue. He expressed hope for reducing tensions with North Korea, which is fast advancing toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland.  I do not see the divergence as strongly as some ... have interpreted it,  Mattis said. Both Mattis and Marine General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, broadly backed Tillerson s efforts as they testified at the hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee.  President Trump s guidance to both Secretary Tillerson and me has been very clearly that we would ... pursue the diplomatic effort to include with the various initiatives with China,  Mattis told a Senate hearing.  I believe that Secretary Tillerson is accurately stating that we are probing for opportunities to talk with the North. All we re doing is probing. We re not talking with them, consistent with the president s dismay about not talking with them before the time is right.  Trump has vowed to halt North Korea s nuclear ambitions and tensions have escalated in recent months, with Pyongyang conducting its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3. It has also threatened to test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific. Dunford, the top U.S. military officer, strongly backed Tillerson s efforts to tighten an economic squeeze on North Korea. The international community s sanctions will need to be strong enough to convince Kim he cannot survive in power unless he changes course, he said. Dunford said Kim sees possession of ballistic missiles and a nuclear capability as inextricably linked to regime survival, adding:  What I think Kim Jong Un needs to realize is that he cannot survive with ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons because the international community will not allow him to survive.  Dunford said Kim was particularly sensitive to the flow of oil into North Korea, saying when there has been a cut-off in the past  there s been a change in Kim Jong Un s behavior.   The fact is he needs economic resources external to the country to survive,  he said. U.S. Senator Jack Reed questioned whether some degree of communication was vital between Washington and Pyongyang, given the risks of miscalculation by either side that could lead to conflict. Mattis suggested that the Trump administration was exploring a host of ways to influence the North, including through diplomacy.  I think the president dispatching Secretary Tillerson to Beijing here within the past several days to carry messages and to look at the way we can work with them is the most accurate answer to your question, that in fact this is part of a whole ... integrated effort that we have underway right now,  Mattis said. It was not the first time the White House and State Department have seemed at odds on policy issues, but the White House has said Trump still had confidence in Tillerson. Trump has vowed to halt North Korea s nuclear ambitions and tensions have escalated in recent months, with Pyongyang conducting its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3. It has also threatened to test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific. The fate of Americans held in North Korea is also a bone of contention. The Trump administration has demanded North Korea release three U.S. citizens it has detained: missionary Kim Dong Chul and academics Tony Kim and Kim Hak Song. The Trump White House and State Department have taken divergent stances on other foreign policy issues. When a dispute over Qatar erupted this year, Trump strongly backed Gulf Arab leaders who accuse Qatar of supporting Iran as well as Islamist militants.  Trump accused Qatar of being a  high-level  funder of terrorism even as the Pentagon and Tillerson cautioned against the military, commercial and humanitarian effects of a boycott imposed by Arab states. Months into the dispute, Trump adopted a position more in line with that of the State Department. ",1
18422,"EU talks going well, but there's too much gloom: UK's foreign minister","MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Tuesday negotiations to leave the European Union were going well but there was too much gloom attached to Brexit. At the Conservative Party s annual conference, Johnson said that, while trade deals with other countries might take time to negotiate, there would be  loads  of them done before the next British election, due in 2022. Johnson also told a meeting on the sidelines of the conference that Britain would want to do things differently to the EU in certain areas, such as data and bio-science. ",1
18423,"Saudi king heads to Russia, with oil, investment and Syria on agenda","RIYADH/MOSCOW (Reuters) - The leaders of Saudi Arabia and Russia, the world s biggest oil exporters, are expected to discuss cooperation on oil production and differences over Syria and Iran on Thursday during the first visit to Moscow by a reigning Saudi Monarch. A slew of investment deals, including on a liquefied natural gas project and petrochemical plants, could also be signed during King Salman s trip and plans for a $1-billion fund to invest in energy projects are likely to be finalised. The visit, including talks in the Kremlin with President Vladimir Putin, reflects a rapid deepening of ties between Russia and Saudi Arabia, driven by a mutual need to stem a drop in global oil prices. The two countries helped secure a deal between OPEC and other producers to cut output until the end of March 2018, but back competing sides in Syria s civil war. Riyadh supports rebels fighting President Bashar al-Assad s forces while Russian troops and Iranian militias have sided with Assad. This leaves Moscow aligned with Saudi Arabia s arch-rival Iran, whose influence Riyadh fears is growing in the region.  The Saudis want help on Iran, and Russia wants trade and investment,  said Mark N. Katz, an expert on Russia-Middle East relations at George Mason University.  In the Saudi mind, they re definitely linked and the Russians are going to try to separate these.   Billboards have been erected on the road from the airport to central Moscow welcoming King Salman in Arabic and Russian. His son, Prince Mohammed bin Salman, visited in May just before his elevation to crown prince, and in 2015 the countries  sovereign wealth funds agreed to $10 billion in investments. A business forum will include speeches by top ministers and the heads of state-owned energy giants Saudi Aramco and Gazprom as well as a presentation of Saudi s Vision 2030 reform program, which aims to end the kingdom s dependence on oil. Moscow sees the trip as a payoff for its two-year-old intervention in Syria and recognition of its growing Middle East clout.   Even 12 months ago, Riyadh was highly critical of Russia s involvement in Syria and the relationship looked as frozen as ever,  said Chris Weafer, senior partner at economic and political consultancy Macro-Advisory Ltd.  Today that has changed 180 degrees. Both countries now see political and economic advantages from a closer, albeit pragmatic, relationship. This visit is intended to make sure it stays on track.   Discussion of Syria is likely to focus on what the country will look like once Islamic State is defeated, Assad s future, what peace talks between Saudi-backed opposition activists and Damascus can achieve and the creation of new de-escalation zones. The king may also seek assurances that Iran will not have a permanent role in Syria. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Moscow hoped the king s trip would breathe life into a relationship with huge potential and was interested in maintaining dialogue with Riyadh  about the Middle East and Syria in particular.  Any discussion of the oil market and the efficacy of moves to prop up prices by cutting supply will be closely watched. The oil price fall in the last three years has overstretched both producers  budgets, making an extension of joint cuts beyond March 2018 more likely.  Moscow said last month it had discussed with Riyadh extending the deal but no specific decisions had been made ahead of a Nov. 30 producers  meeting in Vienna. Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said in an interview broadcast on Monday that the planned $1-billion fund to invest in energy projects was part of efforts to strengthen cooperation in oil, gas, electricity, renewable energy and other projects. Russian firms are also discussing deals with Saudi Aramco, such as providing drilling services in Saudi Arabia, and Russian oil giant Rosneft s interest in crude trading, he added. Russian Economy Minister Maxim Oreshkin said on Tuesday investors were interested in a nuclear energy plant Saudi Arabia wants to build and Saudis would be offered investment opportunities including in shipping company Sovcomflot. A Russian energy source said a memorandum of understanding  (MoU) was expected to be signed between Novatek and Saudi Arabia on a liquefied natural gas (LNG) project, known as Arctic LNG-2, that aims to start up in the 2020s.  He said details were still being discussed. Russia would like Saudi Arabia to become a shareholder in the project but the source said there were also other roles the kingdom could take. Saudi Aramco and Saudi Basic Industries Corp (SABIC) is expected to sign an MoU with Russia s biggest petrochemical firm Sibur to examine opportunities for building petrochemical plants in the two countries. ",1
18424,Trade in focus at hearing for Trump's nominee as ambassador to India,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators stressed trade and other business issues when questioning President Donald Trump s nominee to be U.S. ambassador to India at his confirmation hearing on Tuesday, while expressing strong support for posting him to New Delhi.    Trump nominated Kenneth Juster as ambassador to India on Sept. 1. The 64-year-old, an economic adviser in his administration, also served as under secretary of Commerce under former Republican President George W. Bush. Known as an expert on India, Juster was praised by both Trump s fellow Republicans, who control Congress, and Democrats on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, although they raised some of the issues complicating relations. Trump, who campaigned on an  America First  platform, has forcefully expressed his displeasure with the growing U.S. trade deficit with India. He has also called for reform of the H1B visa system that has benefited Indian tech firms. Indian officials reject suggestions that Prime Minister Narendra Modi s  Make in India  platform is protectionist and complain in turn about U.S. regulations on products such as generic drugs and fruit. Senator Bob Corker, the panel s chairman, said he was frustrated with the slow pace of India s economic reforms. Republican Senator Rob Portman, a former U.S. Trade Representative, struck a similar note, saying he has  deep concerns  about market access in India for some U.S. products and services.  We need to continue pressing forward, make sure that India adheres to its WTO (World Trade Organization) obligations and that we can push the range of economic issues,  Portman said. Senator Ben Cardin, the panel s top Democrat, said India had not been as strong as it could have been in enforcing sanctions laws. Juster said he would make business issues a priority in New Delhi, but also promised to work with New Delhi on issues such as North Korea s pursuit of nuclear weapons, counter terrorism and working with India toward security in Afghanistan. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis held talks in India last week, seeking India s greater involvement in helping stabilize Afghanistan, as the Trump administration steps up pressure on Pakistan to do more against militants operating from its soil. Democratic Senator Chris Coons asked Juster about H1B visas, but he said he was not in a position to characterize the administration s current position. The U.S. mission in India processes more visas than any other. A vote on Juster s confirmation has not been scheduled.  Corker called him  extraordinarily well-qualified,  and said he hoped he would be confirmed quickly. Cardin praised his  incredible credentials.     ",1
18425,Joy and relief greet Puerto Rico fuel deliveries after hurricane,"QUEBRADILLAS, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - When Nestor Rodriguez saw Puma Energy fuel tanker 333 pull into Puerto Rico s Quebradillas gas station at 12:37 p.m. on Monday, he bowed, raising his arms to the heavens.   I didn t know if it would come today, or if wouldn t,  he said as he filled up his tank, after a three-hour wait in the Caribbean sun.  When I saw that truck, I saw the glory. It was like seeing the Lord.  Two weeks after Hurricane Maria plowed into the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico, cutting power and hobbling fuel distribution, finding gasoline and diesel has become a regular ordeal for the island s 3.4 million residents, with no guarantee of success. Rodriguez, a 63-year-old retiree with a bright shock of white hair and beard, was one of the lucky few on Monday. He managed to purchase enough gasoline for both his car and his generator at home, where he cares for his 93-year-old father. Fuel scarcity has been one of the major headaches facing hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, which relies on gas shipped from the U.S. mainland.  Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello on Monday reported progress in getting fuel supplies to the island, with 500,000 barrels of diesel and close to 1 million barrels of gasoline due to arrive in upcoming days. More than 720 of the island s 1,100 gas stations were now up and running, Rossello added, which he said should allow more Puerto Ricans to operate generators and get around. Puma Energy, which is partially owned by commodities trading giant Trafigura, operates six terminals on the Caribbean island, and is working with the regional government to add more delivery trucks to its fleet. To assess the scale of the problem, Reuters joined a Puma delivery truck and its 49-year-old driver, Carlos Ramos, on a journey from Puma s fuel distribution center in Bayamon, to a gas station in Quebradillas, some 55 miles (88 km) west.  Ramos pulled out of the Bayamon facility at 10:38 a.m., escorted by two police vehicles responsible for protecting his precious 10,000-gallon (38,000 liter) load. Ramos said he had made more than 30 deliveries since Maria hit, and was often greeted with elation when he arrived at gas stations. At some, bands played to celebrate the truck s arrival, while at others, he felt like a politician arriving at a rally.   If there s no line when we arrive, there will be soon,  Ramos said.  It s like putting out a little candy, and suddenly all the ants arrive.  When Ramos  eventually got to Quebradillas, nine cars were waiting. Within 10 minutes, the line had grown to 42 vehicles, with more arriving every few seconds. Luz Preciado, a 34-year-old housewife, said she had been waiting at a nearby station, when she saw Ramos  truck drive by, and decided to give chase, despite the fact that her fuel gauge was blinking on empty.  When you see water, and when you see gas - that s happiness in Puerto Rico right now,  said Preciado, who had slept overnight in her car with her two kids a few days earlier to be first in line for a morning fuel delivery.  Looking for gas is a full-time job right now.  Inside the gas station, 44-year-old Puma employee Waldemar Sosa said he normally sold about 1,400 gallons during a typical 6 a.m.-10 p.m. day. On Sunday, he said, he sold 12,000 gallons - all the fuel he had - in about 13 hours. Sosa said that with no cellphone coverage to phone in orders, the owner of the gas station was forced to travel to San Juan to write Puma a check for more fuel.  Without communication, this country doesn t move,  he said.  At 1:55 p.m., Juan Gonzalez rolled out of Sosa s station, the first person to leave with a full tank since 9 p.m. the previous evening, to go eat a simple of lunch of sausage and rice with his elderly parents.  We re going through a difficult moment,  he said, leaning out of his car window with a look of hard-won relief.  We re in God s hands.  ",1
18426,French union rank and file urge their bosses to put pressure on Macron,"PARIS (Reuters) - Rank and file members of France s biggest union, the CFDT, urged their leaders on Tuesday to take a tougher stand against President Emmanuel Macron s reform agenda. At a convention bringing some 10,000 CFDT members together in Paris, executives came under fire for snubbing protest calls from the Communist-rooted CGT against a labor law overhaul last month, the first major reform of Macron s five-year term.  Your words are too soft ... we really need a much harder position,  CFDT union official Pascale Meunier from telecoms group Orange told members of the union s executive committee during a debate. The revolt is a new sign that some grassroot union members are worried Macron s government is running roughshod over unions. On Friday, delegates from the Force Ouvriere (FO) union voted in favor of pushing for a harder line. The CGT, which fell behind the CFDT earlier this year as France s biggest union, was the only major union to hold protests against the labor reform though some FO and CFDT union members joined the demonstrations. The absence of FO, France s third-biggest union, disappointed many of its members as it had marched with CGT in 2016 against a labor reform by the previous government.  Norbert Raffolt, a CFDT official with the union s metal-working branch, accused the union s leadership of turning a deaf ear to calls for a tougher line.  Today you can hear it in the room. The rank and file is saying  we ve got to move it, we ve to give a different answer ,  Raffolt said. CFDT head Laurent Berger responded by saying street protests risked being seen as old-fashioned by the broader public and he urged members to push back against the implementation of the reform at their workplaces.  I understand and even sometimes share the legitimate desire of some of you to put shoes on and express your frustration,  Berger said a speech closing the convention.  But let s not give the government arguments to cast us into the annals of history,  he added. Even if unions step up pressure on Macron s government, at this point there is little that they can do against the labor reform as he signed the decrees underpinning it last month. However, a tougher tone from the unions could make life difficult for the government as it seeks to launch talks on revamping unemployment insurance and professional training in the coming months, followed by the retirement system next year. Union leaders are due to meet individually with Macron starting Oct. 12 about the upcoming reforms. ",1
18427,Iraqi Kurds face more sanctions after calling elections,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq s autonomous Kurdistan region announced on Tuesday it was calling presidential and parliamentary elections for Nov. 1 as the Kurdish leadership moved to capitalize on a referendum that delivered huge support for independence. The central government in Baghdad imposed further punitive measures in retaliation for the independence vote last month by slapping sanctions on Kurdish banks and halting foreign currency transfers to the Kurdish region.  The referendum in the country s Kurdish-held northern regions raised fears in Iraq and abroad of ethnic strains and a weakening of a U.S.-backed campaign against Islamic State. The elections would be calculated to reinforce the legitimacy of the Kurdish leadership before a drive for outright independence and any negotiations that might involve. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday that his country would impose further sanctions on northern Iraq over the referendum. Powerful neighbors Ankara and Tehran fear it could fuel Kurdish separatism within their own borders. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) has not declared independence. The November polls are for the parliament and presidency of the region, not for an independent state. Baghdad retaliated against the referendum with an international flights ban on Kurdish airports, while Iran and Turkey launched joint military exercises with Iraqi troops at their borders with Iraqi Kurdistan. The Shi ite Arab-led Iraqi government has rejected a KRG offer to discuss independence. It demanded Kurdish leaders cancel the result of the referendum or face continued sanctions, international isolation and possible military intervention. On Tuesday, Iraq s central bank told the KRG that it would no longer sell dollars to four leading Kurdish banks and would stop all foreign currency transfers to the region, banking and government sources told Reuters. Businesses in need of foreign currency and foreign workers, whose salaries are usually paid in dollars, will be hardest hit by the measure. The Iraqi dinar is not accepted outside the country.  In a further attempt to assert Baghdad s authority, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi called for a  joint administration  in the multi-ethnic northern city of Kirkuk and other areas claimed by his both his government and the KRG, provided that Baghdad held the top role in such an arrangement.         Earlier, the federal parliament in Baghdad raised the threat of excluding Kurdish members who took part in the referendum, on the basis that it was unconstitutional.  The parliament decided to collect the names of those who voted in the referendum as a step towards their impeachment by the Higher Federal Court, Speaker Salim al-Jabouri told a news conference after the session, boycotted by most Kurdish MPs. Jabouri said he was willing to open a dialogue with the KRG to resolve disputes but ruled out talks on independence. Masoud Barzani, the heir of a dynasty which has led a Kurdish struggle for independence for over a century, has held the KRG presidency since its establishment in 2005, two years after a U.S.-led invasion toppled Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.  Barzani s tenure was extended beyond his second term in 2013 as fresh turmoil engulfed the region and Islamic State overran about a third of Iraq the following year, threatening the Kurdish region. It was unclear whether Barzani would or could stand in the November poll as Kurdish law says a president cannot stay in office for more than two terms. Campaigning for the two elections will start on Oct. 15, the Kurdish Rudaw TV channel quoted the High Elections and Referendum Commission chief Hendrean Mohammed as saying. Islamic State s self-declared  caliphate  effectively collapsed in July, when the group s stronghold in Mosul, west of the KRG capital Erbil, fell to a U.S.-backed Iraqi offensive with the participation of Kurdish Peshmerga fighters.The Kurds  push for independence is meant to capitalize on their contribution to the war on Islamic State.  The U.S. administration, which had strengthened its alliance with Iraq s Kurds, is taking Baghdad s side in the crisis by refusing to recognize the outcome of the referendum.  Iraqi and Kurdish media announced that former Iraqi president Jalal Talabani, a Kurd, had died on Tuesday in Germany at the age of 83. Talabani, a veteran leader of the Kurdish struggle for self-determination, stepped down as president in 2014, after a long period of treatment following a stroke in 2012. His wife and companion in political struggle, Hero, and his Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) party had voiced only lukewarm support for the referendum. ",1
18428,Austria's Social Democrats urge Facebook to unmask people behind smear campaign,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern s Social Democrats asked Facebook to disclose the identities of those behind sites which they say are spreading libel in an attempt to clean up a smear campaign scandal ahead of an election on Oct. 15. Kern has pledged to get to the bottom of his party s links to Facebook pages which have made unsusbtantiated allegations against Sebastian Kurz, the head of the main opposition People s Party, who is leading in polls for the forthcoming parliamentary vote. The scandal has already cost Kern s campaign manager his job. The Social Democrats  lawyers wrote to Facebook in Ireland on Tuesday saying the group must, according to EU rules, hand over details about users who operate sites showing potentially libellous content about Kern and Kurz.  We ... ask you to give us all information you have about the persons behind these ... pages, especially names, email-addresses, IP-addresses or other contact details,  Vienna-based law firm Freimueller/Obereder/Pilz said.  Due to the urgency of the matter we ask for your answer within four days,  the lawyers said in the letter obtained by Reuters. Facebook had no immediate comment. The Social Democrats have denied having any connection with two websites making unsubstantiated allegations against 31-year-old Foreign Minister Kurz. But Austrian media reported on Saturday that a former adviser to the Social Democrats who was dismissed this summer was originally behind the sites and that they had been kept in operation. The Social Democrats also sued the as of yet unknown operators of the Facebook pages for libel and for failing to comply with Austria s media law which forbids anonymous publishing.  ($1 = 0.8505 euros) ",1
18429,"Uzbekistan releases dissident, arrests another","ALMATY (Reuters) - Uzbekistan released a prominent dissident from prison on Tuesday, on the same day an opposition outlet said one of its contributors in the Central Asian nation had been arrested. The former Soviet republic has puzzled observers with conflicting signals over the last few weeks, with another prominent dissident, who had been struck off a security blacklist, being detained on his return from exile. Human rights activist Azam Farmonov, 39, was set free on Tuesday, the United States embassy in Tashkent said in a statement welcoming his release. Farmonov was sentenced to nine years in prison in 2006 on charges of extortion which other activists called fabricated. His term was extended by five more years in 2015. Farmonov s early release followed the freeing of several other prominent political prisoners jailed under President Shavkat Mirziyoyev s predecessor, Islam Karimov.  We applaud these positive steps and hope they signal future releases and a more open approach to civil society,  the U.S. embassy said. Karimov had run the nation of 32 million with an iron fist from 1989 until his death in September 2016, and his tough policies resulted in Uzbekistan s international near-isolation. Seeking to improve ties with the West and attract foreign investment, Mirziyoyev has taken steps to liberalize the nation. He has moved to ease travel restrictions and implemented a foreign exchange reform. He also ordered some 16,000 people struck off a blacklist of potential extremists and dissidents in August. However, when one of them, prominent dissident writer Nurulloh Muhammad Raufkhon, returned to Tashkent from Turkey last month, he was detained. Although Raufkhon has been released this week, he still faces anti-government propaganda charges. On Tuesday, People s Movement of Uzbekistan, an organization of opposition activists in exile, said in a statement that a contributor for its website Uzxalqharakati.com had been arrested and charged with seeking to overthrow the constitutional order. Authorities in Uzbekistan could not be reached for comment on Tuesday. ",1
18430,Palestinian cabinet convenes in Gaza in move to reconcile with Hamas,"GAZA (Reuters) - Prime Minister Rami al-Hamdallah chaired the first meeting of the Palestinian cabinet in the Gaza Strip for three years on Tuesday, in a move toward reconciliation between the mainstream Fatah party and Islamist group Hamas. Hamas seized Gaza in 2007 in fighting with Fatah forces loyal to President Mahmoud Abbas and has ruled the impoverished desert enclave of two million people since.  The cabinet session was the first in Gaza since 2014, Hamdallah told ministers, and a major step in a reconciliation process promoted by neighboring Egypt and other U.S.-allied Arab countries.  Today, we stand before an important historical moment as we begin to get over our wounds, put our differences aside and place the higher national interest above all else,  Hamdallah said.  Hamas chief Ismail Haniyeh echoed the optimism, saying:  There might be some difficulties on the road, but we will conclude reconciliation, regardless of the cost.  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned the  Palestinians against engaging in  bogus reconciliations  and he referred to Iranian funding for Hamas, which has fought three wars with Israel since 2008. In a statement, Netanyahu said any Palestinian administration should  recognize the State of Israel, disband the Hamas military arm, (and) sever the connection with Iran .  Hamas, considered a terrorist group by Israel and the West, last month disbanded its Gaza shadow government after Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates clamped an economic boycott on its main donor, Qatar. But while Hamas has handed over administrative responsibilities to a unity government originally formed three years ago, its armed wing remains the dominant force in Gaza. A first sign of discontent surfaced on Tuesday with Hamas criticizing Abbas s decision to await the outcome of talks Fatah plans to hold with the group on Oct. 10 before lifting sanctions he has imposed on Gaza.  The government has assumed its responsibilities in Gaza and therefore delay is not justified,  Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum said.  There is no excuse for delaying or undermining measures that would ease the suffering of Gaza s people.  Abbas halted payments for Israeli-supplied electricity to the enclave in June, a step that has led to long daily blackouts, and cut salaries for Gaza civil servants. Abbas told Egyptian TV station CBC on Monday there could be only  one state, one regime, one law and one weapon  in Gaza, reiterating a long-held position that security should be in the hands of only the Palestinian Authority (PA), which he heads, and that the PA must control border crossing points. In a pre-recorded address to the Palestinian cabinet,   Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi urged unity.  I assure you we have no time to waste, and that history will hold accountable those who waste the current opportunity to bring about peace,  Sisi said.  Both Israel and Egypt - whose intelligence chief arrived in Gaza to meet Hamas leaders, Hamdallah and officials from other Palestinian factions - maintain a partial blockade of Gaza, citing security concerns. Israeli-Palestinian talks have been frozen since 2014 over issues such as Fatah-Hamas reconciliation and Israeli settlement-building in occupied territory. Visiting the Jewish settlement of Maale Adumim in the occupied West Bank on Tuesday, Netanyahu said  thousands of housing units  would be added to the community of 40,000 people near Jerusalem. He gave no timeframe. Israel has built about 120 settlements in the West Bank. About 350,000 settlers live there and a further 200,000 in East Jerusalem, among about 2.6 million Palestinians. Most countries consider the settlements illegal and an obstacle to peace as they take up territory Palestinians need for a viable state. Israel disagrees, citing biblical, historical and political connections to the land and security interests. ",1
18431,Kurdish rebel leader Talabani sought Iraqi unity as president,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurdish leader Jalal Talabani, who died on Tuesday aged 83, spent decades fighting for his people s independence but then became president of Iraq after the overthrow of Saddam Hussein and struggled to unite the deeply fractured country. His death, in Germany, came barely a week after the Kurds of northern Iraq voted overwhelmingly for independence in a referendum condemned by Baghdad and Iraq s powerful neighbors Turkey and Iran who fear it will destabilize the wider region.      A veteran of the Kurdish guerrilla movement, Talabani survived wars, exile and political infighting among the Kurds to become Iraq s first non-Arab president in 2005, two years after the U.S. invasion that toppled Saddam. The Iraqi presidency post-Saddam is a largely ceremonial post, but Talabani, forceful yet charming, proved a pivotal mediator among Iraq s fractious Shi ite, Sunni and Kurdish parties, and he stayed on as head of state until 2014. Despite his calls for Iraqi national unity, the man known affectionately among Kurds as  Mam    or uncle   was always a fierce champion of the Kurdish cause, fighting Saddam for decades and pushing for federalism to benefit the semi-autonomous region in the north. While sectarianism and attacks by al Qaeda engulfed most of Iraq after 2003, triggering a civil war between Shi ites and Sunnis, the Kurdish north remained relatively stable and safe. Iraq s Kurds are now closer than ever to realizing their dream of independence after decades of oppression under Saddam Hussein, followed by years of tensions with the Baghdad government over oil and other issues. However, Talabani s Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) - and his wife and companion in political struggle, Hero - voiced only lukewarm support for the Sept. 25 referendum. Talabani was too ill by then to comment publicly on the vote. The referendum was organized by Talabani s longtime rival Massoud Barzani, head of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG). The split between Barzani s Kurdish Democratic Party (KDP) and Talabani s PUK raises questions over the future of Iraqi Kurdish politics. Talabani s PUK, unlike Barzani, has traditionally good ties with Tehran. Iranian-backed Shi ite groups wield considerable power in Iraq.  Born in 1933, Talabani studied law at Baghdad University,      joined the KDP in 1946 and by his mid-twenties was a member of the inner circle, a top lieutenant to the independence movement s patriarch, Mullah Mustafa Barzani. He split from the party and formed the PUK in 1974. A damaging rivalry developed with Barzani and his son, Massoud. Talabani regarded himself as a modern, socialist and urban alternative to the tribal authority wielded by the elder Barzani and much of the PUK s support comes from the urban elite. Talabani s harshest lesson came in 1988 when Iraq gassed Kurdish towns near the Iranian border during an Iranian-PUK offensive in the waning days of the Iran-Iraq war. In the brutal seven-month Anfal campaigns, Kurds accused Iraqi forces of killing tens of thousands of men, women and children and relocating many more. Many remain missing, despite the discovery of mass graves, and no one knows for sure how many were  Anfalised  as Kurds call the killings and disappearances. Most independent estimates put the figure at about 100,000. Many Kurdish leaders put it at more than 180,000. Following their uprising against Baghdad after the 1991 Gulf war, Iraqi Kurds saw their first shot at self-rule go up in smoke when Talabani and Barzani sparred over control of a provisional north Iraq government elected in 1992. That bickering escalated into a civil war that saw the KDP enlist Baghdad s help against the Iranian-backed PUK.  A U.S.-sponsored truce backed with the threat of a diplomatic embargo took hold in 1998 and the two factions developed parallel, cooperating administrations. Talabani s speeches often reminded Kurds of their suffering at the hands of Saddam Hussein. But he and other Kurdish leaders faced unrest from Kurds more concerned with poor services in their towns and villages than the painful past. Talabani suffered a stroke in 2012 while still serving as Iraqi president and underwent lengthy medical treatment, mostly in Germany. One of his sons, Qubad, is the current deputy prime minister of the KRG in northern Iraq. ",1
18432,U.S. to decide soon on future of Taliban office in Qatar,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States will soon decide whether to keep open a Taliban office in Qatar as America steps up its Afghan war effort, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday, adding he was looking at who represents the increasingly fractious insurgency.  Secretary (of State Rex) Tillerson and I have been in contact on this issue three times in the past 10 days,  Mattis told a Senate hearing.  He is looking to make certain we have the right (Taliban representatives), so it s just not an office in existence.   ",1
18433,Spanish court grants U.S. extradition for Russian hacking suspect,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s High Court said on Tuesday it had granted a U.S. request to extradite Russian citizen Peter Levashov, who is accused of U.S. hacking offences including operating a network of infected computers used by cyber criminals.  Levashov, 36, was arrested while on holiday in Barcelona in April.  U.S. prosecutors have accused him of running the Kelihos botnet, a network of more than 100,000 infected devices used by cyber criminals to distribute viruses, ransomware, phishing emails and other spam attacks. U.S. prosecutors are seeking a 52-year jail sentence against Levashov, who denies the charges against him. The Spanish court said Levashov had three days to lodge an appeal against the extradition decision. Levashov, who is fighting extradition, told the Madrid court last week that he had worked for President Vladimir Putin s United Russia party for the last 10 years, Russia s RIA news agency reported. He told the court that investigators in the United States would torture him for information about his political work if he was sent there to face the charges.  If I go to the U.S., I will die in a year. They want to get information of a military nature and about the United Russia party,  RIA quoted him as saying.  I will be tortured, within a year I will be killed, or I will kill myself.  The Spanish court ruling said that Levashov s lawyers had also alleged a political motivation behind the U.S. request for his extradition and that the real reason behind it may be that he was a programmer who might have  hacked the U.S. elections . U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that the Kremlin orchestrated a wide-ranging influence operation that included email hacking and online propaganda to discredit Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and help Donald Trump, a Republican, win the White House last November. The Kremlin denies the allegations. The Spanish court dismissed all the arguments put forward by Levashov and his lawyers against extradition.  Nothing has been proven with respect to the allegations about political motivation and neither ... has the potential infringement of the accused s right to life or of his physical integrity,  the court ruling sad. In an eight-count indictment handed down by a federal grand jury in Connecticut in April, Levashov was charged with causing intentional damage to a protected computer and wire fraud. Russia has lodged its own request for Levashov s extradition from Spain, RIA reported. ",1
18434,"Tensions, talks, courts: three scenarios for Spain-Catalonia stand-off","MADRID (Reuters) - Leaders of Spain s industrialized northeastern region of Catalonia said the regional population had voted for independence in a ballot on Sunday that the central government said was illegal and non-representative. With 95 percent of the vote counted, authorities said the  Yes  vote stood at 90.1 percent, albeit with a turnout of just a little over 40 percent - 2.26 million out of 5.34 million registered voters. On Tuesday, Barcelona metro stations were closed, pickets blocked main roads and civil servants walked out in response to a strike called by pro-independence groups. The stand-off could now take three different paths. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont continues with his pledge to declare unilateral independence, likely prompting the central government to trigger Article 155 of the Spanish Constitution, which would strip the region of its autonomous status and put it under direct Madrid rule.  If Article 155 is triggered, the next step would be snap elections in Catalonia. Pro-independence parties only hold the majority in the regional parliament with the help of the far-left group CUP, and polls, before Sunday s ballot, suggest these groups could lose their hold on power if a new election was called. However, after events on Sunday, when police swung truncheons and fired rubber bullets in the direction of mostly peaceful demonstrators to shut down the referendum, pro-independence parties may again win the election. Such a result would raise doubts surrounding Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s ability to govern. Rajoy s immediate opposition in the national parliament lacks the numbers to force him out through a no-confidence vote, but without cross-party support on Catalonia, he may be forced to call a snap national election himself. Rajoy was voted in as a minority leader twice in last year s two elections and a fractious parliament suggests a snap election may prompt a similar result. If the Catalan parliament gives up the push for independence, Rajoy may sit down with Puigdemont to hammer out a new deal for the region including a better tax deal and greater fiscal autonomy. Budget Minister Cristobal Montoro and Economy Minister Luis de Guindos have suggested this may be a possibility if the independence drive is completely abandoned.  Puigdemont has yet to make a unilateral declaration of independence, instead calling for a period of reflection, leaving the door open for such a scenario. However, after the violent scenes on Sunday and continued protests on Tuesday via a partial strike across the region, the Catalan leader may be keen to keep face and avoid being seen bowing down to Madrid.  If the Catalans do not go ahead with a declaration of independence but also fail to sit down for talks with Rajoy as the two party s positions diverge beyond a possible compromise, Madrid may refer the matter to the constitutional courts. Legal and financial action against Catalan leaders is likely to fuel animosity and could prompt further protests, pushing leaders on both sides into difficult positions. ",1
18435,Serbia accuses world of double standards over Catalonia and Kosovo,"BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbia  foreign minister accused world powers on Tuesday of using double standards by refusing to accept the Catalan independence referendum while largely welcoming a separate Kosovo. Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008 - an announcement accepted by Washington and most EU states but rejected by Belgrade and its allies. Almost a decade later on Sunday, voters in Catalonia backed independence from Spain in a referendum declared unconstitutional by the Madrid government. A day later Germany called the vote worrying, as other states fretted about their own separatist-minded communities.  I am bothered by the double standards of the international community,  foreign minister Ivica Dacic told the RTS public broadcaster.       The EU will never say it made an error with the recognition of Kosovo, but that decision will backfire. The Pandora s box was opened,  Dacic said.      Serbia s position on Kosovo has been one of the main stumbling blocks in its own bid to join the European Union. Brussels has said it needs to improve relations with the authorities in Pristina and stop trying to block their efforts to join international bodies. On Monday, Serbia s President Aleksandar Vucic called senior ministers and security chiefs for talks after European Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas said comparisons between Spain and Serbia could not be made as Kosovo had happened in  a very specific context .   How it can be that the referendum is invalid in Catalonia and in Kosovo it (independence) could be done without one,  Vucic said on Monday after meeting Greek President Prokopis Pavlopoulos in Belgrade.      Kosovo seceded almost a decade after NATO intervened with air strikes to drive out Serbian forces and halt the killing and expulsion of ethnic Albanian civilians during a two-year counter-insurgency war. ",1
18436,Islamic State releases video it says shows two Russians captured in Syria,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State released a video on Tuesday that it said showed two Russian soldiers captured by its fighters in the Syrian city of Deir al-Zor, where Russia has been backing the Syrian military against militants.  But the Russian Defence Ministry denied their soldiers had been captured, Interfax news agency reported. The defense ministry, and the foreign ministry, did not immediately respond to requests for comment submitted by Reuters. In the 42-second video, released on the group s AMAQ news agency, two men appeared briefly in a room wearing gray tunics. One, with a beard, appeared to be in handcuffs. The other seemed to have bruises on his face. Reuters could not immediately verify the video. The bearded man spoke in Russian, the other remained silent, with Arabic subtitles in the video. It was dated Oct. 3, though there was no other evidence when the video was made. The bearded man, speaking to the camera, gave his name, his date of birth, and his home village in southern Russia. He then said:  I was taken prisoner during a counter-offensive by Islamic State.  He said he was taken prisoner with a second man, whose name, date of birth and home district he also gave. Amaq said late last month the militants captured two Russians as they battled in towns around Deir al-Zor. The Russian defense ministry denied then that any military personnel were taken hostage.  With Russian air power and Iran-backed militias, the Syrian army reached Deir al-Zor city in August, breaking an Islamic State siege of an enclave there that had lasted three years as the jihadist group lost ground in Iraq and Syra. With U.S.-led jets and special forces, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias is battling Islamic State on the east side of the Euphrates river, as they also capture swathes of Deir al-Zor province from Islamic State. ",1
18437,Russian military denies report IS captured Russian soldiers in Syria: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s Defence Ministry on Tuesday denied a report that two Russian soldiers had been captured in Syria, Russia s Interfax news agency reported. Islamic State released a video earlier on Tuesday that it said showed two Russian soldiers that is says it captured in fighting in the Syrian city of Deir al-Zor. In the video, released on the group s AMAQ s news agency, two men appeared wearing gray tunics, one wearing handcuffs and the other with what appeared to be bruises on his face. One of them spoke in Russian, with Arabic subtitles in the video.  There have been no incidents involving the capture or losses among military servicemen of Russia s armed forces in the province of Deir al-Zor or in other areas in Syria,  Interfax cited a defense ministry official as saying. ",1
18438,Refugees' health problems in Greece mostly unmet: medical charity,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Refugees and migrants in Greece receive little or no medical care for most health problems they face and fewer than half of those pregnant had access to maternal care, aid group Doctors of the World said on Tuesday. About 60,000 migrants and refugees are stranded in Greece, most in overcrowded camps with unsanitary conditions. More than half of this year s 20,000 arrivals were women and children, United Nations data shows.  Doctors of the World interviewed over 14,000 women treated at its clinics in Greece over three years and found fewer than 47 percent had access to antenatal care before it intervened. It also found as many as 72 percent of the health problems refugees faced were treated  inadequately  or not at all.   While most countries offer new arrivals some kind of medical screening, the quality was  questionable  and overlooked mental health problems, the charity said. Often, women did not seek medical care because they were unaware of their rights, they found the healthcare system too complex or they were afraid of being arrested or discriminated against. Limited resources and lack of access to services such as translators also posed practical obstacles.  Every mother deserves good care before, during and post pregnancy. Their residential status should not affect this basic right,  said Nikitas Kanakis, head of Doctors of the World Greece. The charity, together with healthcare company MSD, known in the United States as Merck, is implementing a two-year initiative aimed at providing maternal healthcare services to pregnant women and babies from vulnerable populations in Greece. Asylum seekers in Greece have free access to hospitals and medical care but the public health system, already battered by years of economic crisis, is struggling to cope with the numbers.  Adult migrants without documents only have access to emergency care unless they are considered  vulnerable .  Access to quality maternal healthcare can save lives, yet across Europe the most vulnerable pregnant women are still facing challenges in accessing this basic care,  said Mary-Ann Etiebet, director of MSD for Mothers.  A lack of antenatal care to prevent and identify conditions that may harm the fetus or mother increases the risk of complications during childbirth or passing on diseases such as HIV or Hepatitis B, the World Health Organisation says.  We must work together this address this issue before it escalates further,  Etiebet said. (The story is refiled to clarify MSD name in paragraph 8) ",1
18439,Turkey seeks to isolate Syria Idlib jihadists opposing truce,"ISTANBUL/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Turkey is luring militants away from the jihadist alliance that controls Syria s northwestern Idlib province as a step toward implementing a deal to reduce violence there, Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Tuesday. Idlib is one of four  de-escalation  zones which foreign powers agreed to establish in opposition territory in western Syria after years of civil war. But the former al Qaeda branch which controls the province has pledged to keep fighting Syrian government forces and their allies. The ex-Nusra Front s stance has raised doubt about how Turkey, one of three parties to the agreement, can proceed with plans to deploy observers inside Idlib. Russia and Iran, the other two countries involved, are due to police its edges. Cavusoglu said the first stage, already under way, was to separate  moderate rebels  from  terror organizations  - a reference to Nusra, which cut ties with al Qaeda last year, rebranded itself and now spearheads the Tahrir al-Sham jihadist alliance that dominates Idlib. His comments endorsed remarks by a rebel source who said that efforts by foreign states were under way to encourage defections from the alliance, to break it up, isolate it and reduce its capacity to oppose any Turkish military deployment.  With regards to Nusra, they are working to weaken it through intelligence operations,  the source told Reuters. Those could include assassinations and campaigns to undercut the group s popular support, the source said.  The aim was to encourage jihadist fighters who are not members of al Qaeda to  melt into society .At least two million people live in Idlib, the largest populated Syrian area held by rebels - including some nationalist Free Syrian Army factions who sometimes fought alongside jihadists. The province s population has ballooned as thousands of civilians and combatants have left areas seized by the Syrian army in other parts of the country, with the help of Russian jets and Iran-backed militias. Turkey already controls a swathe of northern Syria east of Idlib following a military incursion in 2016. The rebel source said up to 2,000 fighters being trained by Turkish forces could deploy to Idlib, where many people have close ties to Turkey and could welcome a Turkish presence.    Turkey has called for the overthrow of President Bashar al-Assad and supported several rebel factions, but has recently worked with Iran and Russia, both strong supporters of Assad, to stem the violence in Syria s six-year conflict. Comparing the array of factions fighting Assad to a divided family, Cavusoglu said it was vital to avoid indiscriminate bloodshed and criticized the continued Russian and Syrian air strikes in Idlib which he said were killing civilians.    Think of a family with four sons,  he said in a televised interview.  Two of them are members of the Free Syrian Army, which everybody supports, one is not related to anything and the last one is a member of a terror organization.  What do we do? Will we bomb this family and kill them all; the mother, father and small children? We have to determine the one and separate him from the others .  Cavusoglu said work to separate the jihadists from other factions had been  going on rapidly , but needed meticulous application and would require broad international support. Tahrir al-Sham, which was formed in January, has been hit in recent months by the breakaway of two of its significant fighting factions, Nour el-Din al-Zinki and Jaish al-Ahrar. In a change of leadership announced on Sunday, Abu Mohammad al-Jolani, the head of Nusra Front, assumed command of Tahrir al-Sham after Abu Jaber al-Sheikh quit that post. Tahrir al-Sham gave no reason for the resignation, adding in a statement that al-Sheikh had been appointed head of its Shura Council. Insurgent sources in northwest Syria say ideological divisions between the groups that form Tahrir al-Sham have been a big factor leading to the departure of some members. ",1
18440,Five detained over wired explosives found in posh Paris neighborhood,"PARIS (Reuters) - French counter-terrorism investigators questioned five people on Tuesday after police over the weekend found what appeared to be a ready-to-detonate bomb at an apartment building in one of Paris s poshest neighborhoods. Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said one of those arrested was on an intelligence services list of  radicalized  persons - a list that includes the names of potential Islamist militants.  We are still in a state of war,  Collomb, speaking after a Sunday attack in which a man stabbed and killed two women outside the train station in Marseille, told France Inter radio. Judicial sources said the explosive device included two gas canisters inside the building in the affluent 16th district of western Paris and two outside, some of them doused with petrol and wired to connect to a mobile phone. More than 230 people have been killed in attacks by Islamist militants in France over the past three years. The Islamic State militant group, whose bases in Syria and Iraq are being bombed by French war planes, has urged followers to attack France. Most of those killed died when Islamist gunmen and suicide bombers targeted Paris in 2015, and when a man drove a large truck into crowds in the Riviera resort of Nice in 2016. Since then, there has been a string of attacks perpetrated by lone assailants, often targeting police or soldiers.  The threat is changing form,  said Collomb. A counter-terrorism investigation is also under way after the attack on Sunday, when a man slit the throat of one of his victims and killed her cousin before being shot dead by soldiers in the southern port city. Tunisian authorities have identified the attacker as Ahmed Hanachi, Collomb told parliament. He lived in France from 2005 to 2006 and was known to police under several alias  for petty crimes, but had not previously caught the attention of French intelligence agencies. Hanachi was arrested in the city of Lyon on Friday on suspicion of theft. He was carrying a Tunisian passport and released 24 hours later, a day before committing the attack.  All these years, he used multiple identities in France as well as in Italy, declaring himself to be Moroccan, Algerian, Tunisian,  Collomb said.  France declared a state of emergency in late 2015 after the Paris attack, giving police special search and arrest powers to combat would-be terrorists. Lawmakers will vote later on Tuesday on a bill to convert many of those emergency measures into common law.  ",1
18441,Indian tycoon Mallya appears in UK court on new money-laundering accusations,"LONDON (Reuters) - Indian businessman Vijay Mallya, who India wants to extradite from Britain on fraud charges, faces further accusations of money-laundering with some funds allegedly going to his Force India Formula One motor racing team, a London court heard on Tuesday. The flamboyant Indian liquor and aviation tycoon, 61, was first arrested by British police on behalf of the Indian authorities in April. He was rearrested on Tuesday after India laid new charges against him. India is seeking Mallya s extradition over loans to him tied to his defunct Kingfisher Airlines after the businessman, co-owner of the Force India team, moved to Britain in March last year. Banks want to recover about $1.4 billion that the Indian authorities say Kingfisher owes.  Launching new extradition proceedings at London s Westminster magistrates court, Mark Summers, the lawyer representing the Indian government, said the original allegations related to fraudulently obtaining and misusing funds. The new charges concerned the distribution of those funds, Summers said.  The government alleges for example some of the funds have ended up with the Force India Formula One team,  he said. Mallya, wearing a blue jacket and open-necked white shirt, denies any wrongdoing and said he did not consent to being extradited. He was released on police bail and declined to comment after the short hearing. The next hearing in his case will take place on Nov. 20 with a full eight-day extradition hearing due to start on Dec. 4. The judge will then make a decision based on whether there is a prima facie case against Mallya and whether the alleged crimes would be offences in Britain as well as India. That ruling can be challenged in a higher court before being passed to the Home Secretary (interior minister) for approval. The minister s decision can also be appealed to the courts. ",1
18442,Kurdish leader and ex-Iraqi president Jalal Talabani dies: state TV,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurdish leader and ex-Iraqi president Jalal Talabani died on Tuesday at age 83, Iraqi state TV said, a week after Iraq s autonomous Kurdish region held a referendum on independence. Talabani, a veteran leader of the Kurdish struggle for self-determination, stepped down as president in 2014, after a long period of treatment following a stroke in 2012. Talabani died in Germany, according to Erbil-based Rudaw TV,  which reported earlier in the day that his health had deteriorated. He often went to Germany for medical treatment. His wife and companion in political struggle, Hero, and his Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK) party voiced only lukewarm support for the Sept. 25 referendum that delivered an overwhelming  yes  to secession from Iraq. Unlike Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) leader Massoud Barzani of the rival Kurdish Democratic Party (KDP), the PUK has had traditionally good ties with Iran and Iranian-backed Shi ite groups which are effectively ruling in Baghdad. The Baghdad government, Iran and Turkey all strongly opposed the referendum.   Talabani was born near Erbil, now the seat of the autonomous KRG in northern Iraq, in 1933. He lived in Sulaimaniya, a stronghold of his PUK, the main rival of Barzani s KDP.   He was the first non-Arab president of Iraq, elected in 2005, two years after the U.S.-led invasion that toppled dictator Saddam Hussein, a Sunni Arab. Fuad Masoum, a Kurd from the PUK, replaced Talabani in the Iraqi presidency, a largely ceremonial post in the political system established after Saddam s overthrow that concentrates power in the hand of the prime minister, now Haider al-Abadi, an Arab Shi ite Muslim.    One of Talabani s sons, Qubad, is the current deputy prime minister of the autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq. ",1
18443,"Opposition leader's deputy flees Cambodia, fearing for safety","PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - An outspoken deputy of Cambodia s detained opposition leader fled the country on Tuesday, saying she feared for her safety after Prime Minister Hun Sen threatened further arrests of opposition politicians. Kem Sokha, leader of the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), was arrested on Sept. 3 and charged with treason in a widening crackdown on critics of Hun Sen, which his opponents say is a ploy to win an election next year.  Without a true opposition and with the wide level of fear, there s no hope for free and fair elections in 2018,  Mu Sochua, 63, told Reuters after leaving Cambodia, adding that she  did not feel safe .  Democracy in Cambodia is very rapidly eroding to a point where no other opposing forces are left to fight dictatorship,  she said. Government spokesman Phay Siphan said Mu Sochua had  left of her own choice  and he did not know whether authorities had planned to arrest her. Known internationally for campaigns to fight sex trafficking and assert women s rights, Mu Sochua had been among the most vocal opposition politicians in Cambodia since Kem Sokha was arrested and accused of plotting to take power with U.S. help. She told Reuters last week that around half the CNRP s members of parliament had fled the country in fear. Hun Sen, who has ruled for more than three decades, threatened more arrests of opposition politicians on Monday, attacking them as  rebels in the city  bent on staging a  colour revolution  despite past failures. Western countries have condemned the arrest of Kem Sokha and called for his release, saying the credibility of next year s election is in doubt, but they have given no sign of taking measures against the government. Meanwhile, China has voiced support for the government of Hun Sen, 65. He is a former commander in the Khmer Rouge who later defected from the group whose genocide devastated Cambodia in the 1970s. Strong gains by the CNRP at local council elections in June had pointed to a tough battle for Hun Sen in next year s general election. Despite years of annual economic growth of around 7 percent that have helped transform Cambodia from a failed state, popular anger has grown over inequality and accusations of cronyism. In his first comments since his arrest, Kem Sokha said in a Facebook posting on Monday that he was seeking positive change in Cambodia through the ballot box and not through revolution as charged. One of his three deputies remains in Cambodia. The evidence presented against Kem Sokha so far is a video from 2013 in which he tells supporters that he has support from unidentified Americans for a plan to gain power. ",1
18444,"Britain is ready to walk away with no deal on Brexit, Davis says","MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Britain wants to negotiate a Brexit agreement with the European Union, but is ready to walk away with no deal, Brexit minister David Davis said on Tuesday, warning that any error in the talks could cost them billions of pounds. At the annual conference of the Conservative Party, Davis told members the government did not want to fail in the talks to unravel more than 40 years of union, but officials were  contingency planning  to make sure all scenarios were covered. British Prime Minister Theresa May has tried to unblock the talks with EU leaders, after they stalled over disagreements on the final divorce bill, by making concessions on the role of the European court and the financial settlement. But earlier on Tuesday, the European Parliament passed a non-binding motion calling on EU leaders to conclude at a summit on Oct. 19-20 that Brexit talks had not made sufficient progress to justify opening trade negotiations with Britain.  On the negotiating front, we are aiming for a good deal. And that is what we expect to achieve. However, if the outcome of the negotiation falls short of the deal that Britain needs we will be ready for the alternative,  Davis said.  That is what a responsible government does. Anything else would be a dereliction of duty.  Davis, who said Britain was nearing agreement with the EU on citizens rights - one of three issues to be settled in the first round of negotiations, criticized the main opposition Labour Party for having an unclear position on Brexit   This is the most complex negotiation you could imagine, where one oversight, one error could cost the taxpayer billions of pounds,  he said. ",1
18445,Grenades thrown at homes of Ugandan MPs opposed to extending president's rule,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Grenades were thrown overnight at the homes of two Ugandan legislators opposed to scrapping the presidential age limit and thereby extending President Yoweri Museveni s more than 31 years in power. One of the legislators, Robert Kyagulanyi, was later arrested by police, his aide said. Kyagulanyi and fellow legislator Allan have been outspoken in efforts to resist an ongoing effort to change the constitution to allow Museveni to seek another term in elections set for 2021.  Museveni has been president since January 1986. Two grenades were thrown at Ssewanyana s residence and three others at Kyagulanyi s. Both legislators were among MPs forcefully ejected from the parliament chamber last week by Uganda s special forces.  The grenades were thrown,  police spokesman Asan Kasingye told Reuters early Tuesday. He said police were investigating, but dismissed as  absurd  the idea that the attacks were politically motivated. Talking to local NBS TV, Ssewanyana said he was scared but would not give up the fight against the constitutional change.  I can t give up and am calling upon all Ugandans not to give up because this is a serious fight. What shows the seriousness is the attacks that they have now started against us ... Attacks involving weapons,  he said.  Police later arrested Kyagulanyi as he left his home on the outskirts of the capital Kampala, his personal assistant, Hakim Katongole, told Reuters.  Kyagulanyi, a top Ugandan musician with a stage name Bobi Wine, joined politics after winning a parliamentary seat in a repeat election in June.  Another police spokesman told Reuters the legislator was arrested for a range of alleged offences including malicious damage, assault of officers on duty, causing bodily harm and others committed during the House brawl. During the fighting, microphone stands were plucked and used as crude weapons, chairs were thrown and bench seats were damaged. The fighting in the chamber pitted legislators opposed to extending Museveni s rule against special forces and legislators favoring the extension. At least five MPs were hospitalized for injuries sustained as they were dragged out of the chamber by plain-clothes security guards that opposition MPs said were special forces soldiers. ",1
18446,"U.N. says 78,000 civilians could be trapped in Iraq's Hawija","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Up to 78,000 people could be trapped in Islamic State-held Hawija in northern Iraq, the United Nations said on Tuesday, as security forces push to recapture the town. Iraq started an offensive on Sept. 21 to seize Hawija, which fell to the hands of militants after the Iraqi army collapsed in 2014 in the face of the Islamic State offensive and remains the last militant-held town in the country s north. U.N. humanitarian spokesman Jens Laerke said the number of people who have fled the fighting has increased from 7,000 people during the first week of the operation to some 12,500 people now. But up to 78,000 remain trapped, he said.  Iraqi security officials say the militants prevent some residents from leaving, while others are afraid of escaping toward government forces because of the explosives that might have been laid by Islamic State around the town.   We remain concerned for the lives and well-being of these vulnerable civilians and remind those doing the fighting that civilians must be protected at all times and allowed to safely leave Hawija,  Laerke said. Laerke said more people were expected to flee the fighting in areas around Hawija in the next 24 to 48 hours as security forces push into more densely populated areas. Hawija, north of Baghdad, and a stretch of land along the Syrian border, west of the Iraqi capital, are the last stretches of territory in Iraq still in the hands of Islamic State. ",1
18447,"Israel sees Assad winning Syria war, urges more U.S. involvement","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel s defense minister said on Tuesday President Bashar al-Assad was winning Syria s civil war and urged the United States to weigh in as Damascus s Iranian and Hezbollah allies gain ground. Avigdor Lieberman s comments marked a reversal for Israel, where top officials had from the outset of fighting in 2011 until mid-2015 regularly predicted Assad would lose control of his country and be toppled.   I see a long international queue lining up to woo Assad, include Western nations, including moderate Sunnis. Suddenly everyone wants to get close to Assad. This is unprecedented. Because Assad is winning, everyone is standing in line,  he told  Israel s Walla news site. In late 2015, Russia helped Assad turn the tide with a military intervention that put Moscow s forces in the field alongside Israel s most potent foes - Iran and the Lebanese guerrilla group Hezbollah - opposite Syrian rebels.  The United States has focused its Syria operations on fighting rebel jihadis like Islamic State - dismaying Israel, which has tried to persuade both Washington and Moscow that Iran s expanding clout is the greater threat. In its decades under Assad family rule, Syria has been an enemy of Israel, with their armies clashing in 1948, 1967, 1973 and 1982. While largely keeping out of the Syrian civil war, Israel has tried to sway the world powers involved in the conflict and cautioned it could strike militarily to prevent Iran and Hezbollah entrenching further on its northern front.  We hope the United States will be more active in the Syrian arena and the Middle East in general,  Lieberman said.  We are faced with Russians, Iranians, and also the Turks and Hezbollah, and this is no simple matter to deal with, on a daily basis.  Lieberman did not elaborate on what actions he sought from the Donald Trump administration, which Israel has been lobbying for reassurances that Iranian and Hezbollah forces will not be allowed to deploy near its border or set up bases within Syria.  The United States has quite a few challenges of its own, but as a trend - the more the United States will be active, the better it will be for the State of Israel,  Lieberman said.         (The story is refiled to add dropped source in third paragraph) ",1
18448,Britain to limit acid sales after steep rise in assaults,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Britain will limit sales of sulphuric acid and outlaw the sale of such corrosive substances to children after a spate of assaults and its possible use to make bombs, interior minister Amber Rudd said on Tuesday. Much to public alarm, the number of incidents where assailants have used acid has risen sharply, with police figures suggesting there had been more than 400 corrosive substance attacks in the six months to April this year. Many victims were left with serious, life-changing injuries as a result. The proposed new laws will make it illegal to sell the most harmful corrosive substances to under-18s while the carrying of acid in public without good reason will be banned.  Acid attacks are absolutely revolting,  Home Secretary Rudd told party activists at the Conservative Party Conference in the northern English city of Manchester.  You have all seen the pictures of victims that never fully recover; endless surgeries, lives ruined.   Rudd said she also intended to  drastically  limit the public sale of sulphuric acid because of its use in making the highly volatile triacetone triperoxide (TATP), known as  mother of Satan , which is often used as a detonator in home-made explosives. Police say TATP was used in an attempted bombing on a packed London underground train last month which injured 30 people. The bomb engulfed a carriage in flames but failed to explode fully. At the moment, businesses that sell sulphuric acid have to tell the police of any theft or loss, but the new law would mean anyone wanting to buy it above a certain concentration would have to have a Home Office license. Rudd also announced plans to further restrict the online sale of knives to under-18s following a significant increase in the number of stabbings. ",1
18449,Iraq parliament votes to halt transactions with Kurdistan: state TV,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s parliament voted on Tuesday on  a formula to halt financial transactions  with the Kurdistan region, in retaliation for last week s independence referendum, Iraqi State TV said, without specifying if vote was binding on the government. The formula would   preserve the interests  of Kurdish citizens, the channel said, hinting that the measures would target the Kurdish leadership.  The channel gave no further details. ",1
18450,U.S. calls on Russia to release Crimean dissident: State Dept,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States was  deeply troubled  by the conviction and jail sentence of a Crimean dissident opposed to Russia s annexation of Ukraine s Crimea and called on Tuesday for his release, the State Department said. A Russian court last week found Crimean Tatar leader Ilmi Umerov guilty of separatism and sentenced him to two years in a prison colony.  He was convicted for his opposition to Russia s attempted annexation of Crimea and given a harsher sentence than the Russian occupation prosecutor requested,  the State Department said in a statement.  This compounds past injustices in the case, including his confinement for several weeks of punitive psychiatric treatment in 2016. We call on the Russian occupation authorities to immediately release Umerov and vacate his conviction.   ",1
18451,"Skirting Kurdish issue, France says Iraq's Abadi Paris visit to boost ties","PARIS (Reuters) - France appeared to backtrack on Tuesday on efforts to mediate between Iraq s government and Kurdish regional authorities, saying a visit by Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi would center on bilateral ties and fighting Islamist militants. Abadi is due in Paris on Wednesday for a two-day visit. While the invitation had been made prior to an independence vote held in Iraqi Kurdistan last month, President Emmanuel Macron s office on Friday issued a statement offering to help ease tensions between Baghdad and the Kurds. That drew a response from Abadi s office on Saturday in which Iraqi officials made clear that the invitation was not related to the Kurdish independence referendum.  President (Macron) ... recalled the importance of preserving unity and Iraq s (territorial) integrity while recognizing the rights of the Kurdish people,  the Elysee statement had said.  With the priority to fight Islamic State and the stabilization of Iraq, Iraqis must remain united.  But a statement issued on Tuesday by France s foreign ministry made no reference to the Kurdish referendum. At a briefing by Macron s office ahead of the visit, senior officials repeatedly avoided answering questions related to the Kurdish crisis, saying the visit was important to boost bilateral ties, assess the fight against Islamic State and discuss general reconciliation in Iraq.  At a time when the reconquest of territories held by Islamic State has seen considerable progress in the last few months, France wants to give the relationship with Iraq new momentum in all sectors and develop its cooperation, economic ties and political dialogue,  the foreign ministry statement said. A French diplomatic source said Paris  objective had been to try and get some form of dialogue going between the two leaders. With the Kurds being isolated by regional powers Turkey and Iran and the United States taking a tough stance on last month s vote, there was an opportunity for Paris, which has good ties with both Baghdad and Erbil, to try to act as a go-between.  The priority is to get dialogue going within the framework of the constitution,  one diplomat said. When asked on Tuesday whether France wanted to play a mediation role and had also invited Kurdish President Masoud Barzani to Paris, a French presidential source said it supported all efforts to get dialogue going and had not heard of any such invitation.  You can sense there s a certain amount of embarrassment about this,  said a second French diplomat. ",1
18452,Pakistani activist targeted by blast vows to maintain effort to rein in Taliban,"DERA ISMAIL KHAN, Pakistan (Reuters) - A Pakistani activist hunted by the Taliban vowed on Tuesday to keep up his struggle against militancy in the northern Swat Valley, just a day after he narrowly escaped a car blast that killed his father and a passenger.  Pakistani Taliban insurgents took partial control of the valley in 2007, before being ousted two years later in a major military operation hailed as a telling blow against Islamist violence. The group has since carried out revenge attacks against anti-Taliban activists and attempted to extort money from  businessmen in a region where Pakistan has stationed more than 4,000 soldiers.   I lost my father, and my uncle and cousin are critically wounded, but we will fight until we have rid the area of militants,  Ahmed Zeb, a member of a peace panel in the region, told Reuters. Police officials say a remote-controlled roadside blast that targeted Zeb s vehicle killed two people and injured two, although he escaped, as he was not in the vehicle at the time.  The attack was claimed by a spokesman for the Tehreek-e-Taliban, also known as the Pakistani Taliban, citing the peace committee s support for the  disbelievers . The term refers to Pakistan s security forces who have been fighting Taliban militants since 2001.   I believe the militants who escaped from here after the military operation are behind these attacks,  Zeb said.  It s possible they have informants in the region who help them identify targets. Zeb s peace panel groups councils headed by regional leaders, working with security officials to identify militants operating in the area and provide assistance during search operations.   We will continue our work for peace and law and order in the area,  Zeb said, adding that the government needed to take seriously the threat of more attacks on other peace panel members and their families. A spokesman for the country s interior ministry made no immediate comment on Zeb s remarks. More than 50 peace panel volunteers have been killed since 2009, with the last attack in May 2016, Zeb added.  Swat was the first sizeable region outside Pakistan s lawless tribal regions bordering Afghanistan to fall to the militants. More than 2,000 Taliban fighters have been driven out of the region, government officials say.  Since 2010, attacks have been a part of life there, such as an attempt in 2012 to assassinate Nobel peace laureate Malala Yousafzai, although murders have stopped in the past year, following a series of arrests by police. ",1
18453,"New 'walls' now divide Germany, president says","MAINZ, Germany (Reuters) - Germany s Sept. 24 national election has shown the country is divided by new, less visible  walls , President Frank-Walter Steinmeier said on Tuesday, the anniversary of German reunification. Speaking 27 years after East and West Germany were reunited following the 1989 fall of the Berlin Wall, Steinmeier said the election, which saw the far-right enter parliament, had exposed  large and small cracks  in society and he called on democratic lawmakers to work together to fight any return to nationalism.  On September 24th, it became clear that other walls have arisen, less visible, without barbed wire and death-strips, but walls that stand in the way of our common sense of  us ,  Steinmeier said in a speech in the western city of Mainz. Chancellor Angela Merkel won a fourth term in office in the election, but the vote brought a far-right party into parliament for the first time in more than half a century. A fractured vote means she will have to govern with a far less stable coalition. Merkel, who grew up in communist East Germany, said the reunification anniversary was  a day of joy . Reunified Germany carried a responsibility to uphold freedom at home and abroad, she said.  We know we cannot disconnect from what s going on in the world. Rather, we must take care that globalization is constructed humanely,  she added at celebrations in Mainz. But Steinmeier, a center-left Social Democrat who was foreign minister before taking up the largely ceremonial presidency role in March, said that Germany now has  walls between our living environments . He said these had sprung up  between city and country, online and offline, poor and rich, old and young - walls, from behind which people hardly understand anything of each other.  A poll on Monday showed nearly two-thirds of Germans still see divisions between those in the former communist East and the West, a sort of  Berlin Wall in the head . In Germany s new parliament, comprising six party groups compared to four previously,  political culture will change , Steinmeier said. The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) has vowed to  hunt  the new government, whatever its make-up. The president urged lawmakers to show that  democrats have better solutions than those who abuse democracy , and to never allow a return to nationalism. He said Germany needed a sense of  homeland  with a common, democratic, way forward. A leading member of the AfD, Alexander Gauland, provoked outrage last month for saying that Germans should no longer be reproached with their Nazi past and should take pride in what their soldiers achieved during World War One and Two.  Steinmeier said Germany needed an honest discussion about immigration - the issue that fueled the rise of the AfD after Merkel s 2015 decision to leave German borders open to around 1 million refugees, mostly fleeing war in the Middle East. He called for discussion about how much migration Germany wants, and needs, adding that this could mean new guidelines.  In my view, this means not simply wishing away migration but ... defining legal admission to Germany, which regulates and controls migration by our stipulations,  he said. ",1
18454,Young migrants face more dangers after reaching Italy,"ROME (Reuters) - Mamadu Bassir sits eating a breakfast of warm milk and cookies in a migrants shelter in Rome - one of nearly 65,000 lone youngsters who have survived the perilous sea journey from North Africa to Italy in the past four years. His meal finished, the gangly 17-year-old tells the story of his trip from Guinea, via a Libyan prison where a guard knocked out three of his teeth with a club, to his crossing of the Mediterranean, where he watched a friend drown in front of him. Both fell into the water as migrants scrabbled out of their deflating rubber boat to reach rescuers. Bassir could not swim but someone threw him a life-jacket just in time.  I fell in the sea, but Italians saved me,  he says. Then he puts his head on the table and starts to cry. For many of his fellow young migrants, the dangers do not stop when they reach dry land.  Four months ago, Italy passed a law aimed at protecting child immigrants, even those who do not qualify as refugees, providing them with housing, food, healthcare and an education. But without adult guidance and under pressure to send money home, campaigners say thousands end up back in the hands of smugglers or exploited to work long hours for little pay. Many want to reach relatives in other European countries, but increased border security in France, Switzerland and Austria often means they have to pay high fees to be smuggled north.  They (the minors) are the most vulnerable elements of this big phenomenon called migration,  said Kostas Moschochoritis, head of humanitarian group Intersos, which operates the shelter for unaccompanied minors in Rome where Bassir, who has nowhere to go, has been sleeping.  It has hosted 4,000 unaccompanied minors since 2011, and just opened a new shelter with more beds on the outskirts of the capital.   More than 5,000 minors have left the communities where they had been living this year,  said Raffaela Milano, a director at Save the Children in Italy.  Of these, it s inevitable that some are exploited.    We have the stereotype in Europe that they are adults because they have been through so much. It s not true. They are still kids,  Milano said.  Syed Hasnain, a 28-year-old Afghan, arrived in Italy a decade ago. His mother sent him away when he was 10 years old to keep the Taliban from taking him to fight. Now he helps youngsters like Bassir.  The fundamental thing that they want to do when they arrive in Italy is to get a job,  Hasnain said.   Italians cannot give him jobs  because the teenagers, mostly boys, do not yet speak Italian, so  he goes to the people from his country... they know that he needs money because his family puts pressure on him  to send money home, Hasnain said.  The majority of them, they say,  I miss my family, my country, my culture, my society, but the main thing that I miss is my mum,  he said.  For now, Bassir is making his way with the help of charities like Intersos. He is taking Italian classes, and has an immigration lawyer helping get the documents he needs to either work legally or to go to school. He longs to see his mother in Guinea, but is determined to stay where he is.  If I stay in Europe, I ll have more of a future,  he says.  ",1
18455,Factbox: Main elements in France's counter-terrorism bill,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s National Assembly (lower house of parliament) will vote to adopt a counter-terrorism bill on Tuesday, including measures to increase police and intelligence agency powers when there is a security threat or reason to believe an attack is planned. The bill, still subject to amendments but expected to be definitively approved by mid-October, will transpose into law several powers granted to the police and other agencies under a state of emergency that began in November 2015, after the Islamist attacks in Paris that killed 130 people.  The state of emergency, the most sweeping anti-terrorism powers in Europe, will expire at the end of October.  Below is an outline of the measures that will come into force if the bill passes into law. Human rights and legal experts have raised concerns about the sweep of the proposals, including the fact that in some cases the interior ministry would be able to act without judicial oversight. Under the proposals, the legislation would remain in place until at least 2021, and the government will have to report to parliament annually on how it is using the new powers. ** The interior ministry would have the power to designate public spaces as security zones for up to a month, limiting who could enter and leave (both vehicles and people) and with wide powers to stop and search within the perimeter. Private security guards, under police supervision, would be granted similar stop and search powers. ** The interior ministry would have the power to shut down places of worship if there are suspicions that they are being used to propagate hate speech or incitement to violence, to provoke acts of terrorism or to justify terrorist acts. The closures could be for up to six months, with the religious sites having 48 hours to lodge an appeal with judicial authorities against the decision. ** The interior ministry would have the power to limit the movement of people considered a national security threat. The  individual administrative control and surveillance measures  would compel a person to remain in a defined geographic area, report to the police three times a week, report any change of residence and potentially submit to an electronic surveillance bracelet. ** The interior ministry, with approval from a judge, would have the freedom to search private property and seize documents, objects or goods if there is a suspicion of terrorist activity being planned or to prevent a terrorist act being carried out. ",1
18456,Sinn Fein eyes Northern Ireland power-sharing deal by end October,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - A deal can be done by the end of October to restore Northern Ireland s power-sharing government, Sinn Fein s leader in the region said on Tuesday, raising a possible compromise with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).  Unless the two sides clinch an agreement, the British government will be forced to bypass the regional assembly and move toward direct rule from London, potentially destabilizing the delicate political balance in the British province.  Northern Ireland s two largest parties have failed to reach agreement on reforming the devolved administration since its collapse in January and Britain s minister for Northern Ireland has told them they are rapidly running out of time to do so.  Throughout the Irish peace process we have been through very difficult times and we have been able to find a way forward,  Michelle O Neill told Reuters on the sidelines of the Conservative Party Conference in the English city of Manchester.  We are in intensive negotiations and we will continue to work our way through it. I believe it can be done but obviously we are into a crucial period in the next couple of weeks,  she said when asked if a deal could be done by the end of the month. Irish nationalists Sinn Fein s demand that improved rights for Irish language speakers must be introduced via a standalone piece of legislation remains the biggest impediment to reaching an agreement with the pro-British DUP. However O Neill said on Tuesday that legislation to promote the culture and language of Ulster Scots - a DUP demand - could be implemented side by side with an Irish Language Act, raising the prospect of the rival parties finding common ground.  Let s respect everybody s identity: Let s bring forward legislation for Ulster Scots alongside legislation for Irish language. They can be two pieces of legislation. Let s look,  said O Neill, who took over from Martin McGuinness shortly before his death this year. DUP leader Arlene Foster, whose party also props up the Conservative government in the British parliament, told the same event that  solid progress  was being made in the talks. While the restoration of the devolved government would give Northern Ireland a greater say in Brexit negotiations, the two parties that would lead it remain polarized on the issue.  O Neill reiterated the need for Northern Ireland to be given special status in the EU to ensure the border to the south with EU-member Ireland remains open while Foster insisted that there could not be any barriers between the province and the rest of the United Kingdom.  We should leave the customs union and we should leave the single market. You can t be any clearer than that,  Foster said. ",1
18457,University of Nairobi closed as anger rises over police brutality,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Administrators closed Kenya s oldest university on Tuesday, citing fears for students  safety in a planned protest over police beatings at a campus demonstration last week. Kenyan police frequently face accusations of brutality and extrajudicial killings from civilians and rights groups, but officers are rarely charged and almost never convicted.  Despite this, Kenya, an economic and transport hub in East Africa and a key Western ally in a volatile region, receives substantial financial support for its security services from international donors, including the United States and Britain.   Rights groups say at least 28 people were killed, mostly by police, in unrest following the Aug. 8 election, whose results were later nullified by the Supreme Court due to irregularities.  A re-run of the presidential vote is scheduled for Oct. 26 and the conduct of the police will be closely watched.  On Sept. 28, University of Nairobi students protested against the arrest of an opposition lawmaker. Police responded by entering dormitories and classrooms, dragging out students, beating them with clubs and firing tear gas, according to a Reuters witness. The university said 27 students were injured.  A police spokesman did not respond to requests for comment but a presidential spokesman told local radio on Monday that robbers were hiding among the students.  On Tuesday, students had planned to demonstrate against the beatings but instead administrators shut down the university.   The (University of Nairobi) Senate has decided to send the students home for their (own) safety,  John Orindi, the university s corporate affairs director, told Reuters. On Tuesday morning, riot policemen stood near a truck with water cannon outside the campus gates.  A 20-year-old veterinary student who did not want to be named for fear of retribution said students wanted the vice chancellor to resign  for allowing anti-riot police to enter campus and seriously injure students . University officials had talks on Monday with the interior minister, police chief and the head of a Kenyan government watchdog that is charged with investigating complaints against the police. ",1
18458,Four killed as militants attack airport security camp in Indian-controlled Kashmir,"SRINAGAR (Reuters) - Indian police on Tuesday killed three suspected militants in army uniforms after they infiltrated a security camp beside the main airport in the disputed region of Kashmir, officials said, an assault claimed by an Islamist group. One Indian security official was killed and three wounded in a gun fight that followed. Islamist group Jaish-e-Mohammad has taken responsibility for the attack, Kashmir police chief Muneer Khan said. Under cover of darkness, the militants cut a fence to enter the camp in the early hours of Tuesday, he added. The security camp of India s Border Security Force shares a boundary wall with the airport in Srinagar, the summer capital of Kashmir. Its main gate was about 500 meters (0.3 miles) from the airport.     Airport flight operations were briefly disrupted. Militants have targeted police camps in Kashmir in recent months. Eight Indian police officials were killed when Jaish-e-Mohammad militants attacked a security camp in southern Kashmir in August. India accuses Pakistan of training and arming militants and helping them infiltrate across the Line of Control that divides Kashmir. Pakistan denies those allegations. The South Asian neighbors have fought two of their three wars since independence in 1947 over Muslim-majority Kashmir, which both claim in full but each rules in part. ",1
18459,"In latest twist in Japan election drama, Tokyo's Koike says won't seek seat","TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, whose new party is challenging Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling bloc in the Oct. 22 national election, said she would  100 percent  not run in the poll, the latest twist in a drama giving voters whiplash. Speculation has persisted that Koike, a former LDP member and defense minister, would resign to run for a seat in parliament needed to make a bid for the premiership.  I have been saying I will not run for the election from the beginning,  Koike said in an interview with the Yomiuri newspaper reported on Tuesday.  I m 100 percent not running for the election.  She later repeated the comment to reporters.  If Koike does not personally contest this election, then analysts believe she would hope her party positions itself to win the next national poll, and that she gains a voter boost from the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.  Abe announced the snap election last week in hopes his Liberal Democratic Party-led coalition would keep its majority in parliament s lower house, where it held a two-thirds  super majority  before the chamber was dissolved. But Koike s new Party of Hope - launched just last week as a  reformist, conservative  alternative to Abe s equally conservative LDP - has clouded the outlook amid signs voters are disillusioned with Abe after nearly five years in power. Koike s dilemma was whether to run for a seat now and face a backlash from voters for quitting as governor little more than a year since she defied the LDP to run successfully for the post, or risk letting a shot at the top job slip through her fingers. Some analysts saw her decision not to seek a seat now as a sign Koike thinks her party s momentum is fading.  She must have thought it would not be worthwhile abandoning the post of Tokyo governor to become a head of an opposition,   said Tetsuro Kato, a professor emeritus at Hitotsubashi University. Koike has been getting negative media coverage for saying she would  exclude  candidates who do not agree with her party s policies - a stance seen as barring liberal members of the failed main opposition Democratic Party from joining. Leaders of the Democratic Party - a fractious mix of conservatives and liberals - decided last week it would not run candidates of its own but let members run from Koike s party. Koike s comment was applauded by some as an effort to ensure policy consistency but by others as a dictatorial maneuver.  She s branding a very new party and has to make clear what it stands for, but the danger is that while Abe owned the  arrogance of power  space, she is now vying for some of that,  said Jeffrey Kingston, director of Asian studies at Temple University Japan.  Abe s support rates fell earlier this year due to suspected cronyism scandals and many voters  perception that he had grown complacent and arrogant after nearly five years in office.  His rating later rebounded but dropped again to 37 percent in the latest poll by public broadcaster NHK. Koike s party is insisting those who want to run on its ticket sign a policy pledge, including revising the pacifist constitution and exercising the right of collective self-defense, or militarily aiding allies under attack-defense, a document seen by Reuters showed.  Many liberals balk at those policies. Koike s party on Tuesday unveiled a list of 192 candidates for the lower house election. That compares with 233 seats needed for a simple majority.  The party plans to announce more candidates in the coming days, but a senior party member conceded that it will be a tall order to win a majority.   Although (fielding) 233 candidates is a very high mountain, we would like to finish climbing it. On the other hand, in actuality, it would be considerably difficult for us alone to gain a majority even if we fielded 233,  said Goshi Hosono, a founding member of the party and former environment minister.   Further complicating the outlook, liberals from the Democratic Party launched a Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan. The CSDP could split the opposition vote and help Abe s bloc keep its majority, but by how much is tough to predict.  Koike is tough, she s resilient and she can tap into the fact that Abe s negative ratings are pretty high and a lot of people out there are unhappy with him,  Kingston said. ",1
18460,Belgium withdraws residence permit of 'Salafist' Saudi imam,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Belgium took steps to expel a Saudi imam who preaches at the country s biggest mosque for spreading extremist ideology, the immigration minister said on Tuesday. The imam s residence permit was withdrawn as a prelude to expelling him. He had lodged an appeal against that decision which, if it failed, would oblige him to leave the country, Minister Theo Francken told radio station BelRTL. Brussels  Grand Mosque, which was leased to Saudi Arabia for 99 years in the 1960s as part of an energy deal, has faced repeated accusations from local politicians of propagating ultra-conservative forms of Islam.  There is a problem with the Grand Mosque... I have taken the decision to withdraw the residence permit of the imam of that mosque,  Francken said.  We have had some very clear indications that he was very radicalized, Salafist and conservative. He was dangerous for our society and national security.  Francken did not name of the imam, who the ministry also declined to name when contacted by Reuters. Authorities at the mosque were not immediately available for comment. The Salafist movement - which is strongly influenced by Saudi Arabia s Wahhabi school of Islam - sees many other branches of the faith as heretical has been linked to militant groups such as Islamic State. A judge will decide in the coming weeks on the imam s appeal. ",1
18461,"Japan accepts 3 refugees in first half of 2017, despite record asylum seekers","TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan accepted just three refugees in the first half of 2017 despite receiving a record 8,561 fresh asylum applications, the government said on Tuesday, highlighting the nation s reluctance to accept foreigners. Only four refugees were accepted in the first half of 2016, when fresh asylum applications totaled 5,011, the Justice Ministry said. The Human Rights Watch in January described Japan s record on asylum seekers  as  abysmal . Unlike other industrialized nations, which have accepted or even encouraged immigration to refresh their labor force, Japan has remained unwelcoming, even though its shrinking, aging population is a key reason behind the economy s slow growth. Supporters of Japan s tough asylum process argue that the small number accepted is a consequence of a surge in bogus applications due to changes made to rules in 2010 allowing applicants to work after six months until a decision is made on their claims.  There appears to have been an increase in the number of people who are abusing the refugee status process,  said Yasuhiro Hishida, an official who reviews applications at the Justice Ministry. ",1
18462,Kremlin tells supporters of detained critic Navalny to shun illegal protests,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin on Tuesday warned supporters of detained opposition leader Alexei Navalny not to hold unsanctioned rallies, saying the organizers of such events would be prosecuted. A Russian court sentenced Navalny to his third jail term this year on Monday, disrupting plans by the long-time Kremlin critic to campaign before Russia s presidential election in 2018. His 20-day jail term means he will miss a campaign rally planned in President Vladimir Putin s hometown of St Petersburg on Oct. 7 - the Russian leader s birthday. The Kremlin warned Navalny s supporters to refrain from holding any unsanctioned rallies in his absence.  Public calls for unsanctioned events and rallies run counter to the legislation in force and, certainly, their organizers will be prosecuted,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. ",1
18463,Report on MH370 finds 'initially similar' route on pilot's flight simulator,"SYDNEY/SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The captain of the Malaysian Airlines aircraft that vanished somewhere in the southern Indian Ocean with 239 people on board had flown a route on his home flight simulator six weeks earlier that was  initially similar  to the one actually taken, Australian authorities said on Tuesday.  The details were contained in a 440-page final report by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) on the unsuccessful search for flight MH370.  The disappearance of the Boeing 777 on March 8, 2014, on a flight to Beijing from the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur, has become one of the world s greatest aviation mysteries. The report concluded that the reasons for the loss of the aircraft could not be established with certainty until the aircraft was found.  It is almost inconceivable and certainly societally unacceptable in the modern aviation era...for a large commercial aircraft to be missing and for the world not to know with certainty what became of the aircraft and those on board,  the ATSB said. The aircraft was thought to have been diverted thousands of miles off course out over the southern Indian Ocean before crashing off the coast of Western Australia. Australia, which led the underwater hunt, and Malaysia and China called off a A$200 million ($160 million) search for the plane in January, despite the protests of families of those onboard.   Six weeks before the aircraft s disappearance, Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah used his home simulator to fly a route that was initially similar to part of the route flown by MH370 up the Strait of Malacca, with a left-hand turn and track into the southern Indian Ocean, the ATSB said in its report.  By the last data point the aircraft had flown approximately 4,200 nautical miles,  the report said.  This was further than was possible with the fuel loaded on board the aircraft for flight MH370.  The simulated aircraft track was also inconsistent with those modeled using satellite signal data from MH370, the report said.  However, the ATSB said there were enough similarities to the flight path of MH370 for the agency to carefully consider the possible implications for the underwater search area, including whether it glided after fuel exhaustion or was ditched in a controlled manner.  Aircraft debris found later indicated the flaps were most likely retracted, which wasn t consistent with a controlled ditching, the report said. Australia s main scientific agency said in August it believes with  unprecedented precision and certainty  that the plane crashed northeast of the search zone. But those findings were dismissed by Australia s government at the time as not specific enough, and the search has not been re-opened. Doing so depends on finding credible, new evidence about the plane s whereabouts. The ATSB report published on Tuesday detailed the unsuccessful 1,046-day hunt for the plane, above and below the surface of the Indian Ocean, and scientific analyses of satellite pictures, sea currents and even barnacles found clinging to a piece of the plane found on Reunion Island.  The understanding of where MH370 may be located is better now than it has ever been. The underwater search has eliminated most of the high probability areas,  the ATSB said.  We...deeply regret that we have not been able to locate the aircraft, nor those 239 souls on board that remain missing.  It recommends aircraft and aircraft equipment manufacturers investigate providing better methods of automated satellite tracking for planes if they encounter problems during flight in future. Malaysia has continued to investigate the plane s whereabouts and in August said it received an offer from a private seabed exploration firm, Ocean Infinity, to resume the search.     Malaysian investigators said in 2015 there was nothing suspicious in the financial, medical or personal histories of pilots or crew. (For a graphic on The world's largest search, click tmsnrt.rs/2xbonEn) ",1
18464,Islamic State claims attack on Damascus police station,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Islamic State said three of its fighters carried out an attack on a Damascus police station on Monday in which 17 people were reportedly killed. In a statement distributed on an Islamic State channel via the Telegram messaging service on Tuesday, the jihadist group said two of the fighters fired shots in the station before blowing themselves up. The third blew himself up later as  reinforcements  arrived. Pro-Damascus newspaper al-Watan said 17 people were killed in the attack in the al-Midan neighborhood of Damascus, the first of its kind in the capital since July. The Syrian government has not issued a casualty toll. ",1
18465,Catalan leader calls for international mediation in Madrid stand-off,"MADRID/BARCELONA (Reuters) - The secessionist leader of Catalonia called for international mediation on Monday in the region s dispute with Madrid, a day after hundreds of people were hurt as police swung truncheons and fired rubber bullets to disrupt an independence referendum. Results showed voters had overwhelmingly backed independence in the referendum, which Spain has ruled illegal and which opponents of secession mostly boycotted. The vote was valid and must be implemented, said Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont.  It is not a domestic matter,  he told a news conference on Monday. He said it was  obvious that we need mediation , adding:  We don t want a traumatic break ... We want a new understanding with the Spanish state.  Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy met leaders of other political parties and his conservative government issued a statement saying he was seeking a joint response to the crisis. He also spoke to other European leaders and thanked them for supporting Spain s constitutional order, the statement said. In Barcelona, hundreds of students gathered in a central square to protest at Sunday s police crackdown, chanting pro-independence slogans and waving Catalan flags. The government crackdown had  provoked an unacceptable totalitarian situation using state violence,  student Albert Lopez said. Another protest was held later outside the headquarters of the Spanish National Police in Barcelona. Elsewhere, life in the city returned to near normal, but the violence had clearly left people in shock and may have hardened attitudes among those who favor independence.  There is no possibility of dialogue now with the government. We are clear on that,  said a 51-year-old retired worker who declined to give his name. Spain s wealthiest region, wedged in the northeast on the Mediterranean coast below the mountainous border with France, has its own language and culture, and a growing minority there have nurtured hopes of independence for years. Madrid says the constitution prohibits secession and is non-negotiable. The crisis could deepen further if the Catalan regional parliament uses the vote as justification for a unilateral declaration of independence, as foreseen in the referendum law enacted by the region but rejected by Madrid. With 95 percent of the vote counted, authorities said the  Yes  vote stood at 90.1 percent, on a turnout of 2.26 million out of 5.34 million registered voters. Polls before Sunday s vote put support for secession at only around 40 percent, but most opponents were expected to boycott the vote. The Spanish government has taken the risk that its violent crackdown could increase support for the secessionists. Puigdemont, who held the vote in defiance of a court order,  urged Rajoy to say whether he was in favor of mediation, which he said should be overseen by the European Union. He said Brussels had been timid and lacked courage on the matter. An EU spokesman declined to say whether the Union would mediate, although it would be unusual for Brussels to take such a step within one of the bloc s own member states. Other European leaders have mostly shied away from commenting on what they consider an internal matter, although some have expressed alarm at the violence. Rajoy held meetings on Monday with Pedro Sanchez, leader of the opposition Socialists, and centrist Albert Rivera. Rivera called on Rajoy to suspend Catalan autonomy and hold elections in the region to change the nationalist-led government there, something Madrid has not ruled out. Sanchez urged the prime minister, who takes a hard line against Catalan separatism, to start a dialogue with Puigdemont. He disapproved of the police charges which left many injured on Sunday, a Socialist Party statement said. Spain s two biggest trade union federations, the General Union of Workers (UGT) and Workers  Committees (Comisiones Obreras), distanced themselves from calls by pro-independence groups and trade unions in Catalonia on Sunday for a general strike in the region on Tuesday. Elsewhere in Spain, Catalonia s bid for independence is fiercely opposed and led to pro-unity demonstrations in many cities from Zaragoza to Madrid over the weekend.  I don t agree with the police charging at people but, on the other hand, when you do something illegal you have to take responsibility for the risks,  said Madrid resident Gemma Lopez. Any move to impose central control over the region of 7.5 million people risks hurting Spain s emergence from years of recession. Financial markets were rattled. Spain s borrowing costs surged and its blue-chip stock index fell 1.2 percent.[.EU] Ratings agency Fitch said the confrontational nature of the vote in Catalonia increased Spain s near-term political risks and would make a negotiated solution more complicated, but said it views Catalonia s secession from Spain as very unlikely. Catalonia is a center of industry and tourism accounting for a fifth of Spain s economy, a production base for major multi-nationals from Volkswagen to Nestle, and home to Europe s fastest-growing sea port. Although it already has extensive autonomy, its tax revenues are crucial to Spain s state budget. The events in Catalonia have forced Rajoy to delay talks over next year s budget after a key political group withdrew support for his minority government until the issue is resolved. But other parties  sharing his opposition to Catalonia s secession suggests that his position is not in danger. The ballot, which asked voters if they wanted an independent republic, has no legal status as it was banned by Spain s Constitutional Court for being at odds with the 1978 constitution, which states Spain cannot be broken up. ",1
18466,Catalans should be allowed to determine their own future-Scottish govt,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - The Spanish region of Catalonia should be allowed to determine its own future, Scotland s devolved pro-independence government said, adding that the strength of Catalan feeling could not be ignored by the international community. The statement came after an independence vote organized by Catalonia s autonomous regional government on Sunday, ruled illegal by Madrid, erupted into violence as police tried to stop it going ahead.  The results of the vote overwhelmingly backed independence, although turnout was 42 percent because those in favor of keeping Spain as one country boycotted it. The autonomous Catalan government has called for international mediation.  Spain will maintain that this vote is not legitimate but the strength of feeling demonstrated cannot be ignored by Spain, nor by the wider European and international community,  Scotland s foreign minister Fiona Hyslop said.  There must now be dialogue to resolve this matter in a way that respects both democracy and the rule of law, and allows the people of Catalonia to determine their own future.  Scotland itself rejected independence from the United Kingdom in a binding 2014 referendum, although nationalists are still the dominant force in Scottish politics.   ",1
18467,Pakistan's ousted PM Sharif 'back with full force' as party chief,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan s ruling party on Tuesday re-elected ousted premier Nawaz Sharif as its leader, saying he was  back with full force , a day after using its parliamentary majority to amend a law to allow him to re-take the job. Jafar Iqbal, who headed a five-member election body, said Sharif had been elected party president unopposed by the Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz s (PML-N) central executive committee.  Sharif resigned as prime minister in July after the Supreme Court disqualified him for not declaring a source of income. He was also forced to step down as president of PML-N, though he kept control of the party and installed Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, a loyalist, as prime minister. Sharif s re-election as party chief brings him back into the  political fold, he said, contradicting those who thought he would no longer be relevant.  There have been attempts again and again to exit me, but you will always keep giving me an entry again and again,  Sharif told party workers after his election.  I congratulate that you re bringing Nawaz Sharif back with full force.    No one came forward to contest Sharif, Iqbal said amid clapping, thumping and slogans in support of Sharif in televised proceedings of the election in Islamabad. The former prime minister will lead the party for four years.    Nawaz Sharif is the symbol of economic development in Pakistan,  Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal said in his address to the party members.       Parliament amended a law on Monday to enable Sharif to re-take the PML-N leadership. Opposition lawmakers tore up paper copies of the Election Bill 2017, passed by the Senate last week, that allowed Sharif to become the party president again. The vote was more of a formality as PML-N has a vast majority. Sharif has appeared before an anti-corruption court and is expected to be indicted next week, along with three of his children.  The veteran leader denies any wrongdoing and has alleged there was a conspiracy against him, with senior PML-N figures pointing fingers at elements of Pakistan s powerful military. The army denies playing a role. ",1
18468,Philippine police chief says won't stop cops from seeking church sanctuary,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines  top police commander on Tuesday said he would not prevent officers involved in the country s bloody war on drugs from seeking church protection and testifying to their alleged abuses, providing they told the truth. Police chief Ronald dela Rosa was reacting to a statement from a senior Catholic prelate expressing  willingness to grant accommodation, shelter, and protection  to police involved in unlawful killings during the 15-month-old crackdown. More than 3,800 people have been killed during President Rodrigo Duterte s ruthless campaign, in what police say are anti-drugs operations during which suspects had violently resisted arrest. Human rights group believe that figure, provided by the Philippine National Police (PNP), misrepresents the scale of the bloodshed, pointing to large numbers of killings by shadowy gunmen. The PNP denies allegations that assassins are operating in league with some of its officers to kill drug users.  The pill may be bitter but we can swallow the bitter pill if that pill is true,  dela Rosa told reporters, adding that he had no information that any PNP members had approached the church and wanted to speak out.  Even if we are at the receiving end, we can take it as long as it is the truth, not just fabricated. The truth is important.  The PNP and Duterte have been on the defensive in recent weeks as scrutiny intensifies over the conduct of mostly plain-clothes officers during what the PNP calls  buy bust  sting operations. Duterte has several times stated that he has never told police to kill, unless in self defense. His critics, however, accuse him of inciting murder in his frequent, truculent speeches. The killings by police of two teenagers during August is the subject of an ongoing Senate inquiry. Opinion polls released in recent days, which were compiled in June, show doubt among Filipinos about police accounts. [nL4N1MD2U8] [nL4N1M82HN] Archbishop Socrates Villegas, president of the Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines (CBCP), on Monday said some police sought church help and were struggling to come to terms with their actions. He did not identify them, or say how many sought protection. He said the church would gauge their sincerity and honesty and establish their motives for coming forward. Priests would help  within the bounds of church and civil laws , but would not influence them to testify.   Their consciences are troubling them,  Villegas said.  They have expressed their desire to come out in the open about their participating in extrajudicial killings and summary executions.  Some Senators applauded the bishops  move and urged police to testify.  I welcome the willingness of these involved policemen to finally speak about their actual involvement in the extrajudicial killings,  Grace Poe said in a statement.  I laud the church in opening its arms wide to provide sanctuary for them.  Priests are among the most influential dissenters to take on Duterte, having initially been silent when the drugs killings started. Some churches have given sanctuary to drug users and witnesses of killings, while some priests have denounced the bloodshed during sermons and called for bells to be rang nightly in protest. [nL4N1M32IY] ",1
18469,Britain's May says does not set 'red lines' for ministers' behavior,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday she did not set  red lines  for the behavior of her ministers and said she welcomed different voices in her cabinet over how to secure the best Brexit deal. The annual conference of May s Conservative Party conference has been overshadowed by splits in her cabinet over how Britain will leave the European Union. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has set out his own terms for Brexit.  I don t set red lines,  May told BBC television.   Leadership is about ensuring that you have a team of people who aren t yes men, but a team of people of different voices around the table so that we can discuss matters, come to an agreement and then put that government view forward and that is exactly what we ve done.  ",1
18470,More than half of eligible Australians have so far voted in same-sex marriage ballot,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s Bureau of Statistics said on Tuesday 9.2 million people, or 57.5 percent of eligible voters, have cast their votes in a ballot on whether same-sex marriage should be legalized. Australians began voting last month in the non-binding poll, conducted by post, to inform the government on whether voters wanted Australia to become the 25th nation to permit same-sex marriage. The results of the poll will be declared on Nov. 15. The first official update suggests a high turnout is likely despite the ballot being non-compulsory. Turnout levels will go a long way in determining whether Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull can finally resolve a topic that has dogged his tenure as leader and threatened to split his centre-right government along ideological grounds. Low turnout would have seen the issue continue to dominate the political discourse whatever the result, underpinned by  questions of legitimacy in a country used to compulsory voting. The first official update on the progress of the same-sex marriage survey comes just a day after a Sky News ReachTel poll showed the  yes  vote on track for a comprehensive victory. More than 64 percent of those surveyed have sent back their ballot and voted  yes , the poll showed, with a further six percent planning to support same-sex marriage.   A widespread victory may do little, however, to heal a divided the nation of 24 million people, which has split along religious and generational lines and at times has threatened to turn nasty, prompting parliament to strengthen laws preventing hate-speech. ",1
18471,Australia to fit warships with anti-missile defense systems,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Tuesday nine war ships set for construction in 2020 will be fitted with long-range  anti-missile defense systems to counter the threat of rogue nations. Australia s proposed frigates will use Aegis combat systems, produced by Lockheed Martin, in conjunction with SAAB Australia technology, Turnbull said. Tensions in the region have spiked considerably in recent months as North Korea conducted a series of tests of its medium- and long-range ballistic missiles, some of which flew over Japan, as well as its sixth nuclear test on Sept. 3. Pyongyang, which ultimately wants to target the U.S. mainland with a nuclear-tipped ballistic missile, has said its missiles could strike Australia.  Recent events in our region have proven that Australia s future frigates must be equipped to defend Australia from the threat of medium- and long-range missile attacks,  Turnbull said in a speech in Sydney. Work on the frigates is set to begin in 2020, with BAE Systems, Navantia and Fincantieri all competing for the A$35 billion ($27.39 billion) contract. Turnbull said the decision to award the missile defense system contract allows the three bidders enough time to incorporate Aegis technology into their bids. Australia is expected to announce the winner of the frigate contract in early 2018. The decision to fit the frigates - also a cornerstone of Australia s plan to counter an expected rise in submarine activity in the region - suggests Canberra will use the ships in a dual capacity.  The missile defense will protect Australia s forward based forces and in a coalition scenario,  said Euan Graham, director of the national security program at the Lowy Institute, an Australian think-tank. Countering submarines requires vessels that move freely in the region, in contrast to static vessels used for detecting missiles. The decision to use the Aegis ballistic missile defense systems brings Australia in line with U.S., Japanese and Korean vessels, allowing international cooperation, Vice Admiral Tim Barrett, Australia s navy chief, told reporters in Sydney.  The choice of the Aegis system allows Australia to plug into the U.S. alliance. They will be able to share data from vessels and potentially aircraft,  said Graham. The frigates will be the next major component of Australia s plan to increase defense spending by A$30 billion to be worth A$195 billion, or 2 percent of GDP, by 2021-2022 as Canberra seeks to protect its strategic and trade interests in the Asia-Pacific. Australia selected French naval contractor DCNS last year to build its fleet of 12 submarines, ahead of other offers from Japan and Germany, one the world s most lucrative defense contracts. ",1
18472,Top Myanmar official says 'young democracy' facing challenges,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - A top Myanmar official appealed on Monday for democracy in the country to be given  a chance to survive  amid international anger over a military campaign against Rohingya Muslims that the United Nations has described as ethnic cleansing. Some 507,000 Rohingya Muslim have fled to Bangladesh since insurgents attacked security posts near the border on Aug. 25, triggering fierce Myanmar military retaliation. Myanmar says more than 500 people have been killed, most of them insurgents. National Security Adviser Thaung Tun told Reuters that he has spoken with his U.S. counterpart, H.R. McMaster, on the phone and visited members of the U.S. Congress in Washington  last week. He said sanctions were not specifically discussed.  The United States called last week on countries to suspend providing weapons to Myanmar s military, but it stopped short of threatening to reimpose U.S. sanctions, which were suspended under the Obama administration.  We need to ensure that democracy has a chance to survive in Myanmar. This is a young democracy,  Thaung Tun told Reuters in an interview at the United Nations, noting that government leader and Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi has only been in office for 18 months.  Suu Kyi assumed power following a landslide election win after former military leaders initiated a political transition. For years, the United States and others imposed sanctions on Myanmar in support of Suu Kyi s campaign for democracy.  We have a lot of challenges and these challenges cannot be overcome in a day. Rome wasn t built in a day. So we can t undo 50 years of challenges,  said Thaung Tun, adding that he hoped to meet in person with McMaster, President Donald Trump s national security adviser, to brief him on the current situation. A Trump administration official said last month the violence made it harder for the United States and Myanmar to build warmer ties, and there would likely be some  easing  in the short term, but he did not expect a return to sanctions. Thaung Tun said he had not met privately with U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley but had spoken to her briefly on the sidelines of other meetings in New York.  The U.N. Security Council met publicly last week on Myanmar for the first time since 2009. Haley said the Myanmar authorities appeared to be carrying out  a brutal, sustained campaign to cleanse the country of an ethnic minority.  She said countries should stop supplying weapons to Myanmar until the military has sufficient accountability measures. Thaung Tun said  action has been taken against a number of policemen who exceeded their bounds in dealing with detainees.   We have very strict instructions for the security forces to carry out their duties within the bounds of the code of conduct,  he said.  Nobody is above the law.  He said that ethnic cleansing or genocide was not happening in Myanmar. The Myanmar government has said that there have no military operations since Sept. 5. But Thaung Tun said that since then security forces have responded when attacked.   Under the cover of night there have been some sporadic attacks and the police and the security people have been required to respond in self-defense,  he said.  The Rohingya are denied citizenship and classified as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots in Myanmar that go back centuries, with communities marginalized and subjected to bouts of communal violence over the years. Bangladesh and Myanmar agreed on Monday to set up a  working group  to plan the repatriation of those who had fled. (This story has been refiled to correct national security adviser s name on second reference and thereafter to  Thaung Tun , not  Tun .) ",1
18473,Palestinian prime minister visits Gaza in move to reconcile with Hamas,"GAZA (Reuters) - The West Bank-based Palestinian prime minister crossed into the Gaza Strip on Monday in a move towards reconciliation between the mainstream Fatah party and Hamas, a decade after the Islamist group seized the territory in a civil war. Rami al-Hamdallah said at a welcome ceremony his unity government would begin assuming control of Gaza s administrative affairs, as well as  security responsibilities and responsibility for crossings and borders . Hamas, considered a terrorist group by Israel and the West, made its dramatic step towards unity last month, disbanding its Gaza shadow government, after Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates imposed an economic boycott on its main donor, Qatar, over alleged support of terrorism. Qatar denies the allegation. Under previous understandings, some 3,000 Fatah security men would be integrated gradually into a Gaza police force overseen by an Interior Ministry headed by Hamdallah.  That deployment would still leave Hamas s armed wing   analysts say it has at least 25,000 well-equipped fighters   the dominant power in the Palestinian enclave of 2 million people.  We return to Gaza in order to conclude reconciliation and national unity and end the painful impacts of divisions and to rebuild Gaza brick by brick,  said Hamdallah, who is an independent. Forces loyal to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas lost control of Gaza in fighting with Hamas in 2007. Hamas s reversal is the most significant step towards Palestinian reconciliation since the unity government was formed in 2014. It failed to function in Gaza - where Israel and Hamas have fought three wars since 2008 - because of disputes between Hamas and Fatah over its responsibilities.  In his first comments after Hamdallah and his entourage entered Gaza, Abbas told Egyptian TV station CBC in an interview that his sanctions on the enclave would be lifted after the unity government takes control.  Everything must be in the hands of the Palestinian Authority, it must be the one to control the crossing points (in and out of Gaza),  he said, adding that there could be only one regime setting laws and enforcing them.  Analysts said narrowing internal divisions could help Western-backed Abbas counter Israel s argument that it has no negotiating partner for peace with the Palestinians. A Hamas police honor guard and hundreds of Palestinians, many of them waving Palestinian flags, awaited Hamdallah outside the Hamas-controlled checkpoint, down the road from Israel s Erez border crossing through which the prime minister and his motorcade passed.  It is a day of Eid, a national holiday,  said Abdel-Majid Ali, 46.  We hope this time reconciliation is for real.  Nickolay Mladenov, the U.N. special coordinator for the Middle East peace process, wrote on Twitter:  The road ahead will be long and hard, but momentum of reconciliation and peace should not be missed.   The unity drive also marked a return to prominence of exiled former Gaza security chief Mohammed Dahlan, once one of Hamas s fiercest enemies and now a leading figure in regional efforts to pull the territory back into the Palestinian mainstream. Dahlan, based since 2011 in the United Arab Emirates, is behind an influx of cash to prop up Gaza and detente between Hamas and Arab states including Egypt, which hosted reconciliation talks. Michael Oren, deputy minister for diplomacy in Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s cabinet, said a key issue for Israel was whether Hamas, which is dedicated to Israel s destruction, would retain its weapons.  If it does, then it s a non-starter for Israel,  he said. The U.S. was watching developments closely with the aim of improving humanitarian conditions in Gaza, Jason Greenblatt, U.S. President Donald Trump s Middle East envoy, said on Twitter, but insisted the new administration must abandon violence.  The United States stresses that any Palestinian government must unambiguously and explicitly commit to nonviolence, recognition of the State of Israel, acceptance of previous agreements and obligations between the parties, and peaceful negotiations,  Greenblatt wrote.      Both Israel and Egypt maintain a partial blockade of Gaza, citing security concerns. In public remarks at a lunch with Hamdallah, Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh appeared to be uncompromising about any accommodation with Israel, calling for the establishment of a Palestinian state  on the full Palestinian soil with Jerusalem as its capital and the return of refugees to their lands and homes . On Tuesday, the Palestinian unity cabinet will meet in Gaza.  The agenda is crowded with ideas and projects,  Culture Minister Ehad Bseisso said. In addition to setting a date for holding presidential and parliamentary elections, rival factions will have to resolve the issue of the fate of the 40,000 to 50,000 civil and military staff Hamas had hired since 2007. ",1
18474,U.S. Supreme Court rejects New Zealand-based internet mogul's appeal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday rejected New Zealand-based internet mogul Kim Dotcom s challenge to the U.S. government s bid to seize assets held by him and others involved in the now-defunct streaming website Megaupload. The justices left in place a lower court ruling that the U.S. government could seize up to $40 million in assets held outside the United States as part of a civil forfeiture action being pursued in parallel with criminal charges for alleged copyright violations and money laundering. Dotcom and several other defendants have contested U.S. attempts to extradite them from New Zealand. German-born entrepreneur Dotcom is wanted by U.S. law enforcement authorities on copyright and money-laundering allegations related to Megaupload, which was shut down in 2012 following an FBI-ordered raid on his Auckland mansion. He was indicted the same year along with fellow Megaupload executives.  It s no surprise because the chance to be heard by the U.S. Supreme Court is very slim in general,  Dotcom said in an email to Reuters.  The seizure is also being challenged in courts in Hong Kong and New Zealand, whose authorities have restrained Dotcom s assets at the U.S. government s request. Dotcom s lawyer Ira Rothken said that his team was  cautiously optimistic  about those court proceedings.   Kim Dotcom has never been to the United States, is presumed innocent, and is lawfully opposing extradition...yet the DOJ  (Department of Justice) by merely labeling him as a fugitive gets a judgment to take all of his assets with no due process,  Rothken said in an email. U.S. authorities say Dotcom and his colleagues cost film studios and record companies more than $500 million and generated more than $175 million in profits by encouraging paying users to store and share copyrighted material including movies and TV shows. The U.S. government sought up to $175 million in assets but the defendants say the assets in question are worth only around $40 million. The assets include two houses, luxury cars and bank accounts. A New Zealand court ruled in February that Dotcom and three other New Zealand-based defendants - Finn Batato, Mathias Ortmann and Bram van der Kolk - could be extradited to the United States to face the charges. Two other indicted Megaupload associates, Sven Echternach and Julius Bencko, who live in Germany and Slovakia respectively, have not been arrested, according to court filings. The defendants contested the U.S. government s forfeiture claims, saying in part that it could not seize property under the jurisdiction of a foreign court. The U.S. government s legal argument, adopted by the appeals court, is that the defendants are fugitives seeking to avoid criminal prosecution in the United States and therefore are not allowed to contest the forfeiture. The Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against Dotcom in August 2016, and he asked the Supreme Court to hear his appeal. ",1
18475,Venezuela's Maduro approval rises to 23 percent after Trump sanctions: poll,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro s approval rating rose to 23 percent in September, up 6 percentage points from 17 percent in July, according to a poll by local firm Datanalisis. The rebound followed several rounds of sanctions by U.S. President Donald Trump s administration as well as a sharp drop-off in four months of violent anti-government protests. Nearly 52 percent of respondents opposed the Trump administration sanctions that came in response to the creation of a legislative superbody called the Constituent Assembly, which critics call the consolidation of a dictatorship. Fifty-seven percent said they disagreed with the United States using a  military option  to push for change in Venezuela, in reference to Trump comments in August that were met with condemnation around the region. Maduro s low approval is not unusual in Latin America. Presidents Juan Manuel Santos in Colombia and Michel Temer in Brazil have shown lower poll numbers this year. But Maduro s popularity has been falling since he was narrowly elected in 2013 following the death of late socialist leader Hugo Chavez. The decline has largely resulted from an economic crisis driven by triple-digit inflation and Soviet-style shortages. The opposition says the crisis is the result of a failing socialist model and rampant corruption. Maduro blames the situation on an  economic war  by the opposition with the support of Washington. The poll, which surveyed 1,000 people between Sept. 8 and Sept. 22, showed that 86.9 percent of respondents believed the country s situation was negative. The survey s margin of error was 3.04 percentage points. ",1
18476,"Brazil's largest ever corruption probe nearing its end, judge says","SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazilian federal Judge S rgio Moro on Monday said the Car Wash probe, Brazil s largest ever corruption investigation, is nearing completion in the southern city of Curitiba, where it started in 2014.   There are still investigations under way, but a large part of the work has been done,  Moro told reporters in Sao Paulo after a ceremony where he received a distinction from U.S.-based Notre Dame University for his work leading the probe. Brazil s largest corruption probe started almost by accident in Curitiba, when investigators went to a local Car Wash to ask owners why the small company had done several international money transfers. From there it spread to several state-controlled companies, politicians, parties and private engineering groups. But Curitiba remained the host city for almost the whole investigation.     Moro said he is a bit tired due to the workload resulting from the spreading probe, but he ruled out leaving the operation until it is concluded. He also dismissed suggestions that he could run in next year s election, despite the huge popularity he gained among Brazilians. Some pollsters such as Datafolha have included Moro s name in some early surveys.  They are losing their time, because this is not going to happen. Simple as that , he said, adding that he is a professional federal judge and will remain so. Despite the prospect of work related to the Car Wash investigation to end in Curitiba, Moro said they it will go on in other cities who host higher court instances and also in Brasilia, where several parts of the probe are being conducted by the Supreme Court. ",1
18477,Ecuador judge orders arrest of vice president in Odebrecht probe,"QUITO (Reuters) - An Ecuadorean judge on Monday ordered pre-trial detention for Vice President Jorge Glas as part of an investigation into Brazilian construction company Odebrecht s corruption scandal. Glas, a 48-year-old electrical engineer, has been accused by senior members of the government of former President Rafael Correa of corruption while serving as a minister and vice president during seven years of Correa s government.  Judge Miguel Jurado approved a prosecutor s request for preventative detention on the grounds that Glas allegedly accepted bribes, and also agreed to freeze his assets. Glas said the accusations lack evidence and are part of a politicized campaign against him.  Don t worry, you don t have to search for me, I m where I always am,  Glas said via Twitter.  I m not going to escape. Those who are innocent never flee.   Fallout from the massive Odebrecht corruption scandal has continued to sweep Latin America.  The company, which has admitted to paying bribes to win contracts in a number of countries, has already paid $3.5 billion in settlements in the United States, Brazil and Switzerland. A close ally of leftist ex-President Rafael Correa, Glas served as Correa s vice president from 2013 and retained the position under current President Lenin Moreno.  In August he was suspended from his duties by Moreno, who accused him of not being a team player. ",1
18478,"No-one can wreck our democracy, Schaueble tells Germans","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s departing finance minister expressed optimism that his country s democratic institutions were strong enough to withstand the arrival of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) as the third-largest party in parliament. Wolfgang Schaueble, who is due to step down as finance minister to become president of the Bundestag parliament, told the newspaper Bild am Sonntag that AfD s 90-odd elected lawmakers would be constrained by Germany s constitution.  I d like to see more self-confidence,  he told the newspaper in an interview published on Tuesday.  Our free, democratic system based on the rule of law is so strong that nobody can wreck it, neither from within nor from without. Anybody who tries will fail.  The 75-year-old conservative took his new job at the urging of Chancellor Angela Merkel. Her conservatives are trying to patch together a three-way coalition with the Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats, who are expected to demand the position of finance minister. Also, many in Germany s mainstream felt a senior politician was needed to rein in the first far-right party to enter parliament in 50 years. Schaueble is Germany s longest-serving parliamentarian, and his stature is second only to Merkel s in German politics.  But Schaueble said he was ready to move on:  I decided before the elections after eight years as finance minister and many years  government responsibility to take on a new task.  He added he was confident that a three-party coalition would be agreed, dismissing arguments about a formal cap on immigration as a  false argument . He defended Merkel s 2015 decision to open Germany s borders to over a million migrants fleeing war in Africa and the Middle East.  Even our children will remember with pride the willingness to help that the Germans showed during the refugee crisis,  he told the paper. ",1
18479,Civilians among dozens of casualties from clashes in Libyan smuggling hub,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - At least five civilians were killed and 12 others wounded among dozens of casualties in recent fighting in the Libyan migrant smuggling hub of Sabratha, the United Nations said on Monday. Sabratha s university hospital has twice been hit by shelling, rendering the emergency and surgery units unusable, the U.N. Libya mission said in a statement. The clashes have pitted the Anas al-Dabbashi brigade, a powerful armed group previously known for migrant smuggling, against the Operations Room to combat the Islamic State, a group formed last year to oust jihadists from Sabratha. The fighting broke out when a Dabbashi brigade member was shot dead at a checkpoint, but the brigade s head has said the underlying cause was the group s move to stop the departure of migrant boats to Italy following a deal with the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli. Sabratha had been the most common departure point for migrants setting off toward Italy from Libya, until a sudden drop in crossings from July.  The health ministry in Tripoli said on Friday that, overall, at least 26 people including combatants had been killed and 170 wounded in nearly two weeks of fighting. ",1
18480,Agencies dither over who leads A380 engine explosion probe,"PARIS/TORONTO (Reuters) - Air accident investigators from both sides of the Atlantic have been struggling to decide who should lead a probe into an engine explosion that forced an Air France A380 to make an emergency landing in Canada, people familiar with the matter said. Two days after the damaged superjumbo landed at Goose Bay in Labrador with more than 500 people on board, a formal investigation had yet to be announced, a step that typically takes hours. Experts from the United States and France, as well as planemaker Airbus and U.S-based engine maker Engine Alliance, have been sent to Goose Bay. But a spokesman for France s BEA air accident agency said no investigation had yet been formally launched. Canada s Transportation Safety Board (TSB) said it was currently leading the work of investigators from Canada, France and the United States.  It s a long process and we re still gathering data and assessing. Many significant elements remain to be determined at this point,  TSB spokesman Alexandre Fournier said by phone from Ottawa.  Fournier said a formal accident investigation had not been launched and jurisdiction  remains to be confirmed.  The flight data recorder and cabin voice recorder will be arriving in Ottawa on Tuesday for analysis, he added.  The decision on who should lead an investigation depends on a number of factors including, first and foremost, the country where the incident took place. Airline sources said an  uncontained explosion,  which ripped off the outer-right engine s three-metre-wide fan together with its housing from the front of the engine, happened over Greenland, which comes under Danish jurisdiction. Under aviation law, Denmark would officially own the investigation but it can delegate it to another country, such as Canada. Denmark s accident agency was not available for comment. France and the United States would automatically be part of any investigation, since the aircraft and engine were made in those countries respectively. Nobody was injured in the incident, in which Air France Flight 66, originating in Paris and bound for Los Angeles, declared a mayday and diverted to Canada. Airbus has issued an alert to all operators of the aircraft that use the same type of engine, confirming the low-pressure compressor fan had been separated. No cause had yet been identified, it said, according to one recipient. In 2010, a Rolls-Royce engine on a Qantas A380 suffered mid-air damage after taking off in Singapore. An investigation blamed a leak from a badly made engine pipe. ",1
18481,Egypt arrests dozens in crackdown on gays,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt has arrested 22 people in the past three days as part of a crackdown on gays after a rainbow flag was raised at a concert, activists and rights groups said on Monday. At least 33 people have been arrested since Sept. 23, a day after a group of people were seen raising the flag, a rare public show of support for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights in the conservative Muslim country. The public prosecutor announced an investigation after local media launched a highly critical campaign against those who raised the rainbow flag at a Mashrou  Leila concert, a popular Lebanese alternative rock band whose lead singer is openly gay. On Monday police arrested Ahmed Alaa and Sarah Hegazy, the latter being the first woman involved in such an incident in years, in relation to the case, their lawyer said. They were both charged with  joining a group formed in contrary to the law  and  propagating that group s idea . Hegazy faced a further charge of  promoting sexual deviancy and debauchery  and the Supreme State Security Prosecution ordered them detained for 15 days, lawyer Amr Mohamed told Reuters. Two men had been arrested earlier in relation to the flag incident but one was released. The remaining arrests were unrelated to the incident but have all been over the perceived sexual orientation of the defendants and came after it. At least 10 men were arrested between Sept. 28-30 and six others earlier that week, judicial sources said. All 16 went on trial on Sunday charged with  promoting sexual deviancy  and  debauchery , euphemisms for homosexuality. A verdict is due on Oct. 29. One man has been sentenced to six years in jail over similar charges. Although homosexuality is not specifically outlawed in Egypt, it is a conservative society and discrimination is rife. Gay men are frequently arrested and typically charged with debauchery, immorality or blasphemy. Those arrested are subjected to anal examinations to determine whether they have had gay sex, which rights groups Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch say amounts to torture. Five such examinations have taken place, Amnesty International said on Monday. Judicial sources do not deny the examinations take place but say they are legally carried out and are not a form of abuse.  In a matter of days the Egyptian security forces have rounded up dozens of people and carried out five anal examinations signaling a sharp escalation in the authorities  efforts to persecute and intimidate members of the LGBTI community following the rainbow flag incident,  said Najia Bounaim, North Africa Campaigns Director at Amnesty.  In 2001, 52 men were arrested when police raided a floating disco called the Queen Boat. ",1
18482,U.S. travel restrictions jeopardize rare exchanges with North Koreans,"SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - When more than a dozen North Korean economic officials visited California and New York in 2011, U.S. organizers hoped the tour would give the delegation ideas for market reforms and business innovations.  The North Koreans quickly made clear that was not why they had come: They wanted to secure U.S. investment, particularly from restaurant giant Yum! Brands Inc (YUM.N), said Susan Shirk, a University of California at San Diego professor who helped organize the visit.  They really wanted to get KFC to North Korea,  Shirk said, referring to the fried chicken chain. She added that Yum did not reciprocate their interest.  In recent years, a handful of visits from official delegations and athletes have provided rare opportunities for ordinary Americans and North Koreans to come together. Those exchanges are now in jeopardy after President Donald Trump included North Korea in a group of nations that will face travel restrictions to the United States because they do not share enough information about visa applicants. The new policy comes at a time of heightened tensions between the United States and North Korea over Pyongyang s nuclear weapons and ballistic missile tests, as well as escalating verbal threats from the country s leader Kim Jong Un. While the travel restrictions are unlikely to have a broad impact - the number of non-diplomatic travelers from North Korea per year rarely tops 50, according to U.S. State Department data - human rights activists worry it has severed one of the few human bonds between the isolated country and the West.   The main point in inviting these people here is to give them exposure to the U.S., and see if one can open the door a bit,  said Roberta Cohen, co-chair emeritus for the Committee for Human Rights in North Korea. A State Department official said the restrictions were necessary because  North Korea does not cooperate with the United States government in any respect and fails to satisfy all information-sharing requirements  on visa applicants. North Koreans wishing to visit the United States must first obtain permission from their own government, then apply for a visa in person at a U.S. embassy, typically in Beijing, said Robert King, former U.S. special envoy for North Korea human rights issues. When North Koreans arrive in the United States they never go anywhere alone, King said, and are chaperoned by North Korean government minders. In 2015, 15 North Korean weightlifters along with coaches, reserves and officials traveled to Houston for the International Weightlifting Federation world championships, said Phil Andrews, chief executive officer of USA Weightlifting. North Korea was planning earlier this year to take part in the 2017 world championships in Anaheim, California, in November, Andrews said. However, he does not know whether they will be allowed to come.  The new travel restrictions do not affect people who already have visas, and they include waivers for people with certain ties to the United States. The State Department declined to comment on individual visa applications. C. Jerry Nelson, professor emeritus at the University of Missouri, said some visits serve humanitarian purposes. In 2011, four North Korean scientists traveled to Missouri to collaborate with their U.S. counterparts on soil quality testing methods, he said, in order to boost food production. Referring to the economic officials  trip in 2011, Shirk said they seemed reluctant to express opinions but enjoyed their snapshot of American life, which included visits to a mushroom farm, department store and New York s Carnegie Deli.   We arranged for people to go to families for dinner in San Diego,  she said.  They really liked that a lot.  ",1
18483,Trial of alleged ringleader of Benghazi attack begins in Washington,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal prosecutors opened their case against Ahmed Abu Khatallah on Monday by telling jurors he orchestrated the 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, that killed U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans. Khatallah has been awaiting trial since 2014, when he was captured by a team of U.S. military and FBI officials in Libya and transported on a 13-day journey to the United States aboard a Navy vessel. In his opening statement in U.S. District court for the District of Columbia, federal prosecutor John Crabb said Khatallah hates America  with a vengeance  and played a leading role in organizing the Sept. 11, 2012, attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi. Khatallah, he said,  didn t light the fires and he didn t fire the mortars but you will hear he is just as guilty as the men who lit those fires.  Khatallah, who face charges including murder and providing material support to terrorists, sat at the table wearing a white shirt and headphones that allowed him to hear an Arabic translation of the proceedings. Defense attorney Jeffrey Robinson denied that his client had anything to do with the planning of the attack.  The evidence is going to show that Mr. Abu Khatallah did not participate in the attack,  he said.  Monday s session included harrowing testimony from Special Agent Scott Wickland, who described how he tried to get Stevens and State Department staffer Sean Smith to safety as they crawled on their bellies through thick, black smoke as fire engulfed the mission.  At first I had my hand on the ambassador and we were crawling,  he recalled.   I was breathing through the last centimeter of air on the ground... and I am yelling to the other guys,  Come on! We can make it!   And within that 8 meters, they disappeared.  Crabb, the prosecutor, also previewed some of the other testimony the jury will hear from witnesses who claim they heard Khatallah discuss his involvement in the attack. One witness, who was later paid $7 million to help the United States lure Khatallah to the spot where he was captured, will tell jurors he heard the defendant say he  would have killed all of the Americans that night,  Crabb said. Crabb also showed grainy video footage from the night of the attack with images of more than a half-dozen suspected associates of Khatallah. Khatallah appeared in one video as armed militia entered a room that held closely guarded maps and other records. Robinson said his client went to the mission only to see what was happening and warned people to steer clear of the gunfire. He also said some of the government s witnesses  are people who lie.  The trial, which resumes on Tuesday, is expected to last several weeks. ",1
18484,Canada defends refugee system as Somali immigrant charged in attack,"EDMONTON, Alberta (Reuters) - Canada defended its immigration and refugee vetting system on Monday after a Somali immigrant, who had drawn scrutiny for his alleged extremist views, was charged with attempted murder for a weekend vehicle and knife attack that injured five. Abdulahi Hasan Sharif, 30, is accused of running down a police officer with his car in Edmonton, Alberta, and then stabbing him repeatedly. He then ran down four pedestrians during an attempt to evade capture. Sharif faces 11 charges including five for attempted murder linked to the rampage in the western Canadian city on Saturday night and police said more charges could be laid. He came to Canada in 2012 and was granted refugee status in the same year, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said.  Though targeted in a probe two years ago for promoting extremist ideology, Sharif was deemed to pose no threat after what the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) described on Sunday as an  exhaustive investigation.      Goodale said it would be wrong to blame the attack on any shortcomings in Canada s immigration and refugee vetting system.  There s absolutely no evidence of that whatsoever. The investigation is ongoing, but that conclusion is just not supported by the facts,  Goodale told reporters in Ottawa.  Still, the attack could leave Prime Minister Justin Trudeau open to more criticism from conservatives for the welcoming message he extended to refugees earlier this year, after U.S. President Donald Trump issued a travel ban targeting several Muslim-majority countries. Canada has seen a surge in illegal border crossings this year as people fearing a U.S. immigration crackdown and possible deportation sought asylum.  Opposition Conservative parliamentarian Michelle Rempel said the incident raised questions about how police and immigration officials share information.  If there are gaps in the system that allowed this to happen, what are we going to do to fix those?  Rempel asked in comments to Reuters.  Edmonton s refugee and Somali communities are bracing for a  backlash in the wake of the attack, and met on Monday to discuss how to move forward, said Ahmed Abdulkadir, executive director of the Ogaden Somali Community of Alberta.   We ve been receiving phone calls from moms asking us what to do  and whether it s safe to send their children to school, Abdulkadir said.  Sharif s bail hearing was delayed until Tuesday but police released a photo of Sharif taken after his capture, showing a young man gazing directly at the camera, a large bruise on his forehead.   Karen King, one of Sharif s neighbors in an Edmonton, said he kept to himself and lived alone. Another, Jeff Dearman, said he played loud music and chanted sometimes.  It was all normal other than that,  Dearman said.  Two of the four people injured on Saturday remained in hospital, with one listed in serious condition, RCMP Superintendent Stacey Talbot told a news conference. Despite the incident, Canada s government said it was keeping the terrorism threat level at medium, where it has been since late 2014 after two deadly attacks attributed to homegrown radicals. The incidents led to tougher new anti-terrorism measures.  In October, 2014, a gunman killed a soldier at Ottawa s national war memorial before launching an attack on the Canadian Parliament. In the same week, a man ran down two soldiers in Quebec, killing one. ",1
18485,At least 17 killed in Cameroon separatist clashes: Amnesty,"BAMENDA, Cameroon (Reuters) - At least 17 people have died in clashes between security forces and protesters in Cameroon s English-speaking regions, Amnesty International said, as violence broke out in an area where a separatist movement is gathering strength. The clashes began on Sunday after local groups called protests against what they say is their marginalization by the Francophone-dominated government of the country s long-time ruler, Paul Biya. Witnesses said security forces opened fire, often at close range. Ilaria Allegrozzi, Amnesty International s Lake Chad region researcher, told Reuters that the victims died across several towns in the two Anglophone regions bordering Nigeria.  The worrying escalation witnessed over the weekend has now reached a crisis point,  Allegrozzi said. A local mayor confirmed that one of the victims was a 13-year-old girl who died from bullet wounds. Sisiku Ayuk Tabe, the leader of the separatist movement called the Governing Council of Ambazonia said the final death toll was likely to exceed 30. Government officials did not respond to requests for comment. A daytime curfew was in place in the city of Bamenda on Monday, where security forces set up barricades along virtually empty avenues. A Reuters witness saw police wearing balaclavas beat and detain a young man who resisted arrest. Cameroon, today an oil and cocoa producer with a population of more than 23 million people, was ruled by Germany until the end of World War One, then divided between the French and British victors. The deep cultural and linguistic divides spurred protests for greater autonomy nearly a year ago and authorities have responded by locking up opponents and cutting internet access. The government of France on Monday called on all sides to reject violence. But opposition leader John Fru Ndi, who ran against Biya in past elections, said the president might struggle to ease tensions before next year s election. The 84-year-old Biya, who has held power since 1982, is expected to seek another term.  There were solutions available but he missed his chance,  he said in an interview at his home in Bamenda on Monday. Biya has condemned the latest outbreak of violence. ",1
18486,State crackdown fuels independence push in Anglophone Cameroon,"DAKAR (Reuters) - A once-fringe separatist movement in Cameroon s Anglophone regions is gaining ground after a year of state repression that has undermined moderate voices and raised concerns the majority French-speaking nation may face a prolonged period of violence. Soldiers shot dead at least eight people and wounded others in the two English-speaking regions on Sunday, the anniversary of Anglophone Cameroon s independence from Britain. Amnesty International said on Monday at least 17 people had died in the clashes. The growing influence of the separatists, who include armed radical elements, is one of the most serious threats to stability in the central African oil producer since President Paul Biya took power 35 years ago.   Last year, separatists couldn t rally people on the streets. But people have seen family members arrested and killed, and they have switched over,  said Tapang Ivo Tanku, an Anglophone activist based in the United States. Like many moderates who say they are marginalized by Biya s Francophone-dominated government, Tanku has campaigned for a peaceful solution: a two-state federation - one French speaking, the other Anglophone - under one president.  I am in the minority now,  he told Reuters from New York.   The strife began in November, when English-speaking teachers and lawyers in the Northwest and Southwest regions, frustrated with having to work in French, took to the streets calling for reforms and greater autonomy. Six people were killed in those protests, and in the months that followed, the government deployed thousands of police and elite soldiers, implemented a blanket internet blackout and arrested dozens of activists, dubbing them  terrorists . The thousands who protested on Sunday around the country were no longer calling for reform, but for a separate state for Cameroon s nearly five million English speakers.  We told them our problems. They responded with force, killing us,  said a young student in Bamenda, one of the largest Anglophone cities.  We need our own country.           The true size and influence of the movement remains hard to gauge. Many leaders are in jail or exile, and it s unclear how strong alliances are between a multitude of factions with competing visions of how to achieve their goals. Few analysts believe a split is imminent.  There is no doubt the separatists  popularity and ability to stir turmoil has grown, however. Separatists told Reuters that they were responsible for an improvised bomb that last month wounded three policemen in Bamenda.   Nothing great can be achieved by using verbal excesses, street violence and defying authority. Lasting solutions to problems can be found only through peaceful dialogue,  Biya said in a statement on Twitter following Sunday s violence. An uprising by Biafran separatists in neighboring Nigeria in the 1960s sparked a civil war that killed around 1 million.   The roots of the divisions go back a century to the League of Nations  decision to split the former German colony of Kamerun between the allied French and British victors at the end of World War One.  The French Cameroons gained their independence in 1960 and the British Cameroons voted in 1961 to reunite with them under a federal government. The federation was abandoned a decade later, however, after a referendum most Anglophones considered a sham. A separatist movement existed for decades underground, with  activists sometimes communicating by passing notes to bus drivers going through different towns. It simmered but never gained widespread popular support - until now.  Southern Cameroons political activist Mark Bareta said government arrests of key organizers in January and February have pushed independent separatist coalitions, many of which are run by diaspora Cameroonians, together to form the Southern Cameroons Ambazonia Consortium United Front (SCACUF).  SCACUF and other groups are busily laying the groundwork for a new state, coordinating protests, gaining support on the ground, and - in some cases - orchestrating violent attacks.  They have printed thousands of light blue passports for Ambazonia - the Anglophones  aspirational independent homeland - designed a currency and written a national anthem, five members told Reuters. In May, they set up their own satellite television network, the Southern Cameroons Broadcasting Corporation, which reaches up to 500,000 people, said SCBC board member Derric Ndim.  Its satellite transmission is not affected by government-enforced internet cuts, he said.    We are working to make a new country, and we are ready,  said Nigeria-based Julius Ayuk Tabe, chairman of the Governing Council of Ambazonia, which is spearheading the movement.  The cries of the people are getting louder.   ",1
18487,"As sanctions bite, North Korean workers leave Chinese border hub","DANDONG, China (Reuters) - North Korean workers have begun to leave the Chinese border city of Dandong, following the latest round of sanctions seeking to restrict Pyongyang s ability to earn foreign currency income,  local businesses and traders say. Almost 100,000 overseas workers, based predominantly in China and Russia, funnel some $500 million in wages a year to help finance the North Korean regime, the U.S. government says. Dandong, a city of 800,000 along the Yalu river that defines the border with North Korea, is home to many restaurants and hotels that hire North Korean waitresses and musicians. Their colorful song and dance performances are a tourist attraction. Thousands of predominantly female workers are also employed by Chinese-owned garment and electronics factories in Dandong, with a significant proportion of their wages going straight to the North Korean state. The Wing Cafe used to advertise its  beautiful North Korean  waitresses on its shopfront by the Yalu. The sign is now gone, and cafe staff said the waitresses had returned home in recent weeks after their visas expired.  There have been changes in government policy,  the manager of another restaurant said.  It s not convenient to say more.  Recent videos circulating on Chinese social media appear to show hundreds of North Korean women waiting in line to clear immigration at Dandong s border gate. A Reuters reporter saw a group of around 50 North Korean women waiting to cross the border on Friday morning. Four traders, who deal in goods ranging from iron ore and seafood to ginseng and alcohol, told Reuters the sanctions had all but crippled the usual trade. More stringent customs checks and patrols by Chinese border police have also made it harder to smuggle goods across the border, according to the traders, who declined to be named due to the subject s sensitivity.  The impact has been huge. Dandong s economy has always counted on border trade,  said one Chinese trader. In response to Pyongyang s sixth and largest nuclear test last month, the U.N. Security Council on Sept. 11 passed a resolution prohibiting the use of North Korean workers, strengthening an Aug. 5 resolution that put a cap on the number of workers allowed overseas. Successive rounds of U.N. trade sanctions have now banned 90 percent of the North s $2.7 billion of publicly reported exports. The Sept. 11 sanctions also ordered the closure of all joint business ventures with North Korea and added textiles to a list of banned exports, which already included coal, iron ore and seafood. In a statement on Thursday, China s Ministry of Commerce ordered the implementation of the new sanctions across the country within 120 days. The sanctions allow workers to serve out existing contracts. Business people in Dandong, through which most of trade between the two countries flows, said contracts could not be renewed and new visas were not being approved. A Chinese supervisor at a factory making electronic wiring for automobiles said while most of its 300 North Korean workers were on multi-year contracts expiring at different times, those who arrived in Dandong after Aug. 5 had already been forced to leave. He did not say how many. The sanctions have come as a rude jolt to Dandong businesses and traders who had long rolled with North Korea s unpredictability but believed their neighbor s economic reliance on China would keep its belligerence in check. Dandong is one of the larger cities in Liaoning province, whose rustbelt economy has struggled under national campaigns to curb industrial overcapacity and ease pollution. Liaoning was China s worst performer in the first half of 2017, registering GDP growth of 2.1 percent, compared with the national rate of 6.9 per cent, according to official statistics.  The economy hasn t been doing well here for the past two years,  said one trader.  This is making a bad situation worse.  ",1
18488,Two women deny murdering North Korean leader's half-brother,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Two women accused of murdering the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un with a banned nerve agent pleaded not guilty at the start of a high-profile murder trial in a Malaysian court on Monday. Indonesian Siti Aisyah, 25, and Doan Thi Huong, 28, a Vietnamese, are charged with killing Kim Jong Nam by smearing his face with VX, a chemical poison banned by the United Nations, at Kuala Lumpur airport on Feb. 13. Both women wore bullet-proof vests as they were led into the court on the outskirts of the Malaysian capital. They face the death penalty if convicted. Police have also named four North Koreans as suspects in the case and an Interpol red notice, an international alert just short of an arrest warrant, has been issued for the North Koreans, who remain at large. Defence lawyers demanded that the prosecution immediately name the four other suspects, who have also been charged, so they can prepare their case.  The charge must be clear,  said Siti Aisyah s lawyer, Gooi Soon Seng. Judge Azmi Ariffin dismissed their request. The two women nodded their heads when the charges were read out by two interpreters. They pleaded not guilty. The prosecution said the women s actions showed  intent to kill the victim  by smearing his face and eyes with VX nerve agent, which a Malaysian post-mortem confirmed had killed Kim. The women told their lawyers they did not know they were participating in a deadly attack and believed they were carrying out a prank for a reality TV show.  The prank practice carried out by the first and second accused with the supervision of the four who are still at large was preparation to see through their common intention to kill the victim,  lead prosecutor Muhamad Iskandar Ahmad said in his opening statement. The two women sat quietly in the packed courtroom. Siti was dressed in a black floral suit, while Huong wore a white long-sleeved t-shirt and jeans.  Juliana Idris, who works at the airport, told the court a man later identified as Kim Jong Nam approached her and asked her to take him to a police station.  She said the man, who spoke English, told her he had been  attacked by a woman from behind ... another one closed his eyes .  His hands were shaking a bit, I don t know why,  she said. Police Lance Corporal Mohd Zulkarnain Sanudin, who was on duty at the airport, said Juliana had brought Kim Jong Nam to him. He said Kim told him a substance had been wiped on his face. Kim s eyes were red and he could see some liquid on his face, Zulkarnain said. He also said the he had wrongly recorded Kim Jong Nam s nationality as South Korean.  The police report I made showed the nationality as South Korean, while on the passport, it was written DPR Korea, whereby I did not know what DPR meant. I was only sure that Korea was South Korea,  he told the court. DPRK are the initials for North Korea s official name, the Democratic Republic of North Korea. Other witnesses described how Kim Jong Nam had seizures at the clinic - his eyes rolled upwards and there was drooling of saliva and mucus. Rabiatul Adawiyah Mohd Sofi, a medical assistant, said Kim Jong Nam was at the clinic for just over an hour and moved to a hospital. By the time they arrived at the hospital emergency ward, they could not get a blood pressure reading, she said.  There was a high probability that there was either a problem with our monitor or the patient had died,  said Rabiatul. The case continues on Tuesday.  ",1
18489,Russian firm provides new internet connection to North Korea,"(Reuters) - North Korea has opened a second internet connection with the outside world, this time via Russia, a move which cyber security experts said could give Pyongyang greater capability to conduct cyber attacks. North Korea has been blamed by Western governments for several major cyber attacks in recent years, including against banks and Sony Pictures (6758.T), as well as the WannaCry ransomware attack that froze computers unless their owners sent cash. Pyongyang has denied any involvement. Tensions have risen in recent weeks as North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un and U.S. President Donald Trump have traded war-like threats and insults over the North s nuclear and missile development programs, leading to an intensification of diplomatic efforts and a renewed push on sanctions against it. Dyn Research, which monitors international internet traffic flows, said it had seen Russian telecommunications company TransTeleCom routing North Korean traffic since about 0908 GMT on Sunday. Previously traffic was handled via China Unicom (0762.HK) under a deal dating back to 2010. TransTeleCom now appears to be handling roughly 60 percent of North Korean internet traffic, while Unicom transmits the remaining 40 percent or so, Dyn said. The new external connection was first reported by 38 North, a project of the U.S.-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS). TransTeleCom declined to confirm any new routing deal with the North Korean government or its communications arm. In a statement, it said:  TransTeleCom has historically had a junction of trunk networks with North Korea under an agreement with Korea Posts and Telecommunications Corp signed in 2009.  North Korea s internet access is estimated to be limited to somewhere between a few hundred and just over 1,000 connections. These connections are vital for coordinating the country s cyber attacks, said Bryce Boland, chief technology officer for the Asia-Pacific region at FireEye, a cyber-security company.  Boland said the Russian connection would enhance North Korea s ability to command future cyber attacks.  Having internet routes via both China and Russia reduces North Korea s dependence on any one country at a time when it faces intense geo-political pressures, he said. Many of the cyber attacks conducted on behalf of Pyongyang came from outside North Korea using hijacked computers, Boland said. Those ordering and controlling the attacks communicate to hackers and hijacked computers from within North Korea.  This will improve the resiliency of their network and increase their ability to conduct command and control over those activities,  Boland said. The Washington Post reported earlier that the U.S. Cyber Command has been carrying out denial of service attacks against hackers from North Korea designed to limit their access to the internet. (wapo.st/2yRbg8w) ",1
18490,U.S. will only talk to North Korea about freeing U.S. citizens: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration will not hold any talks with North Korea at this time, except for possible conversations about freeing U.S. citizens who have been detained there, the White House said on Monday.  We ve been clear that now is not the time to talk,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters, amplifying on a tweet from President Donald Trump over the weekend that had been seen as undercutting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.  The only conversations that have taken place, or that would, would be on bringing back Americans who have been detained,  Sanders said.  Beyond that, there will be no conversations with North Korea at this time.  ",1
18491,Cambodia's detained opposition leader denies treason charges,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s detained opposition leader, who is accused of treason by the government of strongman Prime Minister Hun Sen, denied the charges against him on Monday in his first comments since his arrest last month.  Kem Sokha, head of the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) is accused of trying to overthrow the government with help from the United States and of espionage - charges he denies and says are politically motivated. His arrest last month is part of ongoing efforts by the government to silence political opponents and independent media ahead of a general election next year. Earlier on Monday Hun Sen, a former Khmer Rouge officer who defected and has ruled Cambodia for more than three decades,  attacked opposition figures as  rebels in the city  bent on staging a revolution. In a three-page letter posted on his Facebook page on Monday Kem Sokha said that he was seeking positive change in Cambodia through the ballot box and not through revolution as charged.     As the leader of the CNRP and a representative of more than half of the country s population, I always choose changes through elections without violence,  he said in the letter. Rights groups say Hun Sen, 65, is determined to extend his rule and dismantle the burgeoning popularity of the CNRP, who have gained from public anger over inequality and cronyism in the country under Hun Sen s rule.     The U.S. embassy has rejected any suggestion of interference in politics.  Kem Sokha s Sept. 3 arrest sparked condemnation from Western countries, and the CNRP has said about half its members of parliament have fled Cambodia fearing a crackdown.    In his letter, Kem Sokha called his arrest unconstitutional and urged supporters not to be intimidated.     Please, the Cambodian people, remember that I am with you. Even though my body is in prison, but nobody can detain my conscience,  he said. He called on the international community for help.   Democracy in Cambodia is already at its last breathe,  he said.    A spokesman from Hun Sen s Cambodian People s Party (CPP) said that Kem Sokha had confessed to the charges against him. ",1
18492,London's East Croydon station to reopen after security check: police,"LONDON (Reuters) - London s East Croydon station was due to reopen on Monday after police said an item they had been investigating was not harmful.  The item at East Croydon has been declared non-suspicious,  Britain s transport police said on Twitter.  The station will be reopening very shortly.  The temporary closure caused delays for commuters and for travellers using the city s nearby Gatwick Airport. Britain is on its second-highest level of security alert after several attacks in the country in recent months. ",1
18493,Spain's Rajoy wants to work with other parties on Catalan question,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Spanish government is committed to seeking a joint response with other political parties to the  pro-independence challenge  in Catalonia after Sunday s outlawed referendum, a government statement said on Monday. In meetings with leaders of two other parties, the Socialists and the centrist Ciudadanos, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy had shown his readiness to study proposals put forward by other parties to respond to the Catalan issue, the statement said. In conversations with European leaders on Monday, Rajoy thanked them for their support for Spain s constitutional order, the statement said. ",1
18494,Explosion wounds five Bahraini policemen: agency,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Five Bahraini policemen were lightly injured in a  terrorist explosion  outside the capital Manama on Monday, the state news agency reported. The agency said the blast occurred in the village of Daih on Budaiya road while the policemen were guarding a procession by Shi ite Muslims marking the annual Ashura festival, which commemorates the death of Prophet Mohammad s grandson Imam Hussein some 1400 years ago. The agency quoted the interior ministry as saying on its Twitter account that  the necessary steps  were being taken, without giving any details. The explosion was the latest in a series of attacks targeting policemen in the Western-allied country, where the U.S. Fifth Fleet is based.  The government blames the attacks on Shi ite militants it says are backed by Iran to destabilize the country, a charge Tehran denies. In June, a member of Bahrain s security forces was killed in an explosion in the village of Diraz, the hometown of the spiritual leader of the country s Shi ite community Ayatollah Isa Qassim. The interior ministry blamed  terrorists  for the attack. ",1
18495,Pakistan's ruling party nominates ousted PM Sharif to lead it,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PMLN) party nominated ousted premier Nawaz Sharif as its leader on Monday, a government minister said, hours before it used its parliamentary majority to amend a law to allow him to be re-elected party chief. Sharif resigned as prime minister in July after the Supreme Court disqualified him for not declaring a source of income. He was also forced to step down as president of PML-N, though he kept control of the party and installed Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, a loyalist, as prime minister. The party s state minister for interior, Talal Chaudhry, said a parliamentary meeting of the ruling party chaired by Abbasi had nominated Sharif as its leader. He said Sharif would be formally re-elected president in a session scheduled for Tuesday.  He will become party president tomorrow, God willing,  Chaudhry said. Hours later, Pakistan s parliament amended a law to enable Sharif to re-take PML-N leadership. The amendment bill was presented by law minister Zahid Hamid and passed by lower house with a majority.   We feel very strongly Nawaz Sharif has to lead our party. He s the symbol of unity in our party,  said Rana Afzal Khan, a PML-N lawmaker. Khan said Sharif was battling to assert  civilian supremacy  and boost democracy in a nation that has been beset by military interference in politics. In protest some opposition lawmakers tore up paper copies of the Election Bill 2017, passed by the Senate last week, that allows Sharif to become the party president again despite his disqualification by the court. But the vote was more of a formality as PML-N has a vast majority.     A previous election bill barred from office someone disqualified under Article 62 and 63 of the Constitution, which was used by the courts to remove Sharif.   You are making a law for one person. You are putting the assembly on stake for one person,  said Sheikh Rashid Ahmed, the leader of Awami Muslim League, a small opposition party. Sharif on Monday appeared before an anti-corruption court and is expected to be indicted next week, along with three of his children.   The veteran leader denies any wrongdoing and has alleged there was a conspiracy against him, with senior PML-N figures pointing fingers at elements of Pakistan s powerful military. The army denies playing a role. Relations between the military and civilian establishment were strained again on Monday when the paramilitary Rangers force, nominally under the control of the interior ministry, barred Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal from entering the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) courts where Sharif appeared. Iqbal, visibly angry, threatened to resign in protest.  I cannot be a puppet interior minister,  Iqbal said.  I am the interior minister and my subordinate force takes orders from somewhere else.        Two states cannot function in one state,  he said. ",1
18496,"In rare official appearance, Oman's ruler meets Iranian minister","DUBAI (Reuters) - The ruler of Oman received Iran s foreign minister on Monday, the state news agency ONA reported, in a rare official appearance for the long-time leader. Sultan Qaboos, who is in his late 70s, was pictured in conversation with Iran s Javad Zarif at al-Shumoukh fort in the state of Manah, south-west of Oman s capital, Muscat. The agency said Qaboos and Zarif discussed cooperation between the two countries and regional issues, but gave no further details.   Zarif was due to visit Qatar on the second leg of his Gulf tour. Qatar has grown closer to Iran since Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain imposed sanctions on Doha in June, accusing it of supporting terrorism, a charge it denies. In the past two years, Qaboos has been to Germany several times for medical checks, fuelling concern over succession in the U.S-allied state. He has no children and has not publicly appointed a successor. ",1
18497,Kremlin critic Navalny jailed for third time this year,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian court sentenced opposition leader Alexei Navalny to his third jail term this year on Monday, disrupting plans by the long-time Kremlin critic to campaign before Russia s coming election. Russia holds a presidential election in March next year. The incumbent Vladimir Putin has yet to announce his candidacy but is widely expected to do so and to win. Navalny hopes to run, even though Russia s central election commission declared him ineligible because of a suspended prison sentence, which he says was politically motivated. He was detained by police on Friday as he left his Moscow home to attend a pre-election rally in a provincial town and later charged with repeatedly violating laws governing the organisation of public meetings and rallies. A court sentenced him to 20 days in jail on Monday, a term which means he will miss a campaign rally planned in Putin s hometown of St Petersburg on Oct. 7 - the Russian leader s birthday.   Old man Putin is so scared of our meetings in the regions that he decided to make himself happy with a small gift for his jubilee,  Navalny said on Twitter after his sentencing. Navalny has been jailed twice already this year after organising rallies and protests against government corruption. Russian opposition activists say they are coming under increased pressure as the election approaches, with authorities  frequently turning a blind eye to violent attacks. (This version of the story refiles to fix typo in paragraph three) ",1
18498,"Post-election, critics hope Germany's hate speech law can be revised","BERLIN (Reuters) - Critics of a new hate speech law in Germany are upbeat that it can be revised after its Social Democratic sponsors vowed to drop out of the ruling coalition following last month s national election and go into opposition. The German parliament in June approved legislation that will allow authorities to fine social media networks up to 50 million euros if they fail to remove hateful postings promptly, despite warnings that the law could limit free expression. Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives will start talks in coming weeks on forming a new coalition with the environmental Greens, who abstained from voting for the law, and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), who opposed it outright. Germany has some of the world s toughest laws covering defamation, public incitement to commit crimes and threats of violence, with prison sentences for Holocaust denial or inciting hatred against minorities. But few online cases are prosecuted. The new law, which came into effect on Oct. 1, gives social media networks 24 hours to delete or block obviously criminal content and seven days to deal with less clear-cut cases, with an obligation to report back to the person who filed the complaint about how they handled the case. Failure to comply could see a company fined up to 50 million euros, and the company s chief representative in Germany fined up to 5 million euros. Opponents argue the law could damage free speech because the threat of fines will prompt social media companies to censor more content than really necessary.     Facebook and Twitter and other social media platforms are scrambling to adapt to its requirements and avoid hefty fines that the law forsees in the event of violation. The departure from government of Justice Minister Heiko Maas, an SPD member and main driver behind the new hate speech law, offers critics a new chance to get the law overturned or at least revised, according to politicians and industry groups. Nicola Beer, secretary general of the FDP, vowed in a Tweet to make the law  the shortest-ever in force.  Konstantin von Notz, digital spokesman for the Greens, told Reuters his party would press for  a new start  in many policy areas, including the hate speech law and cyber security. Bernhard Rohleder, head of the IT industry association, told the Handelsblatt newspaper on Monday that if it succeeded in forming a government, the new coalition should  correct the mistake and eliminate the law without replacement.  Marie-Teresa Weber, who heads the group s consumer law and media policy department, said the legal experts considered the law unconstitutional.  The new coalition should rescind it before the courts do so,  she said. Parliamentary experts said it might be tough to overturn the law completely, but it would likely to be tweaked in coming years once authorities begin to implement it. Affected individuals or companies could also challenge it as unconstitutional, they said. ",1
18499,"Iran sends tanks to border with Iraq's Kurdish region, Kurdish official says","ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iran deployed a dozen tanks supported by artillery at its border with Iraq s autonomous Kurdish region on Monday, a Kurdish official said, adding that the move was a dangerous escalation in the crisis triggered by Iraqi Kurdistan s independence vote.  The tanks can be seen from the Kurdish side,  an official from the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) security council told Reuters, adding that the move was a  dangerous escalation.   Iraq s Kurds overwhelmingly voted for independence in a referendum held one week ago, defying the central government in Baghdad as well as neighboring Turkey and Iran, which fear Kurdish separatism within their own borders. The deployment at the Parviz Khan border point on Monday was part of joint military drills conducted by the Iranian and the Iraqi armed forces in response to the referendum, state media in Tehran said. The exercises began last Sunday, according to Iran s Mehr news agency.  The KRG says it plans to use the referendum s result as a mandate to negotiate the peaceful secession of the Kurdish region through talks with Baghdad. KRG President Masoud Barzani said on Monday it was legitimate to hold the vote in the Kurdish areas, including in the multi-ethnic oil city of Kirkuk, also claimed by Baghdad.  Kirkuk is a Kurdistani city which should become an example for the coexistence of nations and religions,  he said during a visit to Kirkuk. But Baghdad has rejected any talks with the KRG over independence. It demanded that the KRG relinquish control over its external border crossings with Turkey, Iran and Syria. It also demanded the KRG hand over its airports to federal control. When the KRG turned down those demands, Iraq s central government imposed a ban on international flights to and from the region s two international airports on Friday. The interior ministry said on Monday foreigners stranded in the Kurdish region by the ban would be allowed to exit through Baghdad s airport without having to wait for an Iraqi visa. Many nationalities, especially westerners, were allowed into the KRG without a visa.   Baghdad gained the support of Cairo s al-Azhar, the highest seat of Sunni Muslim learning, on Monday. It issued a statement  rejecting invitations to divide Iraq.  Al-Azhar s position could help Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, a Shi ite, rally some support among Iraq s large Sunni minority against the Kurds, who are also largely Sunni.      In another effort to present the government as inclusive for all Iraqis, including Kurds, state TV announced on Monday that it will be broadcasting a daily news bulletin in Kurdish.    Iraq s defense ministry said on Friday the Iraqi authorities planned to take control of the borders of its autonomous Kurdistan region  in coordination  with Iran and Turkey. The statement did not give details. Nor did it indicate whether Iraqi forces would move toward the border posts controlled by the KRG from the Iranian and Turkish side, or set up checkpoints in the vicinity of these posts in order to control the crossings. Iranian state television on Saturday quoted a military spokesman as saying Iran and Iraq  agreed on measures to establish border security and receive Iraqi forces that are to be stationed at border posts .  We have always respected our borders with our neighbors and any (military) move will be in coordination with Baghdad  and our allies,  a senior Iranian official told Reuters on condition of anonymity. Iran has vowed to stand alongside Baghdad in the fallout following the referendum. Allowing Iraq to seize border posts from Kurdish control would further cement Iran s stance to renounce dealings with the Kurdistan region in favor of the central government in Baghdad. Backed by Ankara and Tehran, the Iraqi government has demanded that the Kurdish leadership cancel the result of the referendum or face the prospect of sanctions, international isolation and possibly a military intervention. A small Iraqi force is also deployed on the Turkish side of the border as part of joint drills with the Turkish army. Iran s military chief, General Mohammad Baqeri, met Turkish Chief of Staff Hulusi Akar in Tehran on Monday.  Iran and Turkey share the same stance on the referendum in Iraqi Kurdistan and both insist on the sovereignty of Iraq,  Baqeri was quoted as saying by state news agency IRNA after his meeting with Akar.      The armed forces of both countries will increase cooperation in training and war games,  he was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency. ",1
18500,'Just talk': Belgium offers Spain relationship advice,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Amid a rising babble of advice from European neighbors on how to handle Catalonia, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy might pay attention to one country that knows something about fending off separation   Belgium. The Belgian prime minister, Charles Michel, took a lead among European governments on Sunday after police used force to  prevent voting in a unilateral independence referendum by calling for leaders in Madrid and Barcelona to start talking.  Violence can never be the answer! We condemn all forms of violence and reaffirm our call for political dialogue,  Michel tweeted on a day when most European leaders, and the European Union authorities in Brussels, stayed silent on events in Spain. Belgium has rejigged its constitution six times in the past half century to hold together its two halves: French-speaking Wallonia and Dutch-speaking Flanders.  Three centuries after Spanish rule ended in the lands that  make up modern Belgium, a Belgian government in which Flemish nationalists play a major role feels it has something particular to say about the virtues of conversation.  Just get around the table and talk,  a Belgian government official told Reuters, summing up advice to Barcelona and Madrid.  We strongly believe that full negotiations in which all parties are included can take away that sense of frustration.  Reflecting on the three years in which Michel, a 41-year-old French-speaking Walloon centrist, has governed in coalition with the right-wing Flemish nationalist N-VA, the official said an important lesson for Belgians had been that dialogue with the separatists had substantially reined in secessionist sentiment.  The separatist tendency has declined considerably when people see that their community is being treated with respect.  Rooted in part in a history of domination by the industrial, French-speaking south during Belgium s first century or so after independence from the Netherlands in 1830, Flemish nationalism flourished as heavy industry declined and Flemings, prospering, started to resent funding welfare transfers to the Walloons. Frictions over language in universities broke out into riots in 1968 but mostly Belgium has kept a lid on communal violence, thanks in part to constitutional gymnastics that have left it a complex federal state with huge autonomy for the regions. The N-VA has muted calls for more devolution and support for independence is in single figures, polls indicate, easing fears that a Catalan secession could revive Flemish aspirations.  The pressure which has now built up in Catalonia has been negotiated away over the years in Belgium,  said Carl Devos, politics professor at the University of Ghent in Flanders. That willingness to talk endlessly over legal reforms is in contrast to what many Belgians see as an inflexibility by Rajoy to accept changing Spain s 1978 post-dictatorship constitution   and hence to negotiate a more devolved status for Catalonia. Michel made his  heartfelt  plea for an end to violence and for new dialogue after talking to some EU counterparts and to Flemish government allies on Sunday, the official said. It was not intended as an attack on Rajoy or the Spanish legal system, he said, but a response to a fear positions were hardening.  It is our trademark to deal with pressure from regions wanting more autonomy peacefully,  Devos said.  So it is not surprising that the prime minister felt the need to speak out.  ",1
18501,Uzbek dissident denies anti-government propaganda charges,"TASHKENT (Reuters) - Uzbek dissident writer Nurulloh Muhammad Raufkhon said on Monday that anti-government propaganda charges against him were a mistake and he hoped to be cleared by an impartial probe. Raufkhon, 62, forced into exile after publishing a book critical of strongman leader Islam Karimov, last week became the first prominent dissident to return to the Central Asian nation since Karimov s death in September 2016. Police detained Raufkhon on arrival on Sept. 27 from Turkey and said he had been charged with calling for an unconstitutional change of the state order and spreading materials threatening public security. He was led away from the airport in handcuffs and underwent questioning the same day. The authorities released him from jail on Sunday, but said the charges were still being investigated.  The charges I face, spreading anti-government propaganda, I think it is a mistake,  Raufkhon said in an interview with Reuters at his home.  The idea raised in my book is about abiding by the constitution and I urged (the authorities) not to act against the constitution. I talked about mistakes in policies and tried to say what was wrong.  Raufkhon said an impartial review of his book would show  there is nothing against the state  in it.  I m hoping for the best,  he said. Raufkhon decided to return to the former Soviet republic after Karimov s successor, President Shavkat Mirziyoyev ordered some 16,000 people, including the writer, struck off a security blacklist of potential extremists and dissidents in August. Mirziyoyev has also taken steps to liberalize other policies, moving to ease restrictions on travel and foreign exchange, as he seeks to improve ties with the West and attract foreign investment. ",1
18502,"Bangladesh, Myanmar agree to draw up plan for refugee repatriation: minister","DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh and Myanmar agreed on Monday to set up a  working group  to plan the repatriation of more than half a million Rohingya Muslim refugees who have fled to Bangladesh to escape an army crackdown, the Bangladeshi foreign minister said. The United Nations has called the exodus of 507,000 Rohingya since late August the world s fastest-developing refugee emergency, and says Buddhist-majority Myanmar is engaging in ethnic cleansing against its Rohingya Muslim minority. Myanmar denies that. It says its forces are battling Rohingya  terrorists  who triggered the latest wave of violence with coordinated attacks on the security forces on Aug. 25. Myanmar says more than 500 people have been killed since, most of them insurgents, whom it has accused of attacking civilians and setting most of the fires that have reduced to ashes more than half of more than 400 Rohingya villages in the north of Rakhine State. Bangladesh Foreign Minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali said he and Myanmar official Kyaw Tint Swe had agreed in their talks to set up the working group to draw up plans for repatriation.  We are looking forward to a peaceful solution to the crisis,  Ali told reporters.  Kyaw Tint Swe did not speak to the media and government spokesmen in Myanmar were not immediately available for comment. Waves of Rohingya have taken refuge in Bangladesh over the years complaining of persecution, in particular in the late 1970s, the early 1990s and in October last year, following smaller insurgent attacks on the security forces. The neighbors have agreed on repatriation plans before, but the fundamental problem - the status of Rohingya in Myanmar - remains unsettled. The Rohingya are denied citizenship and classified as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots in Myanmar that go back centuries, with communities marginalized and subjected to bouts of communal violence over the years. Ali, asked about agreements in the past having little impact, said:  This time we want to be hopeful.  In Geneva, U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi told a meeting problems of statelessness had to be tackled.  Nowhere is the link between statelessness and displacement more evident than with the Rohingya community,  he said. The crisis over the treatment of the Rohingya is the biggest problem Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has had to face since forming a government last year after winning a landmark 2015 election. The Nobel peace laureate, in an address to the nation last month, said Myanmar was ready to start a verification process under a 1993 agreement with Bangladesh and  refugees from this country will be accepted without any problem . But many refugees are gloomy about the prospects of going back, fearing they will not be able to furnish the documents they anticipate Myanmar will demand to prove they have a right to return. Myanmar has refused to grant access to a U.N. fact-finding mission but Suu Kyi last year appointed a team led by former U.N. secretary-general Kofi Annan to draw up recommendations on solving problems in Rakhine. The commission presented its recommendations on Aug. 24, a day before the insurgent attacks, among them a review of a law that links citizenship and ethnicity and leaves most Rohingya stateless. The panel also recommended that the government punish rights violations, ensure the right to freedom of movement and invest in infrastructure to lift the state out of poverty. Suu Kyi, in her address to the nation last month, said she was committed to the recommendations. There were already about 300,000 Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh before the latest exodus. In Myanmar, the government took a group of diplomats and senior U.N. officials to Rakhine to let them see the situation.  Maungdaw feels like a ghost town,  Swiss ambassador Paul Seger said on Twitter, as he arrived in a main town in the north of Rakhine. Myanmar has blocked most aid workers and the media from the area, despite calls from Western countries for access to deal with what aid groups fear is an unfolding humanitarian crisis. The diplomats were taken to various places including the Rohingya village of Ah Nauk Pyin, which Reuters reported last month was cut off and threatened by hostile Rakhine Buddhist neighbors. An itinerary of the trip referred to the report. After the visit, the United Nations repeated a call for an end to the violence, for access to the conflict zone for aid workers and for the safe return of refugees.   The U.N. delegation reiterated the need for a greater access for humanitarian and human rights actors to conduct comprehensive assessments the situation,  it said in a statement. It also said the media should have access. Suu Kyi has been accused by Western critics of not speaking out strongly enough on behalf of the long-persecuted minority and of defending the army action. She has no power over security policy under a military-drafted constitution. ",1
18503,Myanmar tells U.N. Rohingya refugees can return from Bangladesh,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Myanmar told the United Nations refugee agency on Monday its top priority was to bring back Rohingyas who have fled to Bangladesh, but much work was needed to  consolidate stability  in its troubled northern region of Rakhine. Bangladesh and Myanmar agreed on Monday to set up a working group to plan the repatriation of more than half a million Rohingya Muslim refugees who have fled to Bangladesh to escape an army crackdown, the Bangladeshi foreign minister said.  Win Myat Aye, Myanmar s Union Minister, Minister of Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement, addressed the U.N. refugee agency s (UNHCR) Executive Committee after U.N. refugee chief Filippo Grandi called for resolving issues related to Rohingya citizenship and rights.  Our next immediate priority is to bring back the refugees who have fled to Bangladesh,  Win Myat Aye told the Geneva forum.  The repatriation process can start any time for those who wish to return to Myanmar. The verification of refugees will be based on the agreement between the Myanmar and Bangladesh governments in 1993,  he said.  Those who have been verified as refugees from this country will be accepted without any problem and with full assurance of their security and their access to human dignity.  The status of Rohingya remains unsettled in Myanmar where they are denied citizenship and classified as illegal immigrants, despite claiming roots in Myanmar that go back centuries, with communities marginalized and subjected to bouts of communal violence over the years. Many refugees are gloomy about the prospects of going back to Buddhist-majority Myanmar, fearing they will not be able to furnish the documents they anticipate the government will demand to prove they have a right to return. Win Myat Aye accused  terrorist organizations  of launching coordinated attacks on police posts on Aug. 25 that sparked the exodus. He said in addition to a humanitarian perspective, handling the situation also required  considerations from security and political angles .   Although the security situation has improved in the affected areas and (there has been) no more armed clashes since Sept. 5, much needs to be done to consolidate the stability in the region,  he said.  Giving preferential treatment to one group in terms of providing humanitarian assistance or media advocacy could worsen the sentiment of the other group,  he said. ",1
18504,U.S. urges EU hopeful Albania to get tough with 'big fish' of crime,"TIRANA (Reuters) - The United States urged its NATO ally Albania on Monday to start jailing bosses of organized crime if it hopes to make headway in its bid to join the European Union.   U.S. ambassador Donald Lu said fighting organized crime and corruption was  the biggest and most difficult challenge ahead  for the ex-communist Balkan country, which officially became an EU candidate in 2014 and hopes to begin accession talks soon.   Until the big fish are arrested, prosecuted and go to jail, the cannabis will return, judges will be bribed, and government officials will be corrupted,  Lu told a gathering of judges and aspiring magistrates.    Citing U.S. reports, Lu described Albania as  a center of organized crime activity, which includes trafficking in drugs, weapons and prostitution . He said four major clans in Albania controlled 20 families involved in a wide range of criminal activities.  Albania has a substantial black market for smuggled goods, primarily tobacco, jewelry, stolen cars and mobile phones. The country remains at significant risk for money laundering because of rampant corruption and a weak legal system,  Lu said. Despite efforts to clean up the judiciary under EU pressure, a hit-and-run incident involving an armored car belonging to a powerful businessman and a police chief in the central town of Elbasan in September demonstrated again how some groups continue to see themselves as above the law. After the incident, police stepped up their seizure of suspicious luxury cars, confiscating 17 armored cars.  Lu said he was troubled to see no major drug traffickers arrested or prosecuted in 2015 or 2016 when there was a sharp increase in the cultivation of cannabis in Albania. ",1
18505,Business as usual for Thai tourism despite royal funeral this month,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - It will be business as usual this month for Thailand s lucrative tourism industry as the country gears up for the lavish funeral of its revered King Bhumibol Adulyadej, the tourism agency said on Monday.  Tourism accounts for about 10 percent of Thailand s GDP and has been one of the few bright spots for Southeast Asia s second-largest economy, which has struggled since a 2014 coup by the military. One of the world s most popular travel destinations has observed a year-long period of mourning after the death in October last year of King Bhumibol, who ruled for seven decades, and will be cremated on Oct. 26 in a ceremony lasting five days.   Tourism activities will continue as normal around the country, even though Thai people will be in mourning,  Tanes Petsuwan, a deputy governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand, told Reuters.  There are no restrictions on tourists at all and they can still enjoy  Amazing Thailand  while they are here,  he said, referring to a tagline trumpeted in tourism advertisements.   However, Bangkok s Grand Palace and the Temple of the Emerald Buddha, two key landmarks in the capital, will be closed for most of the month to host the cremation.  In a travel advisory last month, the tourism agency asked tourists to behave appropriately and respect Thai sensitivities during what promises to be an emotionally-charged time for many.  We would like to request that the solemnity of the royal cremation is observed, and visitors should refrain from any inappropriate or disrespectful behavior,  it said.  While not required to wear black, tourists should stick to  respectful clothing , it added.  With its beaches, Buddhist temples and infamous night life, Thailand remains a magnet for travelers despite weathering more than a decade of unrest, including two coups, deadly floods in 2011 and a wave of bombs in tourist towns last year. It expects to welcome a record 32.4 million visitors this year.  King Bhumibol was succeeded by King Maha Vajiralongkorn, who ascended the throne in December last year. King Vajiralongkorn has since overseen several shake-ups of palace staff and moved some agencies under his direct control, including the Crown Property Bureau, which manages most of the royal family s wealth. ",1
18506,Boris and Brexit sour British PM Theresa May's party in Manchester,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Besides her own diminished authority, Prime Minister Theresa May has been forced to contend with two major distractions in Manchester that threaten to rip her ruling Conservative Party apart: Brexit and her ambitious foreign minister, Boris Johnson. Weakened by her bet on a snap election which lost her party its majority in parliament, May had said she wanted to use her party s annual conference to showcase her pledge to make the economy work for ordinary people. Even before the conference opened, Johnson, who led the leave campaign in last year s EU referendum, provoked the ire of cabinet colleagues by repeatedly attempting to portray himself as the champion of a genuine  bold Brexit . May said her cabinet was united behind her Brexit stance but when asked whether Johnson was unsackable, she laughed and sidestepped the question. Her finance minister, Philip Hammond, said there were different views on Brexit in the cabinet. Arriving in Manchester, in northern England, Johnson said with a smile he was right behind May. He later told Reuters he was completely loyal to the prime minister and was not seeking to overshadow her at the conference, where he is popular with many activists.  I am enjoying the conference very much and the prime minister just gave a great speech to the business lunch,  Johnson said. When asked if he was seeking to overshadow May, he said:  Absolutely not.   Boris, as he is known in Britain, repeatedly upstaged former prime minister David Cameron at party conferences though after the shock referendum result sank Cameron s career, Johnson unexpectedly dropped out of the race to be leader. May won the leadership and appointed Johnson as her foreign minister, provoking consternation in European capitals who were angry at his rhetoric - including comparing the goals of the EU to those of Adolf Hitler and Napoleon. The chair of the Treasury Select Committee, Nicky Morgan, said Johnson should be fired if he could not be loyal to May.  If he can t, sort of, keep schtum about his own views, if he can t give up the oxygen of publicity, because he will be delighted that everybody is talking about him right now, if he can t stop setting down arbitrary red lines, then yes, he has to go,  she told the BBC.  And the chief whip, or the prime minister, has to deliver that message.  Divisions over Europe, which helped sink the Conservative premierships of Margaret Thatcher, John Major and Cameron, so dominate the party that almost no new policies have been announced. Those that have included a pledge to help make graduates with student debt 30 pounds ($40) a month better off, a consultation on recycling plastic bottles and some money for a railway.  It s the pro-Brexit lot versus the anti-Boris lot,  said one Conservative Party member who asked not to be named.  They re both positioning to get control of the party machine if something happens to the PM. It s a very strange atmosphere.   If we get down to a leadership contest, it will be unlike anything we ve seen for a long time   both sides will be scrapping to the death,  the member said. Many Conservatives privately say they fear a leadership contest would pave the way for an election victory by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, who Hammond cast as a Marxist seeking to impose a socialist fantasy on Britain. At the opening of the conference at a former railway station, tens of thousands of people marched through Manchester chanting  Bollocks to Brexit  and waving the gold stars of the European Union flag. At the front of the demonstration, a lorry carried a multi-headed chimera with the faces of May and three leading Brexit campaigners: Johnson; Environment Secretary Michael Gove and Brexit Secretary David Davis.  Brexit is a monstrosity,  a sign read.  Let s Stop It!  May, now one of the weakest British leaders of recent times, has just over a year to negotiate the terms of the divorce from the European Union and the outlines of the future relationship before Britain is due to leave in late March 2019.  Both sides need an agreement to keep trade flowing between the world s biggest trading bloc and the fifth largest global economy, though some diehard Brexiteers in her party are calling for her to leave without a deal. Many business leaders fear a disorderly exit that would weaken the West, imperil Britain s $2.5 trillion economy and undermine London s position as the only financial center to rival New York.  The Conservatives are in trouble and they know it: there is a sense of vacuum at the top and that tends to infect a conference,  Matthew Parris, a columnist for The Times and former Conservative lawmaker, told Reuters.  May s leadership looks unsustainable but equally all possible challengers look implausible,  said Parris.  Boris has his supporters and he has energized those supporters but he has pissed off an awful lot more including many of his parliamentary colleagues who are spitting.  ",1
18507,Factbox: How Catalan autonomy stacks up against other regions,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Questions around nationhood, tax autonomy, international representation and policy powers are at the heart of Sunday s violence-marred independence referendum in Catalonia, Spain s wealthiest region.  Below please find brief description of how Catalonia compares with other regions with separatist leanings. A historic principality that became part of a united Spanish kingdom in the 15th century, it is one of 17 autonomous regions under Spain s devolved political system created after the death of dictator Francisco Franco in 1975. It has its own government, presidency, and parliament. The statute of autonomy defining Catalonia s powers refers to Catalonia as a  nationality .   Catalan and Spanish share status as official languages in Catalonia. Catalonia has its own flag and anthem. Half of the income tax and value-added tax (VAT) levied in Catalonia is returned to the region of 7.5 million people, with the central government in Madrid deciding how the rest is spent. Company taxes also go to Madrid.   Catalonia receives 58 percent of the proceeds of a number of other taxes, including on alcohol and fuel, raised there. Its tax-collecting agency also gathers some taxes on wealth, inheritance, gambling and transport and keeps all the proceeds.   Catalonia, with about 16 percent of Spain s population of 47 million, complains about the redistribution of tax revenues.   Each year, it pays about 10 billion euros ($12 billion) more in taxes to Madrid than it gets back, or around 5 percent of regional economic output, according to Spanish Treasury data.  The Catalan government has a number of delegations abroad, including in Brussels, London and Washington.   The Catalan government has broad powers in areas such as education, health, security, culture, urban development and the environment. It has its own police force, the Mossos d Esquadra.   The central government has powers over foreign, defense, immigration and broad economic policy. A kingdom occupying the northern half of the island of Great Britain from the 9th century, Scotland s monarch took the crown of England through dynastic succession in 1603 and in 1707 the two countries formed the state of Great Britain. It is now part of the United Kingdom, with England, Wales and Northern Ireland. After rejecting independence in a 2014 referendum, Scotland was allowed to raise a portion of its own taxes with the option to set what is currently half the level of income tax.  From this year, it has had the power to set rates and bands of income tax, and half of VAT receipts from Scotland are now assigned to the Scottish government to spend. The rest of Scotland s financing comes from the UK budget via a formula which takes into account population changes. In general, Scotland, with about 8 percent of the UK s 66 million population, is a net beneficiary from the central budget. Scotland has its own international soccer team and the Scottish government has offices in Brussels, Washington, Toronto and Beijing to promote its regional interests. Scottish Development International also has some 40 offices in about 20 countries aimed at promoting trade and investment. Decisions taken in Scotland s parliament at Holyrood in Edinburgh, which was created in 1999, encompass agriculture, health, education, transport, local government, law, social work, housing, tourism and economic development, sport and arts.  All other powers   such as immigration, defense and foreign policy - are reserved to the UK parliament at Westminster. After gaining independence from the Netherlands in 1830, Belgium later faced demands for equality from Dutch-speakers in a state dominated by the then-richer French-speaking south. Since World War Two, demands for independence for the now more numerous and richer Flemings were met with six rounds of constitutional change that left Dutch-speaking Flanders and French-speaking Wallonia highly autonomous within a complex federal structure. Most tax rates are set at federal level, though the regions have some powers, such as over car and property taxes. In general, Flanders with about 6 million of Belgium s 11 million people, is a net contributor to the federal budget. Regional governments are in charge of foreign trade and conduct separate trade missions in addition to those of the federal government. Wallonia nearly derailed an EU-Canada trade deal last year. Flanders has permanent representatives in several locations Europe, as well as New York and Pretoria.  Flanders, like Wallonia, is in charge of several policy areas, notably education, healthcare and agriculture. Mainly French-speaking since the days of British and French colonial rivalry in North America, Quebec, with a population of 8.2 million, is now one of 10 provinces of the federal state of Canada, whose population is 36 million. Independence referendums in 1980 and 1995 delivered majority votes in favor of remaining part of Canada. The Canadian parliament voted in 2006 to recognize Quebec as a  nation . All Canadian provinces have the power to levy provincial taxes and receive transfer payments from the federal government. Quebec, has its own delegations in the Unites States, Latin America, Asia, Europe and Africa. Quebec is also a member of its own right in some international organizations, including UNESCO, the U.N. education, science and culture arm. The province can make laws concerning provincial matters and is still bound by federal regulations.  ",1
18508,Deadly twin suicide attack hits Damascus police station,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Two suicide bombers struck a police station in Damascus on Monday, with at least 10 people reported dead, in the first such attack to hit the Syrian capital since July. The interior minister said the blasts killed  a number of policemen and civilians  in the al-Midan neighborhood, but did not say how many.  At least 10 people were killed and 20 more injured when four armed men assaulted the station, the pro-Damascus television channel al-Mayadeen reported. Russian news agency RIA put the toll at 15.  Militants targeted the al-Midan police station and clashed with police officers there, Interior Minister Mohammad al-Shaar said on state television from the station.  One man blew himself up at the main entrance and another detonated his explosive device on the first floor, he said.  There was no immediate claim of responsibility. Footage on state TV showed bodies in shrouds on the floor of the station and fire fighters putting out flames.     The capital has enjoyed relative security as Syria s six-year civil war has raged on nearby and across the country. But several such attacks have hit Damascus in recent years, including a car bomb that killed 20 people in July. A bomb blast had also hit the same police station in al-Midan late last year. Islamic State and the Tahrir al-Sham alliance - led by fighters formerly linked to al-Qaeda - have each claimed separate suicide attacks that killed scores of people in Damascus in the past.  Monday s attack came as a response to  the major victories that our armed forces are achieving on Syrian land,  the interior minister said.     With the help of Russian jets and Iran-backed militias, the government has pushed back rebels in western Syria, shoring up its rule over the main urban centres. In recent months, it has also marched eastwards against Islamic State.   It s natural to expect that the terrorists will resort to acts like this ... but they are all desperate acts,  Shaar said.  Such operations are thwarted on a daily basis.  Syrian troops and allied forces have captured several suburbs of Damascus from rebel factions over the past year. The army and its allies are currently fighting insurgents in the Jobar and Ain Tarma districts on the capital s eastern outskirts.     ",1
18509,Merkel's Bavarian allies insist on conservative unity before coalition talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The Bavarian sister party of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU) has said her conservative bloc must agree policies on immigration, pensions and healthcare before opening coalition negotiations with two other parties. Leaders of Bavaria s Christian Social Union (CSU) - stung by a drop in support of more than 10 percent in the Sept. 24 election - have redoubled their push for a 200,000 per year cap on immigration, a demand that Merkel has rejected, complicating her efforts to form a new government. Merkel s bloc of the CDU and CSU, which have worked as partners for decades, hung onto their position as the largest group in parliament after a Sept. 24 vote, despite seeing their combined support fall to its lowest since 1949. They must find coalition partners to build a government, with the most likely path toward a majority being an alliance with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens. CSU leader Horst Seehofer said the conservative allies could not begin negotiating with the other parties until they resolved their own position on major issues, the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper reported on Monday. It quoted the Bavarian premier, who is fending off calls for his own resignation, as saying the two parties faced their biggest challenge since 1976 - when his predecessor Franz-Josef Strauss threatened for weeks to break up the alliance. Seehofer, whose biggest challenger is Bavarian finance minister Markus Soeder, a hardliner on immigration, will meet  Merkel and other top officials on Sunday, with top officials in Merkel s CDU split on the need for a rightward shift. The conflict inside the conservative camp is straining Merkel s already difficult task of bringing together parties with big differences on energy, Europe, migration and taxes. Armin Laschet, premier of Germany s most populous region, North Rhine-Westphalia, told the Handelsblatt newspaper that the migrant cap sought by CSU leaders was unacceptable. But he suggested a compromise could be found that included some  ballpark  figures. Laschet also said the Greens would have to step back from some of their hardline environmentalist demands. The CDU s leader in the eastern state of Thuringia on Monday  argued against the rightward shift demanded by the CSU and the conservative premiers of two states - Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt - where the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party made big gains in Sunday s national elections.  Our job is to fence ourselves off against the left and the right,  Mike Mohring told Reuters.  Manfred Weber, deputy leader of the CSU and head of the center-right group in the EU Parliament, told Deutschlandfunk radio it was important to avoid setting  red lines  before the coalition talks, given the urgent need to win back AfD voters. Weber said he expected all mainstream parties to focus on preventing the anti-immigrant AfD from gaining a permanent foothold in the German parliament. He said a three-way coalition among conservatives, Greens and the FDP, dubbed a  Jamaica coalition  since the parties  colors match those of the Black, Green and Yellow Jamaican flag, offered a chance to build consensus on other issues such as energy and agriculture.  Jamaica offers us a chance ... to embark on a new start,  he said.  The CSU is ready to do that.   Merkel has sought to keep the door open for a renewal of her  grand coalition  with the Social Democrats that has ruled for the past four years, but the SPD is determined to stay in opposition after suffering its worst result since 1933.  We got 20.5 percent of the vote. That is not a mandate to govern,  SPD Secretary General Hubertus Heil told broadcaster ARD on Monday. He accused the other parties of stalling coalition talks until after a state election due on Oct. 15 in Lower Saxony.   They want to govern, now they should govern,  he said. A new poll by the Hannoversche Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper showed the CDU and SPD nearly tied in Lower Saxony, with 33.1 percent and 32.8 percent, respectively. ",1
18510,Some German parties reject far-right's candidate for parliamentary post,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Three of Germany s main parties have raised objections to the far-right Alternative for Germany s (AfD) candidate for the post of parliamentary vice president, highlighting its political isolation despite a strong showing in the Sept. 24 election. The anti-immigrant AfD swept into the Bundestag lower house of parliament with 12.6 percent of the vote, making it the third largest parliamentary group. It is the first far-right party to enter the Bundestag since the 1950s. All parties represented in the Bundestag are entitled to have their own vice president of the parliament, who chairs sessions, sets the agenda and calls lawmakers to order where necessary. But the candidates need to be approved by an absolute majority of all sitting lawmakers.  The Greens, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the radical Left Party spoke out against the AfD s nomination of 75-year-old Albrecht Glaser, who has called Islam a political ideology rather than a religion, and said Muslims should not have the right to freedom of religion as Islam did not respect that freedom. Their objections demonstrated the difficulties the AfD may face in pushing its agenda - ranging from immigration and an insistence that Islam does not belong in Germany to problems it sees in the euro zone. The parliamentary vice presidents are generally elected in the first session of the lower house, which is expected to take place by Oct. 24 at the latest. Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative bloc has so far not taken a public position on the AfD s choice. Michael Grosse-Broemer, the head of the conservatives  parliamentary group, declined to comment on Monday. Carsten Schneider, parliamentary manager of the center-left Social Democrats (SPD), told Reuters TV he did not know Glaser personally, did not want to pre-judge him and would seek to clarify with other parliamentary groups whether they could get to know Glaser in some format first. However, Dietmar Bartsch, head of the Left s parliamentary group, and Cem Ozdemir of the Greens told newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung they would not vote Glaser into the position.  Whoever questions the freedom of religion has disqualified themselves,  Ozdemir said. A representative of the FDP also expressed doubts about the AfD s choice of Glaser. Glaser was a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) for 40 years until quitting in 2012 and helping to found the AfD in 2013. Alexander Gauland, head of the AfD s parliamentary group, told Reuters his party was sticking to its choice of candidate.  We all share Mr Glaser s opinion so it s completely clear,  he said. Gauland provoked outrage by saying during the election campaign that Germans should be proud of their World War Two soldiers. European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker told mass-selling Bild newspaper that Gauland was not conscious enough of the feelings of other European countries who suffered under Nazi rule.  I won t accuse the whole AfD or its voters of being total Nazis - that would be simplistic - but if you re head of a group in Germany s Bundestag you need to consider how Germany s neighbors feel. And Gauland doesn t do that,  he said. ",1
18511,"Mozambique's President Nyusi to run for re-election, promises peace","MAPUTO (Reuters) - Mozambique s President Filipe Nyusi will run for re-election in 2019, his ruling Frelimo party said on Monday, a step toward a vote meant to end sporadic clashes. Nyusi is expected to square off with opposition Renamo party leader Afonso Dhlakama, whose supporters have fought with government forces since a disputed election three years ago. Both leaders met for the first time since 2015 in August, raising hopes of a resolution to the conflict, whose scale is difficult to gauge because fighting takes place mostly in the remote interior. Nyusi told delegates at the ruling party s conference he would continue with efforts for peace Dhlakama, who has been in hiding at the Gorongosa mountains with hundreds of fighters.  It is an urgent task that belongs to everyone, regardless of political affiliation, religious or social position,  Nyusi said.  Competition over natural resources could be exacerbating unrest: Mozambique is on the verge of developing huge offshore gas reserves which could transform one of the world s poorest countries into a middle-income state. Members of the current government and Renamo fought on opposing sides in a civil war from 1975 to 1992 that killed an estimated 1 million people.  Nyusi, 57, an engineer, has been in power since 2014 when he was picked by Frelimo to succeed Armando Guebuza. Frelimo has ruled Mozambique since its independence in 1975. The former guerrilla commander Dhlakama, 64, has lost every major election to Frelimo since the end of the civil war but topped the vote count in several central and two northern provinces in 2014. ",1
18512,Police fire teargas at Kenyan vote protesters,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Police fired teargas at opposition supporters who rallied in Kenya s capital Nairobi on Monday calling for the sacking of election board officials they blame for August s botched presidential vote. Officers also clashed with crowds and fired teargas in the western opposition stronghold of Kisumu, forcing businesses to close, a Reuters witness said. Local media reported scattered protests in other western towns and the port city of Mombasa.   Kenya s Supreme Court voided the Aug. 8 election citing irregularities, without finding any individual at the election board responsible. [L5N1M119T] President Uhuru Kenyatta, who won the August vote only to have his victory annulled, has accused the Supreme Court of bringing the country close to  judicial chaos . Opposition leader Raila Odinga and his supporters have turned their ire on the election board, accusing it of wrongly handing the August vote to Kenyatta.  Supporters from both sides have traded insults and accusations, raising fears tensions could boil over into ethnic violence, as in 2007 when 1,200 people were killed after a disputed election. In the capital of the East African economic powerhouse, police fired rounds of teargas at small groups over several hours in at least three locations in the downtown business district, a Reuters witness said. After a meeting with the election board, British and U.S. diplomats condemned  inflammatory rhetoric  by politicians and said it undermined the voting authorities  preparations for the new election. In the first signal that Western governments might take concrete action against hate speech, a British diplomat told reporters:  Anyone who is found to be inciting or engaging in violence must be held accountable ... the UK reserves right to take appropriate action which may include refusing or revoking visas.  Kenyatta and Odinga have been sparring over proposed changes to the election system to prevent the Supreme Court from annulling the results again, raising doubts about the date of the re-run, currently scheduled for Oct. 26. Kenyatta said on Monday opposition supporters should accept the Supreme Court s timeline for the new poll.    You can t have your cake and eat it,  he said at an event in Nairobi.  If you celebrated the court s decision to repeat the election you must also respect the court s decision to have (the election board) preside over the repeat election within 60 days.   ",1
18513,"EU urges Spain to talk to Catalans, condemns violence","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU executive urged Spain to talk to Catalan separatists on Monday, condemning violence but also calling for unity, a day after Spanish police beat people trying to vote in an independence referendum in Catalonia. Edging into a minefield it has tried hard to avoid, despite a danger for stability in Spain and the euro zone, the European Commission issued a cautiously balanced statement. It voiced trust in Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s ability to manage this  internal matter , but also called for dialogue and reminded Madrid of a need to respect citizens  basic rights.  We call on all relevant players to now move very swiftly from confrontation to dialogue. Violence can never be an instrument in politics,  the Commission said in a statement read out by chief spokesman Margaritis Schinas, just before Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont asked for EU mediation. Pressed by reporters, Schinas declined to say specifically that the EU was condemning Spanish police tactics, though it was their actions at polling stations on Sunday which mostly shocked fellow Europeans and generated public pressure that saw other governments including Germany and France call for more dialogue. Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker spoke to Rajoy later on Monday after being in contact over the weekend, though the EU spokesman declined to say whether the Union would mediate, an unusual step for Brussels to take within one of the bloc s own member states. Aides said Juncker spelled out the Commission position and was also  in a listening mode . Donald Tusk, the former Polish prime minister who chairs summits of EU national leaders, said after his own conversation with Rajoy that he shared the Spanish premier s constitutional arguments but also appealed to him to find ways to prevent a further escalation and the use of force. The Commission statement also supported Madrid s line that the vote, which Catalan leaders said recorded a huge result for independence, was  not legal  under Spain s constitution. Brussels has in the past given little or no encouragement to separatist movements inside the European Union, whether those of the Catalans, Scots, Flemings or others.  These are times for unity and stability, not divisiveness and fragmentation,  it said. Any breakaway state would have to leave the EU and re-apply to join, the statement also noted. Even that could only happen if the split were amicable. This distinguishes Scotland, which held a referendum agreed with London in 2014, from Catalonia, where Spain s Constitutional Court has said the 1978 constitution forbids secession. For all the reluctance of other Europeans to be drawn into the dispute in public, there has been growing unease in Brussels about the way the conservative government in Madrid has handled the confrontation with Barcelona, reviving emotions rooted in 20th-century civil war and dictatorship. As pictures of heavily armoured Spanish police clubbing women on the ground stunned Europe on Sunday, the few governments that spoke out included those of Scotland, Slovenia, which emerged from the bloody collapse of Yugoslavia, and Belgium, where repeated rounds of devolution have averted a final split between French- and Dutch-speakers. On Monday, Berlin joined the calls for dialogue, warning against a  spiral of escalation . Germany s BDI industrial federation warned that splitting the highly industrialised region from Spain would be very damaging for both sides. ",1
18514,Iraqi forces seize air base from Islamic state near Hawija,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces and Shi ite paramilitaries captured an air base from Islamic State on Monday, the army said, gaining a strategic foothold in the north of the country as they push toward the town of Hawija. Iraq launched an offensive on September 21 to dislodge Islamic State from Hawija, which lies west of the oil city of Kirkuk and is one of two areas of the country still under the control of the militant group. Iraqi army commanders said the Rashad air base, which is around 30 km (20 miles) south of Hawija, was used by the militants as a training camp and logistic base.  Militants took control of the air base after the Iraqi army collapsed in 2014 in the face of the Islamic State offensive.  After quick rehabilitation works, the air base will play a key role for Iraqi forces by allowing helicopters to transport soldiers and arms in any future operation to maintain security in the north,  said army Lieutenant Colonel Salih Yaseen.    The air base will help to put an end to the terrorists  pockets hiding in mountainous areas near Kirkuk and remove any possible threat to the energy facilities and oilfields.   Hawija, north of Baghdad, and a stretch of land along the Syrian border, west of the Iraqi capital, are the last stretches of territory in Iraq still in the hands of Islamic State. Islamic State s self-declared caliphate effectively collapsed in July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, after a grueling nine-month battle. ",1
18515,"Capitalism is the only way, UK finance minister says in challenge to Labour","MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British finance minister Philip Hammond defended capitalism as the only route to prosperity on Monday, in an attempt to counter the opposition Labour Party s increasingly popular vision for a more centrally-controlled economy. In a speech to the ruling Conservative Party that contained only two new policy announcements, Hammond also said that the government s immediate task was to deal with the uncertainty for citizens and businesses resulting from Brexit. Prime Minister Theresa May is grappling with deep divisions within her party over how to handle the Brexit talks and serious doubts about her leadership after her botched bet on a June snap election lost the Conservatives their majority in parliament and boosted Labour s hopes of eventually regaining power. Hammond, who was sidelined by May during the election campaign, said last week s Labour Party conference showed it wanted to impose on Britain, the world s fifth largest economy, the  socialist fantasy  seen in Cuba, Venezuela or Zimbabwe.  We saw Labour in the raw, exposed for what it has sadly become: a party taken hostage by a clique of hard-left extremist infiltrators, people who despise Britain s values and talk down our country,  Hammond told Conservative Party activists. Seeking to put the economy center-stage in the Conservatives  pitch to voters, Hammond said Britain could only hope to experience rising living standards  by harnessing the power of the market economy . Last week Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn set out plans for a much more active role for the state in the economy, including renationalization of key infrastructure, higher government spending, and more taxation and control of the banking sector. With opinion polls showing Labour gaining support, Hammond aims to convince voters that Corbyn would make them poorer. Labour s leaders, he said,  openly proclaim their ambition to demolish our successful modern market economy and replace it with a back-to-the-future socialist fantasy with hundreds of billions of extra debt for the next generation to pay.  His words echo those of May, who last week issued her own defense of capitalism - a sign of growing concern about the threat Labour poses to the pro-business orthodoxy that has underpinned British economic policy since Margaret Thatcher s reforms in the 1980s.  Our economy is not broken: It is fundamentally strong,  Hammond said, while also accepting that a lack of progress in talks on Britain s divorce settlement with the European Union and uncertainty over future ties were weighing on businesses.  The process of negotiating our exit from the EU has created uncertainty so investment has slowed as businesses wait for clarity,  Hammond said. Business groups welcomed Hammond s defense of free markets, but said the government needed to do much more.  The speech shows a government strong on diagnosis, but weak on action. Businesses looking for clear vision and urgent delivery have been left with slim pickings,  said Carolyn Fairbairn, head of the Confederation of British Industry. Hammond pledged 400 million pounds ($535 million) of additional road and rail spending and 10 billion pounds of funding to help young Britons get on the property ladder. The government has also announced plans to tackle high levels of student debt and limits on pay for public sector workers.  We must never deny or dismiss the underlying concerns that the election articulated: we must listen to them and we must respond,  Hammond said, adding that the government should offer  pragmatic solutions  to improve ordinary people s lives. But with Brexit on the horizon, a slowing economy and the Bank of England hinting that interest rates could rise, May and Hammond have limited room for fiscal maneuver. The British Chambers of Commerce has warned that public rifts within the cabinet are undermining business confidence. Divisions over Europe helped sink the Conservative premierships of Thatcher, John Major and David Cameron.  Public disagreements between cabinet ministers in recent weeks have only served to undermine business confidence, not just on Brexit negotiations, but also on the many issues where firms need to see clear action from government closer to home,   said the Chambers  director general, Adam Marshall. Last month rating agency Moody s downgraded Britain s credit rating, saying government plans to reduce its debt load had been knocked off course and that Brexit would harm the economy. Labour said Hammond s speech on Monday was disappointing.  After 40 wasted minutes speaking and seven wasted years of Tory economic failure, the country expected to see the Chancellor change course,  Labour s finance policy chief John McDonnell said.  But instead, after a year in the job, he is continuing down the path of his predecessor and clinging to an old economic model that fails the many.  ($1 = 0.7477 pounds) ",1
18516,"Islamic State hostages, strongholds stand between U.S.-backed forces and Raqqa's capture","RAQQA, Syria (Reuters) - Raqqa s hospital, a big complex pocked with bullets holes, whose capture will signal the end of Islamic State s crumbling Syrian capital, lies just 200 yards from a front-line base of the Syrian Democratic Forces. Beyond it, a roundabout where the jihadists once displayed the heads of their enemies, crucified people and held military parades at the height of their expansion is another strategic prize sought by the U.S.-backed militia alliance. Commanders directing the battle on the ground say seizing these and a nearby stadium, Islamic State s last strongholds in the city, could take as little as a week once a final assault begins against just a few hundred remaining militants. But the ultra-hardline group is holding civilian hostages in the hospital and stadium and using sniper fire, booby traps and tunnels that emerge behind SDF lines to slow the battle. The SDF faces a tough final showdown with IS which commanders say will end at the hospital, now almost completely surrounded.  There are many civilians being held. We can t use heavy weaponry or air strikes around the hospital or stadium, so we ll encircle them as we advance,  commander Haval Gabar said at the front-line base, a home that SDF units captured last week.  The hospital will be the last point (in Raqqa) to be freed,  he said on Saturday, as bullets coming from the sprawling medical complex whizzed over the base. The SDF, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias dominated by the Kurdish YPG, has been fighting since June to drive Islamic State from Raqqa city, backed by air strikes and special forces from a U.S.-led coalition. The assault, which YPG officials initially predicted would take weeks, has dragged on as Islamic State bogs down forces with tactics used in other bastions such as Iraq s Mosul. Senior Kurdish commanders recently said Raqqa would fall by the end of October.   Right now there s no advancing,  Gabar, 25, said.  There have been many attacks from behind us  with militants launching surprise raids from a network of tunnels they dug after marauding through swathes of Syria and Iraq and capturing Raqqa in 2014, he said.  When that happens we divert forces from front-line assaults to deal with the infiltration. But it doesn t take long, maybe half an hour to deal with each attack.  The home the SDF was using as a base had an IS tunnel emerging into its living room - now blocked up with furniture. Commander Zilzal Tarhams said militants emerged from a second nearby tunnel two days before and fired a rocket into a house occupied by the SDF.  If we find tunnels we usually cave them in with explosives. There are so many,  he said. The commanders were confident of total victory soon, however, with Islamic State surrounded in a small portion of the city which houses the remaining strategic sites. Gabar, who directs fighting on the western front, said forces were waiting for the order for a final push, after which the roundabout, stadium and hospital would quickly fall.  When we begin it will be quick, maybe 10 days or so,  he said. Tarhams predicted a week.  It s really because of the civilians presence that it s taking us some time,  Gabar said. There were thousands of residents still trapped in the city, including an unknown number at the stadium and hospital, he said. Air strikes that have been used heavily in other parts of the city are not as frequent around the remaining sites, although missiles still slam into buildings in the city center. Gabar and Tarhams did not say how the SDF planned to capture the stadium and hospital, both of which provide high vantage points over the city center, while avoiding the deaths of residents held there. Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi commanded his militants not to negotiate or surrender in an audio message released recently. Raqqa s complete capture will end the group s sway in the city from where it plotted deadly attacks abroad, and projected its power in 2014 parading through streets flying black flags on military vehicles. The two SDF commanders estimated there were no more than 350 militants left in Raqqa and said these were not the elite of the group. Many leaders are believed to have fled to Deir al-Zor where the SDF and Syrian government forces are pressing competing offensives against IS. Other tactics the jihadists were using to slow SDF advances include laying booby traps, Tarhams said.  They put mines under rugs in homes and use motion sensors to set off bombs. It s a huge obstacle.  Battle weary, the commanders were keen to capture the last strategic sites as soon as possible.  We want to finish before winter - bad weather makes it harder to advance,  Gabar said.  We ll need months to fully clear the explosives afterwards - that s going to be an even bigger job.  ",1
18517,Police order Berlin district evacuation after WW2 bomb find,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Police ordered the immediate evacuation of part of southern Berlin and imposed temporary road, rail and metro closures after building workers unearthed a unexploded World War Two bomb on the site of a former railway siding. Bomb disposal experts were due to move into place once the area, a radius of 500 meters around the 250kg bomb in the southern borough of Schoeneberg, had been evacuated, Berlin police said in a tweet. Large parts of Berlin were all but leveled in the final days of the war when British and U.S. bombers pounded the city to ease the path of the encircling Russian armies that brought an end to Adolf Hitler s Nazi regime. Some 60,000 people were evacuated from their homes in Frankfurt earlier this year after a massive bomb, dropped by Britain s Royal Air Force, was unearthed. More than 2,000 tonnes of live bombs and munitions are discovered each year in Germany, more than 70 years after the end of the 1939-1945 war. British and American warplanes pummeled the country with 1.5 million tonnes of bombs that killed 600,000 people. Officials estimate that 15 percent of the bombs failed to explode, some burrowing six meters (20 feet) deep. Three police explosives experts in Goettingen were killed in 2010 while preparing to defuse a 1,000 lb (450 kg) bomb. ",1
18518,Saudi king to start Russia visit on Thursday: state news agency,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s King Salman will begin a visit to Russia on Thursday at the invitation of President Vladimir Putin, Saudi state news agency SPA said, the Gulf ruler s first trip to Moscow since becoming king in 2015. During the visit the two countries plan to set up a $1 billion fund to invest in energy projects as part of efforts by two of the world s biggest oil producers to expand cooperation, Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said earlier on Monday. SPA said the two leaders would discuss bilateral and regional issues, but gave no details. Saudi Arabia, the biggest oil producer in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, and Russia helped forge a deal between OPEC and other producers to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day from January to lift crude prices.         ",1
18519,U.S. service member killed in Iraq IED blast: Pentagon,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. service member from the coalition fighting Islamic State was killed and another injured in Iraq over the weekend when an improvised explosive device (IED) struck their vehicle, the Pentagon said on Monday. The incident took place on Sunday, Major Adrian Rankine-Galloway, a Pentagon spokesman, said, but he did not provide further details.  Prior to the incident, a dozen U.S. service members had been killed fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since 2014, according to Pentagon data.  Iraqi forces, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, began an offensive on Sept. 21 to dislodge Islamic State from Hawija. Islamic State militants set fire to three oil wells near Hawija, west of the oil city of Kirkuk, one of two areas of Iraq still under their control, military and oil officials said. Islamic State, the ultra-hardline Sunni Muslim group, has lost control of all the oilfields it once held in the north of Iraq. ",1
18520,Hungary's opposition Socialists lose PM candidate ahead of 2018 vote,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - The Hungarian Socialist Party s candidate to be prime minister after the 2018 parliamentary election resigned on Monday, accusing a  political mafia  of undermining leftist parties he had hoped would support him. Laszlo Botka s resignation leaves the left in disarray and cements right-wing Prime Minister Viktor Orban as favorite to win a third term in April s vote. The Socialists governed Hungary for three terms in the 1990s and 2000s and have tried to forge a leftist coalition to unseat Orban s ruling Fidesz party. Last week Botka, chosen as the Socialist candidate in January, made an offer to half a dozen parties to hammer out an electoral coalition, but most rejected his offer. Botka said other parties were not fighting hard enough to replace Orban and said Fidesz had infiltrated the opposition.  I made a mistake,  Botka wrote in a statement on Monday.  I did not think democratic parties only wanted a few seats in the parliament of the Orban regime and not victory in 2018 ... I did not know how much a political mafia has infused the democratic opposition, including my own party.  The Democratic Coalition (DK), led by former prime minister Ferenc Gyurcsany, which rejected Botka s coalition offer, said:     It hurts everyone when the largest party of the democratic opposition descends into chaos like this.  (Botka) lost support gradually, failed to gain new voters while alienating others and fellow opposition parties,  said DK spokesman Zsolt Greczy. Momentum Movement, which entered politics with its successful referendum campaign to stop Budapest s 2024 Olympic bid earlier this year, said in a statement it was this kind of  navel-gazing  that meant a new political generation was needed. Peter Jakab, a spokesman for the radical nationalist party Jobbik, which has toned down its message in an effort to capture more support, told reporters:  Not only the Socialists but the entire left-wing imploded today.  The only force to unseat the government is Jobbik.   Jobbik offers an alternative to everyone who wants a different government. That includes leftist voters.  Socialist vice chairman Istvan Ujhelyi, a member of the European Parliament, also resigned his party post.  Orbanistan clearly infiltrated the opposition, installing its people in nearly all potent movements,  he said.  For now, it seems the coup has reached its goal: the democratic forces have become extremely divided.  The Socialists had been the strongest leftist party in opinion polls before Botka s resignation. Socialist chairman Gyula Molnar told a news conference the party would continue to seek options to unseat Orban.  The Socialist Party cannot on its own defeat the current regime, but I continue to see a way to cooperate with the other forces. That includes the Democratic Coalition,  he said. Fidesz, which has a firm lead in polls, said in a statement Botka s candidature  was full of scandals and his demise is not surprising ... Their next candidate will come from the same Socialist mould.  ",1
18521,France's Macron backs Spain's constitutional unity in call to PM Rajoy,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron has expressed his support for Spain s constitutional unity in a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, a source in the president s office said on Monday.  Hundreds were injured on Sunday when police tried to disrupt a referendum on Catalonian independence that Madrid has deemed illegal.  The president underlined his support for Spain s constitutional unity,  the source said. The source made no reference to the tactics used by Spanish police. ",1
18522,EU's Tusk appealed to Rajoy to avoid escalation in Catalonia,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Council President Donald Tusk appealed to Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy on Monday to seek ways to avoid escalation in Catalonia and the use of force following Sunday s independence referendum in the region. After speaking to Rajoy, Tusk tweeted:  Sharing his constitutional arguments, I appealed for finding ways to avoid further escalation and use of force.  ",1
18523,Saudi women can drive at last but some say price is silence,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabian women were given the right to drive last week after nearly three decades of campaigning, but some activists say that breakthrough has come with a price: their silence. While the royal decree ending the ban on women driving has been hailed as proof of a new progressive trend in the deeply conservative Muslim kingdom, some women say they have been cowed into not speaking about it - a charge the government denies. Four women who previously participated in protests against the ban told Reuters they had received phone calls instructing them not to comment on the decree. Two women said around 25 activists had received such calls. As Saudi Arabia pushes through reforms over the objections of conservatives, the leadership is trying to modernize without  losing the support of its traditional base. Some Islamist clerics seen by the government as dabbling in politics have been detained after an apparent crackdown on potential opponents of the kingdom s rulers last month which now appears to have paved the way for lifting the driving ban. Activists and analysts say the government is also keen to avoid rewarding activism, which is forbidden in the absolute monarchy, and seems determined not to antagonize religious sensitivities. But seemingly inviolable Saudi norms are being turned on their head, with some religious clerics who supported policies such as bans on women driving and gender mixing now apparently changing their minds.   The changes suggest a possible shift in the power balance toward the Al Saud ruling family away from the Wahhabi clerical establishment. In the first protest against the driving ban, in 1990, 47 women drove around central Riyadh for nearly an hour until they were detained by the religious police, then fired from their jobs and barred from traveling. One participant, a university professor now in her 60s, recalls that act of defiance which sparked a new era in the Saudi women s rights movement.  On the first loop, we were not caught. But the second time, we were caught. I think somebody called. I remember one man, he was in front of us in his car. He went like this,  she said, wagging her finger.  That meant he didn t want us to drive.  More protests followed, but the government has not acknowledged the activists  efforts since ending the ban.  Activists who said they had received phone calls ordering them to remain silent spoke on the condition of anonymity, fearing reprisals.  He was very straightforward. He said you are ordered not to comment on the women driving issue or procedures will be taken against you. You are held accountable for anything posted after this call,  one of the callers said. Another woman, Tamador al-Yami, apologized on Twitter for being unable to comment  for reasons beyond my control .  Everybody knows.. everybody who follows.. we don t need to say it out loud :)  she wrote.  & it doesn t matter, what matters is the win, and we won . The government says the allegations are false and cites women who have spoken out, with op-eds in the New York Times and CNN.  No one has been censored or warned about expressing their views,  an Information Ministry statement said.  Saudi Arabia welcomes both the enormous interest and contributions to the debate, especially those from our own citizens.  Ending the driving ban is part of the kingdom s Vision 2030 reform program aimed at diversifying the economy away from oil and opening up Saudis  cloistered lifestyles. Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, 32, is the face of that change. Many young Saudis regard his recent ascent to power as proof their generation is taking a central place in running a country whose patriarchal traditions have for decades made power the province of the old and blocked women s progress. Yet the crown prince has been noticeably absent from the rollout of the new driving policy, which was presented to the media in Washington rather than Riyadh. That may reflect the riskiness of the move, which was welcomed by many but met with confusion and outrage by others. Saudi media has tagged news about the ban:  The king wins with women driving . Police however issued two arrest warrants over the weekend for men who posted threats against women drivers.   Activist Hala al-Dosari, who lives in Boston, said lifting the ban had also been intended to silence women activists.  The monarchy wants to be central for the Saudi state inside and outside as the owners of any reform. They are not willing to have their position contested,  she said.  How can they convince the world they are the patrons of modernization when the women of Saudi Arabia are challenging those notions?  Eman al-Nafjan, who participated in a driving protest in 2011, said she was relieved the ban had been lifted but frustrated that the role of women activists had been overlooked.  Were our efforts the reason the ban was lifted? Or was it a decision that had been made regardless of our struggles?  she wrote the day after the royal decree. The professor who took part in the 1990 protest said her family had not expressed strong opinions about her activism all those years ago, but one relative now thinks she is a celebrity.  My niece thinks I m someone special,  she said.  She says,  Oh, auntie! What you did!  ",1
18524,"Uzbek dissident released from jail, still faces charges","TASHKENT (Reuters) - Uzbek police released dissident writer Nurulloh Muhammad Raufkhon on Sunday after detaining him last week on his return from exile on charges of spreading anti-government propaganda. The detention of Raufkhon, the first prominent dissident to return to Uzbekistan since the death of its long-time leader Islam Karimov, raised questions about the new president s efforts to change the country s image. His release, if followed by a dropping of charges or acquittal in court, could clear doubts about President Shavkat Mirziyoyev s intentions to open up the Central Asian nation as he seeks badly needed foreign investments. Raufkhon told Reuters by telephone a policeman had escorted him home from detention without explaining the reason for his release or saying whether the charges had been dropped.  It happened so quickly - they took me from jail and brought me home - that I could not realize what was happening,  Raufkhon said.  I felt it was real when they knocked on my door to let me in my home. My family is so excited, everyone is happy.  Police in Tashkent could not be reached for comment. But Uzbek news website Kun.uz quoted Doniyor Tashkhojayev, deputy chief of Tashkent city police, as saying police had released Raufkhon because  his alleged involvement in terrorism was not confirmed and the arrest warrant was lifted . Charges of anti-government propaganda announced by police last week will still be investigated, according to the report. Raufkhon was blacklisted by the government of strongman leader Karimov in 2016 after publishing a book criticizing his policies, and chose to stay abroad, in Turkey, to avoid imprisonment at home. Karimov died last September after running the mostly Muslim nation bordering Afghanistan for 27 years. His successor Mirziyoyev has since taken steps to liberalise the country and mend the previously strained ties with the West. Raufkhon decided to return to Uzbekistan after Mirziyoyev last month ordered 16,000 people, including the writer, struck off the security blacklist of potential extremists and dissidents. But police said last week a criminal case against Raufkhon had remained active since he was charged in absentia with making public calls for unconstitutional change of the state order and producing and disseminating materials containing threat to public security and public order. Each crime is punishable by up to five years in prison under Uzbek law. ",1
18525,Denmark to send 55 soldiers to Kabul after deadly attack on convoy,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark, part of the NATO-led military mission in Afghanistan, said Monday it will send an additional 55 soldiers to the country to boost security efforts after a car bomber attacked a Danish convoy last week. The soldiers will assist the 97 Danish soldiers already in Afghanistan protecting advisers traveling to and from the Afghan military academy near Kabul, Denmark s Ministry of Defense said on Monday.   If the Afghan government loses control, Afghanistan will once again become a haven for terrorist groups and we risk another wave of refugees to Europe and Denmark,  Foreign Minister Anders Samuelsen said in a statement. The 55 Danish soldiers will be stationed in Kabul at the beginning of 2018. ",1
18526,Former leader of Germany's far-right planning to found new party,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Frauke Petry, the former co-leader of the Alternative for Germany (AfD), wants to form her own party after quitting the far-right group following the Sept. 24 national election which catapulted it into parliament as the third largest bloc. Petry, a 42-year-old chemist who was the most high-profile figure in the AfD s more moderate wing, was asked in an interview with Welt am Sonntag newspaper whether she wanted to form her own group in the Bundestag lower house and then a party.  Yes,  she said.  She also said she and her supporters in the regional assembly of the eastern state of Saxony would form a group and perhaps a parliamentary group with the aim of running in the 2019 regional election. Petry was the AfD s most recognizable face for much of the last two years as she transformed it from an anti-bailout party into a predominantly anti-immigration party capitalizing on rising public anger over Chancellor Angela Merkel s 2015 decision to open the borders to more than a million migrants. Petry sought to distance herself from some of the AfD s more extreme positions as she explained her reasons for wanting to found a new party.  The clientele for what we want to do, namely practical politics with a clear market orientation, is much bigger outside the AfD,  she said. Last week Petry shocked the party by announcing she would take up her seat as an independent MP and quit the AfD after it won 12.6 percent in the election, becoming the first far-right party to win seats in parliament since the 1950s. Several other AfD members have followed Petry - who had for months clashed with other senior figures because she wanted the party to take a more moderate course - in leaving. Petry stressed she would not aim to cause an exodus from the AfD:  We won t seek to remove the core of the AfD because it won t work,  she said.  I know that AfD members want to switch to us because we have received requests from them.  Petry, whose Facebook page now describes her as  free and conservative , declined to say what the party would be called. She did not give much detail on what it would stand for but said she agreed with much of the AfD s manifesto.  The AfD says Islam in general does not belong to Germany but Petry said if Muslims accepted religion was their private issue and did not make political demands based on it, they could make Germany their home. She also said she favored controlled immigration of qualified foreigners while others in the AfD were against all kinds of immigration. The AfD is ostracized by all other parties, which refuse to work with it. None of them even want to sit next to the AfD in parliament. ",1
18527,UK still hopeful of moving EU talks onto future ties: junior minister,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Britain s junior Brexit minister said on Monday he was hopeful that EU negotiators would agree to move on to discuss future relationships in October, even after the head of the European Commission said it would take  miracles  for that to happen.   I am very hopeful that everyone will see the mutual advantage  of moving on to a discussion of the future relationship in October,  Steve Baker told an event at the Conservative Party s annual conference.  Britain has been seeking to push the talks beyond the terms of the divorce and on to future ties, including trade, at a European meeting later in October. But Jean-Claude Juncker appeared to dash those hopes when he said last week that the first stage of talks had not made enough progress.  ",1
18528,Run or wait? Tokyo's Koike faces dilemma ahead of Oct. 22 poll,"TOKYO - Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike has made no secret of her desire to be Japan s first female prime minister - she even named her pet terrier  Sori , Japanese for  premier . But Koike, 65, whose fledgling Party of Hope poses a growing threat to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling bloc in an election this month, faces a tough choice: run now for a seat in parliament to become eligible for the top job, or wait and bet her party positions itself to win the next national poll. Abe called the Oct. 22 poll in hopes his Liberal Democratic Party-led bloc could keep its majority in the lower house, where it now holds a two-thirds  super majority , but Koike s party has upended forecasts.  If Koike resigns as governor little more than a year after defying Abe s LDP to run successfully for that post, she would risk a backlash from voters. Waiting might let her best shot at the premiership slip through her fingers.  If she thinks of the nation, it is important that she boldly announce her candidacy, present her ideas about important matters ... and debate policies head on,  Abe s ally, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga, told reporters on Monday. Koike, a media-savvy former LDP member and defense minister, has said she would not resign as governor to run now, especially ahead of the 2020 Olympic Games, which Tokyo will host. But her carefully phrased remarks have failed to kill speculation that she will run. Candidates must register on Oct. 10, when the campaign officially starts. Koike is certain to be watching opinion polls as she weighs her decision.  A TV Asahi survey published on Monday showed 72 percent of respondents were negative about her potential candidacy. A separate NHK poll showed that support for Abe dropped seven points to 37 percent. Voters were split on Koike s new party, with about 47 percent having hopes for it, versus the same percentage with little or no expectations. Further complicating the outlook, Yukio Edano, an executive  of the failed opposition Democratic Party -  which last week decided to run no candidates of its own and have members run on the Party of Hope ticket - announced on Monday the formation of a new Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan with fellow liberals. It was not essential that Koike run this time around, her close ally, Masaru Wakasa, said on Sunday.   If there is a firm prospect of a change in government, party chief Koike might run for parliament, but if we can achieve a change in the  next, next  election, she doesn t have to run now,  Wakasa said during a debate on NHK. Koike, however, has already once blindsided Wakasa, who led   efforts to form the new party, by announcing, on the day Abe called the snap poll, that she would lead the Party of Hope herself, not entrust it to allies. On Monday, she told Jiji news agency her party aimed to run more than the 233 candidates needed to take a majority in the 465-seat lower house.  If you don t buy a lottery ticket, you can t win,  she said. But she again denied she would seek a seat in parliament now.  I was in national politics for 24 years and I have no intention to go back to a place where you can achieve nothing despite spending so much time,  she said. A former TV announcer who speaks Arabic and English and peppers her speeches with foreign words, Koike wants to build a  pro-reform, conservative  party to compete with the LDP, in part by cannibalizing the failed main opposition Democratic Party and luring smaller parties to her side. Her cool, polished demeanor belies a steeliness beneath.  She can take a punch with a smile and sharpen her knives at the same time,  said Jesper Koll, head of equity fund Wisdom Tree, who has followed Japanese politics for years. Like former prime minister Junichiro Koizumi, one of her past mentors, Koike promises to  break free of vested interests , a slogan that resonates with voters looking for an alternative to the LDP - although critics question just how different that alternative would be from Abe s LDP. To differentiate her party from the LDP, Koike has adopted popular policies, such as an end to atomic power amid public safety worries after the 2011 Fukushima nuclear crisis, and proposes to freeze a planned sales tax hike from 2019. But she also backs Abe s push to expand the role of the military overseas and his goal of revising the post-war constitution - although recently she has avoided focusing on the divisive issue of amending its pacifist Article 9. She has also said in the past that Japan should consider having nuclear weapons, breaking a taboo in the only country to suffer an atomic attack, and, like Abe, has visited the Yasukuni Shrine for war dead, seen in China and South Korea as a symbol of Japan s past militarism. Koike entered politics in a small reformist party and migrated through several other groups before joining the LDP and in 2008 became the first woman to run for head of the conservative party. She came in a distant third. ",1
18529,World Food Programme cuts rations for refugees in Kenya,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - The U.N. World Food Programme is cutting food rations by 30 percent for more than 400,000 refugees living in camps in Kenya due to insufficient funding, it said on Monday. Dadaab and Kakuma camps in Kenya are primarily home to refugees from neighboring Somalia and South Sudan, both ravaged by wars that have forced millions of people to flee.  The World Food Programme said it needed $28.5 million to cover the food assistance needs of the 420,000 refugees living in the camps for the next six months.   An abrupt halt to food assistance would be devastating for the refugees, most of whom rely fully on WFP for their daily meals,  said Annalisa Conte, the top WFP official in Kenya.  The funding shortfall comes six months after the United Nations warned that the world was facing its greatest humanitarian disaster since World War Two because of the threat of famine in South Sudan, Somalia, Nigeria and Yemen. It said in March that 20 million people risked starvation in what it called largely man-made hunger crises in addition to drought.   The Famine Early Warning Systems Network said in a report last month that risk of famine persists in parts of Somalia due to the extended drought and disease outbreaks.  ",1
18530,Sri Lanka arrests Buddhist monk after protest against Rohingya Muslims,"COLOMBO (Reuters) - A Sri Lankan court remanded a Buddhist monk in custody on Monday after charging him with leading hardline nationalists in a protest against 31 Rohingya Muslim asylum seekers last week, forcing the refugees to flee a U.N. safe house, police said. The police have so far remanded seven people on several charges including creating communal disharmony, attacking police and damaging property, police spokesman Ruwan Gunasekara told Reuters. The monk, Akmeemana Dayarathana, and colleagues are accused of storming into the safe house chanting  Rohingyas are terrorists . President Maithripala Sirisena s government condemned the attack on the refugees as  shameful  and urged police to hunt down those responsible. The refugees, who were arrested in April along with two suspected Indian traffickers in a boat in Sri Lankan seas, were taken into protective custody and then to a detention center outside Colombo following the protest on Tuesday. Tension between Myanmar s majority Buddhists and the Rohingya, most of whom are denied citizenship, has exploded several times over the past few years as old enmities, and Buddhist nationalism, surfaced with the end of decades of harsh military rule.  There has been an exodus of Rohingya from Myanmar s Rakhine state since Aug. 25, when attacks by Rohingya militants triggered a military crackdown that the United Nations has branded  ethnic cleansing . ",1
18531,"Most Filipinos believe drug war kills poor people only, survey shows","MANILA (Reuters) - Most Filipinos believe only the poor are killed in their country s war on drugs, and want President Rodrigo Duterte to reveal the identity of alleged narcotics kingpins and charge them in court, a survey released on Monday showed. The survey of 1,200 Filipinos by Social Weather Stations (SWS) conducted late in June also showed public opinion was split over the validity of police accounts of operations against illegal drugs that resulted in deaths. More than 3,800 people have been killed during Duterte s 15-month-old crackdown, all during police operations. Human rights group say the death toll is much higher and the official figures overlook murders attributed to shadowy vigilantes. Some activists say unknown gunmen have collaborated with police to kill drug dealers and users. Police and the government vehemently reject those allegations and accuse critics of exaggerating the death toll for political gain. The high death toll in Duterte s fight against crime and drugs, a key election plank, has stoked international alarm, although domestic polls have shown Filipinos are largely supportive of the tough measures. The crackdown has come under heavy scrutiny of late, prompted largely by the police killing of a 17-year-old student on August 16. Two witnesses on Monday told a senate inquiry they saw police officers kill another teenager arrested earlier in the same area for robbery. In both teen killings, however, police said the victims had violently resisted arrest. A third teenager arrested with the second victim was found dead with 30 stab wounds in a province about a three-hour drive away from the capital. Duterte has several times brandished what he called a file on 6,000 alleged druglords at the center of the country s  trade. In the SWS survey, 74 percent of respondents said they wanted him to make that list public. The survey also showed 60 percent agreed with the statement that only poor drug pushers were killed. Duterte, who enjoys huge support among working class Filipinos, has been angered by critics who characterized his campaign as a war against the poor.  The survey also showed nearly half of respondents were undecided whether police were telling the truth when saying that drugs war deaths happened only when suspects refused to go quietly.  Twenty-eight percent said the police were lying but a quarter believed they were being honest. The Philippines, extremely sensitive about foreign criticism of its drugs war, last week accused the West of bias, hypocrisy and interference after 39 nations, most of them European, expressed concern about the drug-related killings. ",1
18532,Islamic State torches oil wells in northern Iraq: officials,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic State militants set fire to three oil wells near Hawija, west of the oil city of Kirkuk, one of two areas of Iraq still under their control, military and oil officials said on Monday. Iraqi security forces were using bulldozers to control the fires started by the militants in the early hours of Saturday to slow the advance of U.S.-backed Iraqi forces and Shi ite militia groups toward Hawija town, military officials said.  The Allas oilfield, 35 km (20 miles) south of Hawija, was one of the main sources of revenue for Islamic State, which in 2014 declared a caliphate in parts of Syria and Iraq.  Terrorists are trying to use the rising smoke to avert air strikes while retreating from the area toward Hawija,  said army Colonel Mohammed al-Jabouri. Military officials said the fire had been brought under control at one of the wells, while the other two were still burning. They said it would take about three days to put out the fires. Oil officials from the state-run North Oil Company said it was still too risky to send its crews in to assess damage at the wells as militants may have left bombs and landmines. Iraq launched an offensive on Sept. 21 to dislodge Islamic State from Hawija. Islamic State, the ultra-hardline Sunni Muslim group, has lost control of all the oilfields it once controlled in the north of Iraq. ",1
18533,"Saudi sovereign fund to develop holy sites in Mecca, Medina","RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s Public Investment Fund (PIF) is forming two real estate development firms to boost the capacity of Mecca and Medina to receive pilgrims, in projects expected to create billions of dollars of business, it said on Monday. The plans are part of an array of commitments which the PIF, the country s main sovereign wealth fund, is taking on under economic reforms designed to reduce Saudi Arabia s dependence on oil exports. The government is mobilising the fund, believed to have about $180 billion of assets, to lead urban development and industrial projects around the country, even as the PIF manages stakes in top Saudi companies and makes foreign investments such as last year s purchase of a $3.5 billion stake in Uber. The scope of the PIF s activities has caused concern among some private Saudi businessmen. The reforms aim to stimulate the private sector but with so many huge projects going to the PIF, some businessmen fear they could be crowded out by the deep-pocketed fund. The PIF said the first phase of its development of an area near the Grand Mosque in Mecca would cover 854,000 square metres (9.1 million square feet) and deliver 115 buildings. It is to include 70,000 new hotel rooms and 9,000 housing units. Construction will start this year with the first phase expected to open in 2024. By 2030, the area will contribute $2.1 billion annually to gross domestic product, the fund said. It also plans to develop 1.3 million square metres near the Prophet s Mosque in Medina, adding 500 housing units and 80,000 hotel rooms. Expanding Islamic tourism is a top goal of Saudi reforms, which seek to develop non-oil income to offset a plunge in oil export receipts due to low crude prices. The PIF did not reveal how much money it would invest, how it would award contracts, or the extent to which private investors would be brought in. Riyadh has said it wants to involve private capital in major projects to reduce pressure on state finances, but in many cases a legal framework for such ventures has not yet been created. Most Saudi real estate developers are small, so state bodies often have to be used to jump-start large projects, especially when the government wants to move quickly. Among other PIF projects, the fund said last week that it would lead the $4.8 billion redevelopment of Jeddah s waterfront corniche. [nL8N1M83KV] In August, the government said it would develop resorts on about 50 Red Sea islands in a PIF-backed project. The fund will be the main investor in a 334 square kilometre (129 square mile)  entertainment city  near Riyadh featuring cultural and recreational facilities. ",1
18534,Police questioned suspect in Marseille knife killings prior to attack,"PARIS (Reuters) - A man suspected of carrying out a knife attack in the French city of Marseille, in which two women were stabbed to death, had been arrested and then released by police the day before the incident, the Paris public prosecutor said on Monday. The prosecutor, Francois Molins, told a news conference that the suspect, who was shot dead by a French soldier, went by seven different identities. One such identity named him as  Ahmed H , born in 1987 in Tunisia. He had shown a Tunisian passport when last stopped by police in the city of Lyon on Sept. 29 on suspicion of robbery. He was subsequently released by police for lack of evidence on Sept. 30, the day before Sunday s attack.  The attacker had been pointed out on seven different times since 2005, under seven different identities. The last time, on September 29, related to an arrest in Lyon over shoplifting,  Molins told a news conference. Molins said none of the suspect s seven different identities had thrown up any alert on French anti-terrorist check lists. The authorities were trying now to establish his real name and the authenticity of the Tunisian passport he had shown. Police sources said the suspect had shouted  Allahu Akbar  (God is greatest) in Arabic as he attacked the women at Marseille s main railway station on Sunday, in what officials described as a  probable terrorist act . The militant Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attack but did not name the assailant. Molins did not confirm or deny any suspected involvement by Islamic State. Molins added that the suspect had told police he lived in Lyon, was homeless, divorced and had problems with drug abuse. The assailant was shot dead by a soldier from the military Sentinelle patrol, a force deployed across the country under a state of emergency declared after Islamist militant attacks began almost two years ago. Multiple attacks by militants killed 130 people in Paris in 2015. In 2016 a gunman drove a truck into a crowd celebrating Bastille Day in Nice, killing 86 people. Both of these attacks were claimed by Islamic State. ",1
18535,Hard choices for Syrian industrialists in ruins of Aleppo,"AMMAN/ALEPPO, Syria (Reuters) - When Syria s civil war came to the industrial city of Aleppo in 2012, two textile makers had to choose whether to stay or move their businesses away.  Nine months after fighting in Aleppo ended, the struggle of the one who stayed in the city to reopen his factory shows why the other will not return yet from the security of neighboring Jordan. Restoring the Aleppo industries that have for decades underpinned Syria s economy is vital if President Bashar al-Assad is to turn battlefield success into a fuller return of state power. Moustafa Kawai, who remained in Aleppo, moved his cotton-weaving machines to a temporary site but now has workers clearing his battered factory of debris to reopen it.   Our biggest problem is electricity. There are also very few workers because everyone s in the army. Sanctions affect the work. Customers can t come here. Transferring money is difficult. It s hard to buy spare parts,  he said. Mahmoud Akkad, a carpet manufacturer who like many Aleppo industrialists left Syria during the war, faces no such problems in Jordan where he has rebuilt his plant and kept up exports to old customers around the world.  What do I benefit if I want to set up a factory and there is no safety,  he said, explaining the benefits of moving to an industrial zone in a country unaffected by Middle East turmoil.  The International Monetary Fund estimated last year that Syria s economy had shrunk by 57 percent during the conflict and its manufacturing sector by 77 percent.  The war has since gone better for Assad as his army and its allies pushed rebels from Aleppo and other enclaves near important cities, and Islamic State from energy fields.  Growing confidence is evident in a new banknote bearing Assad s face for the first time and in Damascus holding its once-annual trade fair after a long hiatus.     But the war still dominates Syria s economy, even where the fighting has stopped. Most Aleppo factories were destroyed, badly damaged or looted.  Their workers fled as refugees or became combatants. Despite a new power line to the city, there is little electricity, leaving people reliant on expensive diesel generators. Water must be pumped electrically.   Fighting continues outside Aleppo. The army and allied militias who control the city operate checkpoints that some Syrians say demand bribes to let goods or workers pass, a charge the military denies. Travel outside the city means using narrow roads to bypass rebel territory and more checkpoints.  Western sanctions make foreign trade much harder, hindering the purchase of new equipment and payments for commercial deals. Although the government urges industry to return to areas where it has regained control, some businessmen say it is not doing enough to bring them back.  Fares Shehabi, the head of Aleppo s chamber of industry,  said that since the fighting ended, the number of factories and workshops had risen sharply.  Before the war there were 65,000, he said. When the rebels left in December there were 4,000. There are now 6,000, he said, attributing the rise to returning industrialists who are restarting their businesses.  But Shehabi, a supporter of Assad who has been sanctioned by the European Union for backing the government, is also critical of its reconstruction policy.   There are some incentives but not enough,  he said during an interview, citing tax deductions and reduced customs tariffs for industrial imports for all Syrian customers as things the government has done.  There were no specific incentives offered for Aleppo.  They should treat us like a devastated area... we don t have the level of administration that is needed to really save this industry, to make it run again,  he added.  In Jordan, Akkad said the Syrian government had encouraged him to return and he said he hopes to do so eventually.  It all depends on the circumstances improving,  he said.  He has built one factory that produces most of the same range of rugs and carpets he once made in Aleppo and is also investing in a new $5 million plant to make yarn.  Some of his most skilled weavers followed him to Jordan and few others remain in Aleppo.  Only five percent of my workforce have remained... Most headed to Germany, to Turkey,  he said.  In 2010, Aleppo had about a third of Syria s industrial companies and industry workers, Central Bureau of Statistics figures show. There were about a million people employed in its factories, Shehabi said.  During the decade before the war Assad s economic reforms helped Aleppo s businesses to grow more quickly.  Akkad was among the first to leave the small inner city workshops and move his operations into Sheikh Najjar, north of Aleppo, the biggest industrial zone in the city.  His family owned three factories there and was one of the biggest exporters of Syrian textiles. Sheikh Najjar became a battlefield in 2013, occupied by successive forces whose warfare caused massive damage and who stripped plants of equipment. Akkad risked losing business relationships built over 50 years.   Today you have customers all over the world. This is very costly to get a new network of customers. It s more expensive than the plant itself,  he said.  He considered starting again in Turkey, Lebanon, or Egypt. Some city industrialists have moved to each of the three countries and others went elsewhere in Syria, but Akkad chose Jordan, untouched by the 2011 Arab uprisings.  His business is now located in a well-policed industrial zone there, the machine guns of Jordan s anti-terrorist force guarding the entrance.   What brought us here was the security,  he said.      When rebels took over Moustafa Kawai s factory in 2013, he bought new machines and started producing on a temporary site in a government-held district of Aleppo instead of moving away. That site - which still represents his entire output - is in a ramshackle building near Aleppo stadium. Across the corridor is a sweat shop owned by a different business where small children make sports shoes in a fug of glue fumes, showing how far the city s once-advanced industry has regressed. Kawai produces about two tonnes of baled cotton a day now, compared to 18 tonnes a day before the war. When Reuters visited Kawai s operations, cotton spinning machines whirred and rattled in a cramped room. Plastic-wrapped bales of white cotton lay to one side.       Electricity is provided by a diesel generator and costs 250,000 Syrian pounds ($480) a week to power five machines. It often stops working. By comparison, in his large purpose-built factory before the war, he paid 100,000 pounds a week to power 30 machines in the Belleramoun industrial zone in west Aleppo. The pound was worth about 10 times more against the dollar than it is now.  He also had spacious loading bays and other facilities there that he lacks in the temporary site.  Like much of Sheikh Najjar, Belleramoun is now a wasteland of shellpocked buildings, mostly empty but for army checkpoints.  Still Kawai has started work to move back. Outside his factory, six hands were shifting rubble with spades on a street that abruptly ended a hundred yards away with an abandoned canon and an earthen mound. Beyond it lay no-man s land. Fighters  graffiti covered factory walls. Salvaged metal flanges were soaking in oil to strip rust, because Syria s weak pound makes importing new ones too expensive.  We started working here about six months ago. We want another year to return completely,  said Bashar Aissa, the supervisor.  ",1
18536,Catalan commission to investigate claims of abuse during banned referendum,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia will create a special commission to investigate claims of abuse by Spanish police during a banned referendum on independence on Sunday after more than 800 people were left injured, leader of region Carles Puigdemont said on Monday. Thousands of Spanish police were shipped in to the region to prevent the vote on secession though scenes of violence due to heavy-handed tactics by armored, baton-carrying riot units have received international condemnation. The vote which the constitutional court banned and Madrid said was illegal, yet still attracted millions of defiant voters, was valid and binding, Puigdemont said during a conference.  The Catalan leader said he had had no contact with Spain s central government and called on Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to say whether he was in favor of mediation in talks over the region s future, which should be overseen by the European Union. ",1
