id,title,text,label
14028,"Zimbabwe bourse loses $6 billion, index falls 40 percent after military takeover","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s stock market has shed $6 billion while its main index has slumped 40 percent since last Wednesday when the military seized power leading to the fall of Robert Mugabe, stock exchange data showed on Thursday. The main industrial index was at 315.12 points compared with 527.27 points on Wednesday last week when the military announced its takeover and put former president Mugabe under house arrest. On Thursday the index fell 4.4 percent. The Zimbabwe Stock Exchange had been on a rapid rise in the last two months, driven by investors seeking a safe haven for their investment amid fears of a return to hyperinflation in an economy suffering acute shortages of foreign exchange. But analysts said the market had entered a period of correction on investor optimism of a change in economic policy in a post-Mugabe era.  Market capitalization was $9 billion, down from $15 billion last week, bourse data showed. On the currency front, black market rates for buying cash dollars softened further on Thursday.  Buying $100 using electronic transfer cost $150, down from $180 last week. Some black market traders said they were not buying dollars at all, anticipating further softening of rates. Zimbabwe adopted the U.S. dollar in 2009, along with Britain s pound and the South African rand, to tame inflation that topped out at 500 billion percent.   The market is adjusting back to reality,  an analyst at a Harare-based asset management company said.  The gains that we had seen were being fueled by an outlook of a return to hyperinflation, continued isolation of Zimbabwe by international lenders as well as well as a depressed economic outlook.  An analyst at a local stockbrocking firm said Mnangagwa had hit the right notes with his speech on Wednesday. Mnangagwa said he wanted to grow the economy, create jobs and for Zimbabwe to re-engage the international community as the country has faced isolation since 1999 when it defaulted on its debt with the International Monetary Fund. Most of Zimbabwe s 13 million people remain poor and face currency shortages and sky-high unemployment, something Mnangagwa promised to address. ",1
14029,"Pope, at service for Africa, decries murder of women and children","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Thursday denounced the murder of innocent women and children as the  horrid face  of war as he presided at a special prayer service for peace in South Sudan and the Democratic Republic of Congo. Francis had planned to go later this year to South Sudan, which has been hit by civil war, famine and a refugee crisis, but had to scrap the project for security reasons. During the service, which was punctuated by African singing in English, French, Italian and Swahili, Francis asked God to  break down the walls of hostility that today divide brothers and sisters, especially in South Sudan and the Democratic Republic of Congo.   May he protect children who suffer from conflicts in which they have no part, but which rob them of their childhood and at times of life itself,  he said in his brief homily.  How hypocritical it is to deny the mass murder of women and children! Here war shows its most horrid face,  he said. St. Peter s Basilica was decked out with photographs of African children. South Sudan gained independence from Sudan in 2011 after protracted bloodshed, then fell into civil war in late 2013, with troops loyal to President Salva Kiir fighting those backing Riek Machar, a former vice president Kiir had sacked. Both sides have targeted civilians, human rights groups say.  Right now, we are moving into the lean season, and by July of 2018, many thousands of people across South Sudan   not just isolated pockets of the country   will be dying from hunger,  said Jerry Farrell, country representative in South Sudan for  Catholic Relief Services.  What is most tragic is there absolutely shouldn t be hunger in South Sudan,  he said in an email, adding that people of different tribes inter-marry and work together but that the conflict is instigated and fanned by politicians. In the Democratic Republic of Congo, dozens of people have died in protests against President Joseph Kabila s refusal to step down at the end of his constitutional mandate last December. Unrest sparked by the uncertainty surrounding the polls has raised fears Congo could witness a repeat of the kind of violence that killed millions around the turn of the last century, mostly from hunger and disease. ",1
14030,Russia likely to reduce forces in Syria before year-end -general,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Russia s military forces in Syria are likely to be  substantially  reduced and a drawdown could begin before the end of the year, the head of the Russian general staff, Valery Gerasimov, said on Thursday.  ",1
14031,PM Hariri urges Lebanese to put country first,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said on Thursday Lebanon s political crisis was  a wake-up call  for Lebanese with different loyalties to put their country ahead of regional issues. Hariri was referring to the crisis ignited by his shock announcement on Nov. 4 that he was resigning. He made it from Saudi Arabia, a Sunni monarchy and regional powerhouse locked in a confrontation with Shi ite Islamist Iran. After returning to Lebanon this week, he shelved the decision on Wednesday at the request of President Michel Aoun.  The period that passed was perhaps like a wake-up call for all of us to look for Lebanon s interests rather than looking at problems around us,  Hariri said at the Annual Arab Banking Conference in Beirut on Thursday.  The problems around us are important, but Lebanon is more important.  Hariri reaffirmed the need for Lebanon to stick by its policy of staying out of regional conflict  not just with words but with action as well .  I want to stress that ... our main concern is stability, and this is what we ll be working on.  Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil, the head of President Aoun s political party, wrote to the Arab League chief on Thursday, stressing Lebanon s policy of staying out of regional crises, the state news agency reported.  The regional role played by the Iranian-backed Hezbollah political and military movement has greatly alarmed Saudi Arabia, Hariri s long-time ally. Hezbollah s parliamentary group met on Thursday and said in a statement afterwards that Hariri s return to Lebanon and his  positive statements  signaled a possible return to normality. Hariri said on Wednesday his decision to postpone resigning would lead to  a responsible dialogue ... that deals with divisive issues and their repercussions on Lebanon s relations with Arab brothers.  Top Lebanese officials have said Riyadh forced him to quit and held him in the kingdom. Riyadh and Hariri deny this. Hariri returned to Lebanon after an intervention by France. A leader in Hariri s Future Movement said on Thursday that Hariri s decision to wait instead of officially resigning from his post was a  wise step  that would allow for more dialogue. ",1
14032,Nuclear test-ban body heard noise near Argentine sub's last position,"VIENNA (Reuters) - An international nuclear test-ban body that runs a global network of listening posts designed to check for secret atomic blasts detected an  unusual signal  underwater last week near where an Argentine submarine went missing, it said on Thursday.  The Vienna-based Comprehensive nuclear Test-Ban Treaty Organization (CTBTO) runs monitoring stations equipped with devices including hydrophones - underwater microphones that scan the oceans for sound waves. Two of its monitoring stations detected the unusual signal, the CTBTO said in a statement, adding that it was passing the information on to the Argentine authorities coordinating the search for the ARA San Juan, which had 44 crew on board when it went missing last week. An Argentine navy spokesman said earlier on Thursday that an abnormal sound detected near the submarine s last known position in the South Atlantic was  consistent with an explosion , but the CTBTO was more guarded on the possible cause.   It could be consistent with an explosion but there is no certainty about this,  CTBTO hydroacoustic engineer Mario Zampolli told Reuters. He agreed with the navy spokesman s description of the signal as unusual and short, adding that the cause was non-natural.  We can also calculate the time when the event happened in that location and that time is about three and a half hours after the last contact that the sub apparently had, according to what s out in the news,  he said. The stations that detected it are far apart, in the Atlantic and Indian oceans, he added. ",1
14033,UK's Brexit withdrawal bill to be debated from December 4,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s parliament will debate the Brexit withdrawal bill on Dec. 4, and on a further four days in the month, the leader of the House of Commons said on Thursday. The EU Withdrawal Bill, which faces much opposition in parliament, aims to sever political, financial and legal ties with the bloc and  copy and paste  many European rules and regulations into British law after the country leaves the European Union.  ",1
14034,"Unbending on border, Ireland says there work to do to get Brexit deal next month","DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland, armed with an EU veto and insistent on an open Irish border after Britain leaves the bloc, is hopeful agreement can be reached by mid-December but believes sufficient progress has yet to be made. Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Thursday his country needed more clarity from London. The border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, which will be the UK s only land frontier with the bloc after its departure, is one of three issues Brussels wants broadly solved before it decides next month on whether to move the talks onto a second phase about trade, as Britain wants.  I am hopeful this can be reached in December, but it is by no means pre-determined... We need a lot more clarity,  Coveney told a parliamentary committee while repeating that with three weeks to go, Dublin has still not received proposals from London to allow talks to move on. Before it can sign off on the first phase of talks, the Irish government wants Britain to spell out in writing how it intends to make good on its commitment that the 500-km (310 mile) border will remain as seamless post-Brexit as it is today. Dublin has said this can be best achieved if London commits, on behalf of Northern Ireland, that there would be no regulatory divergence north and south of the border. Coveney said that includes all areas from agriculture to state aid rules. Speaking to reporters in Paris, Ireland s European Affairs Minister Helen McEntee said Dublin would continue to resist the idea expressed by some British ministers that talks need to move onto the trade phase before the border issue can be resolved.  They are asking us to take a leap in the dark and we are not going to take a leap in the dark. We need something more concrete,  McEntee said. The border question is particularly sensitive given the decades of violence over whether Northern Ireland should be part of the UK or Ireland.  Some 3,600 people were killed before the 1998 peace agreement.  We have been very clear in terms of what we re asking for, that hasn t changed for months. What has changed, perhaps, is the expectation that Ireland, maybe when we came under a bit of pressure, that we might back off or accept that this would be deferred into phase two,  Coveney said.  Some people seem to be surprised that that s not happening, maybe they weren t listening when we told them the first time, or the second time or the tenth time but I think people are listening now.  ",1
14035,"Merkel ally calls Russia's new Syrian peace push ""height of cynicism""","BERLIN (Reuters) - A top member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on Thursday dismissed Russian President Vladimir Putin s push to host a new Syrian peace process with the backing of Iran and Turkey, calling it  the height of cynicism.  The leaders of Russia, Iran and Turkey on Wednesday called on the Syrian government and moderate opposition to  participate constructively  in the planned congress, to be held in the Black Sea resort of Sochi. Juergen Hardt, foreign policy speaker for Merkel s conservatives in parliament, said Russia had repeatedly blocked efforts by the U.N. Security Council to find a constructive solution to end the Syrian civil war, now in its seventh year.  It is the height of cynicism that, of all countries, Russia and Iran, which fuelled the civil war in Syria in their own interests, causing the deaths of thousands of people, now want to develop a political vision for Syria s future,  Hardt said. Hardt said Germany s conservatives hoped that the announcement of a ceasefire was serious, and would lead to a permanent halt in fighting in Syria and an end to mass death, flight and expulsion.  Russia, Iran and the dictatorial regime in Syria could have achieved this long ago if they had wanted to,  Hardt said, noting that a solution could not be achieved under conditions set by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Hardt said a lasting peace could only be achieved if all parties were involved, and that, in turn, was only possible under a peace process led by the United Nations. The German foreign ministry had no immediate comment on Putin s new initiative. ",1
14036,Islamic State beheads 15 of its own fighters: Afghan official,"JALALABAD, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Islamic State beheaded 15 of its own fighters due to infighting in Afghanistan s eastern province of Nangarhar, officials said, while a separate suicide attack on Thursday tore into a crowd in the provincial capital, Jalalabad, killing at least eight. The two incidents underline the insecurity and lawlessness across Afghanistan, where thousands of civilians have been killed or wounded this year amid unrelenting violence involving militant groups including Islamic State and the Taliban. In a bloody day for the province, a suicide bomber blew himself up, killing at least eight people at a meeting of supporters of a police commander who was sacked for illegal land grabbing. There was no claim of responsibility and no immediate indication of who was behind the attack on the crowd in Jalalabad, which had gathered to demand the reinstatement of the commander, who survived the attack. A spokesman for the Jalalabad hospital confirmed eight people had been killed and 15 wounded. Nangarhar, on the porous border with Pakistan, has become a stronghold for Islamic State, generally known as Daesh in Afghanistan, which has grown to become one of the country s most dangerous militant groups since it appeared around the start of 2015. Attaullah Khogyani, the provincial governor s spokesman, said the 15 Islamic State fighters were executed after a bout of infighting in the group, which has become notorious for its brutality. The killings occurred in the Surkh Ab bazaar of Achin district. Further details were not available and there was no confirmation from Islamic State, whose local branch is known as Islamic State in Khorasan, an old name for the area that includes modern Afghanistan. The Taliban and Islamic State have frequently fought each other in Nangarhar and both have been targeted by sustained U.S. air strikes. But the exact nature of the relationship between the two groups is little understood. There have been isolated incidents in Afghanistan in which the fighters of both appear to have cooperated. Afghan intelligence documents reviewed by Reuters this year showed security officials believe Islamic State is present in nine provinces, from Nangarhar and Kunar in the east to Jawzjan, Faryab and Badakhshan in the north and Ghor in the central west. ",1
14037,French conservatives' leader-in-waiting out to woo far-right voters,"PROVINS, France (Reuters) - France s main conservative party needs to go on the political offensive against President Emmanuel Macron by rediscovering a right-wing identity and increasing its appeal to National Front voters, its leader-in-waiting said. Laurent Wauquiez, known for his euroscepticism and hardline opinions on immigration and security, has crossed swords with many top officials in his The Republicans (LR) party. But his views and brash style have made the 42-year-old popular with the party s grass-roots and he is the clear leader in opinion polls to become LR s next head next month.  We won t bring people together by being tepid,  Wauquiez told Reuters in an interview after a party rally in Provins, south of Paris. Saying France s conservatives had for too long fallen into the trap of being too moderate, he added:  Emmanuel Macron isn t doing the job.  Whoever takes over as the head of LR, currently under an interim leadership, will face the task of uniting a divided party that is struggling to make its voice heard in parliament where, while being the biggest opposition group, it has its fewest number of seats in decades. LR was heavily favored to win this spring s presidential election until the party imploded over financial scandals that embroiled its candidate, Francois Fillon. It failed to make the election s second round, contested by centrist Macron and the far-right National Front s Marine Le Pen, and was further weakened when the new president chose several of its top officials for his cabinet, including Prime Minister Edouard Philippe. Addressing Wednesday s rally, Wauquiez delighted an audience of some 300 LR supporters with calls to stop giving free basic health care to illegal migrants and criticism of French politicians   naivety  over radical Islam. Asked about the fact that these are Le Pen favorite themes, Wauquiez, who was first elected lawmaker at 29, said:  So if Marine Le Pen says it s night-time I should say it s day-time?   Because the National Front (FN) talks about immigration I shouldn t? After the wave of attacks that have traumatized our country, the right shouldn t talk about Islamic fundamentalism?  That was the trap the French right had fallen in to for too long as well as German Chancellor Angela Merkel s  big mistake,  he said. Merkel s open-door policy on refugees was widely credited with causing her conservatives to bleed votes to the far-right  AfD party in a national election in September. France s conservatives, meanwhile, are split over how to oppose Macron, whose economic policies coincide with what many of them stand for.  Wauquiez s critics within LR say his policies may be too close to those of the FN and warn they could leave the party if he crosses that line once elected party chief.  Wauquiez, a graduate of France s elite schools and a former minister under ex-president Nicolas Sarkozy, says he is the voice of the  silent majority  and his critics have misunderstood him.  My plan is simple,  he said.  I want to reach out to those who have voted for the National Front but I would never strike any alliance with National Front officials.      Wauquiez s challenge will also be to convince LR voters who chose Macron for president   and who pollsters say are now still backing him over his economic policies   to return to the fold for the next election.  Yes, the right has been knocked down. Yes, there are tensions as we are rebuilding ourselves, and that s normal after such a stinging defeat.  Wauquiez said.  Calling the president s labor reforms a  sham . Wauquiez added:  There is another path than Emmanuel Macron s, that of a determined and unfazed right.  (This version of the story was refiled to add dropped word  voters  to headline) ",1
14038,Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa says against any form of 'vengeful retribution',"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s incoming president Emmerson Mnangagwa has called on  citizens to remain peaceful and desist from any form of  vengeful retribution , days after Robert Mugabe resigned from power. Mnangagwa s supporters were angered by his dismissal early this month, a move that triggered the military to intervene. Some of the supporters have been calling for unspecified action against the G40 group that backed Mugabe and his wife. ",1
14039,Venezuela's indigenous Warao decamp to uncertain future in Brazil,"PACARAIMA, Brazil (Reuters) - An indigenous tribe that journeyed hundreds of kilometers to flee the economic crisis in Venezuela has been trapped in limbo near the border in Brazil, after it was moved off the streets of the Amazon city of Manaus. Driven by hunger and illness from their traditional homeland on the Orinoco River delta in northeastern Venezuela, more than 1,200 members of the Warao tribe migrated to northern Brazil to live and beg on the streets. Brazilian authorities, nongovernmental organizations and churches have helped provide temporary shelter on the border, but the Warao s future remains uncertain. The tribe insists it will not return to Venezuela, where a deep recession has led to shortages of basic goods under President Nicolas Maduro s socialist government.   The children were dying in Venezuela from illness. There was no medicine, no food, no help,  said Rita Nieves, a cacique, or chief, of the matrilineal Warao. Members of the tribe are still making the arduous journey. Nieves was wearing her best clothes to cross back into Venezuela to bury a 3-month-old Warao baby that had just died in its mother s arms on the 1,000-km (620-mile) bus ride to Brazil.   We are staying here because things have not changed in Venezuela,  she said, sitting in a warehouse turned into a living space for 220 Warao in the small border town of Pacaraima. Children played among dozens of hammocks hanging from metal structures erected by U.N. refugee agency UNHCR. Outside, women cooked broth on wood fires and men sat listening to their shaman talk about the virtues of the moriche palm used to weave baskets and hammocks, as he puffed on a straw cigar. The Warao have lived for centuries on the Orinoco delta, but some began to leave when fish supplies were depleted by the diversion of the waters to deepen shipping lanes for Venezuelan iron ore and bauxite exports. Many went to Venezuelan cities to sell craftwork and beg on the streets. However, when the economy tipped into crisis, they began moving to Brazil last year, often just walking across the border without documents.  They were already begging in Venezuela, but those who gave them money are themselves asking for help today,  said Sister Clara, a missionary from Brazil-based humanitarian organization Fraternidade that runs two shelters for the Warao.  Who in today s crisis in Venezuela is going to buy Warao arts and crafts?  she said. Around 500 Warao arrived on the streets of Manaus last year, where they begged from drivers and sold craftwork at traffic lights. Many slept under a highway overpass until city authorities stopped the begging and moved them into shelters they did not like. Some then traveled down the Amazon to Santarem and Belem, while others returned to frontier towns, from which they can go back and forth to their delta homeland when they raise enough money.  They started staying here, sleeping in the streets, and caused a humanitarian emergency,  said Pacaraima social services secretary Isabel Davila. The town provided an abandoned warehouse with toilets, showers and a kitchen, built with funding from the Mormon church.  Like a similar shelter in the nearby city of Boa Vista that houses 500 Warao, these are temporary landing places, where the Warao can live while they get documents to legalize their status so they can find work, Davila said. But Chief Rita has no plans to move. Pacaraima s mayor promised land to grow crops and materials to make Warao craft work, she said, and she wants the Warao children to learn Portuguese. Half of the land in Roraima state is reserved for indigenous peoples, but an attempt to ask local communities to cede territory to the Warao met with a firm rebuttal.  We think they might be here for a decade,  said Danusa Sabala, a spokeswoman for Brazil s Indian affairs office FUNAI, which sees no short-term solution for the Warao. Ramon Gomez, a Warao chief in the Boa Vista shelter, said their ancestral homeland in the delta was  finished  and the situation in Venezuela was deteriorating rapidly.   When ... this President Maduro took over, everything ended, food, medicine,  G mez said.  We will be here until Venezuela changes. It will get worse before it gets better.  ",1
14040,"Forty human traffickers arrested, 500 people rescued in West Africa","PARIS (Reuters) - Forty people were arrested and 500 people rescued after a swoop on human trafficking across West Africa, international police organization Interpol said on Thursday. The Interpol-led action comes amid a global outcry sparked by footage of Africans being solved as slaves in Libya, often the final transit for migrants wanting to reach Europe. In a statement, Interpol said that some 500 people, including 236 minors, had been rescued in simultaneous operations across Chad, Mali, Mauritania, Niger and Senegal. Forty suspected traffickers were arrested.  The results of this operation underline the challenge faced by law enforcement and all stakeholders in addressing human trafficking in the Sahel region,  said the operation s coordinator Innocentia Apovo.  The 40 arrested face prosecution for offences including human trafficking, forced labor and child exploitation.   They are accused of forcing victims to engage in activities ranging from begging to prostitution, with little to no regard for working conditions or human life,  the statement said. ",1
14041,Iraq launches operation to clear desert near Syria of Islamic State,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces launched an operation on Thursday to clear the desert bordering Syria of Islamic State in a final push to rid Iraq of the militant group, the military said. Troops from the Iraqi army and mainly Shi ite paramilitaries known as Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF) were taking part in the campaign against militants hiding in a large strip of border land, Iraqi military officials said.  The objective behind the operation is to prevent remaining Daesh groups from melting into the desert region and using it as a base for future attacks,  said army colonel Salah Kareem, referring to Islamic State by an Arabic acronym. Islamic State fighters who ruled over millions of people in both Iraq and Syria since proclaiming their  caliphate  in 2014, have been largely defeated in both countries this year, pushed out of all population centers to empty desert near the border. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Tuesday  Islamic State had been defeated from a military perspective, but he would declare final victory only after the militants were routed in the desert. [nL8N1NR57C] In the latest operation, Iraqi forces had  purified  77 villages and exerted control over a bridge and an airport, operations commander Lieutenant General Abdul Ameer Rasheed Yarallah said in a statement. Over 5,800 squared kilometers had been  purified,  he added. On Friday Iraqi forces captured the border town of Rawa, the last remaining town under Islamic State control. Iraqi army commanders say the military campaign will continue until all the frontier with Syria is secured to prevent Islamic State from launching cross border attacks.  We will completely secure the desert from all terrorist groups of Daesh and declare Iraq clean of those germs,  said army Brigadier General Shakir Kadhim. Army officials said troops advancing through sprawling desert towards the Syria border are facing landmines and roadside bombs placed by retreating militants.  We need to clean scattered villages from terrorists to make sure they no longer operate in the desert area with Syria,  said army Lieutenant-Colonel Ahmed Fairs.  Iraqi military helicopters provided cover for the advancing troops and destroyed at least three vehicles used by militants as they were trying to flee a village in the western desert, said the army officer. Islamic State s self-declared caliphate has swiftly collapsed since July, when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces captured Mosul, the group s de facto capital in Iraq, after a grueling battle that had lasted nine months. Driven also from its other main bastion in Syria s Raqqa, Islamic State has since been gradually squeezed into an ever-shrinking pocket of desert straddling the Syria-Iraq frontier, pursued by a range of enemies that include most regional states and global powers. The group s leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, is believed to be hiding in the stretch of desert which runs along the border of both countries. ",1
14042,"Cambodia's Hun Sen will fall like Mugabe, says opponent Rainsy","PARIS (Reuters) - Cambodia s Prime Minister Hun Sen will be driven from power like President Mugabe in Zimbabwe, veteran opposition chief Sam Rainsy told Reuters on Thursday, adding that Western states should impose targeted sanctions after his party was dissolved. The opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) was banned at the government s request last week, deepening Hun Sen s fight with Western donors who accuse him of demolishing democracy in the country he has ruled for over 32 years. Rainsy resigned in February from the party, saying he feared it would be banned if he did not. Defamation convictions that he calls politically motivated drove him to flee Cambodia for France in 2015.  Cambodia is at a tipping point. The people are fed up with Hun Sen and what is happening in Zimbabwe is inspiring,  Rainsy told Reuters in an interview.   Mugabe has fallen and it will soon be the turn of Hun Sen, who has become unacceptably anachronistic.  Mugabe, who had led Zimbabwe from independence in 1980, stepped down on Tuesday after the army seized power and the ruling party turned against him.  Hun Sen s government called for the CNRP ban after arresting its leader Kem Sokha on Sept. 3. It charged him with treason for an alleged plot to take over the Southeast Asian country with the help of the United States. His opponents say the charges were intended to eliminate Kem Sokha from next year s election so the strongman, who is currently the world s longest serving prime minister, can extend his rule. Rainsy, who announced his return to politics on Nov. 15, described the party ban as  just on paper . He said the opposition needed to demonstrate that it continued to garner  strong support  after winning some 3 million votes in the 2013 elections, and push Cambodia s main western donors to shy away from the Phnom Penh government.  What is important is to show Hun Sen that what he did was unacceptable. The world is not going to do business as usual with this government ... and needs to tell him it would never recognize a government that came out of these elections,  he said. According to a recording leaked online on Thursday, Hun Sen has warned his party it could still lose the vote even after the CNRP was banned, and he demanded that it improve its image. Western countries have condemned the government s crackdown on the opposition, civil rights groups and independent media and have called for the release of Kem Sokha to allow credible elections. Washington has said it is cutting planned aid for holding elections and will take further steps. France, which ruled the country for almost a century before its 1953 independence, on Thursday said the government needed to abide by a democratic process.   Hun Sen, a former commander in the ultra-leftist Khmer Rouge led by Pol Pot which is blamed for the deaths of around two million people in the 1970s, has brushed off Western criticism, and warned that trade sanctions will hurt the people first. Rainsy said the U.S. and European Union should initially withdraw all assistance for the elections and impose targeted sanctions ranging from visa bans to asset freezes. He stopped short of calling for economic sanctions, saying that this could be used further down the line.  We need personal sanctions that target individuals so that it won t hurt the people, but (hurt) the leaders who have hidden their ill-amassed fortunes abroad. They react when their personal interests are hurt,  he said. When asked about Hun Sen increasingly turning to China, Cambodia s biggest donor, Rainsy said he believed the relationship would eventually unravel.   China looks beyond Hun Sen. No government is stupid enough to continue to bet on him. What is happening in Cambodia now is reminiscent of the Khmer Rouge era. Pol Pot was isolated from the world and relied on China, but ... when it didn t need him it threw him out.    ",1
14043,"Aid agencies say Yemen blockade remains, Egeland calls it 'collective punishment'","GENEVA (Reuters) - The Saudi-led coalition s blockade of Yemen, which has cut off food imports to a population where 7 million people are on the brink of famine, is  illegal collective punishment  of civilians, a prominent aid official said on Thursday. Major agencies said aid was still blocked a day after the Saudi-led military coalition said it would let humanitarian supplies in. The U.S.-backed coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen said on Wednesday it would allow aid in through the port of Hodeidah, as well as U.N. flights to the capital Sanaa, more than two weeks after blockading the country.  We have not yet had any movement as of now,  said Jens Laerke, spokesman of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Assistance. Jan Egeland, a former U.N. aid chief who now heads the Norwegian Refugee Council, said of the blockade:  In my view this is illegal collective punishment.   Egeland, whose group helps 1 million Yemenis, welcomed the coalition announcement as a  step in the right direction , but added:  We only have it in writing now and haven t seen it happen.  The coalition closed air, land and sea access on Nov. 6 to stop the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. The action came after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired toward Riyadh. Iran has denied supplying weapons.  Sending a missile in the direction of Riyadh is really very bad. But those who are suffering from the blockade had nothing to do with this missile,  Egeland told Reuters while in Geneva.   Even if both the flights and humanitarian shipments will go through now, it is not solving the underlying crisis that a country that needs 90 percent of its goods imported is not getting in commercial food or fuel.  Houthi authorities who control the capital Sanaa were also imposing restrictions on access for aid workers, he said. The United Nations says some 7 million Yemenis are on the brink of famine and 945,000 have been infected since April with cholera. More than 2,200 people have died. U.N. officials have submitted requests to the coalition for deliveries via Hodeidah and Sanaa, and the  hope and expectation  was that the vital aid pipelines would re-open on Friday, the U.N. s Laerke said. The International Committee of the Red Cross said it was vital to get commercial traffic resumed.  Yemenis will need more than aid in order to survive the crisis and ward off famine,  spokeswoman Iolanda Jaquemet said. ",1
14044,Russian bombers hit Islamic State targets in Syria: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s defense ministry said on Thursday long-range bombers had carried out air strikes on Islamic State targets in Syria s Deir al-Zor province, the RIA news agency reported.  ",1
14045,Who burned the cakes? Belgian waffle fire chokes Brussels,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The sweet smell of waffles is familiar in Belgium but on Thursday people were left choking as a fire at a waffle factory sent a dense black cloud across Brussels, disrupting some rail traffic in the capital. Police said the blaze at the Milcamps factory, which produces the national sweet treat in various regional variants, broke out at lunchtime. It was not immediately clear what started it or whether anyone was hurt.  A lot of smoke has been emitted and we are advising people to keep doors and windows shut and to stay inside. Drivers should close air vents in their cars,  local police said. A sharp smell of burned waffle caused coughing in the city center, 6 km (4 miles), from the blaze. Belgian waffles, traditionally sold from mobile vendors and street kiosks, have become popular around the world. They are batter cooked between hotplates patterned according to various regional traditions and dusted with icing sugar.  Their history dates back to the wafers baked for Mass in the medieval monasteries of the Low Countries.    ",1
14046,Egypt housing minister to head government while premier receives treatment abroad: Ahram,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt has appointed Housing Minister Mustafa Madbuly to serve as interim prime minister while Prime Minister Sherif Ismail receives medical treatment abroad, state newspaper Al-Ahram reported on Thursday. The cabinet said on Wednesday that Ismail would travel to Germany on Thursday for surgery and is expected to remain there for three weeks, though it did not specify the condition he would be treated for. ",1
14047,Event 'consistent with an explosion' detected near missing Argentine sub-navy,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - An abnormal sound detected in the South Atlantic ocean around the time that an Argentine navy submarine sent its last signal last week was  consistent with an explosion,  a navy spokesman said on Thursday.  Spokesman Enrique Balbi described the blast in the morning of Nov. 15 as  abnormal, singular, short, violent  and  non-nuclear.  A huge sea and air hunt is being conducted for the ARA San Juan, which went missing with 44 crew on board. ",1
14048,"Russia says Google down-ranking Sputnik, RT would be censorship","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s foreign ministry said on Thursday that moves by Alphabet Inc s (GOOGL.O) Google to place articles from Russian news outlets Sputnik and Russia Today lower in search results would amount to censorship. Alphabet Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt, speaking on stage at an international forum last Saturday, responded to a question about Sputnik articles appearing on Google by saying the company was working to give less prominence to  those kinds of websites  as opposed to delisting them.  Speaking at a news briefing, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Thursday Google was acting under strong political pressure from the U.S. authorities. ",1
14049,Iraqi militia indicates will hand heavy guns to army after Islamic State quashed,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A prominent Iraqi militia indicated on Thursday it would give any heavy weapons it had to the military once Islamic State was defeated and rejected a proposed U.S. congressional bill designating it a terrorist group. Harakat Hezbollah al Nujaba, which has about 10,000 fighters, is one of the most important militias in Iraq. Though made up of Iraqis, it is loyal to Iran and is helping Tehran create a supply route through Iraq to Damascus. The Nujaba fights under the umbrella of the Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF), a mostly Iranian-backed coalition of Shi ite militias that played a role in combating Islamic State. Disarming the PMF is seen as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi s most difficult test as Iraqi forces edge closer to declaring victory over the Sunni militants.  The heavy weapons belong to the Iraqi government, not us. We are not rebels or agents of chaos and we do not want to be a state within a state,  Hashim al-Mouasawi, the group s spokesman, said at a news conference on Thursday. He was responding to a Reuters question on whether his group would obey orders by Abadi, who as prime minister commands the military, to return heavy weaponry, reduce the number of fighters, or withdraw from Syria. He would not be drawn on the reduction of fighters or Syria.  The PMF is under the command of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces and naturally when the war is over and victory is declared, the final decision will be his,  Mouasawi said. His comments broadly echoed those of Iraqi military spokesman Brigadier General Yahya Rasool.  The tanks, armored vehicles, and machine guns belong to the army and it is natural that after the battles are over they return to the army,  Rasool told Reuters in an interview. Nujaba strongly objected to moves by Washington towards designating it a terrorist group. Nujaba blames the United States, without providing evidence, for the creation of IS. Republican U.S. Representative Ted Poe introduced a bill this month to the House of Representatives that would place Nujaba and another militia loyal to Iran on a list of terrorist groups and give President Donald Trump 90 days to impose sanctions on it once it passed.  The bill was referred to the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, sparking condemnation in Baghdad from Iraqi lawmakers and Abadi himself, who said he would not allow anyone who fought Islamic State to be treated as criminals.  Accusing us of terrorism is not new or surprising. It is not a coincidence, and does not shock us, because we have never been part of the American bloc or project,  said Mouasawi. Iraq is backed by adversaries the United States and Iran in its fight against Islamic State. The United States is concerned that Iran, a Shi ite Muslim regional power, will take advantage of gains against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria to expand the influence it amassed after the U.S. invasion in 2003, something Sunni Arab rivals such as Saudi Arabia also oppose. Tens of thousands of Iraqis heeded a call to arms in 2014 after Islamic State seized a third of the country s territory, forming the PMF, which receive funding and training from Tehran and have been declared part of the Iraqi security apparatus. They are paid by the Iraqi government and officially report to the prime minister, but some Arab Sunni and Kurdish politicians describe these militias as a de facto branch of the Iran s Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corp (IRGC). Mouasawi openly said on Thursday his group receives support in the form of  advice  from the Guards and the commander of its foreign operations, Major-General Qassem Soleimani, and Lebanese Shi ite political and military group Hezbollah. ",1
14050,Italy's 5-Star tells France's Macron movement is no threat to EU,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s anti-establishment 5-Star Movement told French President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday that it does not represent a threat to the European Union, and sought to shrug off the label  populist . Leader Luigi Di Maio, whose party tops polls ahead of a national election due early next year, wrote an open letter to Macron after the French leader reportedly expressed concern about anti-system forces in Italy.  I am sure that when we get to know each other better, you will realize that our movement is not only not a threat, but is cultivating the best solutions for many of Europe s problems,  Di Maio said in the letter published on the 5-Star movement s blog.   Italian media reported this week that Macron had told former Italian prime minister Matteo Renzi he was worried about the rise of 5-Star and the Northern League, which is close to France s National Front.  Allied to Britain s United Kingdom Independence Party in the European Parliament, 5-Star is trying to distance itself from anti-immigrant, Eurosceptic parties in the rest of the bloc. Di Maio, a sober 31 year-old who has taken over leadership of the movement founded by comedian Beppe Grillo, said 5-Star shared with Macron the desire to  rebuild  Europe.  They lazily call us populist without knowing what this means, when in reality we are ... close to the people, who want pay-back and a role in changing our country,  he said.  Di Maio made no mention of a referendum on Italy s use of the euro which 5-Star originally pledged when it burst onto the political scene in 2013, but has since backed away from. Regarding EU budget rules, Di Maio said that 5-Star s point of view was  very close  to that of France, which he said had let its budget deficit rise to accommodate spending on welfare and other investments. In January, 5-Star s European parliamentarians tried and failed to split from UKIP, which successfully campaigned for Britain to leave the EU. 5-Star eventually gave up a leading role in the group. ",1
14051,Papua New Guinea police order protesting asylum seekers out of Australian-run camp,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - About fifty asylum seekers departed an Australian-run detention camp in Papua New Guinea on Thursday after police moved into the complex, confiscating food, water and personal belongings from the roughly 310 who remained.  The Manus Island center was sealed off after a three-week standoff the United Nations has called a  looming humanitarian crisis  as detainees defied attempts by Australia and Papua New Guinea (PNG) to close it.  Right now we have no water,  one of the asylum-seekers in the camp said in a mobile telephone message.  I came back to my room and they took my laptop and money and cigarettes.      Video images shot and posted on social media site Facebook by Sudanese refugee Abdul Aziz showed police using a megaphone to tell asylum seekers to leave because their stay at the camp, located on land used by the PNG navy, was illegal. Men boarded buses in footage he posted later on social network Twitter. The buses took the men to alternative accommodation, three sources said.  In Geneva, the U.N. refugee agency UNHCR said it had received reports of force being used to remove the refugees and asylum seekers and called for calm.  We urge both governments to engage in constructive dialogue, to de-escalate the tensions and work on urgent lasting solutions to their plight,  the U.N. High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) said in a statement noting it lacked full access to the shuttered facility.  A police blockade of the camp was still in place, Tim Costello, chief advocate of aid group World Vision Australia, said by telephone from outside, adding that he had seen buses leave and that the accommodation he had visited was unfinished. PNG immigration and police officials did not return telephone calls from Reuters to seek comment. The camp in PNG, and another on the tiny Pacific island nation of Nauru, have been the cornerstones of Australia s controversial immigration policy, which has been strongly criticized by the United Nations and rights groups. Australia opened the camps in a bid to stem a flow of asylum seekers making dangerous voyages by boat to its shores. Under its  sovereign borders  immigration policy, Australia refuses to land asylum seekers arriving by sea, and sends them to the offshore camps instead. At the camp, witnesses said officials in army fatigues led away Kurdish journalist Behrouz Boochani, a resident for four years who posts regular social media messages on conditions there. Boochani later posted that he had been released after being handcuffed for several hours and had left the camp.   My understanding is that a number of people, a small number of people, have been arrested, including the individual,  Australia s Minister for Immigration and Border Protection Peter Dutton told SKY News, referring to Boochani.     Pictures sent via a messaging service showed upturned boxes of food and torn packets of rice and instant noodles and smashed furniture, including broken beds. Last year PNG s Supreme Court ruled that the center, first opened in 2001, breached its laws and fundamental human rights, leading to the decision to close it.       But the asylum seekers say they fear for their safety if moved to a transit center on the island, and risk being resettled in PNG or another developing nation permanently.  We don t want another prison. We want to leave this place, but they need to give a good solution for us,  the first asylum-seeker said.  We don t want another prison. We want a third country.  Most of those in the camp are from Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Syria. The transit centers had food, water, security and medical services, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said.  They think this is some way they can pressure the Australian government to let them come to Australia,  Turnbull told reporters in the capital, Canberra.  Well, we will not be pressured.  ",1
14052,"Waiting for May, Brussels eyes December Brexit deal","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - When Theresa May visits Brussels on Friday, EU negotiators will be listening intently for signs the British prime minister is preparing to risk a domestic backlash and raise her offer to secure a Brexit deal in December. European Union officials and diplomats from the other 27 member states involved in the process hope that within a week to 10 days of meeting European Council President Donald Tusk, during a summit with ex-Soviet neighbors, May will deliver movement on three key conditions so that her EU peers can launch a new phase of Brexit negotiations when they meet on Dec. 14-15.  I don t know what room for maneuver May has, but what we can see is a willingness to act,  one senior EU official told Reuters. Another spoke of efforts to arrange the  choreography  of a deal over the next three weeks, including an EU-UK  joint report  pinning down interim accords to unlock talks on trade.  I feel the tectonic plates moving now,  a diplomat handling Brexit for an EU government said.  Time is running out and a failure in the December Council would serve nobody s purpose.  There has been only a day of top-level talks between the two lead negotiators since a mid-October summit that dismissed May s call for immediate talks on a future trade agreement.  But talks are continuing apace behind the scenes, ahead of a deadline of early December to strike a deal which can then be formalized by the 27 government leaders at the summit.  Everyone is talking to everyone already, at all levels,  the European Commission s chief spokesman Margaritis Schinas told reporters on Thursday when he confirmed that May would meet Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier in Brussels on Monday, Dec. 4. That is two days before envoys from the 27 meet on Dec. 6 to discuss a first draft of the Dec. 14-15 summit conclusions, including, crucially, whether the leaders should accept Britain has made  sufficient progress  to merit opening trade talks.  Hopes in Brussels have been raised by reports in British media that May has secured backing from pro-Brexit hardliners in her cabinet to increase the amount of a financial settlement of what Britain owes to the Union when it leaves in March 2019.   If there is a political willingness in Britain, we should be ready,  a senior EU official said, while warning that nothing was being taken for granted.  May s room for maneuver to cut a deal that would please business while irritating Britons who want a sharper break with Brussels is limited. And Germany and France, the Union s lead powers, have taken a tough line so far. With German Chancellor Angela Merkel distracted at home by a search for a new coalition, May can expect little focus from her to help smooth a deal, several diplomats said.  Some in Britain have suggested May could take advantage of Merkel s weakness at home to drive a harder bargain. But EU diplomats argue that Merkel s troubles make it harder for her, and so for the 27, to water down their existing demands. So any brinkmanship around the summit could mean no deal in December.  That would create some kind of crisis in negotiations,  the second EU official said, noting that time was already short to complete a treaty by late next year to ensure an orderly Brexit.  But maybe that is necessary.  The sides already believe they are quite close on agreeing the scope of rights for expatriate citizens in Britain and on the continent, though the EU will be particularly looking to pin Britain down to accepting its demands that any agreement be subject to enforcement through the Union s legal system. The third key criterion for moving to Phase Two, an outline agreement on how to avoid the new EU-UK land border disrupting the peace in Northern Ireland, remains a potential stumbling block. Differences of opinion between London and Dublin have been marked this month, worrying EU officials. However, it is the financial settlement that has been the most concerning for the past few months. Officials believe that  could be resolved by a combination of May stating clearly that Britain will pay a share after leaving of two major EU budget lines, staff pensions and agreed but undisbursed spending. British press reports, seen in Brussels as planted leaks from May, suggesting she might offer to pay something like 40 billion pounds ($53 billion) have encouraged EU negotiators.  While that is well short of the 60 billion euros ($71 billion) the European Commission has mentioned, that was always seen by EU officials as a maximum demand. And they are willing, they say, to help May massage the public messaging of the amount in order to limit the political flak she takes at home.  On presentational issues, Barnier is ready to help, not to call things by their real name,  an EU official said. ",1
14053,U.N. urges Australia to protect refugees at Papua New Guinea camp,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations refugee agency called for calm on Thursday after receiving reports of force being used to remove refugees and asylum-seekers from a center closed three weeks ago on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea. About fifty asylum seekers departed an Australian-run detention camp in Papua New Guinea on Thursday after police moved into the complex, confiscating food, water and personal belongings from the roughly 310 who remained. [nL8N1NS6KK]  We urge both governments to engage in constructive dialogue, to de-escalate the tensions and work on urgent lasting solutions to their plight,  the U.N. High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) said in a statement. It could not confirm that force had been used as it had not been granted full access to the shuttered facility. ",1
14054,"Saudi aims to issue tourist visas next year, official says","DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia aims to start issuing tourist visas to foreigners next year, a senior Saudi official told CNN, as the government seeks to open up the conservative kingdom and find new sources of revenue to diversify its economy.   At present, foreigners traveling to Saudi Arabia are largely restricted to resident workers and their dependents, business travelers, and Muslim pilgrims who are given special visas to travel to holy sites.    The targets are people who want to come and literally experience this country, and really the grandness of this country,  Prince Sultan bin Salman bin Abdulaziz, head of the Saudi Commission for Tourism and Natural Heritage, said in an interview broadcast late on Wednesday.   Asked about plans for the visas, he replied:  Hopefully in 2018,  adding that the government would use online technology to make applying for visas easy. Saudi Arabia s 32-year-old heir to the throne, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, is seeking to develop new industries to wean his country off its dependency on oil exports. He has also taken some steps to loosen its ultra-strict social restrictions, scaling back the role of religious morality police and announcing plans to allowing women to drive next year. Plans to admit significant numbers of tourists from abroad have been discussed for years, only to be blocked by conservative opinion and bureaucracy; the commission announced such a plan as long ago as 2006, but it did not go ahead. This time, the government appears determined to push through the change, partly because of financial pressures. It hopes to earn billions of dollars to cover a state budget deficit caused by low oil prices.  Economic reforms aim to lift total tourism spending in the country - by local citizens as well as foreigners - to $46.6 billion in 2020 from $27.9 billion in 2015. Prince Sultan said his commission was focusing mainly on increasing numbers of local tourists. The commission has estimated Saudis spend more than $20 billion annually on tourism abroad, and persuading more of them to holiday inside the country would reduce that drain on the economy. But Prince Sultan told CNN that his commission was also working to prepare tourist spots for foreigners. The government announced plans in August to develop resorts on about 50 islands off the Red Sea coast, with the first phase of the project to be completed in 2022. The kingdom also intends to offer visits to historic sites such as Mada in Saleh, a 2,000-year-old Nabatean city carved into the rocks of the northern desert. Heir to the throne Prince Mohammed would be the first ruler from a new generation since 1953, after six kings who were all sons of state founder Abdulaziz ibn Saud. He has announced wide plans for social and political reforms to the kingdom, which is ruled as an absolute monarchy with a powerful clergy that adheres to Wahhabism, an ultra-austere version of Sunni Islam. ",1
14055,Fighting between rebel and army kills 27 in South Sudan,"Juba (Reuters) - Twenty-seven people were killed when rebels attacked government forces in South Sudan, a local government official said on Thursday.  Three government soldiers and 24 fighters loyal to rebel leader Riek Machar were killed in the fighting in Southern Liech state on Wednesday, Peter Makouth Malual, the region s information minister,  told Reuters.  Rebel spokesman Lam Paul Gabriel did not have a death toll for the fighting. He told Reuters he was trying to reach commanders on the ground.  As expected, the onset of the dry season has led to fresh fighting between the army and rebels.  Diplomats and analysts told Reuters earlier this month it was unlikely peace talks would resume to end a war that has already killed tens of thousands and created Africa s largest refugee crisis [L3N1NG5D4]. Crude oil output has been slashed by two-thirds to around 130,000 barrels per day by the violence.  South Sudan gained independence from Sudan in 2011 after protracted bloodshed, then fell into civil war in late 2013, with troops loyal to President Salva Kiir fighting those backing Machar, a former vice president Kiir had sacked. ",1
14056,"May to meet EU's Juncker, Barnier December 4, EU confirms","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will meet European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and his chief Brexit negotiator in Brussels on Monday, Dec. 4, the EU executive confirmed on Thursday. EU officials hope that May will make new offers to unblock negotiations on a treaty on Britain s 2019 withdrawal from the Union. They say any British move needs to come by around Dec. 4 if leaders meeting at a Dec. 14-15 are to be able to endorse a move to a new phase of talks, to include future trade relations.  On Friday, May will meet European Council President Donald Tusk in Brussels as part of what EU officials describe as a bid to agree the  choreography  of a deal in December. Confirming the Juncker-May meeting, the Commission s chief spokesman told reporters they would discuss Brexit but declined to comment further on the state of negotiations.  Everyone is talking to everyone, already, at all levels,  he said. No comment was immediately available from May s office. Envoys from the 27 other member states agreed on Wednesday to delay by a week until Wednesday, Dec. 6, a meeting to prepare the drafts of the summit conclusions, diplomats said. Those conclusions will determine whether leaders agree that Britain has made  sufficient progress  toward agreeing divorce terms for the summit to approve new talks on a post-Brexit relationship. ",1
14057,"U.S. ally seen clinching re-election in Honduras vote, eight years after coup","TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Eight years after a coup sparked by a previous president s flirtation with a second term, voters in the poor Central American country of Honduras look poised on Sunday to re-elect their U.S.-friendly leader whose assault on gangs has slowed killings.  Juan Orlando Hernandez of the center-right National Party took office in 2014 vowing a militarized crackdown on endemic gang violence in one of the world s most violent countries. That effort has brought down the murder rate. The economy has also grown during his tenure. His victory would be cheered in Washington, according to two U.S. State Department officials, who noted the United States had few steadfast allies among Central America s current crop of leaders with whom it can reliably work to fight poverty, migration and gang violence. Honduras has long had close ties with the United States, which viewed the country as an ideological and military partner during the leftist guerrilla insurgencies that roiled the region throughout the Cold War era.  The U.S.-educated Hernandez has a close working relationship with U.S. President Donald Trump s chief of staff, John Kelly.  In 2009, the United States wrestled with how to respond to the removal of President Manuel Zelaya after he proposed a referendum on re-election. Nonetheless, U.S. officials now say they are not yet concerned that Hernandez is consolidating power, but want to see the passage of stalled legislation to impose a cap on presidential terms.   Open-ended re-election is not good for democracy,  said one U.S. diplomat.  We would very much like to see some sort of law that would regulate election.   Hernandez was among lawmakers who supported the ouster of Zelaya. But following a 2015 Supreme Court decision that overturned a constitutional ban on re-election, Hernandez, 49, looks likely to win a second four-year term. Opinion polls have shown him with a double-digit lead over television host Salvador Nasralla, who heads a left-right alliance of Honduran opposition groups called the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship. The opposition argues Hernandez s presidential bid is illegal, and has refused to discuss term-limit legislation while coalescing to try to prevent him from clinching victory. Hernandez has won favor with the United States, working closely on U.S.-bound migration with Kelly when that official was head of U.S. Southern Command and the Department of Homeland Security. He has also led a purge of the police force and made it easier to extradite drug bosses. The United States has few ideological allies in the region. Two leftist former guerilla leaders govern El Salvador and Nicaragua, while Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales has sought to banish a U.S.-backed anti-corruption body probing his family.   There does seem to be more of a kinship in terms of how he sees governance,  one of the U.S. officials in Central America said of Hernandez. The president says he would keep soldiers on the streets to help the widely mistrusted police. He has also promised to lure foreign investment in textiles, call centers and auto manufacturing, creating 600,000 jobs and lifting growth to above 6 percent with infrastructure projects.    Hondurans applaud how Hernandez has lowered the murder rate to a projected 46 per 100,000 by the end of 2017 from 79 per 100,000 in 2013, while raising growth and lowering the deficit.  But he has not been immune to scandal.  The son of his political mentor, former President Porfirio Lobo, was recently sentenced to 24 years in prison for conspiring to import cocaine into the United States. During the trial, there were allegations that drug money was funneled to Hernandez s campaign, a charge his office denied. In 2015, Hernandez admitted his 2013 campaign took money from companies linked to one of the worst corruption scandals in the country s history, but said he and his National Party were unaware of where the money came from. Manuel Orozco, a senior fellow at the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue, said that despite the president s flaws, the United States had decided it could still do business with Hernandez, its  most important ally  in Central America.  Of all the people in that country, they realize they re best off sticking with him,  he said.  ",1
14058,Germany's CSU denies report Seehofer to quit as Bavaria premier,"MUNICH (Reuters) - A spokesman for Bavaria s Christian Social Union (CSU) denied a German media report on Thursday that Horst Seehofer is to stand down as state premier and hand over to rival Markus Soeder, but stay on as head of the Christian Social Union (CSU). Broadcaster Bayerische Rundfunk, citing no sources, had reported the move. A shakeup has been widely expected as senior CSU members meet on Thursday. But a spokesman for the CSU said the media report was  absolutely wrong . Any changes, which would come as Germany struggles to find a way out of a political crisis caused by the collapse of coalition talks on Sunday night, could end a longstanding power struggle within the CSU, sister party to Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU).  ",1
14059,Cambodia's Hun Sen warns his party it could still lose election,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen has warned his party it could still lose next year s election even after the banning of the opposition and demanded that it improve its image, according to a recording leaked online on Thursday. Hun Sen s Cambodian People s Party (CPP) played down the importance of the message, in which Hun Sen tells senior officials they must stop corruption, extortion and other illegal practices and start making people happy. The opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) was banned at the government s request last week, deepening Hun Sen s fight with Western donors who accuse him of demolishing democracy in the country he has ruled for over 32 years.  It doesn t mean that now the opposition is dissolved we can be careless,  Hun Sen says in the 12-minute recording of a message to party officials, warning that his opponents could start a new party and should not be underestimated.  If we get bad results and lose it would be twice as bad after we already dissolved the opposition party... People can also dissolve us through an election.  He said the international community could try to  revive their puppets  and channel funding to Cambodia despite a five-year political ban on 118 CNRP politicians. The CNRP was banned after its leader, Kem Sokha, was arrested for allegedly plotting treason with American help. He has rejected the accusations as a ploy to let Hun Sen win next year s election. In his message, Hun Sen called on party officials to stop corruption, extortion, illegal logging and other irregularities that had pushed Cambodians to vote for the opposition.  Votes were cast because of anger due to our mistakes in the past and that cannot happen again,  Hun Sen said in the recording. CPP spokesman Sok Eysan said the message had not been secret. He did not say when the recording had been made.  There is nothing to hide,  he said.  He was doing his work as the party leader and the prime minister.  The 55 parliamentary seats that the CNRP won in the last election in 2013 were allocated to smaller parties on Thursday by the National Election Committee. The biggest winner was the royalist Funcinpec party of Prince Norodom Ranariddh, who was once Hun Sen s main rival but is now aligned with the prime minister. Funcinpec will get 41 seats in parliament - a third of all the seats - despite winning less than 4 percent of the vote in 2013. The ruling party did not get any more seats, but already had a majority with 68 seats.  The will of the people has been violated,  said Mu Sochua, a deputy to Kem Sokha who fled abroad in fear of arrest.  The National Assembly of the Kingdom of Cambodia has lost its legitimacy.  ",1
14060,Chad rejects U.S. bribery allegations against president,"N DJAMENA (Reuters) - Chad has rejected allegations made in the United States that its President Idriss Deby was paid a $2 million bribe in exchange for providing a Chinese energy company with oil rights without international competition. The United States announced charges on Monday against former Hong Kong Home Secretary Chi Ping Patrick Ho and former Senegalese Foreign Minister Cheikh Gadio for allegedly funnelling bribes to high-level officials in Chad and Uganda.  The government is indignant and questions this fierce attack against our head of state,  Chad s government said in a statement late on Wednesday, adding that Deby had always sought transparency in the country s natural resources sectors.  The U.S. Justice Department said Gadio had received $400,000 from Ho via wire transfers through New York to act as a go-between for bribes to Deby on behalf of an unnamed energy firm headquartered in Shanghai. Neither Ho nor Gadio, who were both arrested last week, have commented publicly on the allegations against them.   Landlocked Chad pumps about 130,000 barrels of oil per day. It ranks third-from-bottom on the U.N. Human Development Index and 159th out of 176 countries on Transparency International s Corruption Perceptions Index.     ",1
14061,Britain says Zimbabwe's new rulers must show resolve for democracy,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain wants Zimbabwe s new rulers to show clear resolve to place the country on a more democratic and prosperous path after the fall of Robert Mugabe.  Zimbabweans suffered for too long as a result of Mugabe s ruinous rule,  Britain s minister for Africa, Rory Stewart, said on arriving in Harare.  The events of the last few days have given people here real hope that Zimbabwe can be set on a different, more democratic and more prosperous path.   What comes next must be driven by Zimbabweans - it must be in line with the Zimbabwean constitution and will be impossible without clear resolve from the incoming government,  he said. ",1
14062,Hezbollah parliament group calls Hariri return positive,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The parliament group for Lebanon s Hezbollah said in a statement on Thursday that Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri s return from abroad and his  positive statements  signal a possible return to normality in Lebanon, al-Mayadin TV channel reported.  Hariri resigned abruptly while in Saudi Arabia on Nov. 4, sparking a political crisis in Lebanon, but returned to Beirut late on Tuesday and shelved his resignation. ",1
14063,Greek pensioners protest against government that 'took everything',"ATHENS (Reuters) - Several hundred elderly Greeks marched through Athens on Thursday, protesting against a government they say  took everything  with a new round of cuts to pensions and crumbling health care benefits.  Greece s three bailouts since 2010 have repeatedly taken aim at the pension system. Cuts have pushed nearly half its elderly below the poverty line with incomes of less 600 euros ($710.70) a month. With nearly a quarter of the workforce unemployed, a quarter of children living in poverty and benefits slashed, parents have grown dependent on grandparents for handouts. But after the cuts to pensions, some Greeks have seen their monthly cheque fall between 40 and 50 percent in seven years. After rent, utility bills and health care, they barely make ends meet.  I have never seen the country in this state, not even during war,  said 80-year-old Nikos Georgiadis, a former hotel employee whose pension has been reduced by 40 percent.   Pensioners are impoverished, and not only can they not afford to buy medicines, some are looking for food in the trash,  he said, leaning on a tree to catch his breath.  New changes to pension regulations mean more cuts are expected in 2019. Pensioners also have to pay more out of pocket for health care. Fotini Karavidou, a 75-year-old retired accountant who joined the march in a wheelchair, said she had to  cut back on everything  to afford medicine.   It s simple - many pensioners cannot afford to eat and to buy medicine,  said Yiannis Karadimas, 67, who heads a local pensioners association. Karadimas said it was  a joke  that the government had legalised marijuana for medical purposes while cutting back on health care spending.   They re killing us and they re mocking us at the same time,  he said.  The popularity of Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has waned since he first won elections in 2015. In an effort to rebuild public support, the government gave Greece s 1.3 million pensioners a one-off Christmas bonus last year, worth 300 to 500 euros each. But the handouts have failed to whip up any obvious increase in support. Pensioners have taken to the streets time and again in recent months. About 2,000 people joined Thursday s march.   Unfortunately, I voted for them, and they turned out to be the biggest liars of all,  Georgiadis, the pensioner, said.  It (the government) promised us everything, and it took everything.  ($1 = 0.8442 euros) ",1
14064,"Swiss pledge more funds for EU budget, progress on treaty","BERN (Reuters) - Switzerland and the European Union, its main trading partner, made headway on Thursday on clinching a new treaty meant to cement ties, and Bern pledged fresh contributions to EU coffers. The head of the EU Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, and Swiss President Doris Leuthard gave an upbeat assessment of ties, which are on the mend after the Swiss parliament last year skirted voters  calls for curbing immigration from the bloc.  Things are going in the right direction,  Juncker told a news conference after meetings in the Swiss capital.  Shaky prospects for progress in the talks had prompted last-minute consultations on Monday to check whether the visit would even take place, a diplomat involved said. But Leuthard said Switzerland was on track to contribute another 1.3 billion Swiss francs ($1.33 billion) in  cohesion payments  to the EU budget over 10 years as a sign of solidarity. Legislation would go to parliament next year. The two sides did not achieve a breakthrough on a  framework  treaty Brussels wants to replace more than 100 bilateral accords now governing relations. This would ensure Switzerland adopts relevant EU laws in return for enhanced access to the bloc s single market, crucial for Swiss exports.  Such a pact is anathema to the anti-EU Swiss People s Party (SVP), the biggest in parliament. Many conservative politicians as well worry that any deal giving EU judges a role in settling disputes plays into the SVP s hands before 2019 elections.  They hope Britain s divorce talks with Brussels may open new avenues for Swiss-EU ties. While Britain seems set to leave the single market and to impose controls on immigration, Switzerland is keen to ensure EU citizens can continue to live and work here   the price for its  enhanced access to the EU market. Juncker said he was taking pains to ensure the Brexit issue and Swiss talks remained separate. Leuthard said the foreign judges issue remained a tricky one but added:  We found some flexibility here and will go into this in more depth in the months ahead.  She did not elaborate. Bilateral ties suffered when Swiss voters in 2014 demanded quotas on EU immigration, but thawed after parliament last year adopted instead a system giving people registered as unemployed in Switzerland first crack at open jobs. Agreements on mutual recognition of industrial standards and combining carbon trading systems followed, and Brussels is expected soon to recognize Swiss financial rules as sufficient. A new treaty could pave the way for heightened Swiss access to EU power markets, cutting costs and ensuring supplies in emergencies. It could also help open the EU market for financial services for Swiss-based banks and insurers. The EU has made clear the treaty is a precondition for such deals, which in theory could make a pact more attractive to Swiss voters in an inevitable referendum. Without accompanying perks, the treaty is  a sitting duck , one EU diplomat said. While a treaty is also a stated aim of the Swiss government, mainstream conservatives are wary of the  foreign judges  angle.  They worry this hands the SVP a stick with which to beat them. A survey this month by gfs.bern for Credit Suisse showed 60 percent of Swiss back the current web of bilateral accords, down sharply from 81 percent in 2016. Support for ending the accords rose 9 points to 28 percent. The survey reflected how contradictory Swiss wishes can be. Nearly 80 percent favor quotas to control immigration, while 85 percent want free access to foreign markets. The SVP has mounted a referendum campaign to scrap the bilateral accords and seize control of immigration to a country whose population is already a quarter foreign.  ($1 = 0.9799 Swiss francs) ",1
14065,Russia sends research ship to help search for missing Argentine sub,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s defense ministry has sent an oceanographic research ship to the South Atlantic to help with the search for an Argentine submarine which went missing more than a week ago, TASS news agency reported on Thursday. The vessel, called Yantar (Amber), is equipped with two self-propelled deep submergence vehicles allowing it to examine underwater areas up to 6,000 meters (3.75 miles) deep, TASS quoted the Russian military as saying. Dozens of planes and boats are searching for the San Juan submarine. The search entered a  critical phase  on Wednesday as the 44 crew on board could be running low on oxygen, an Argentine navy spokesman said. If the German-built submarine, in service for more than three decades, had sunk or was otherwise unable to rise to the surface since it gave its last location on Nov. 15, it would be using up the last of its seven-day oxygen supply. ",1
14066,Merkel looks secure for now despite coalition chaos,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives are rallying around her despite the failure of talks to form a three-way ruling coalition, buying her time in office and putting the onus on her Social Democrat rivals to break Germany s political impasse. Resolute conservative support for Merkel is significant, as some members of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) have said privately their price for a re-run of its  grand coalition  with the conservatives would be Merkel s head. The collapse late on Sunday of the coalition talks, which followed an inconclusive Sept. 24 election, has plunged Germany into the worst political crisis since the end of World War Two. President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, who is trying to broker a deal, is keenly aware the source of Germany s international clout is its economic power and that businesses want a stable coalition soon to end the uncertainty and avoid another poll. SPD leader Martin Schulz, whose party is the second biggest in Germany and was the junior coalition partner to Merkel s conservative bloc in the last parliament, has insisted the SPD should rebuild in opposition after heavy losses in September. But with Merkel secure for now at the helm of her Christian Democrats (CDU), the pressure shifts to the SPD to help form a coalition after the failure of the chancellor s three-way talks with the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) and Greens. Surveys suggest going to the polls again would deliver a similar outcome to September s result. Furthermore, 58 percent of voters want Merkel to remain chancellor, an Infratest Dimap poll for broadcaster ARD showed this week. While the SPD prevaricates, Merkel looks reasonable for trying to resolve the impasse.  One thing is clear: Angela Merkel s position in the CDU is very strong. She is our Number One,  David McAllister, a CDU executive committee member, told Reuters. Her party believes she did all she could to forge a three-way coalition. Merkel s efforts also improved ties with the CDU s Bavarian allies in the conservative bloc, the Christian Social Union (CSU), which had been strained over immigration. Another senior CDU official said there was no question of sacrificing Merkel as the party had no credible alternative. A third senior CDU official, Volker Kauder, leader of the conservative parliamentary group in the lower house of parliament, said he hoped the Social Democrats would change their minds about rejecting another grand coalition.[nL8N1NT1PP] Steinmeier is due to meet Schulz on Thursday at 1400 GMT as part of his efforts to help facilitate a coalition government and avoid more elections. Asked about the possibility of the SPD supporting a Merkel-led minority government or entering a new grand coalition, an SPD spokesman pointed to Schulz s meeting with Steinmeier and said,  then we will see what comes afterwards . A former SPD leader, Steinmeier is meeting leaders from all parties in parliament this week and wants them to make agreement on a new government possible  in the near future . Only after a new government has formed is Merkel s position likely to come under pressure - and even then, not immediately. Her mentor, Helmut Kohl, and Konrad Adenauer, who led Germany s rebirth after World War Two, are the only post-war chancellors to have ruled Germany longer than her. Merkel, 63, only decided to run again last November after thinking long and hard. She said then she was seeking to stay on  if health allows . In 1998, she was quoted as saying:  I don t want to be a half-dead wreck when I leave politics.  She appears in robust health, but given she has already held power for 12 years, questions will inevitably arise about who will succeed her before she is half way through any new four-year term. Potential successors are not circling just yet.  She will have probably a year or so after a government is formed before the question of her succession becomes an overwhelming issue in German domestic politics,  said Jan Techau at the American Academy in Berlin.   The moment that starts, her power will be greatly diminished.  But first, Merkel must form a new government. If Steinmeier fails to convince the SPD to enter a new grand coalition, other options include a three-way coalition after all, a Merkel-led minority government, or new elections.  Since snap elections won t change relative strengths, my prediction is ... another grand coalition between the only two parties that have learned to compromise,  said Josef Joffe, publisher-editor of weekly Die Zeit. Bild newspaper reported on Wednesday that some SPD deputies were now questioning their party s rejection of a renewed grand coalition. [nL8N1NS1PN] Changing course and teaming up with Merkel again may require a change of leadership at the SPD and there could yet be a shake out at a party conference in early December.  The pressure needs to build up within the Social Democratic party,  said Techau.  He said Merkel should focus on being a responsible caretaker chancellor until a new government forms.  She just needs to play her own game well and then she can survive.  ",1
14067,"U.S. strikes on Taliban opium labs won't work, say Afghan farmers","LASHKAR GAH, Afghanistan/KABUL (Reuters) - As U.S. and Afghan forces pound Taliban drug factories this week, farmers in the country s largest opium producing-province and narcotics experts say the strategy just repeats previous failed efforts to stamp out the trade. U.S. Army General John Nicholson, who heads NATO-led forces in Afghanistan, announced on Monday a new strategy of attacking opium factories, saying he wanted to hit the Taliban  where it hurts, in their narcotics financing . Critics say the policy risks further civilian casualties and turning large swathes of the population dependent on poppy cultivation against the Afghan government.  The Taliban will not be affected by this as much as ordinary people,  said Mohammad Nabi, a poppy farmer in Nad Ali district in the southern province of Helmand, the heartland of opium production.  Farmers are not growing poppies for fun. If factories are closed and businesses are gone, then how will they provide food for their families?  Opium production in Afghanistan reached record highs this year, up 87 percent, according to the United Nations. The U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) said last week that output of opium from poppy seeds in Afghanistan, the world s main source of heroin, stood at around 9,000 metric tons in 2017, worth an estimated $1.4 billion on leaving the farms. In Helmand, cultivation area increased 79 percent. Publicizing the new strategy, which he said was open-ended, Nicholson showed one video of an F-22 fighter jet dropping 250-pound bombs on two buildings, emphasizing that a nearby third building was left unscathed. U.S. troops have long been accused of causing unnecessary collateral damage and civilian deaths. The United States says it takes every precaution to avoid civilian casualties. The four-star general emphasized that farmers were not the targets.  They are largely compelled to grow the poppy and this is kind of a tragic part of the story,  said Nicholson.  WHACK-A-MOLE  Experts, however, question whether the new strategy will have an impact on Taliban financing.  All these things have been tried before and not produced effective results. If they had, we wouldn t be where we are now,  said Orzala Nemat, director of the Kabul-based Afghanistan Research and Evaluation Unit, which has been researching the country s drug trade for a decade and a half.     Another analyst said it was simply a futile game of  whack-a-mole.  Those familiar with the drug industry in Afghanistan said it would only take three or four days to replace a lab, which generally has a low sunk-cost. They also say it was not just the Taliban involved in Afghanistan s drug trade.  Drugs are elemental to the political economy of Afghanistan, to those who rule and to those who oppose that rule,  said one analyst, asking not to be named. Prior to being ousted by U.S.-led forces in 2001, the Taliban virtually eliminated the trade, saying it was forbidden by Islam. The United States and its Western allies, the Afghan government and United Nations have made repeated efforts since to eradicate poppy cultivation, including encouraging farmers to cultivate alternatives such as saffron, spraying poppy fields with herbicide, and destroying labs. However, they have not made any serious headway in stemming the rise in drug production.     The issue underlines problems faced by the Afghan government and its allies, as they seek to cut off a major source of financing for the Taliban and stem the flow of drugs to Europe. The Taliban said that U.S. forces were mistaken in their targeting and were hitting civilians.  There are no drug producing factories in these areas. Invading Americans are carrying out these attacks based on false information and to make propaganda, which most of its victims are civilians,  said Taliban spokesman Qari Yousuf Ahmadi on Wednesday. Although World Bank projections show Afghanistan s economy picking up modestly, the improvement is more than offset by population growth, leaving many in rural areas saying they have no alternative to growing poppies.  The government must provide jobs so people can feed their families and survive,  said poppy farmer Haji Daoud in Sangin, Helmand.  It should provide security and infrastructure.   ",1
14068,Israeli official under fire for comments on American Jews' military service,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A top Israeli diplomat was rebuked by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday for suggesting that American Jews have a poor commitment to service in the U.S. military. Asked in an English-language television interview about criticism of Israeli policies by some U.S. Jews, Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely questioned whether  people that never send their children to fight for their country  could understand the  complexity  of the Middle east.  Most of the Jews don t have children serving as soldiers, going to the Marines, going to Afghanistan or to Iraq,  she said on i24 TV news on Wednesday.  They don t feel how it feels to be attacked by rockets, and I think part of it is to actually experience what Israel is dealing with on a daily basis,  said Hotovely, a member of Netanyahu s right-wing Likud party. While Israel has often quarreled with American Jews over their right to advise it from afar, Hotovely s remarks went further by appearing to insinuate they are not fully committed to their native country, a notion U.S. Jewish organizations have long fought against in their battle against anti-Semitism. In a statement, Netanyahu, who also serves as Israel s foreign minister, denounced Hotovely s comments as  hurtful .  There is no place for such a harangue and her remarks do not reflect the State of Israel s position,  the statement said. According to a 2009 survey published by the congressionally-mandated Military Leadership Diversity Commission, an estimated 1.09 percent of the members of the U.S. armed forces are Jewish. The Pew Research Center estimated in 2013 that Jews make up about 2 percent of the U.S. adult population. The website of the National Museum of American Jewish Military History in Washington lists more than 50 Jewish service members killed in Iraq and Afghanistan since 2001. ",1
14069,Iran sets December 10 court date for jailed Iranian-British aid worker,"LONDON (Reuters) - Iran has told jailed Iranian-British aid worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe that she will appear in court next month accused of spreading propaganda, her husband, Richard, said on Thursday.  She s been told she will appear in court on Dec. 10,  he told Reuters. He said that he understood she would appear in court charged with spreading propaganda. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was sentenced to five years after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges. Zaghari-Ratcliffe s fate become a major political issue in Britain after Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson made remarks on Nov. 1 that appeared to cast doubt on statements from her employer about what she had been doing in Iran.  The Thomson Reuters Foundation, a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News, said she had been on holiday. Johnson told a parliamentary committee he understood she had been teaching people journalism before her arrest in April 2016. He later apologized for his remarks. The Thomson Reuters Foundation said she had not been training journalists in Iran. Iranian state television has said Johnson s comments showed Zaghari-Ratcliffe s guilt and that she was involved in spying. ",1
14070,Assad adviser says rebels must lay down arms: Syrian state media,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Russia s planned peace talks among Syrian groups will only succeed if the opposition ends its fight against the government, a senior adviser to President Bashar al-Assad said on Thursday.   The success of the congress depends on the various opposition groups realizing that the time has come to stop the violence, lay down their weapons and engage in a national dialogue,  said Bouthaina Shaaban in comments to a Russian news agency carried by Syrian state media.     Russian President Vladimir Putin met Assad as well as the leaders of Iran and Turkey in the Black Sea resort of Sochi this week in a diplomatic push to prepare for a congress between Syria s government and opposition. For years, Western and Arab countries backed the opposition demand that Assad quit power, but since Russia s 2015 entry into the war, his government has won back major cities and now looks militarily unassailable. Large parts of northwest and southwest Syria remain in rebel hands as well as a pocket near Damascus, and Kurdish-led groups hold much of the northeast.  Opposition groups who met in Saudi Arabia on Wednesday will stick to their demand that Assad leave power as part of any political transition, the Saudi-owned al-Arabiya channel reported.  But after the Syrian army and its allies recaptured Albu Kamal, Islamic State s last Syrian town, Putin said the military campaign in Syria was winding down.  Russia has not said when the Syrian congress, also planned to take place in Sochi, will take place or who will be invited. The congress will involve drawing up a framework for the future structure of the Syrian state, adopting a new constitution and holding elections under United Nations supervision, Putin said.      After their meeting on Wednesday, Putin, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani called on the Syrian government and moderate opposition to  participate constructively . Shaaban said the government is ready for dialogue with those who believe in a political solution, adding that the opposition s desire - or even ability - to engage in a real political operation has not yet been made clear. Syria s six-year-old civil war has killed hundreds of thousands, pushed millions to flee in the worst refugee crisis since World War Two and embroiled regional and world powers.  ",1
14071,Trading inside the Rohingya camps,"PALONG KHALI, Bangladesh (Reuters) - Mohammad Ayas, a 12-year-old Rohingya refugee in the sprawling Palong Khali camp, is busy hawking piazu, a fried mixture of onions, lentils and spices. The 150 portions of piazu, made by his mother from the aid package the family received after fleeing violence in Myanmar, sell for 1 taka each, or a little more than 1 U.S. cent.  I started my trading here with the relief I got,  Mohammad told Reuters.  I did not buy anything. I got this relief package five days ago and my mum made this piazu this morning.  Myanmar s Rohingya Muslims have endured killings, arson and rape by Myanmar troops and ethnic Rakhine Buddhist vigilantes since Aug. 25, in response to Rohingya insurgent attacks on security posts, the United Nations says. It says problems like children trafficking existed in Bangladesh s camps, even before they were overwhelmed by the more than 600,000 new arrivals. Now, driven by a need for food and other essentials, trade is starting to thrive in the Palong Khali camp, located about 4 km (2.5 miles) from the Naf River that marks the border between Bangladesh and Myanmar. For the photo essay on trading inside the camps click on: reut.rs/2A5Sg7v Some refugees are returning to their previous occupations to eke out a living. Abul Fayaj, a 50-year-old vegetable seller from Buthidaung township in Rakhine, now sells green chilies to residents of the camp. He said a Bangladeshi lent him money for the chilies, which he sells for 200 taka ($2.39) per kg, higher than the local market price of 130 taka per kg.  I don t have the money to take lots of food, that s why I have to take a loan,  he said.  I have to pay more to the lender who gave me the money to buy the vegetables, so there is only a small profit,  said Fayaj, adding he takes home 100 taka a day. Obaidul Mannan, 40, with five daughters and two sons, traded clocks in Myanmar until the military came to his village, arresting people and burning homes.      He now sells betel nut that he bought with 9 grams (0.3 ounces) of gold that belonged to his wife. His complaints are common to shopkeepers everywhere.  The problem I m facing here is that I m selling next door to traders who are also selling the same items,  he said. Some Bangladeshi shopkeepers have hired Rohingya to run shops within the camp. Kalim Ullah, 42, fled from the Buthidaung area with his wife, six sons and a daughter. He used to transport goods in Myanmar, but was told that Rohingya could not own a business in Bangladesh. Ullah joined up with a local business owner and now sells snacks and red chilies in the camp for a daily wage of 100 taka. Two Bangladesh government officials confirmed that the refugees are not legally allowed to own businesses in the country since they are not citizens.  We are giving all kind of humanitarian assistance. They are not our citizens,  said a senior home ministry official.  The Myanmar government will have to take them back.  Bangladeshis are aware of the opportunities that the Rohingya exodus provides for trade and a number of them have moved closer to the camps. Abdur Razzak, 26, sells knives, pots and water buckets in the Palong Khali camp where he set up shop three months ago. After paying rent on his shop, wages for two assistants and transporting goods from the town of Ukhia, about 9 km (5.4 miles) north of the camp, Razzak earns about 500 taka profit on sales of 2,000 taka.   I m not making a lot of money. I just profit a little,  he said. ($1 = 83.7000 taka) ",1
14072,"Myanmar, Bangladesh ink Rohingya return deal amid concern over army's role","NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - Myanmar and Bangladesh signed an accord on Thursday over terms for the return of hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims who have fled to Bangladesh, both governments said, amid concern that Myanmar s powerful army could prove obstructive. Rights groups have accused the military in mostly Buddhist Myanmar of carrying out mass rape and other atrocities during a counter-insurgency operation launched in late August in retaliation for attacks by Rohingya militants in Rakhine State. On Wednesday, the United States said the military operation that drove 620,000 Rohingya to seek sanctuary in neighboring, largely Muslim Bangladesh, amounted to  ethnic cleansing , echoing an accusation first leveled by top U.N. officials in the early days of the humanitarian crisis. Myanmar is seeking to ease international pressure by striking an initial agreement on returns, while Dhaka wants to ensure overstretched refugee camps that have mushroomed in the Cox s Bazar region don t become permanent. The return of the refugees should start in two months, the pact says. A joint working group will be set up in three weeks and a specific bilateral arrangement for repatriation  will be concluded in a speedy manner,  the Bangladesh foreign affairs ministry said in a statement.  We are ready to take them back as soon as possible after Bangladesh sends the forms back to us,  Myint Kyaing, a permanent secretary at Myanmar s ministry of labor, immigration and population, told Reuters, referring to forms the Rohingya must complete with personal details before repatriation. The signing took place after a meeting between Myanmar s civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi and Bangladesh foreign minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali in Naypyitaw. In its statement, Myanmar said the deal was based on the 1992-1993 repatriation pact between the two countries that followed a previous spasm of violence in Myanmar. Although Western countries and the world Muslim body, the Organisation for Islamic Cooperation, portrayed the matter as an international issue, Myanmar said it was resolved via two-way talks based on  friendly and good neighborly relations .  Issues that emerge between neighboring countries must be resolved amicably through bilateral negotiations,  Suu Kyi s office said. On the basis of the 1992-1993 agreement, Myanmar would accept those who could present identity documents issued to the Rohingya by governments in the past, Myint Kyaing said. Acceptable identity documents include the currently distributed national verification cards, the now-withdrawn  white cards , and receipts the Rohingya received for the return of  white cards , he said. The refugees have to provide names of family members, previous addresses in Myanmar, birthdates and a statement of voluntary return in the forms they fill out, he added.  Diplomats have said key deal elements will be the criteria of return and the participation of the United Nations refugee agency, UNHCR. Other important points include safeguards for the Rohingya against further violence, a path to resolving their legal status and whether they would be allowed to return to their own homes and farms. Myint Kyaing declined to elaborate on those points. Speaking at a military event in Dhaka, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said she was calling on Myanmar  to start taking back soon their nationals from Bangladesh .  However, there was little enthusiasm for the deal among Rohingya refugees in the camps in Bangladesh s Cox s Bazar area near the Myanmar border.    We will go back to our country if our demands are met,   said one of them, Salimullah, who arrived in Bangladesh 15 days ago.  Our demands are that we are given citizenship. They also have to give us back our land,  he told Reuters Television. Suu Kyi, whose stature as a Nobel peace prize winner was tarnished by the crisis, has said repatriation of the largely stateless Muslim minority would be based on residency and that it will be  safe and voluntary . But her civilian administration, which is less than two years old, has to share power with the military that ruled Myanmar for decades, and the generals have appeared less enthusiastic about the prospect of Rohingya returning. Russia s ambassador to Myanmar criticized the U.S. stance, saying that using the term  ethnic cleansing  was unhelpful and could aggravate the situation. On a visit to Beijing on Wednesday, Myanmar s commander in chief, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, was told by a senior Chinese general that China wanted stronger ties with Myanmar s military. Humanitarian workers told Reuters they were particularly concerned about a statement by Min Aung Hlaing last week.  The situation must be acceptable for both local Rakhine ethnic people and Bengalis, and emphasis must be placed on wish of local Rakhine ethnic people who are real Myanmar citizens,  Min Aung Hlaing said. His use of the term Bengali for the Rohingya implies they are from Bangladesh, and Buddhists in Rakhine are largely opposed to their presence. Min Aung Hlaing, over whom Suu Kyi has no control, also said the returnees would be  scrutinized and re-accepted under the 1982 Citizenship Law and the 1992 Myanmar-Bangladesh bilateral agreement . The 1982 law, passed during the junta s long rule, ties Myanmar citizenship to membership of recognized ethnic groups, an official list that excludes the Rohingya. Senior U.N. officials based in Myanmar told Reuters they feared that security personnel in key positions may not cooperate over the return of Rohingya. ",1
14073,EU's Juncker says will see in 'next few days' if Brexit talks can enter second phase,"BERN (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Thursday that it would be seen in the next few days whether Brexit talks with Britain had made enough progress to enter a second phase of negotiations.  We are in intense negotiation with the UK to end the first phase of the talks about topics such as citizen rights, the  Ireland problem , the bill that will have to be paid,  Juncker told a news conference during an official visit to Switzerland.  The worst is behind us, but there has not been sufficient progress for me to say that we can enter the second phase of the talks about our relationship in the future. We ll see that within the next few days,  he said.  Asked about a report the UK could pay 45 billion pounds for its Brexit divorce, he said:  I m not crazy enough to give an immediate answer to the question.  ",1
14074,U.N.'s de Mistura to visit Moscow on Friday: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.N. special envoy on Syria Staffan de Mistura will visit Moscow on Friday, RIA news agency reported on Thursday, citing Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov. Previously, RIA news agency reported that de Mistura was due in Moscow on Thursday to discuss the situation in Syria. ",1
14075,"China air force again flies round Taiwan, over South China Sea","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s air force has again flown bombers and other warplanes through two strategic channels near Taiwan and also over the disputed South China Sea during training drills, state media said on Thursday. Numerous H-6K bombers and other jets recently flew through the Bashi Channel between Taiwan and the Philippines and the Miyako Strait in Japan s south, and also over the South China Sea on a  combat patrol , the official Xinhua news agency said, citing Air Force spokesman Shen Jinke. Shen did not say when the drills began but said all planes had finished their patrols on Thursday, which were intended to  improve maritime real combat capabilities and forge the forces  battle methods . China has been increasingly asserting itself in territorial disputes in the South and East China Seas. It is also worried about Taiwan, run by a government China fears is intent on independence. Beijing has never ruled out the use of force to bring proudly democratic Taiwan under its control, and has warned that any moves towards formal independence could prompt an armed response. China is in the midst of an ambitious military modernization program that includes building aircraft carriers and developing stealth fighters to give it the ability to project power far from its shores. Taiwan is well armed, mostly with U.S. weaponry, but has been pressing Washington to sell it more high-tech equipment to better deter China. ",1
14076,"China grants economic aid to Djibouti, site of overseas military base","BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Thursday offered loans to Djibouti, the site of its first overseas military base, as the Horn of Africa state s leader told President Xi Jinping he considered himself a great friend of the Asian giant.  With a population of less than one million, Djibouti has long punched above its weight, thanks to a strategic location on the Gulf of Aden, one of the world s busiest shipping routes linking Europe to Asia and the Middle East. China formally opened the base, which it calls a logistics facility, on Aug. 1, the 90th birthday of the People s Liberation Army. Djibouti also hosts large U.S. and French bases.  Djibouti was politically stable, Xi told its president, Ismail Omar Guelleh, at a meeting in Beijing s Great Hall of the People.     China sets great store by its relations with Djibouti,  he added.  Guelleh, who has been in power since 1999, said he considered himself a  great friend of China s  and could not count the number of times he had visited.  Djibouti is known for being a country of peace, exchanges and meetings,  Guelleh said.  I would like to recall the geostrategic position of Djibouti and its importance in this part of the world as an island of stability for Asia, Africa and the Middle East.   The two, who did not mention the military base in comments to reporters, later oversaw the signing of a framework pact for preferential loans. Chinese Assistant Foreign Minister Chen Xiaodong declined to reveal the amount of loans offered, saying he could not remember.  In this area both countries have always had good cooperation,  Chen told reporters. Xi and Guelleh did discuss the military base, Chen added.  What I want to stress is that China building a logistics base in Djibouti benefits China to even better fulfill its naval protection, peace-keeping, disaster relief and other international work,  he said. The base will be used to resupply navy ships participating in peacekeeping, humanitarian and anti-piracy missions off the coasts of Yemen and Somalia, in particular. China also has deep economic interests in Djibouti.     Last week, China s POLY-GCL Petroleum Group Holdings Ltd signed a memorandum of understanding to invest $4 billion in a natural gas project in Djibouti. In January, the government launched construction of a project billed as Africa s largest free trade zone, as part of China s massive Belt and Road infrastructure initiative stretching to Asia, Europe and beyond. ",1
14077,Czech president plans to appoint Babis's cabinet by mid-December,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech President Milos Zeman plans to appoint Andrej Babis as prime minister in early December and the full cabinet around the middle of the month, Zeman s spokesman said on Thursday. Babis s ANO party came first by a wide margin in a parliamentary election last month but fell short of a majority and has not found any coalition partners nor votes to support a minority cabinet that Babis is now trying to form. Czech public television reported on Thursday that Zeman wanted to appoint Babis on Dec. 6 and his full cabinet on Dec. 15. The president s spokesman said those were provisional dates. Zeman spoke on Thursday with journalists traveling with him during a state visit in Russia. The eight other parties in parliament have so far been unwilling to join a coalition with ANO, mainly due to an investigation into allegations that Babis hid ownership of an farm and convention center almost a decade ago to get European Union subsidies. Babis denies any wrongdoing and says the case is politically motivated.     The new government will take power from the date of the appointment. If it loses a mandatory confidence vote, it will stay in office until another administration is formed, which can take months. Babis  appointment will be possible only after the current government of Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka resigns, which is expected to happen next week at the earliest. So far, only the Communists have said they may help ANO s minority government in the confidence vote, but their votes alone would not be enough. ",1
14078,"Iran Guards ready to help rebuild Syria, Hezbollah will not disarm: TV","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran s Revolutionary Guards are ready to help rebuild Syria and bring about a lasting  ceasefire  there, chief commander Mohammad Ali Jafari said, adding that disarming Lebanon s Hezbollah is out of the question, state TV reported on Thursday. Regional tensions have risen in recent weeks between Sunni Muslim monarchy Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran, whose rivalry has wrought upheaval in Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Bahrain. Saudi Arabia has accused the heavily armed Iran-backed Hezbollah of helping Houthi forces in Yemen and playing a role in a ballistic missile attack on the kingdom earlier this month. Iran and Hezbollah both denied the claims. Iranian state television quoted Jafari as saying:  Hezbollah must be armed to fight against the enemy of the Lebanese nation which is Israel. Naturally they should have the best weapons to protect Lebanon s security. This issue is non-negotiable.  Iran denies giving financial and military support to the Houthis in the struggle for Yemen, blaming the deepening crisis on Riyadh.  Iran only provides advisory and spiritual assistances to Yemen ... and this help will continue,  he said. Jafari also praised the success of Iranian allies across the region, hailing a  resistance front  from Tehran to Beirut and calling on Riyadh to avoid confronting this grouping.  We directly deal with global arrogance and Israel not with their emissaries... That is why we do not want to have direct confrontation with Saudi Arabia,  he said. The term global arrogance refers to the United States. Leaders of Russia, Turkey and Iran agreed on Wednesday to help support a full-scale political process in Syria and announced an agreement to sponsor a conference in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi to try to end Syria s civil war.   The guards are ready to play an active role in  establishing a lasting ceasefire in Syria ... and reconstruction of the country,  Jafari said.  Iran has signed large economic contracts with Syria, reaping what appear to be lucrative rewards for helping Tehran s main regional ally President Bashar al-Assad in his fight against rebel groups and Islamic State militants.   In meetings with the (Iran) government, it was agreed that the Guards were in a better position to help Syria s reconstruction ... the preliminary talks already have been held with the Syrian government over the issue,  Jafari said Jafari repeated Iran s stance on its disputed ballistic missile work, saying the Islamic Republic s missile program is for defensive purposes and not up for negotiation.  The program was not part of the 2015 nuclear deal with Western powers under which Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of some sanctions.  Iran will not negotiate its defensive program ... there will be no talks about it,  he said.  (French president Emmanuel) Macron s remarks over our missile work is because he is young and inexperienced.  Macron said earlier this month that Tehran should be less aggressive in the region and should clarify the strategy around its ballistic missile program. ",1
14079,Zimbabwe opposition wants Mugabe's pillars of repression dismantled,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s main opposition said on Thursday it wanted incoming president Emmerson Mnangagwa to dismantle all pillars of repression that helped sustain Robert Mugabe s 37 years in power. In its first official comments since Mugabe resigned on Tuesday, the MDC said it was cautiously optimistic that a Mnangagwa presidency would not  mimic and replicate the evil, corrupt, decadent and incompetent Mugabe regime.  ",1
14080,Warehouse fire sends huge clouds of smoke across London skyline,"LONDON (Reuters) - A fire at an industrial estate sent clouds of smoke billowing across London on Thursday morning.  London s fire brigade said 81 firefighters and 12 fire engines were battling the blaze at an industrial estate in Ponders End, northeast London. The smoke clouds could be seen against a clear blue sky from as far away as the Canary Wharf financial district in the east of the capital. There were no immediate reports of injuries.  ",1
14081,Detained Venezuelan-U.S. Citgo executives to be tried as 'traitors': Maduro,"WASHINGTON/CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said on Wednesday that Venezuelan-American executives at refiner Citgo who were arrested in a corruption sweep this week would be tried as  corrupt, thieving traitors  despite a request by the United States to free them.  Five of six executives of U.S.-based refiner Citgo [PDVSAC.UL] who were arrested in Caracas this week are U.S. citizens, according to a source familiar with the matter, possibly complicating Venezuela s corruption sweep of the oil industry.  The six executives included acting Citgo President Jose Pereira, who has Venezuelan citizenship and U.S. permanent residency, the source said. Citgo did not respond to requests for comment.   Late on Wednesday, Maduro tapped Asdrubal Chavez, a former oil minister and cousin of the late president Hugo Chavez, to replace Pereira.      Military intelligence agents detained the Texas-based executives during an event at state oil company PDVSA s headquarters in Caracas on Tuesday, two sources told Reuters. U.S.-based Citgo Petroleum Corp (Citgo) is a Venezuelan-owned refiner and marketer of oil and petrochemical products.  Maduro said the U.S. embassy had requested that its nationals be freed. He mocked the demand and vowed that the men, who are also Venezuelan, would pay for alleged wrongdoing in a financial deal.   These are people born in Venezuela, they re Venezuelan and they re going to be judged for being corrupt, thieving traitors,  Maduro said in a televised broadcast during which he also sang and danced salsa.   They re properly behind bars, and they should go to the worst prison in Venezuela.  Relations between Caracas and Washington have long been tense. They have further soured under President Donald Trump since his administration imposed sanctions on Venezuelan officials including Maduro, and economic sanctions that have impeded the OPEC nation s access to international banks.  Venezuela has defaulted on sovereign debt and bonds issued by PDVSA after failing to make timely payments, a New York-based derivatives group ruled on Thursday. Late on Wednesday, a U.S. State Department official said,  We have seen media reports of the arrest of U.S. citizens in Venezuela. Venezuela is required under the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations to provide consular notification to the U.S. upon request of a detained U.S. citizen, and to provide consular access.   When a U.S. citizen is arrested overseas, we immediately request permission to visit him or her. We have no additional information to offer at this time.      Venezuelan state Prosecutor Tarek Saab has declared a  crusade  against  organized crime  in Venezuela s oil industry. Saab told a news conference on Tuesday that his office had uncovered a roughly $4 billion planned deal with foreign companies, offering the refiner as guarantee in a detrimental deal for Venezuela. According to Saab, the deal was with U.S. investment fund Apollo Global Management LLC and Dubai-based Frontier Management Group LTD, and also included a Swiss-based intermediary, Mangore Sarl. He added there was a  presumed  link between Mangore Sarl and the Citgo executives. Opposition leaders have attributed the arrests to in-fighting among government factions and the cash-strapped government s desire to gain control of money-making companies rather than a genuine desire to root out corruption.  Venezuela has whipped out much of Citgo s top brass at a delicate time for the OPEC nation, which has been declared in selective default after some late payments. But as Venezuela is making efforts to pay, bondholders of some of the world s highest yielding debt have so far been tolerant of the delays.   The five other arrested executives are: Tomeu Vadell, vice president of refining operations; Alirio Zambrano, vice president and general manager of Corpus Christi refinery; Jose Luis Zambrano, vice president of shared services; Gustavo Cardenas, vice president of strategic shareholder relations, government and public affairs; Jorge Toledo, vice president of supply and marketing. ",1
14082,Pakistan court orders release of Islamist blamed for Mumbai attacks,"LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - A Pakistani court on Wednesday ordered the release from house arrest of an Islamist leader accused by the United States and India of masterminding attacks on Mumbai in 2008 in which 166 people were killed, a prosecutor said. Hafiz Saeed was put under house arrest in January after years of living freely in Pakistan, one of the sore points in its fraying relationship with the United States. His freedom had also infuriated its arch-foe India. Saeed, who is expected to be freed on Thursday, thanked the court judges in a video message released by his Islamist charity.  Thanks to God, this is a victory of Pakistan s independence,  he said. The government of Pakistan s Punjab province had asked for a 60-day extension to Saeed s detention but the request was turned down by the court, prosecutor Sattar Sahil told Reuters.     His previous detention for 30 days is over, which means he would be released tomorrow,  said Sahil.  Saeed has repeatedly denied involvement in the Mumbai attacks in which 10 gunmen attacked targets in India s largest city, including two luxury hotels, a Jewish center and a train station in a rampage that lasted several days. The violence brought nuclear-armed neighbors Pakistan and India to the brink of war. The United States had offered a $10 million bounty for information leading to the arrest and conviction of Saeed, who heads the Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD). Members say the Jamaat-ud-Dawa is an charity but the United States says it is a front for the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) militant group.  The review board of the Lahore High Court asked the Punjab government to produce evidence against Hafiz Saeed for keeping him detained but the government failed,  Saeed s lawyer A.K. Dogar told Reuters.  The court today said that there is nothing against Saeed, therefore he should be released,  he added. A spokesman for India s foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. India accused Pakistan of sponsoring the attacks through the LeT, which Saeed founded in the 1990s. Pakistan has denied any state involvement in the attack. It placed the LeT on a list of banned organizations in 2002.   The leader of Jamaat-ud-Dawa, Hafiz Saeed s (may God protect him) internment is over,  Nadeem Awan, a media manager for JuD, wrote on Facebook after the court order. ",1
14083,Turkey to detain 99 suspects in widening post-coup probe: Anadolu,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish authorities issued detention warrants for 99 suspects including doctors and lawyers and have so far detained 78 of them, the state-run Anadolu agency said on Thursday, as part of a widening crackdown since last year s failed coup attempt. The suspects were believed to be users of ByLock, an encrypted messaging app which the government says was used by the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused by Ankara of orchestrating last July s abortive putsch. Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999, denies involvement. Anadolu said security forces were seeking the remaining suspects in southern Turkish province of Antalya. Turkey has identified 215,092 users of ByLock and has launched investigations on 23,171 of them, the interior minister said earlier this week. More than 50,000 people, including soldiers, teachers and journalists, have been jailed pending trial in a sweeping crackdown following last year s coup attempt.  In the judiciary alone, 5,920 people have been sacked from their jobs due to suspected links to the 2016 coup attempt, Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gul said on Thursday.     Rights groups and some of Turkey s Western allies have voiced concern about the crackdown, fearing the government is using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government says only such a purge could neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network, which it says deeply infiltrated institutions such as the army, schools and courts. ",1
14084,"Myanmar, Bangladesh sign Rohingya return deal: Myanmar official","YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar and Bangladesh signed a memorandum of understanding on Thursday, a senior Myanmar official told Reuters, for the return home of hundreds of thousands of Rohingya refugees who fled to the neighboring country to escape a Myanmar army crackdown.  We are ready to take them back as soon as possible after Bangladesh sends the forms back to us,  said Myint Kyaing, a permanent secretary at Myanmar s ministry of labor, immigration and population, referring to registration forms the Rohingya must complete with personal details before repatriation. ",1
14085,U.S. calling Rohingya operation 'ethnic cleansing' unhelpful: Russian envoy,"YANGON (Reuters) - The U.S. labeling of a Myanmar army crackdown on Rohingya Muslims as  ethnic cleansing  is unhelpful and could aggravate the situation, Russia s ambassador to the southeast Asian nation said on Thursday, criticizing  excessive external intervention . Rights groups have accused the military in mostly Buddhist Myanmar of carrying out mass rape and other atrocities during a ferocious military sweep launched in late August in retaliation for attacks by Rohingya Muslim militants in Rakhine State. That drove 620,000 Rohingya refugees, many traumatized with gunshot wounds and burns, to flee to Bangladesh, joining hundreds of thousands who have sheltered there for years after previous spasms of violence in the former Burma. The military operation  amounted to  ethnic cleansing , the United States said on Wednesday, echoing an accusation first made by top U.N. officials in the early days of the humanitarian crisis.  I don t think that it will help to solve this problem,  Russian ambassador Nikolay Listopadov told Reuters in an interview in Yangon, when asked about the U.S. move.  On the contrary, it can aggravate the situation, throw more fuel,  he said in English, citing concern over how the Buddhist community in Rakhine would react to such a designation. This month, Russia and China agreed to a UN Security Council statement urging Myanmar to  ensure no further excessive use of military force  and expressing  grave concern over reports of human rights violations , but they have opposed tougher steps and further pressure on Myanmar.  We are against excessive external intervention, because it won t lead to any constructive results,  Listopadov said.  Just pressure and blaming and accusing - it simply won t work.  On a visit to Myanmar last week, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged the government of Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi to lead a credible and impartial inquiry, saying those who committed abuses should be held responsible. But prospects for such an inquiry remain dim and Suu Kyi s government refused to cooperate with a mission launched by the United Nations Human Rights Council in March after a less intense bout of violence in Rakhine. The  so-called independent investigation  demanded by Tillerson was  absolutely  out of the question for Myanmar, Listopadov said.  It s absolutely not acceptable for the Myanmar side - it will never accept it...it won t work - it s counterproductive,  said Listopadov.  Independent investigation means international (investigation) - no, it s not acceptable.  Moscow s approach was for the Rakhine issue to be solved by  political means, political dialogue,  he added, without elaborating. He welcomed talks being held in Myanmar s capital of Naypyitaw between Myanmar and Bangladesh on the repatriation of Rohingya refugees, stressing it was  important to start this process.   We wish them success,  said Listopadov,  this complicated Rakhine issue can be solved mostly only by negotiations and agreements between the two sides, because they re the most involved,  he said, referring to Bangladesh and Myanmar. China wants closer ties with Myanmar s military to help protect regional peace and security, a senior Chinese general told the visiting head of the southeast Asian country s army this week. ",1
14086,"Australia urges strong, sustained U.S. engagement in Asia, warns on China","SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia called on Thursday on the United States to build a strong presence in Asia and bolster ties with  like-minded  partners while warning against China s rising influence. A more insular United States would be detrimental to the liberal nature of the world s  rules-based order , the government said in a 115-page foreign policy white paper.  Australia believes that international challenges can only be tackled effectively when the world s wealthiest, most innovative and most powerful country is engaged in solving them,  the government said. The white paper is a guide for Australian diplomacy and provides a roadmap for advancing its interests. The election of President Donald Trump represented a step towards a more isolationist world, which could be negative for Australia s export-dependent economy, commentators have said. Trump withdrew from the Trans-Pacific Partnership regional trade agreement in January, shortly after he took office.  Strong and sustained U.S. engagement in the international system remains fundamental to international stability and prosperity,  the government said in the paper.  Without such engagement, the effectiveness and liberal character of the international order would erode.  Australia is one of the staunchest U.S. allies and troops from the two countries have fought alongside each other in all major conflicts for generations. But the economic growth and power that the United States has enjoyed since the end of the World War Two is now being challenged by China, Australia said. Australia and China have close economic ties but China is suspicious of Australia s close military relationship with the United States. Australia warned in the paper of risks it faces, particularly in the  Indo-Pacific region  due to a shift in the balance of power. It highlighted the South China Sea as a  major fault line in the regional order , and said it was  particularly concerned by the unprecedented pace and scale  of China s land reclamation and construction activities in the disputed waters.      China s Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told a regular briefing that the paper was on whole a positive assessment of China s development, which he said adhered to the global rules-based order, and of relations between China and Australia. But Lu said the paper did make  irresponsible remarks  on the South China Sea for which China expressed its concerns.  While the government recognized the economic benefits from China s rise, it was also trying to  wish China away , said Jane Golley, deputy director at the Australian Center on China in the World, Australian National University.   To actually drop the word  Asia  from  Asia-Pacific  undoes three decades of diplomatic effort,  Golley said, referring to the use of the phrase  Indo-Pacific  which came up 120 times in the paper.  Asia-Pacific  was not used once. The United States and some of its allies have recently been talking up their vision of the  Indo-Pacific , instead of the  Asia-Pacific , in a play on words aimed at undermining the influence of China.  There is a small reference to China s geo-economic strategy in the paper but the emphasis is on the tensions that could create, rather than the economic benefits,  Golley said.   We ll have to see how China reacts to this but they re not going to like this policy.  Relations between Australia and China sank to a low point this year after Australia rejected high-profile Chinese investments, citing  national interest . Australia has also shown little enthusiasm for China s  ambitious Belt and Road initiative, which aims to connect China to Europe and beyond with infrastructure projects. The initiative was mentioned just once in the paper.   We are not embracing the future,  Golley said.  We are holding on to the past and reaching on to the life jacket rather than thinking of building a whole new ship.  ",1
14087,No joke: China government warns northern cities to get serious in war on smog,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Some northern Chinese cities failed to improve air quality by much last month, hitting the smog-prone region s overall results in a drive against pollution, the government said as it warned provincial officials to comply with stringent steps to clear the skies.  Some cities did not improve air quality by much or even experienced some volatility, and in a way, they have dragged down the regional air quality level,  Ministry of Environmental Protection (MEP) spokesperson, Liu Youbin, said at a regular briefing on Thursday. He did not identify the underperforming cities, but the comment comes amid concerns about the country s ability to reduce pollution in winter as it battles to avoid a repeat of the near-record levels of choking smog that enveloped key northern areas at the start of the year.  There is no jesting in war. For those local officials who do not enforce the measures of the campaign effectively and could not improve air quality in time, we will hold them accountable,  Liu added. Data earlier this month showed only four of 28 northern Chinese cities met their air quality targets in October and air quality in 338 Chinese cities worsened in October, with levels of hazardous breathable particles, known as PM 2.5, up 5.6 percent on the year to an average of 38 micrograms per cubic meter.      Beijing is under huge pressure to meet politically crucial air quality targets and clear the skies of toxic smog that blankets the north of the country as homes turn up the heat which is powered by coal. Liu said overall air quality in the northern cities was improving compared with September. Average PM 2.5 levels in the region dropped 15.8 percent in October from the month before, he said.   It shows that our measures are working. As long as we are persistent, and diligently enforce existing measures, regional air quality will definitely improve,  he said.  Under the six-month campaign, 28 northern Chinese cities were ordered to thin traffic and cut industrial output. Thousands of pollution sources including steel mills, coal-fired boilers, cement and ceramic plants, mines and building sites will be shut. These measures, part of Beijing s years-long time war on smog, have already roiled commodities market, fuelling worries that the tough inspections are hurting the already slowing economy. ",1
14088,Kuwait's emir leaves hospital after successful medical tests: agency,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Kuwait s Emir Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber al-Sabah was discharged from hospital on Thursday after successful medical tests, state news agency (KUNA) reported, one day after he was admitted following a cold. The agency cited Emiri Court Affairs Minister Sheikh Nasser Sabah al-Ahmad al-Sabah as saying that the 88-year-old ruler of the Gulf Arab state, which is allied with the West, left hospital after  successfully completing regular medical tests . ",1
14089,Philippines president likely to return police to drugs war soon: spokesman,"MANILA (Reuters) - There is a  strong likelihood  Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will lift a suspension on police from his war on drugs, his spokesman said on Thursday, a move likely to alarm activists who accuse police of committing murder under the guise of drug busts. Amid international concern over the staggering death toll and several killings of youngsters, President Rodrigo Duterte last month suspended police anti-narcotics operations for a second time and put the country s undermanned drugs enforcement agency, PDEA, in charge. Presidential spokesman Harry Roque reiterated Duterte s concern expressed last week that the drugs problem could intensify and gains might be lost with the Philippine National Police (PNP) sidelined.  A decision will soon be made,  Roque told a regular briefing.  That s the president s call. If he thinks it (the war on drugs) must be returned (to the PNP) then it must be, the PDEA has been given enough time.  He added:  Effectively he has manifested already a decision to return it to the PNP.  Close to 4,000 mostly urban poor Filipinos have been killed in what police say are anti-drug operations. Human rights groups and political opponents say executions of drug users and small-time peddlers have been widespread, but police insist those killed were all dealers who put up violent resistance. Police have rebuffed criticism and cite 117,000 arrests as proof that their policy is to preserve life. They also deny links to at least 2,000 mysterious street killings of drug users. Roque said Duterte knew the police had flaws and would not tolerate abuses, but he still believed in them.  He suspended police in January and reinstated them five weeks later, arguing that drugs were pouring back to the streets. It is unclear why he removed them again on Oct. 11. His directive was to  bring order  to the campaign, but in angry, at times incoherent speeches, he suggested he was trying to appease the international community. Duterte last week oversaw his biggest international summit yet but there was no known challenge from other leaders to his war on drugs, including from U.S. President Donald Trump. The volatile Duterte did, however, lash out afterwards about Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, calling it an  insult  that he should express his concern to him. Phelim Kine, deputy director of Human Rights Watch in Asia, said people should  brace for more bloodshed  and called again for a United Nations-led international investigation.  Until that happens, the number of victims denied justice and accountability will likely only continue to grow,  he wrote in a web posting. ",1
14090,U.S. suspends official travel to Myanmar's troubled Rakhine,"YANGON (Reuters) - The United States temporarily suspended travel for American officials to parts of Myanmar s Rakhine state, the U.S. embassy said on Thursday, citing concerns over potential protests after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson accused Myanmar of  ethnic cleansing  in the state.  ",1
14091,"Cuba, North Korea reject 'unilateral and arbitrary' U.S. demands","HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba s foreign minister and his North Korean counterpart rejected the United States   unilateral and arbitrary  demands on Wednesday while expressing concern about escalating tensions on the Korean peninsula, the ministry said. North Korea is searching for support amid unprecedented pressure from the United States and the international community to cease its nuclear weapons and missile programs, which it carries out in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions. The country, which has made no secret of its plans to develop a missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland, has maintained warm political relations with Cuba since 1960, despite the island s opposition to nuclear weapons. Some diplomats said Cuba was also one of the few countries that might be able to convince North Korea to move away from the current showdown with the United States that threatens war. The ministers, meeting in Havana, called for  respect for peoples  sovereignty  and  the peaceful settlement of disputes,  according to a statement released by the Cuban foreign ministry.  They strongly rejected the unilateral and arbitrary lists and designations established by the U.S. government which serve as a basis for the implementation of coercive measures which are contrary to international law,  the statement said. U.S. President Donald Trump has also increased pressure on Cuba since taking office, rolling back a fragile detente begun by predecessor Barack Obama and returning to the hostile rhetoric of the Cold War. A U.S. State Department official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that the United States had made clear it wanted a peaceful resolution to the North Korean nuclear issue.  The DPRK s belligerent and provocative behavior demonstrates it has no interest in working toward a peaceful solution,  the official said. DPRK stands for North Korea s official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. Cuba said in the statement the Cuban and North Korean foreign ministers had  expressed concern about the escalation of tensions  on the Korean peninsula.  The ministers discussed the respective efforts carried out in the construction of socialism according to the realities inherent to their respective countries.  Cuba and North Korea are the last in the world to maintain Soviet-style command economies, though under President Raul Castro, the Caribbean nation has taken some small steps toward the more market-oriented communism of China and Vietnam. Cuba maintains an embassy in North Korea, but publicly trades almost exclusively with the South. Last year, trade with the latter was $67 million and with the North just $9 million, according to the Cuban government. North Korea defends its weapons programs as a necessary defense against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, denies any such intentions. ",1
14092,Exclusive: India pares back planned funding for crucial public health scheme,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India has approved a three-year budget for its flagship public health program almost 20 percent lower than what the health ministry said was needed, according to sources and previously unreported government documents reviewed by Reuters.  The federal finance ministry in August renewed the National Health Mission with $20 billion of funding between 2017-20, against the health ministry s estimated requirement of $25 billion, the documents showed.  Officials familiar with the plan said the finance ministry reduced planned funding because of other spending priorities and because of state governments  poor track record of spending the health budgets they ve been allotted in the past. The finance and health ministries did not respond to several requests for comment.  The National Health Mission is one of the world s largest health programs and forms the backbone of public services in India. It provides everything from free drugs to immunization services to millions of rural poor. Prime Minister Narendra Modi s government has hiked federal funding for the overall health budget this year as part of a plan to improve care and meet a 2025 goal of raising health expenditure to 2.5 percent of GDP from the current 1.15 percent.  The National Health Mission typically accounts for about half of the federal health budget and officials said the lower spending approval would make achieving the government s 2025 target more difficult.  NON-COMMUNICABLE DISEASES  After focusing on maternal and child health for years, the program had planned to broaden its priorities to tackle the rising threat of non-communicable diseases (NCDs).  Faced with the lower funding, the health ministry has reduced its three-year allocation to tackle NCDs such as cancer and diabetes to $1.4 billion, close to half of the estimated need of $2.4 billion, the documents showed.  The Lancet, a British medical journal, last week said NCDs caused a disease burden in India  like never before . More than 60 percent of deaths in the country during 2016 were due to non-communicable diseases, up from about 38 percent in 1990, according to the publication.  While funding for such diseases up to 2020 will be higher than in recent years, the lower-than-planned approved funding will slow government efforts to tackle these diseases, two government officials said.  The cutbacks in NCDs (spending) are dangerous ... this can potentially stall the NCD screening and management plan,  said Oommen C. Kurian, a health researcher at the New Delhi-based think-tank Observer Research Foundation. India this year introduced free NCD screening for patients in 100 districts, with plans to eventually cover the country. Beyond non-communicable diseases, spending on strengthening the health system - such as improving district hospitals and patient transport services - will be an estimated $4.3 billion between 2017-20, a third lower than the ministry s request. Planned funding for immunization will be $2.9 billion versus $3.2 billion requested. The spending breakdown for different schemes will be finalised once the health ministry is allocated funding in India s annual budget.      Modi s government has taken steps to improve public healthcare including a 27 percent budget hike this year to $7 billion, accompanied by cuts to prices of critical medical devices and drugs. Shamika Ravi, a health expert at Brookings India, said Modi s government was also pursuing  fundamental structural reforms  to improve healthcare, such as the ranking of district hospitals and empowering state medical officers.  There is a lot of background work happening,  said Ravi, who is also on Modi s economic advisory council.  However, critics say more needs to be done to address the underfunded and overburdened public health system. Some 900,000 children in India died before turning five in 2016, the highest in the world, The Lancet estimates. In March, health officials faced criticism from other government departments for the National Health Mission s inefficiencies and were asked to rework the renewal proposal for 2017-20 after they drew up spending estimates of $33 billion.  The health ministry revised the cost to nearly $25 billion, but the finance ministry reduced estimates by another $5 billion while approving the plan, the documents showed. The estimates were pared back because Modi s government has other priorities and because the finance ministry wants to control spending as it seeks to balance fiscal deficit targets while boosting growth, several government officials aware of the process said.  It s about political priorities - you have programs on roads, on infrastructure, on ports,  said one of the officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity. The government is also concerned states do not have the governance capacity to spend large health budgets efficiently, officials said. A shortage of workers, bureaucratic bungling and slow procurement processes have plagued the states  health systems. More than $1.4 billion in health budgets was unspent by states by 2015-16, India s federal auditor said earlier this year. ",1
14093,China's internet regulator denounces its former chief now under investigation,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s internet regulator had said it will purge the  evil influence  of its former top official who the ruling Communist Party has put under investigation for suspected corruption. The official, Lu Wei, was suspected of serious discipline breaches, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) announced on Tuesday.  Lu, a colorful and often brash official by Chinese standards, was at the height of his power seen as emblematic of China s increasingly pervasive internet controls. The Communist Party referred to him as the  first tiger  taken down after a congress in October, when President Xi Jinping pledged that his anti-graft campaign would continue to target both  tigers  and  flies , a reference to elite officials and ordinary bureaucrats. Lu s former agency, the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), held a meeting on Wednesday in which it called its former chief  a typical two-faced person  who had  seriously polluted  its political environment.  Lu Wei cannot represent CAC s image. He precisely undermined CAC s image,  the agency said in statement published late on Wednesday. The CAC would  draw profound lessons  from Lu s breaches and  thoroughly purge Lu s evil influence , it said. The CCDI said in a separate commentary on its website on Thursday that the investigation of Lu was a potent sign that the party would not let up on its fight against wayward officials.  One must not think that no one will ask today about yesterday s crimes,  the CCDI said. It was  nonsense  to think the party would  let bygones be bygones , it said. Xi has waged war against deep-rooted corruption since taking office five years ago, punishing hundreds of thousands of officials. Lu worked his way up though China s official Xinhua news agency before becoming head of propaganda in Beijing and then moving to internet work in 2013. He later became a deputy propaganda minister. But his downfall, foreshadowed by his June 2016 replacement as head of the internet regulator and the loss of his other posts, is unlikely to signal a reversal of internet control policies, which have been tightened under his successor, Xu Lin. The government has blocked sites it thinks could challenge party rule or threaten stability, including sites such as Facebook and Google s main search engine and Gmail service. ",1
14094,China tells Myanmar military it wants closer ties,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China wants closer ties with Myanmar s military to help protect regional peace and security, a senior Chinese general told the visiting head of the southeast Asian country s army. China and Myanmar have had close diplomatic and economic ties for years, including increasingly in the strategically important oil and gas sectors, and China has offered its support to its southern neighbor, also known as Burma, throughout a crisis over its treatment of its Rohingya Muslim minority. More than 600,000 Rohingya have fled from Buddhist-majority Myanmar s Rakhine State, most to neighboring Bangladesh, since a Myanmar military crackdown in response to attacks on the security forces by Rohingya insurgents in August. The United States on Wednesday for the first time called the Myanmar military operation against the Rohingya  ethnic cleansing  and threatened targeted sanctions against those responsible for  horrendous atrocities . Meeting in Beijing, Li Zuocheng, who sits on China s Central Military Commission, which runs its armed forces, told Senior General Min Aung Hlaing that China s development and prosperity were an important opportunity for Myanmar s development, China s Defense Ministry said in a statement.  In the face of a complex and changeable regional security situation, China is willing to maintain strategic communication between the two countries  militaries,  Li was cited as saying in the statement issued late on Wednesday. China wanted greater contacts between the two armed forces and deeper training and technical exchanges and to promote border defense cooperation to ensure peace and stability along their common border, Li added. China has been angered by fighting between Myanmar s military and autonomy-seeking ethnic minority rebels close to the Chinese border in recent years, which has at times forced thousands of villagers to flee into China. The Chinese ministry made no direct mention of the Rohingya issue in the statement. China built close ties with Myanmar s generals during years of military rule, when Western countries imposed sanctions on Myanmar for its suppression of the democracy movement. More recently, their ties have included oil and gas as Myanmar pumps natural gas from the Bay of Bengal to China. A new oil pipeline, opened this year, also feeds Middle East crude through Myanmar to a new refinery in Yunnan, southwest China. This has opened a new oil supply route to China, avoiding the Strait of Malacca and Singapore. The United States and other Western countries have stepped up engagement with Myanmar since the military began handing power to civilians in 2011, and especially since former democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi won a 2015 election. But an international outcry over Myanmar s violations of the rights of the Rohingya has raised questions in Western countries about that engagement. Rights group Amnesty International has called for a comprehensive arms embargo against Myanmar as well as targeted financial sanctions against senior Myanmar military officials. China s Defense Ministry cited Min Aung Hlaing as thanking China for its support in helping Myanmar ensure domestic stability. ",1
14095,China must enhance protection of intellectual property rights: Premier Li,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - It is strategically important for China s economy that the country enhances protection of intellectual property rights, the state news agency Xinhua quoted Premier Li Keqiang as saying, as the cabinet promised to improve regulations. Inadequate protection of intellectual property had contributed to the decline in private investment, he added. Companies and foreign business lobbies have often accused China of doing too little to rein in risks related to intellectual property rights, despite having anti-piracy laws. To protect these rights better, the State Council, or cabinet, said the government would look into punitive fines for infringements.  The cabinet plans to increase costs for those caught infringing on intellectual property rights, and will make rights protection more affordable, Xinhua said. Private businesses will enjoy equal rights similar to public sector companies, it quoted a statement following a cabinet meeting chaired by Li as saying.  Enhancing the protection of intellectual property rights is a matter of overall strategic significance, and it is vital for the development of the socialist market economy,  Li said.  Deficiency in (property rights protection) is a main cause for the slide in private investment... The wider opening up of the country calls for enhancing IPR protection.  The cabinet vowed to  clear, revise or abolish  regulations or documents that were contradictory to the 2007 Property Rights Law and 2016 guidelines on improving property rights protection.  Wayward and arbitrary  law enforcement would be strictly prevented, it added.IPR law enforcement will be channeled towards cases related to the internet, exports and imports, as well as rural and urban areas, where counterfeiting is rampant.  ",1
14096,South Korea considers scrapping exercise with U.S. for Olympics: Yonhap,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea is considering scrapping a regular military exercise with U.S. forces next year to minimize the risk of an aggressive North Korean reaction during the Winter Olympics in the South, the Yonhap news agency reported on Thursday. North Korea denounces regular military exercises between South Korean and U.S. forces as preparations to invade it, and it has at times conducted missile tests or taken other aggressive action in response. The Winter Olympics will be held in South Korea from Feb. 9 to Feb. 25, with the Paralympics on March 8-18. The South s Yonhap news agency, citing an unidentified South Korean presidential office official, said the option of scrapping the exercise had been considered for  a very long time . The Blue House presidential office said in a statement no decision has been made on the exercise. Officials at the defense ministry declined to comment.  The South Korean and U.S. militaries usually hold a military exercise in March and April called Key Resolve and Foal Eagle, which involves about 17,000 U.S. troops and more than 300,000 South Koreans. South Korea is hopeful that North Korean participation in the games could help improve their fraught relations. The South has said any North Korean athletes who are eligible for the competition would be welcome. A North Korean figure skating pair has qualified to compete but their participation has not been confirmed. Tension on the Korean peninsula has been high for the past year with North Korea developing its nuclear weapons and missiles in defiance of international condemnation and U.N. sanctions. While North Korea has not conducted any tests over the past two months, it has repeatedly vowed to never give up the weapons it deems it needs to protect itself against what it sees as U.S. aggression.  ",1
14097,Canada data shows 10 percent of Haitian border crossers get refugee status,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada has granted refugee status to about 10 percent of the 298 Haitian border crossers whose applications have been processed this year, according to government data released on Wednesday.  That could bode ill for the 6,000 Haitians still in the refugee queue who illegally crossed the Canada-U.S. border by foot fearing that U.S. President Donald Trump would revoke their Temporary Protected Status.  And it may discourage more from illegally crossing into Canada after the U.S. government on Monday said it would end protected status for nearly 60,000 Haitians living in the United States in July 2019. Of the 298 Haitian applications processed so far this year, 68 were abandoned by the asylum seekers, which means they did not turn up for their hearings, the data released from the Immigration and Refugee Board showed. Another 62 withdrew their applications, according to the data from the quasi-judicial body whose tribunals determine refugee claims.  Montreal-based refugee lawyer Eric Taillefer said he thinks the Haitians who already made the border crossing did not understand Canadian laws on granting asylum.  They don t understand the evidence threshold, they don t understand, maybe, the definition of a refugee,  he said. The Canadian government has dispatched parliamentarians to talk to U.S. diaspora communities and dispel myths around Canada s immigration and refugee systems. Haiti-born politician Emmanuel Dubourg was in New York City this week. The high rates of abandoned claims could be because asylum seekers had trouble navigating the system and were not aware they needed to show up at a hearing, Taillefer said. Haitians are among some 17,000 asylum seekers who have walked across the border into Canada so far this year. Border crossers from other countries fared better, with 46 percent of Nigerian claims accepted, and 94 percent of Turkish people and 88 percent of Syrians approved. The stream of people crossing the border has eased since August, when there were hundreds each day, but Canadian authorities are planning for more people in the winter months.  The federal government is paying a Quebec company C$1.2 million to set up heated trailers to accommodate up to 200 people at a temporary encampment where asylum seekers have been staying while they await processing by the Canada Border Services Agency. ",1
14098,"Waiting for May, Brussels eyes December Brexit deal","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - When Theresa May visits Brussels on Friday, EU negotiators will be listening intently for signs the British prime minister is preparing to risk a domestic backlash and raise her offer to secure a Brexit deal in December. European Union officials and diplomats from the other 27 member states involved in the process hope that within a week to 10 days of meeting European Council President Donald Tusk, during a summit with ex-Soviet neighbors, May will deliver movement on three key conditions so that her EU peers can launch a new phase of Brexit negotiations when they meet on Dec. 14-15.  I don t know what room for maneuver May has, but what we can see is a willingness to act,  one senior EU official told Reuters. Another spoke of efforts to arrange the  choreography  of a deal over the next three weeks, including a possible EU-UK  joint report  on interim accords to unlock talks on trade.  I feel the tectonic plates moving now,  a diplomat handling Brexit for an EU government said.  Time is running out and a failure in the December Council would serve nobody s purpose.  There has been only a day of top-level talks between the two lead negotiators since a mid-October summit that dismissed May s call for immediate talks on a future trade agreement.  But talks are continuing apace behind the scenes, participants say, ahead of a deadline of early December to strike a deal which can then be fully formalized by the 27 government leaders at the summit. Hopes have been raised by reports in British media that May has secured backing from pro-Brexit hardliners in her cabinet to increase the amount of a financial settlement of what Britain owes to the Union when it leaves in March 2019.   If there is a political willingness in Britain, we should be ready,  a senior EU official said, while warning that nothing was being taken for granted.  May s room for maneuver to cut a deal that would please business while irritating Britons who want a sharper break with Brussels is limited. And Germany and France, the Union s lead powers have taken a tough line so far. With German Chancellor Angela Merkel distracted at home by a search for a new coalition, May can expect little focus from her to help smooth a deal, several diplomats said, leaving it quite possible that December will not see an end to deadlock.   That would create some kind of crisis in negotiations,  the second EU official said, noting that time was already short to complete a treaty by late next year to ensure an orderly Brexit.  But maybe that is necessary.  EU negotiator Michel Barnier, who met Tusk on Wednesday to prepare Tusk s Friday meeting with May, had been expected to hold a formal round of talks with British Brexit Secretary David Davis in the week starting Dec. 4.  But EU officials say planning is all still up in the air. There could be a high-level meeting as soon as next week, possibly on Friday, Dec. 1, one said. The sides already believe they are quite close on agreeing the scope of rights for expatriate citizens in Britain and on the continent, though the EU will be particularly looking to pin Britain down to accepting its demands that any agreement be subject to enforcement through the Union s legal system. The third key criterion for moving to Phase Two, an outline agreement on how to avoid the new EU-UK land border disrupting the peace in Northern Ireland, remains a potential stumbling block. Differences of opinion between London and Dublin have been marked this month, worrying EU officials. However, it is the financial settlement that has been the most concern for the past few months and that, they believe, could be resolved by a combination of May stating clearly that Britain will pay a share after leaving of two major EU budget lines, staff pensions and agreed but undisbursed spending. British press reports, seen in Brussels as planted leaks from May s team, suggesting she might offer to pay something like 40 billion pounds ($53 billion) have encouraged EU negotiators.  While that is well short of the 60 billion euros ($71 billion) the European Commission has mentioned, that was always seen by EU officials as a maximum demand. And they are willing, they say, to help May massage the public messaging of the amount in order to limit the political flak she takes at home.  On presentational issues, Barnier is ready to help, not to call things by their real name,  an EU official said. ",1
14099,British urged to map out post-Brexit future for lawyers,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain needs to set out plans to make sure its lawyers can keep working across Europe after Brexit, a lobby group said on Thursday. TheCityUK said Britain s withdrawal from the European Union should also not threaten the international dominance of English law and the prospects of an industry that generated 31.5 billion pounds ($42 billion) in revenue last year. The group, which lobbies for financial and legal services firms, said it was urging the government  to do everything it can to make sure Brexit does not act as a barrier to future growth opportunities but as a stimulant.   This includes the need to secure mutual market access to enable UK-based practitioners to continue to represent clients in EU jurisdictions.  The government needed to give details on how it planned to convert EU rules governing the industry into domestic law, and the process for signing up to international conventions. Legal services make up 1.5 percent of the UK economy and employ more than 311,000 people, TheCityUK said in a report on the industry.  More than 200 foreign law firms have set up shop in London and English law is used in 40 percent of global corporate arbitrations, it added.  The choice of English law for global commercial contracts is in part driven by the UK s reputation as the leading center for international dispute resolution,  the report said.  But others are waiting in the wings. The German Federal State of Hesse promoted a conference earlier this year that looked at how Brexit provided an opportunity for Frankfurt to become a new litigation hub in Europe. ($1 = 0.7560 pounds) ",1
14100,Kremlin pledges to stand up for Russian billionaire arrested in France,"MOSCOW/PARIS (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Wednesday it will spare no effort to defend the rights of Suleiman Kerimov, a Russian businessman and lawmaker who was arrested in the French Riviera resort of Nice in connection with a French tax evasion case. Shares in Polyus, Russia s biggest gold producer which is controlled by Kerimov s family, were down on the news of his detention.  The 51-year-old billionaire would be presented to a judge with a view to formally placing him under judicial investigation, a French public prosecutor said in Nice on Wednesday. Under France s legal system, being formally placed under investigation often, but not always, leads to a person being sent to trial.   We will do everything in our power to protect his lawful interests,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters.  Intensive work is now being undertaken by the foreign ministry.      A representative for Kerimov in the upper house of parliament, where he sits as a lawmaker, declined to comment on the case on Wednesday when contacted by Reuters. Polyus declined to comment. Russia s state-run Rossiya 24 TV station, citing an unnamed source, reported that Kerimov had denied any guilt. In the lower house of parliament, lawmaker Rizvan Kurbanov asked the Russian foreign ministry to make representations on Kerimov s behalf with the French authorities.  We have still not received from the French authorities any explanation of the reasons for the detention of our colleague,  Kurbanov told parliament.  All this testifies to an unprecedented demarche by the French,  he said, adding that he hoped the Russian foreign ministry would issue a formal protest. Shares in Polyus were down by more than 3 percent in early trade in Moscow but since then recovered some ground to trade at minus 2.3 percent by 1342 GMT. Originally from the mainly Muslim Russian region of Dagestan, Kerimov built his multi-billion natural resources business through a combination of debt, an appetite for risk, and political connections. He owned top flight soccer club Anzhi Makhachkala until he sold it in 2016. Kerimov s fortune peaked at $17.5 billion in 2008 before slumping to just $3 billion in 2009, according to Forbes magazine, due to so-called margin-calls on his assets triggered by the 2008 global financial crisis. In March this year, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a decree giving Kerimov the state award  For Services to the Fatherland, second class  for his contribution to Russian parliamentary life. French police arrested Kerimov at Nice airport on Monday evening. A French judicial source said the investigation centered on the purchase of several luxury residences on the French Riviera via shell companies, something that would have enabled Kerimov to reduce taxes owed to the French state.  ",1
14101,Russian billionaire under investigation in France,"NICE/MOSCOW (Reuters) - A French judge put Russian businessman and lawmaker Suleiman Kerimov, whose interests the Kremlin has pledged to defend, under formal investigation on Wednesday after his arrest linked to a French tax evasion case, the prosecutor said. The investigation, a step that often but not always leads to a trial in the French legal system, was opened on suspicion of aggravated laundering of tax fraud proceeds, a crime that carries a prison sentence of up to 10 years. The judge decided that Kerimov could be released from detention but had to turn in his passport and could not leave the Alpes-Maritime county Nice is in. He was also ordered to post a bail of five million euros ($5.9 million) and to check in with police several times per week. The Kremlin said earlier that it would spare no effort to defend the rights of Kerimov, a 51-year-old billionaire who was arrested Monday night in the French Riviera resort city of Nice. Shares in Polyus, Russia s biggest gold producer which is controlled by Kerimov s family, fell on the news of his detention.  We will do everything in our power to protect his lawful interests,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters.  Intensive work is now being undertaken by the foreign ministry.  The prosecution requested that Kerimov be kept in custody and a decision by a judge was expected soon. A second person was also put under formal investigation. A representative for Kerimov in the upper house of Russia s parliament, where he sits as a lawmaker, declined to comment on the case on Wednesday when contacted by Reuters. Polyus also declined to comment. Russia s state-run Rossiya 24 TV station, citing an unnamed source, reported that Kerimov had denied any guilt. It was not immediately clear if a lawyer had been hired to represent Kerimov in France. In the lower house of parliament, lawmaker Rizvan Kurbanov asked the Russian foreign ministry to make representations on Kerimov s behalf with the French authorities.  We have still not received from the French authorities any explanation of the reasons for the detention of our colleague,  Kurbanov told parliament.  All this testifies to an unprecedented demarche by the French,  he said, adding that he hoped the Russian foreign ministry would issue a formal protest. Shares in Polyus fell more than 3 percent in early trade in Moscow on Wednesday but then recovered some ground to close down 1.25 percent. Originally from the mainly Muslim Russian region of Dagestan, Kerimov built his lucrative natural resources business through a combination of debt, an appetite for risk, and political connections. He owned top flight soccer club Anzhi Makhachkala until he sold it in 2016. Kerimov s fortune peaked at $17.5 billion in 2008 before slumping to just $3 billion in 2009, according to Forbes magazine, due to so-called margin calls on his assets triggered by the 2007-2009 global financial crisis. In March this year, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a decree giving Kerimov the state award  For Services to the Fatherland, second class  for his contribution to Russian parliamentary life. French police arrested Kerimov at Nice airport on Monday evening. A French judicial source said the investigation centered on the purchase of several luxury residences on the French Riviera via shell companies, something that could have enabled Kerimov to reduce taxes owed to the French state. ($1 = 0.8465 euros) ",1
14102,Chinese police detain seven in multi-billion underground currency scheme,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Police in southern China have detained seven people in connection with an underground banking scheme involving more than 20 billion yuan ($3 billion), the state news agency Xinhua reported. From a suspicious bank account in Shaoguan, a city in Guangdong province, the investigation snowballed to involve a suspected 10,000 people and 148 accounts across more than 20 provinces, Xinhua reported. The suspects allegedly profited from changes in the exchange rates for yuan and Hong Kong dollars, it said without giving details. The yuan, or renminbi, is not fully convertible and the government limits the amount of foreign currency to which individuals and businesses in China have access, which has given rise to networks of underground money changers and banks.  ($1 = 6.6086 Chinese yuan renminbi)  ",1
14103,Missing Argentine submarine highlights years of military underfunding,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - The search for an Argentine submarine missing in the South Atlantic for more than a week has highlighted the dwindling resources and lack of training faced by the armed forces since the end of a military dictatorship in the early 1980s.  As South America s second-largest economy has lurched from one crisis to the next in recent decades, military funding has not been a priority for cash-strapped governments, and an incident like the disappearance of the ARA San Juan was a problem in the making, military and political analysts said.    Human rights violations perpetrated by the dictatorship broke the bond between society and the armed forces,  said Andrei Serbin Pont, research director at the CRIES think tank in Buenos Aires. He said a rethinking of the military s role in society was long overdue.   The majority of Argentines don t really care about the armed forces, therefore politicians aren t particularly interested in maintaining any sort of military policy or defense policy,  he said. Since the loss of the Falklands War to Britain in 1982 and the fall of the dictatorship the following year, military spending has fallen from 2.16 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) to a low of 0.87 percent in 2011, according to World Bank data.  While it inched up to 0.96 percent of GDP last year, spending remains well behind neighboring Brazil and Chile, which spent 1.3 percent and 1.9 percent of GDP on their militaries, respectively, the data show. It is too early to determine the cause of the disappearance of the ARA San Juan, and an intense search and rescue effort continued on Wednesday. But Argentina s submarine fleet has been among the areas of the military most plagued by a lack of funds.  In 2014, the fleet spent a total of just 19 hours submerged, versus the 190 days needed  for the fulfillment of operational and training needs,  according to a May 2016 report by specialist publication Jane s Sentinel.   The fact that you had so little use of the submarines was an indication that clearly they were a problem waiting to happen,  said Evan Ellis, a research professor focusing on Latin America at the U.S. Army War College Strategic Studies Institute. President Mauricio Macri pledged to improve the 26,000-strong armed forces  capabilities during his campaign in 2015. His administration s 2016  State of the State  report noted that 70 percent of the Defense Ministry s budget was spent on wages and pensions, rather than investment.  The conditions in which they work are practically impossible. I m talking about all the armed forces,  Elisa Carrio, a key member of Macri s Let s Change coalition, said in a recent television interview.  But since taking office in December 2015, Macri has not markedly improved the financing situation. The 2018 budget calls for a 14 percent increase in funding for the Defense Ministry, below inflation expected at 15.7 percent. In March, then-Defense Minister Julio Martinez told Reuters Argentina lacked money to buy aircraft or replace an aging fleet. The German-built ARA San Juan was launched in 1983 and underwent a local upgrade beginning in 2008 which included the replacement of its four diesel engines and its electric propeller engines, according to Jane s Sentinel. Shortly before giving its last location on Nov. 15, the submarine reported an electrical outage. Concerns about the state of the vessel surfaced when video was published by newspaper Perfil of a tense meeting between Macri and relatives of some of the 44 crew members.  Does someone have to die for things to change? Could you not have invested in this before?  one sailor s wife was recorded telling Macri. Macri said the ship s level of maintenance, not its age, was what mattered, and that authorities were convinced the submarine was in good condition. Argentine news media have reported that the search has sparked friction between the navy and the defense ministry, with civilian authorities concerned that the military has not been forthcoming with information. Navy officials have denied this. A ministry source, who was not authorized to speak publicly,  told Reuters the ministry has opened an investigation into the incident and has not ruled out criminal charges once the search operation is complete. ",1
14104,Russia-hosted summit could be decisive for Syria peace: Erdogan,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - A three-way summit on Wednesday between the leaders of Russia, Iran and Turkey could produce decisive steps toward ending the bloodshed in Syria, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said at the start of their talks. The summit, hosted by Russian President Vladimir Putin, is a rare occasion bringing together the leaders of Russia and Iran   who back Syria s President Bashar al-Assad   around a table with Erdogan, who has supported Assad s opponents. In opening remarks at the summit in the southern Russian resort of Sochi, Putin, Erdogan and Iran s President Hassan Rouhani spoke of an opening for peace in Syria now that Islamic State has been pushed out of its last major stronghold there.  The point we have reached is important, but not enough,  Erdogan told the gathering, also attended by military commanders and foreign ministers from the three countries.  It is critical for all parties to contribute to a permanent and acceptable political solution for the people of Syria,  he said.  This summit is aimed at results, I believe critical decisions will be taken.  As a prelude to the summit, Putin earlier this week hosted Assad at his residence in Sochi. It was the only time the Syrian leader is known to have left Syria since his last visit to Russia, two years ago. Putin also made telephone calls in the past 24 hours to other leaders with influence in Syria, including U.S. President Donald Trump and Saudi Arabia s King Salman, as part of Moscow s drive to build an international consensus over a peace deal to end the six-year conflict.  We can say with certainty that we have reached a new stage, opening up the possibility to launch a real political process towards a peace deal,  Putin told the gathering.  Compromises and concessions will be needed on all sides ... including (from) the Syrian government,  Putin said. He said the focus of peace efforts should be the convocation of a congress bringing together all of Syria s ethnic groups. Russia has offered to host such a congress in Sochi, but attempts to agree a date have so far foundered, in part because Turkey raised objections to the presence of some Kurdish groups. Iran s Rouhani used his remarks at the summit to rail against the presence of foreign forces in Syria, an apparent reference to the United States and Tehran s arch regional rival Saudi Arabia, which alongside Turkey have backed Assad s foes.  There is no excuse for the presence of foreign troops in Syria without the approval of its legitimate government,  Rouhani said.  The Syrian nation will not allow any interference of foreigners in their state affairs and will confront any move that harms Syria s integrity, independence and unity,  he said. Iran s military is also present in Syria, alongside Russian troops and Hezbollah, the pro-Iran Lebanese militia. They say that does not amount to foreign interference because they are in Syria at Assad s invitation.      ",1
14105,"Arab states blacklist Islamist groups, individuals in Qatar boycott","DUBAI (Reuters) - The four Arab countries boycotting Qatar added 11 more individuals and two other entities, including a major group of Islamist scholars, to their  terrorist  blacklists for the Gulf state, Saudi state news agency SPA reported on Thursday. The lists now include the Qatar-based International Union of Muslim Scholars (IUMS) which was formed in 2004 mostly by clerics belonging to the Muslim Brotherhood and is chaired by the influential Sheikh Youssef al-Qaradawi.  A statement issued by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Bahrain said they also blacklisted the International Islamic Council (IIC).   The two entities listed are two terrorist organizations that promote terrorism by using Islamic rhetoric as a cover to facilitate terrorist activities,  the statement said. The move deepened the rift between the four countries and Qatar, the world s top gas exporter and host to the biggest U.S. military base in the Middle East. The countries cut ties with Qatar in June, accusing it of financing militants in Syria and allying with Iran, their regional foe. The Saudi-led quartet also added 11 individuals to their lists, including the acting Brotherhood leader Mahmoud Ezzat Ibrahim. The Muslim Brotherhood movement led the Arab Spring protests in 2011 that toppled some autocrats in the Middle East and North Africa. The Gulf States  rulers see the group, whose political ideology challenges the principle of dynastic rule, as a security threat. The IUMS membership includes the Saudi cleric Salman al-Awdah, who was arrested by Saudi authorities in September, the Tunisian Rached Ghannouchi, head of the Ennahda party, and Moroccan scholar Ahmed Raissouni. Mediation efforts of the Qatar crisis led by Kuwait and shuttle diplomacy by Western officials, including U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, have failed to end what has become the worst rift between Gulf Arab states in years. ",1
14106,Argentine navy says unusual noise heard on day sub disappeared,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - An unusual noise was detected last week on the day an Argentine submarine went missing, near its last reported position, navy spokesman Enrique Balbi told reporters on Wednesday. Pressed by reporters on the nature of the detected sound, Balbi declined to say whether it indicated an explosion or other emergency aboard the ARA San Juan, which was last heard from on Nov. 15.  ",1
14107,U.S. pressed Saudis to ease Yemen blockade: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson asked Saudi Arabia to ease its blockade of Yemen, two sources said, just days before the Saudi-led military coalition announced on Wednesday it would let aid flow through the Yemeni port of Hodeidah and allow U.N. flights to the capital.  It was not clear if pressure from Washington was the direct cause of the Saudi change of heart but the request from Tillerson to Saudi Arabia s crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, was one of several U.S. attempts this month to have Riyadh soften its hawkish foreign policy.  Tillerson asked for a loosening of the blockade on Yemen during a roughly 45-minute phone call at the beginning of this week, according to a source familiar with the matter who spoke on condition of anonymity. R.C. Hammond, a top adviser to Tillerson, confirmed the exchange with Prince Mohammed. The secretary of state  has brought the request to (the) Saudis  attention several times over the past months,  he added.      The Trump administration, according to U.S. officials and a European diplomat, also pressed the Saudis to allow Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri to return to Beirut after he flew to Riyadh on Nov.4 and abruptly announced his resignation. The efforts to take the edge off Saudi Arabia s foreign policy reflect growing U.S. concern about Riyadh s direction despite high-profile attempts by President Donald Trump to improve relations with the longtime U.S. ally.              Publicly, Trump, his top aides and senior Saudi officials have hailed what they say is a major improvement in U.S.-Saudi ties compared with relations under former President Barack Obama, who upset the Saudis by sealing a nuclear deal with their arch-foe Iran. Privately, however, U.S. diplomats and intelligence analysts   express growing dismay over Riyadh s foreign policy, especially toward Yemen and Lebanon, as Saudi Arabia aims to contain Iranian influence.      It is my understanding that the administration is frustrated. There has been of course varying degrees of frustration from different members of the administration,  U.S. Senator Todd Young said of the situation in Yemen.  Young, a Republican member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, spoke before the Saudi-led military coalition s decision was announced on Wednesday.         The coalition, which is fighting Houthi rebels, said it would allow humanitarian aid access through Hodeidah and U. N. flights to the capital Sanaa, more than two weeks after blockading the country to stop the flow of arms from Iran. Yemen, in civil war and under bombardment by a Saudi-led coalition, faces a deep humanitarian crisis and aid workers warn of famine if the blockade were not lifted.                   A senior Saudi official told Reuters that even before Tillerson and Prince Mohammed spoke recently, senior White House officials had communicated to the Saudi ambassador in Washington the importance of taking those two steps.  They stressed the importance of addressing the humanitarian situation in Yemen and we said that we understood and that the closures were temporary while we work on a comprehensive aid and access plan,  the official said. An administration official, speaking on condition of anonymity, confirmed that White House and National Security Council officials worked on easing the blockade with senior Saudi officials, including Prince Mohammed and his younger brother Khalid, the Saudi ambassador to the United States.    Much of the U.S.-Saudi relationship, multiple U.S. officials say, is conducted in a tight circle and led by Trump s son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, who has established a direct channel with Prince Mohammed. Kushner  did not oppose  the pressure on the Saudis and United Arab Emirates to ease humanitarian suffering in Yemen, said one U.S. official. But the official added:  In no way does this change the position that Jared and the Crown Prince evidently share that the main objective is reversing Iranian influence in Yemen and elsewhere.         On Lebanon, the U.S. message to Saudi Arabia about Hariri was conveyed in statements by Tillerson and in private conversations between U.S. and Saudi officials. Those officials included the Saudi state minister for Gulf affairs, Thamer al-Sabhan, who was in Washington recently, a senior administration official said.  We ve encouraged...the Saudis that it will be good for Lebanon s political stability for Hariri to return back to Beirut as soon as is practical,  the official said last week.     Hariri has since returned to Lebanon and shelved his decision to resign as prime minister, easing a crisis that had deepened tensions in the Middle East. Top Lebanese officials have said Saudi Arabia forced Hariri to quit and held him in the kingdom. Riyadh and Hariri deny this. ",1
14108,Palestinian factions agree to hold general election by end-2018,"GAZA/CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinian factions, including rival groups Hamas and Fatah, have agreed to hold a general election by the end of 2018, a joint statement by several groups said on Wednesday following talks in Cairo. Hamas and Fatah signed a reconciliation deal in October in Cairo-backed talks after Hamas agreed to hand over administrative control of Gaza, including the key Rafah border crossing, a decade after seizing the enclave in a civil war. The Palestinian groups in Cairo said they would defer the choice of a final date for the general election to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. The Western-backed mainstream Fatah party lost control of Gaza to Hamas, considered a terrorist group by many in the West and by Israel, in fighting in 2007. But last month Hamas agreed to cede powers in Gaza to Abbas  Fatah-backed government in a deal mediated by Egypt. Salah Al-Bardaweel, a Hamas official involved in the talks, called Wednesday s agreement  vague  and expressed concern that it was unable to progress on key issues such as lifting sanctions imposed by Abbas and secure full opening of the crossing between Gaza and Egypt.  The talks also failed to address security responsibilities in Gaza, which have so far remained in the hands of Hamas-backed security services. Abbas has said previously that upon assuming control of Gaza he would move to lift sanctions imposed on the impoverished enclave that have included power cuts and salary reductions of 30 percent to some 60,000 Gazans employed by his Palestinian Authority.  We worked hard to reach practical results ... such as opening crossings and lifting the sanctions and advancing the issue of reconciliation but unfortunately it did not happen,  said Bardaweel. Azzam Al-Ahmed, head of Fatah s delegation to the Cairo talks, said his group insisted Hamas completes full handover of Gaza control to the government by Dec 1. He added that another meeting with Hamas will be held later in December to evaluate further reconciliation steps.  Palestinian officials said Egypt is expected to send a security delegation to Gaza in the coming days to oversee the implementation of the agreement. ",1
14109,"Lebanon's PM Hariri shelves resignation, easing crisis","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri on Wednesday shelved his decision to resign as prime minister at the request of President Michel Aoun, easing a crisis that had deepened tensions in the Middle East. Hariri made his announcement after returning to Beirut for the first time since he quit abruptly on Nov. 4 in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia. Top Lebanese officials have said Riyadh forced him to quit and held him in the kingdom. Riyadh and Hariri deny this. At the presidential palace near Beirut, Hariri said he hoped his move would lead to  a responsible dialogue...that deals with divisive issues and their repercussions on Lebanon s relations with Arab brothers.  Hariri said all Lebanese sides must commit to keeping the country out of regional conflicts, a reference to the Iran-backed Hezbollah political and military movement. Hezbollah s regional military role has greatly alarmed Saudi Arabia, Hariri s long-time ally.  I presented today my resignation to President Aoun and he urged me to wait before offering it and to hold onto it for more dialogue about its reasons and political background, and I showed responsiveness,  he said in a televised statement. The resignation had shocked even Hariri s aides. He returned to Lebanon late on Tuesday night after French intervention. Aoun, a political ally of Hezbollah, had refused to accept the resignation because it happened in  mysterious circumstances  abroad. He had called Hariri a hostage in Riyadh. Hariri appeared to express relief that Aoun had not accepted the resignation right away. He thanked Aoun on Wednesday for respecting constitutional norms and  his rejection of departing from them under any circumstances .    The resignation pitched Lebanon to the forefront of the regional rivalry between Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Islamist Iran, which backs Lebanon s Hezbollah, and raised concerns of a protracted crisis. In his resignation speech, Hariri had cited fear of assassination, and attacked Iran along with Hezbollah for sowing strife in the Arab world. Hundreds of Hariri supporters packed the streets near his house in central Beirut, waving the blue flag of his Future Movement political party. The Sunni leader told them he would  stay with (them)... to be a line of defense for Lebanon, Lebanon s stability and Lebanon s Arabism .  His presence in the country alone brings stability,  said Manar Akoum, 26, as she stood with the celebrating crowd. Hariri s resignation was followed by a steep escalation in Saudi statements against the Lebanese government, which includes Shi ite Hezbollah. Riyadh said the government as a whole - not just Hezbollah - had declared war against it. Western governments including the United States struck a different tone, affirming their support for Hariri and the stability of Lebanon, which hosts 1.5 million Syrian refugees - nearly one-in-four of the population. Ahead of his return to Beirut, Hariri had stressed the importance of the Lebanese state policy of staying out of regional conflicts, notably Yemen, where a Saudi-led coalition is battling Iran-backed Houthi fighters. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, who had also called for Hariri s return, said on Monday his group was open to  any dialogue and any discussion . Nasrallah also issued his clearest denial yet of any Hezbollah role in Yemen. A senior source in a political alliance that includes Hezbollah said Hariri s move on Wednesday would start a breakthrough in the crisis.  This step is not detached from the framework of a complete solution whose features will appear in the coming days,  the source told Reuters. Lebanese dollar bonds, which had fallen in response to Hariri s resignation, gained following Wednesday s announcement. A government minister from the United Arab Emirates (UAE), a close ally of Saudi Arabia, said Lebanon must implement its policy of keeping out of Middle East conflicts in order to get out of its own crisis as well as regional troubles.   The main problem facing that is the selective implementation of (this) principle and the functional Iranian role of Hezbollah outside the Lebanese framework,  Anwar Gargash, UAE minister of state for foreign affairs, wrote on Twitter. Cyprus, where Hariri had briefly stopped on his journey home, said it would attempt to help defuse the crisis.  Our common objective is stability in Lebanon, stability in our area. Within this context... the President of the Republic will undertake some initiatives precisely to promote this objective; stability in Lebanon,  Cypriot government spokesman Nikos Christodoulides said.     Hariri took office last year in a power-sharing deal that made Aoun head of state. He arrived in Beirut in time for independence day celebrations on Wednesday morning, taking the premier s seat alongside Aoun and Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri.  Hariri said he looked forward to  real partnership with all the political powers, in placing Lebanon s interests high above any other interests  and preserving coexistence among Lebanese.   ",1
14110,U.S. welcomes Hariri's return to Lebanon: State Department official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States welcomes Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri s return to Lebanon, a U.S. State Department official said on Wednesday. The United States is also encouraged by Hariri s discussions with Lebanese President Michel Aoun and his statement reaffirming his commitment to the stability of Lebanon, the official said. After returning to Beirut for the first time since he quit abruptly on Nov. 4 in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia, Hariri shelved his decision to resign at the request of Aoun, easing a crisis that had deepened tensions in the Middle East. ",1
14111,U.S. calls Myanmar moves against Rohingya 'ethnic cleansing',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Wednesday called the Myanmar military operation against the Rohingya population  ethnic cleansing  and  threatened targeted sanctions against those responsible for what it called  horrendous atrocities.   The situation in northern Rakhine state constitutes ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya,  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in a statement, using a term he avoided when visiting Myanmar, also known as Burma, last week.  The United States will also pursue accountability through U.S. law, including possible targeted sanctions  against those responsible for the alleged abuses, which have driven hundreds of thousands of Rohingya into neighboring Bangladesh, he said. The United States shifted its stance in part to raise pressure on Myanmar s military and civilian leaders, who have shared power for the past two years under an uneasy arrangement after decades of military rule, to address the crisis. Rights monitors accused Myanmar s military of atrocities, including killings, mass rape and arson, against the stateless Rohingya during so-called clearance operations after Rohingya militants  Aug. 25 attacks on 30 police posts and an army base. More than 600,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled Rakhine state in Buddhist-majority Myanmar, mostly to neighboring Bangladesh, since the crackdown, which followed the insurgent attacks.      These abuses by some among the Burmese military, security forces, and local vigilantes have caused tremendous suffering and forced hundreds of thousands of men, women, and children to flee their homes,  Tillerson said. While repeating U.S. condemnation of the insurgent attacks, he added:  No provocation can justify the horrendous atrocities that have ensued.  Myanmar s 2-year-old government, led by Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, has faced heavy international criticism for its response to the crisis, though it has no control over the generals with whom it shares power.  It s not a situation that is completely under her authority, but certainly we are counting on her to show leadership and also to work through the civilian government with the military to address the crisis,  a senior U.S. official told reporters in a conference call. The term  ethnic cleansing  is not defined in international or U.S. law and does not inherently carry specific consequences, a second senior U.S. official said on the call. Murray Hiebert, a Southeast Asia analyst with the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank in Washington, said the State Department s use of the term and threat of sanctions  will likely have limited to no impact on the ground.   It is likely to create more distrust between the United States and Myanmar s military and government and push them closer to China, Russia, and its more authoritarian neighbors in Southeast Asia,  he added.  The U.S. move came the same day as a U.N. tribunal convicted former Bosnian Serb military commander Ratko Mladic of genocide and crimes against humanity for massacres of Bosnian Muslims and ethnic cleansing campaigns, and imprisoned him for life. The second U.S. official said Washington was analyzing whether genocide or crimes against humanity had occurred in Myanmar, which would violate international law, but has made no determination on either and that this would take time to assess.  In the end it s a court that has to decide that, as we ve just seen with the verdict against Mladic,  he said. A top U.N. official in September described the military actions as a textbook case of  ethnic cleansing,  but the United States until Wednesday had avoided the term.  Washington has sought to balance its wish to nurture the civilian government in Myanmar, where it competes for influence with China, with its desire to hold the military accountable for the abuses. U.S. officials also worry that the mistreatment of the Rohingya Muslim minority may fuel radicalism. The first U.S. official said Washington would work with Bangladesh and Myanmar to encourage the voluntary repatriation of Rohingya.  We have focused on the issue of voluntary returns,  the official said.  We don t want people to be forced to return to a situation in which they feel uncomfortable.   Congressional pressure for a tougher U.S. response to the Rohingya crisis mounted before President Donald Trump s first visit to Asia this month to attend a summit of Southeast Asian countries, including Myanmar, in Manila. U.S. government sources told Reuters in October that officials were preparing a recommendation for Tillerson that would define the military-led campaign against the Rohingya as ethnic cleansing, which could spur new sanctions. In early November, U.S. lawmakers proposed targeted sanctions and travel restrictions on Myanmar military officials. Rights group Amnesty International called for a comprehensive arms embargo against Myanmar as well as targeted financial sanctions against senior Myanmar military officials. ",1
14112,"Facing graft probe, Pakistan Finance Minister relieved of duties","ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan s Finance Minister Ishaq Dar has been relieved of his duties, local media said on Wednesday, following speculation about his future after he failed to appear in court to answer corruption charges. Documents seen by Reuters show Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi granted Dar sick leave on Wednesday, while local TV channels Geo and Samaa said he had been relieved of his portfolio. Dar would keep his status as a minister for the time being, Geo reported. Dar, who is receiving medical treatment in London for a heart condition, has an arrest warrant issued against him after he missed multiple court appearances on charges that he had amassed wealth beyond his known sources of income.  The case had, along with Pakistan s worsening economic outlook, led to mounting calls for him to resign. The country is battling to stave off balance of payments pressures due to a dwindling foreign currency reserve and a widening current account deficit. A spokesman for the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz could not immediately be reached for comment, nor could Dar. He has missed more than three weeks of court hearings conducted by the anti-graft agency, the National Accountability Bureau.  Dar s absence had come at an awkward time for Pakistan, which has been trying to woo international investors as it looks to raise in excess of $1 billion on debt markets through a Sukuk and a Eurobond in coming months. ",1
14113,Italian magistrates investigate whether ex-Treasury official sold secrets,"ROME (Reuters) - Italian magistrates are investigating whether a Treasury official sold confidential government information to her previous employers, Ernst & Young, two judicial sources involved in the case said on Wednesday. Magistrates suspect that Susanna Masi was paid some 220,000 euros ( 195,290.33) between 2013-2015 in return for sensitive material, including on planned tax reforms which could have given the professional services firm an unfair advantage over its rivals, the sources said. Masi s lawyer, Giorgio Perroni, confirmed his client was being investigated but denied she had done anything wrong. Neither Ernst & Young s Italian office, nor lawyers representing the company, responded to requests for comment. The judicial sources told Reuters that magistrates had emails and wiretaps to back up their case. Perroni said he was still waiting to see the case files after which his client would request to meet the investigators.  We are certain that we will be able to demonstrate the correct behaviour of my client and the total lack of foundation of the accusations,  Perroni told Reuters. Masi joined the Treasury in 2012, becoming a tax adviser for the government in 2013. In 2015, she was appointed to the board of Equitalia   a state-owned tax collection agency   while retaining her position within the Treasury, her lawyer said. Corriere della Sera newspaper, which first reported the story on Wednesday, said besides leaking confidential information, Masi was also suspected of lobbying on behalf of Ernst & Young for modifications to the tax code. Corriere said Masi worked for Ernst & Young before joining the Treasury. Perroni confirmed she used to work for the company in Italy, but did not know the exact dates. The Treasury declined to comment on the case.  ",1
14114,"Besieged Syrians eating trash, fainting from hunger: U.N. survey","GENEVA (Reuters) - Syrians in the besieged enclave of Eastern Ghouta are so short of food that they are eating trash, fainting from hunger and forcing their children to eat on alternate days, the U.N. World Food Programme said in a report on Wednesday. Since September, approximately 174,500 people in the town of Douma in the besieged zone have been forced to adopt emergency  coping strategies , the WFP report said.   This includes consuming expired food, animal fodder and refuse, spending days without eating, begging and engaging in high risk activities to get food. Moreover, many hunger-induced fainting episodes have been reported among school children and teachers.   At least four people have died from hunger, including a child in Douma who took his own life due to hunger, said the report, which was based on a mobile phone survey and information from contacts on the ground. Forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad have besieged rebel-held Eastern Ghouta since 2012 and Douma has not had a food aid convoy since receiving wheat flour rations in August. Although the area is traditionally agricultural, arable land on the outskirts of Eastern Ghouta is either on the frontline of the conflict or targeted by snipers, the report said.  Last week fighting destroyed recently distributed rations in a storehouse, exacerbating shortages. Although Damascus is only 15 km (10 miles) away, 700-grams (25 ounces) of bread is 85 times more expensive in Eastern Ghouta, the report said.   The situation is anticipated to deteriorate further in the coming weeks when food stock is expected to be totally depleted and household coping strategies will be highly eroded as a result.  Government restrictions meant WFP could only provide a fraction of the food needed. Family food baskets were being shared among six families and were reportedly the only source of food for many female-headed and destitute households, it said.   Some households are even resorting to rotation strategies whereby the children who ate yesterday would not eat today and vice-versa.  The report quoted a female head of household in Douma as saying she was forced to rotate rations between her 13-year-old daughter and her two- and three-year-old orphaned grandchildren.  My daughter cries every time I lock her door cause she knows today is not her turn and will sleep with an empty stomach,  she said.    ",1
14115,"Ex-Bosnian Serb commander Mladic convicted of genocide, gets life in prison","THE HAGUE (Reuters) - A U.N. tribunal on Wednesday convicted ex-Bosnian Serb military commander Ratko Mladic of genocide and crimes against humanity for massacres of Bosnian Muslims and ethnic cleansing campaigns to forge a  Greater Serbia , and jailed him for life. Mladic was hustled out of the court minutes before the verdict for angrily shouting,  This is all lies, you are all liars!  The outburst occurred after Mladic returned to the courtroom from what his lawyers described as a visit to the bathroom, then a blood pressure test which held up proceedings. The U.N. Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) found Mladic guilty of 10 of 11 charges, including the slaughter of 8,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica and the 43-month siege of the Bosnian capital Sarajevo, in which more than 10,000 civilians were killed by shelling, mortar and sniper fire. The killings in Srebrenica of men and boys after they were separated from women and taken away in buses or marched off to be shot amounted to Europe s worst atrocity since World War Two.   The crimes committed rank among the most heinous known to humankind, and include genocide and extermination as a crime against humanity,  Presiding Judge Alphons Orie said in reading out a summary of the judgment.  Many of these men and boys were cursed, insulted, threatened, forced to sing Serb songs and beaten while awaiting their execution,  he said. Mladic had pleaded not guilty to all charges. His legal team said he would appeal against the verdict. Called the  Butcher of Bosnia  by survivors of his actions, Mladic was the most notorious of 163 ICTY indictees together with Radovan Karadzic, the former Bosnian Serb nationalist leader and political mastermind of ethnic cleansing, and their patron, then-Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic. The tribunal found Mladic  significantly contributed  to genocide committed in Srebrenica with the goal of destroying its Muslim population,  personally directed  the bombardment of Sarajevo and was part of a  joint criminal enterprise  aimed at purging Bosnian Muslims and Catholic Croats from Bosnia.  Prosecutors said the ultimate agenda of Mladic, Karadzic and Milosevic was what came to be known worldwide as ethnic cleansing, to carve out an Orthodox  Greater Serbia  in the ashes of multinational federal Yugoslavia. ICTY Chief Prosecutor Serge Brammertz called the verdict  a milestone  in holding Mladic accountable not just for massacres but the detention of tens of thousands of non-Serbs in camps where many were beaten and raped, and the forced displacement of over one million to remake Bosnia s demographic map. The Mladic case is the last major decision by the ICTY, which plans to close its doors soon after sentencing 83 Balkan war criminals since opening in 1993. In Geneva, U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein called Mladic the  epitome of evil  and said his conviction after 16 years as an indicted fugitive and five years of trial was a  momentous victory for justice .   Today s verdict is a warning to the perpetrators of such crimes that they will not escape justice, no matter how powerful they may be nor how long it may take,  Zeid said in a statement.  RESPECT THE VICTIMS, LOOK TO THE FUTURE  -SERBIA President Aleksandar Vucic of Serbia, whose 1990s strongman leader Milosevic died in a tribunal prison in 2006 before the end of his genocide trial, said Serbia  respects the victims .   I would like to call on everyone (in the region) to start looking into the future and not to drown in tears of the past... We need to look to the future...so we finally have a stable country,  Vucic told reporters when asked about the verdict. Serbia, once the most powerful Yugoslav republic, is now democratic and seeking ties to the European Union. Bosnian Prime Minister Denis Zvizdic said he hoped that  those who still call for new divisions and conflicts will carefully read the verdict rendered today ...in case that they are still no ready to face their past . He was alluding to enduring separatism in post-war federal Bosnia s autonomous Serb region. Srebrenica, near Bosnia s eastern border with Serbia, had been designated a  safe area  by the United Nations and was defended by lightly armed U.N. peacekeepers. But they quickly surrendered when Mladic s forces stormed it on July 11, 1995. A bronzed and beefy Mladic was filmed visiting a refugee camp in Srebrenica on July 12.  He was giving away chocolate and sweets to the children while the cameras were rolling, telling us nothing will happen and that we have no reason to be afraid,  recalled Munira Subasic of the Mothers of Srebrenica group. Serbian TV footage showed Mladic approaching a blond boy in a friendly way and asking him his name and how old he was, then turning to fearful Muslim women and children and assuring them:  All who would like to stay can stay. Just take it easy.   Subasic said:  After the cameras left he gave an order to kill whoever could be killed, rape whoever could be raped and finally he ordered us all to be banished and chased out of Srebrenica, so he could make an  ethnically clean  town.  Dutch peacekeepers looked on helplessly as Bosnian Serb officers separated men and boys from women, then sent them out of sight on buses or marched them away to be shot. The remains of Subasic s son and husband were both found in mass graves by International Commission of Missing Persons (ICMP) workers. The ICMP have identified some 6,900 remains of Srebrenica victims through DNA analysis. The siege of Sarajevo terrorised its people. It involved both heavy shelling that sometimes slaughtered residents queueing outside for scarce supplies, and random sniper fire that picked off people who dared to venture into the streets, or even as they stood indoors by exposed windows. In May 1992, as artillery barrages from surrounding hillsides were setting Sarajevo ablaze, Bosnian intelligence intercepted a Mladic phone call in which he was giving orders about targets:  Fire on the parliament, presidency, the Old Town. Fire so that they cannot sleep, burn their brains!  That phone call was entered as evidence in his trial. Mladic is still seen as a national hero by some compatriots for the swift capture of much of Bosnia after its Serbs rose up against an early 1992 referendum vote by Muslims and Croats for independence from Serbian-dominated Yugoslavia.  His lawyers will argue in their appeal that Bosnian Serbs were  victims  of the referendum and fought in  self-defence . Mladic s lawyers contended that Sarajevo was a legitimate military target as it was the main bastion of Muslim-led Bosnian government forces. They also asserted that Mladic left Srebrenica shortly before Serb fighters began executing Muslim detainees and was later shocked to find out they had occurred. But Wednesday s verdict was never much in doubt, given the mountain of evidence of Serb atrocities produced at previous trials. Four of Mladic s subordinates received life sentences. Karadzic, 72, was convicted of genocide in 2016 and sentenced to 40 years. He is appealing. Mladic was indicted along with Karadzic in 1995, shortly after the Srebrenica killings. But he evaded capture until 2011, three years after a heavily disguised Karadzic was arrested. Mladic s trial in The Hague took five years in part because of delays due to his poor health. He has suffered several strokes, but the ICTY rejected a flurry of last-minute attempts by his lawyers to put off the verdict on medical grounds. The ICTY indicted 161 people in all from Bosnia, Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro and Kosovo. Of the 83 convicted, more than 60 of them were ethnic Serbs.  ",1
14116,Srebrenica survivors: No punishment enough for Mladic despite conviction,"SREBRENICA, Bosnia (Reuters) - Bosnian Muslims who lost loved ones in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre said on Wednesday that no punishment was enough for Ratko Mladic, the ex-Bosnian Serb wartime commander jailed for life for genocide.  Mladic, dubbed the  Butcher of Bosnia , was convicted by a U.N. tribunal on 10 counts of war crimes including the siege of Sarajevo in which over 10,000 civilians died from shelling and sniper attacks, and the expulsion of hundred of thousands of non-Serbs during the 1992-95 conflict.  Can there ever be adequate punishment for someone who committed so many crimes? It would be too many even for 300 years, let alone three days,  said Vasva Smajlovic, 74, referring to the Srebrenica slaughter in July 1995. Her husband, son-in-law and other relatives were among the 8,000 Muslim men and boys taken away and shot dead execution-style after Mladic assured U.N. peacekeepers and local residents that no harm would befall them after his forces seized the town.  I try to count my dead all the time. I count to 50 and then I m not able to count anymore,  Smajlovic said tearfully while watching a live telecast of the Mladic verdict.  No words can describe how I feel. I am angry. All this comes too late.   Her sister-in-law felt, however, justice was served with Mladic s conviction, even if it came 22 years after the war.  Nothing can compensate for our pain but it is important that justice is done,  said Bida Smajlovic, who last saw her husband when he tried to flee Srebrenica through woods in July 1995. His remains were later found in a mass grave. On July 11, 1995, Mladic s ultra-nationalist forces separated men and boys from women and took them away in buses or on foot to be shot within days. It was Europe s worst single atrocity since World War Two. Wednesday s verdict, the last major case before the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) after 24 years of work, stirred tension in a region still scarred by the 1990s Balkans conflagration.  Bosnian Serb leader Milorad Dodik, who frequently threatens the secession of the Serb region from Bosnia, said the tribunal s judgment of Mladic only proved its bias against the Serbs. But Bakir Izetbegovic, the Muslim Bosniak member of Bosnia s tripartite presidency, said:  No people, including Serbs, should call Mladic a hero, ..., glorify criminals and decorate war criminals.    I hope this verdict will bring about such kind of sobering in Bosnia.  The opinions underscored the stillborn reconciliation process in the federal state, now divided into an autonomous Serb Republic and Muslim-Croat federation.   Placards with a portrait of the once beefy and brash Mladic bearing a slogan  You Are Our Hero  plastered the sides of buildings in Srebrenica, now a largely ethnic Serb town, and nearby Bratunac on Wednesday.  The general will become a legend, and we shall continue to live as we have lived,  said Milena Komlenovic, the Serb mayor of the  eastern town of Kalinovik, where Mladic went to school. She added that the international court s decisions - over 60 of 83 defendants convicted have been Serbs - had aggravated rather than healed divisions in Bosnia.  Politicians in neighboring Serbia, whose 1990s nationalist president, Slobodan Milosevic, armed and funded Mladic s forces, appealed for calm and urged all to look to the future when a now democratic Belgrade hopes to join the European Union.   Our hearts are also with the victims, the victims on all sides. I do honestly feel...for all victims, but let s look towards the future,  Serbian Prime Minister Ana Brnabic said. Zdravka Gvozdjar, whose nine-year-old son Eldin was killed in the Bosnian Serb bombardment of besieged Sarajevo, said the verdict was no surprise and partially satisfactory.  He deserved a much worse punishment but I was so excited and satisfied that he was handed down a life sentence because it is the most he could get. There is no comfort for me or any other mother (but) we have learned to live with the pain.    ",1
14117,"U.S. Navy plane crashes in Philippine Sea, three missing","TOKYO (Reuters) - A U.S. Navy transport plane carrying 11 people crashed in the Philippine Sea south of Japan on Wednesday as it flew to the  aircraft carrier Ronald Reagan and three people were missing, in the latest Navy accident in the region. Eight other people were rescued and transferred to the carrier where they were in good condition, the U.S. Seventh Fleet said.   Search and rescue efforts for three personnel continue with U.S. Navy and Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF) ships and aircraft on scene,  the U.S. Seventh Fleet said in a news  release.  The incident will be investigated,  it added. The plane was conducting a routine transport flight carrying passengers and cargo from Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni to the carrier, which was operating in the Philippine Sea as part of an exercise with Japanese forces, it said. U.S. President Donald Trump was briefed on the crash at his Mar-a-Lago retreat in Florida, where he is spending the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday, said White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters.  The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved,  Trump wrote in a Twitter post. Japanese Minister of Defence Itsunori Onodera told reporters the U.S. Navy informed him that the crash may have been a result of engine trouble.  The propeller-powered transport plane, a C-2 Greyhound, carries personnel, mail and other cargo from mainland bases to carriers operating at sea.  C-2 aircraft have been in operation for more than five decades and are due to be replaced by the long-range tilt-rotor Osprey aircraft. Two crashes in the Asia Pacific region involving U.S. Navy warships and commercial vessels this year have raised questions about Navy training and the pace of operations in the region, prompted a Congressional hearing and the removal of a number of officers. The guided missile destroyer Fitzgerald almost sank off the coast of Japan after colliding with a Philippine container ship on June 17. The bodies of seven U.S. sailors were found in a flooded berthing area after that collision. In a separate incident in August, 10 sailors were killed when the guided missile destroyer John S. McCain collided with an oil tanker. The Navy has dismissed a number of officers, including the commander of the Seventh Fleet, as a result of the collisions involving its warships in Asia. ",1
14118,"Saudi-led coalition to reopen Yemen's Hodeidah port, Sanaa airport for aid","DUBAI (Reuters) - The Saudi-led military coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen said on Wednesday it would allow humanitarian aid access through Yemen s port of Hodeidah and United Nations flights to the capital Sanaa, more than two weeks after blockading the country. The coalition closed air, land and sea access to the Arabian Peninsula country on Nov. 6 to stop the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. The action came after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired toward its capital Riyadh. Iran has denied supplying the Houthis with weapons. Soon after the closure, U.N. aid chief Mark Lowcock warned that the blockade could spark  the largest famine the world has seen for many decades with millions of victims  unless the coalition gave access to humanitarian aid.  The Saudi-led coalition said in a statement on Wednesday that from Nov. 23 the Red Sea port of Hodeidah would be reopened to receive food aid and humanitarian relief, and Sanaa airport would be open for UN flights with humanitarian relief.   We re monitoring these developments,  U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq told reporters in New York.  If that were to happen that would be a very welcome and critically important development.   We made clear the tremendous amount of needs on the ground,  Haq said.  Earlier this month the coalition said it would allow aid deliveries through the government-held port of Aden. However, around 80 percent of Yemen s food imports arrive through Hodeidah. The United Nations has said some seven million people in Yemen are on the brink of famine and nearly 900,000 have been infected with cholera, a waterborne disease that causes acute diarrhea and dehydration. Aid groups said there also needed to be commercial access to Yemen for food and fuel shipments.  Humanitarian aid alone cannot meet the needs of Yemenis who are unjustly bearing the brunt of this war,  Paolo Cernuschi, Yemen country director at the International Rescue Committee, said in a statement.  Jan Egeland, secretary general of the Norwegian Refugee Council and a former U.N. aid chief, posted on Twitter,  We need all ports to open and access for commercial food and supplies to large civilian population. Humanitarian aid alone cannot avert hunger.   The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said on Wednesday that it had evacuated from Sanaa five staff members in need of urgent medical assistance. The Saudi-led coalition has been targeting the Houthis since they seized parts of Yemen in 2015, including the capital Sanaa, forcing President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee. The Houthis, drawn mainly from Yemen s Zaidi Shi ite minority and allied with long-serving former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, control much of the country. ",1
14119,"Putin wins backing from Iran, Turkey for new Syria peace push","SOCHI, Russia/RIYADH (Reuters) - Russia s Vladimir Putin won the backing of Turkey and Iran on Wednesday to host a Syrian peace congress, taking the central role in a major diplomatic push to finally end a civil war all but won by Moscow s ally, President Bashar al-Assad. Syrian opposition groups, meeting in Saudi Arabia to seek a unified position ahead of peace talks, decided to stick to their demand that Assad leave power, Al Arabiya television reported, following speculation they might soften their stance after their hardline leader quit. Two days after being visited by Assad in the Black Sea resort of Sochi, President Putin hosted his counterparts Tayyip Erdogan and Hassan Rouhani there.  In a joint statement, the three leaders called on the Syrian government and moderate opposition to  participate constructively  in the planned congress, to be held in the same city on a date they did not specify.  The congress will look at the key questions on Syria s national agenda,  Putin told reporters at the summit, sitting alongside Rouhani and Erdogan.  First of all that is the drawing-up of a framework for the future structure of the state, the adoption of a new constitution, and, on the basis of that, the holding of elections under United Nations supervision.  There was no word from the leaders on who would be invited. The list of invitees has been a sticking point, with Turkey objecting to some Syrian Kurdish groups attending. Syria s civil war, in its seventh year, has killed hundreds of thousands of people and created the world s worst refugee crisis, driving more than 11 million people from their homes. All previous efforts to achieve a diplomatic solution have swiftly collapsed, with the opposition demanding Assad leave power, the government insisting he stay on, and neither side able to force the issue by achieving a military victory. But since Russia joined the war on behalf of Assad in 2015, the balance of power has turned decisively in his government s favor. A year ago, the army forced rebels out of their last urban stronghold, the eastern half of Aleppo. In recent weeks, the self-proclaimed caliphate of jihadist group Islamic State has collapsed. Government forces now effectively control all of Syria apart from a few shrinking rebel pockets and a swathe in the north held by mainly Kurdish forces backed by the United States. Opposition groups held their meeting on Wednesday at a luxury hotel in Riyadh, two days after the leader of the High Negotiations Committee (HNC) that has represented them at previous peace talks quit abruptly. HNC chief Riyad Hijab had been known as an uncompromising defender of the position that Assad must have no role in any political transition for Syria, and his resignation had led to speculation the opposition could soften its stance. However, a draft of the meeting s final statement still included the demand Assad leave office at the start of any transition, Saudi-owned Al Arabiya television reported. Having helped Assad s government reach the cusp of victory, Putin now appears to be playing the leading role in international efforts to end the war on Assad s terms.  In addition to hosting Assad, Rouhani and Erdogan, the Russian leader has also phoned U.S. President Donald Trump and Saudi King Salman in the past 24 hours. Iran has long supported Assad.  Saudi Arabia, Iran s arch rival in the Middle East and long a backer of rebel groups in Syria and advocate of the position that Assad must leave, has been the main supporter of the HNC. But after King Salman made an historic visit to Moscow a few months ago, Riyadh appears to have come around to Russia s dominant role in Syria. Similarly Turkey, traditionally one of the Syrian leader s implacable foes, has increasingly shown willingness to work with Russia to resolve the crisis.  This summit is aimed at results. I believe critical decisions will be reached,  Turkey s Erdogan said in Sochi before his meeting with Putin and Rouhani. The Syrian government welcomed the final statement from the three-way Iran summit, Syrian state media said on Wednesday, quoting an official source in the Foreign Ministry. It described it as the culmination of Assad s summit with Putin. The other major power with troops in Syria, the United States, has so far kept its distance. Washington has been arming, training and sending special forces to assist a Kurdish group fighting against Islamic State, angering Turkey which is fighting its own Kurdish insurgency. Still, any final settlement that keeps Assad in power will probably require the participation of some kind of opposition delegation willing to negotiate over the demand that he go. U.N. peace talks mediator Staffan de Mistura, host of the formal peace process in Geneva, told the opposition groups at the Riyadh meeting they needed to have the  hard discussions  necessary to reach a  common line .  A strong, unified team is a creative partner in Geneva and we need that, one who can actually explore more than one way to arrive to the goals that we need to have,  he said. De Mistura will meet Russia s defense and foreign ministers on Thursday to discuss preparations for a new round of Geneva talks, Russian news agency RIA reported. Russia said on Tuesday that the resignation of such  radically minded  Syrian opposition figures as HNC chief Hijab would help unite the disparate opposition factions around a more  realistic  platform. [L8N1NR296] ",1
14120,Rights groups urge end to Poland's overhaul of judiciary,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Plans to overhaul Poland s judiciary would end the country s status as a democratic state based on the rule of law and should be scrapped, more than two dozen rights groups and non-governmental organizations said in a petition on Wednesday. The petition, backed by Amnesty International and the Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights among others, came as parliament started debating amendments agreed by President Andrzej Duda and the ruling Law and Justice party (PiS). The proposals give the parliament a virtually free hand in deciding the composition of the Supreme Court and how judges are selected and are  in gross conflict  with the constitution, the signatories said in their petition.  The introduction of these amendments will mean that Poland will definitely cease to be a democratic state of law,  it said.  We request the immediate stoppage of parliamentary work on (the bills) and demand the start of extensive public consultations on this.  The nationalist, eurosceptic PiS,  which has a parliamentary majority, says reform of the judicial system is needed because the courts are slow, inefficient and steeped in a communist-era mentality.  Duda had raised hopes among critics of the plans that they could be halted when he vetoed the original PiS proposals in July, following nationwide protests and warnings from the European Union.  The president, an ally of PiS, said then that the proposals gave too much power to one party and to the justice minister. But subsequent work on the amendments has been conducted in secrecy, spurring criticism from the United Nations and the European Commission that they could further damage Poland s judicial system. Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of PiS and Poland s paramount politician, has met privately with Duda several times for talks. Details of those meetings have not been made public and it is not known what consensus has been reached.  The president gave us some hope that the constitution would not be so continually abused,  said Irena Kaminska, a judge and a member of the Themis association of judges.  For a moment I had hoped there would be a breakthrough, but that has not happened.  Stanislaw Piotrowicz, head of parliament s justice committee, told the PAP state news agency that lawmakers could complete work on the bills at the next session, planned for Dec. 6-8.  If the bills pass they could potentially allow PiS to tighten its control of the political system, its critics said. Marcin Matczak of the Batory Foundation in Warsaw, one of the NGO signatories to the petition, said PiS would be able to change the electoral system to its own advantage because the judges would no longer challenge them.  After the (court) laws are implemented the government will be able to rule eternally,  he said.  There will be no one to defend us.  The EU is pressing a legal case against Poland over its judicial reform plans and has suggested the country could forfeit some development funds if it refuses to change course. PiS says it has a democratic mandate for its reforms. ",1
14121,"""The people have spoken,"" Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa tells cheering crowd","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa, who is due to be sworn in to replace Robert Mugabe as president on Friday, told a cheering crowd in Harare on Wednesday that the country was entering a new stage of democracy.  The people have spoken. The voice of the people is the voice of God,  Mnangagwa told thousands of supporters who had gathered outside the ruling ZANU-PF party s offices.  Today we are witnessing the beginning of a new and unfolding democracy.  Mugabe resigned as Zimbabwe s president on Tuesday, a week after the army and his former political allies moved to end four decades of rule by a man once feted as an independence hero who became feared as a despot. ",1
14122,"France tells Libya to act over migrant ""crimes against humanity""","PARIS (Reuters) - France demanded on Wednesday an urgent U.N. Security Council session on human trafficking in Libya and raised the possibility of sanctions on the country after a video appearing to show African migrants sold as slaves there sparked global outrage. Convened by Italy, which struck a deal with Libya to slash the number of migrants reaching its shores, the Council on Tuesday unanimously backed a resolution urging tougher action to crack down on human trafficking and modern slavery worldwide. Speaking to lawmakers, French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian suggested Paris wanted to take things further and called for an urgent session of the Council to specifically discuss the situation in Libya.  Libyan authorities, who have been alerted several times, including by myself because I was there in September, have decided to open an investigation into the facts,  Le Drian said.  We want it to go fast and if the Libyan justice system can not carry this procedure through then we should open international sanctions,  Le Drian said. Footage appearing to show African migrants sold as slaves in Libya has sparked an international outcry with protests erupting across Europe and Africa, while artists to soccer stars to U.N. officials have made pleas for the abuse to end. The video broadcast by CNN showed what it said was an auction of men offered to Libyan buyers as farmhands and sold for $400, a chilling echo of the trans-Saharan slave trade of centuries past.  What has been revealed is indeed trafficking of human beings, it s a crime against humanity,  Macron said during a news conference with African Union President Alpha Conde.  Macron said he wanted the U.N. Security Council to discuss what concrete steps could be taken to tackle the issue. A French diplomat said the U.N. session would likely be in coming days, probably next week, and would see what concrete measures could be taken to improve the situation.  Despite events in Libya, Conde put the blame firmly on the European Union, accusing it of encouraging the Libyans to keep migrants in the North African country despite there being no government.   What happened in Libya is shocking, scandalous, but we must establish the responsibilities,  said Conde.  In Libya there is no government, so the European Union can not choose a developing country and ask that country to detain refugees (...) when it doesn t have the means to do so,  he added.  The refugees are in terrible conditions ... so our European friends were not right to ask Libya to keep the migrants. The European Union is responsible.         Le Drian said he wanted the International Organization for Migration and the U.N. Refugee Agency to publish details about the trafficking of migrants in the country.  Libya splintered along political, ideological and tribal lines during and after a 2011 NATO-backed uprising that unseated former leader Muammar Gaddafi. In 2014 a battle for the capital led to rival parliaments and governments being set up in Tripoli and the east. ",1
14123,Mladic verdict carries message for Syria and beyond: U.N.'s Zeid,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The conviction of former Bosnian Serb military commander Ratko Mladic for genocide and crimes against humanity serves as a warning to others such as Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, the United Nations  human rights chief said on Wednesday. Earlier on Wednesday the U.N. Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) found Mladic guilty of the slaughter of 8,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica and for the siege of the Bosnian capital Sarajevo, in which more than 10,000 civilians were killed by shelling and snipers over 43 months. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein, who worked for the United Nations in the former Yugoslavia in the 1990s, told Reuters he had waited a long time for the life sentence handed down against Mladic.  Mladic is the epitome of evil and the prosecution of Mladic is the epitome of international justice,  Zeid said in an interview in his Geneva office. Noting that Mladic is now 74 but was in his 50s at the time of his crimes, Zeid said the case showed justice would catch up with other leaders who trampled over human rights.  The passage of time is no protection. Eventually I hope all those who have authored these appalling atrocities across the world will be held accountable before a court of law and there will be justice for the victims of those particular crimes.  Pressed on whether that would include Assad, he said:  Yes. It s very clear to us that what happened in Syria recently and not limited to Syria, in many parts of the world, were so grotesque that if a court of law on the basis of evidence were to prosecute senior leaders then you would expect that some of them would be held responsible.  Assad and his government deny committing rights abuses and say they are engaged in a legitimate struggle against terrorist groups including Islamic State. Trials are led by evidence, Zeid said.  And so whatever trials are mounted in the future, if the evidence leads to the very senior rungs of leadership, then you would indeed hope this takes place.   In the end there is justice,  he added. U.N. war crimes investigators documenting massacres and other atrocities in Syria have accused all sides of grave crimes including the government s use of chemical weapons against civilians more than two dozen times, as well as executions, torture and rapes. Paulo Pinheiro, chairman of the U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria, said last year that the scale of deaths in prisons indicated that the Assad government was responsible for  extermination as a crime against humanity . Syria s civil war, now in its seventh year, has killed hundreds of thousands of people and created the world s worst refugee crisis, driving more than 11 million people from their homes. ",1
14124,Uganda denies corruption allegations against its foreign minister,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Uganda on Wednesday denied its foreign minister had engaged in corrupt activities with a Hong Kong man who has been charged with bribery and other violations by U.S. authorities. Chi Ping Patrick Ho, 68, who heads the China Energy Fund Committee (CEFC), a charity based in Hong Kong and the U.S. state of Virginia, was charged with violating the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Ho was accused of among other issues of being involved with bribes and promises of other benefits to Sam Kutesa, Uganda s foreign affairs minister, in exchange for promises of business contracts for an unnamed Chinese firm.  Kutesa is also a former president of the U.N. General Assembly. The Ugandan foreign ministry said the  interaction and engagement  that Kutesa had with Ho was  in fulfilment of his official functions as president of the U.N. General Assembly .   It is therefore erroneous to insinuate or infer that Hon. Sam Kutesa, from references made to him and CEFC...is linked to the bribery allegations,  a statement said. Ho s attorney has declined to comment to Reuters on the charges.  ",1
14125,"Georgian policeman, three terrorism suspects killed in police operation: state security","TBILISI (Reuters) - One Georgian special forces serviceman and three members of an armed group suspected of terrorism were killed on Wednesday in a police operation against the group on the outskirts of the capital Tbilisi, state security said. Four other police were wounded and one member of the criminal group was arrested during the 20-hour operation at a residential block where the group was thought to be hiding. The operation was launched late on Tuesday and went on through the night into Wednesday. Heavy shooting and explosions were heard throughout Wednesday. Residents of nearby buildings were evacuated.  The members of the group are not Georgian citizens and it is assumed they are members of a terrorist organization,  state security administration deputy chief Nino Giorgobiani told reporters. She said surveillance of the suspects had been going on for several weeks and that the state security service was working with international counter-terrorism bodies to identify the group s members and their links to criminal networks. Giorgobiani said efforts had been made to persuade the group s members to give themselves up but they had refused to do this. ",1
14126,Ukraine rebel leader says situation in Luhansk is attempted coup,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The presence of armed men in the streets of the capital of Ukraine s breakaway Luhansk region is an attempted coup by a fired local police chief, Igor Plotnitsky, the head of the self-styled  Luhansk People s Republic  (LNR), said on Wednesday. Plotnitsky sacked Igor Kornet, the local interior minister, on Monday.   How else can you call the situation when the person fired by court from his job is attempting to conduct some operations by force? This an attempt to seize power,  Plotnitsky s website quoted him as saying during a meeting with reporters. ",1
14127,"South Korea, China to hold summit next month to mend ties","(Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in will visit Beijing next month for a summit with China s Xi Jinping as the two countries seek to mend ties frayed by a year-long spat over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea, Seoul s foreign ministry said on Thursday.  The agreement was made during a meeting between South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha and her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi in Beijing, the ministry said.  The two leaders met on the sidelines of an APEC summit in Danang, Vietnam, early this month, during which they agreed to another round of talks in the near future.  ",1
14128,"Russia's Putin says Iran, Turkey back proposed Syrian peoples' congress","SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - The leaders of Iran and Turkey on Wednesday supported the convocation of a Syrian peoples  congress as one of the first steps to establish inclusive dialogue in the war-ravaged country, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday. Speaking after meeting his Iranian counterpart Hassan Rouhani and Turkey s Tayyip Erdogan, Putin said the three leaders had instructed their diplomats, security and defense bodies to work on the composition and date of the congress. Syria s leadership is committed to the peace process, constitutional reform and free elections, Putin said after the trilateral meeting held in the southern Russian city of Sochi. The three presidents agreed to step up efforts to finish off  terrorist  groups in Syria, he said. ",1
14129,German Social Democrats face pressure over coalition talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) faced pressure on Wednesday to consider offering coalition talks to Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives to settle the worst political crisis in modern German history. A leader of the smaller Free Democrats (FDP) also raised the possibility of reviving coalition talks with the conservatives and Greens that collapsed at the weekend raising fears across Europe of stalemate in the EU s economic and political powerhouse. But the party chief later appeared to ruled it out.  The signs of possible flexibility came after President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, in a move unprecedented for a largely ceremonial position, intervened to promote talks that could avert a disruptive early repeat election. SPD leader Martin Schulz, whose party had governed in coalition under Merkel since 2013, wants to go into opposition after September polls that knocked its support to the lowest levels since formation of the modern German republic in 1949. But the mass-circulation Bild newspaper said 30 members of the SPD s 153-strong parliamentary group questioned that position this week at a meeting of the parliamentary party. SPD lawmaker Johannes Kahrs, spokesman for the Seeheimer Circle, a conservative wing in the party, urged Schulz to keep an open mind when he meets on Thursday with Steinmeier. Kahrs told the Passauer Neue Presse newspaper that the collapse of the coalition talks had changed the situation.  We cannot just tell the German president,  Sorry, that s it.  Bild said German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, who handed leadership of the SPD to Schulz and became foreign minister earlier this year, also favors a resumed grand coalition. Germany, traditionally a bastion of stability in the EU, could face months of political stagnation, further complicating agreement on reforms of euro zone governance and EU defense and asylum policies. Merkel, who remains acting chancellor until a government is agreed, has said she would prefer to work with the SPD. If that failed, she would favor new elections over an unstable minority government. Merkel s 12-year hold on power was shaken at the September elections partly by the arrival of the anti-immigration AfD party in parliament. Guenther Oettinger, an EU commissioner and member of Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU), urged the SPD to think again about its rejection of coalition talks.  The long process of forming a government is weakening Germany s influence in Brussels,  Oettinger told Der Spiegel newsmagazine in an interview to be published on Thursday. Axel Schaefer, deputy head of the SPD s parliamentary group, urged the three political blocs to try again to reach agreement. But he said his party would also talk with conservatives if asked to do so by Steinmeier, who is meeting with possible coalition partners this week. A top official of the pro-business FDP told broadcaster ntv her party would not rule out reviving the three-way coalition talks if Merkel s conservatives and the Greens offered a  completely new package  of proposals.  If it really was possible to build a modern republic in the coming years, then we are the last ones who would refuse to talk,  FDP Secretary General Nicola Beer said. But FDP chief Christian Lindner told Spiegel magazine:  For the foreseeable future, it is impossible to imagine cooperation with the Greens at the federal level.  Stephan Weil, the SPD premier of Lower Saxony who just completed a coalition agreement with conservatives in his state, has said a new election could leave few options other than a grand coalition anyway, the Sueddeutsche newspaper reported. Joe Kaeser, chief executive of Siemens, told Die Welt newspaper that he hoped new elections could be avoided since the results would likely be little changed from Sept. 24. A new poll released Wednesday showed that half of Germans favor a new election, while a fifth support a minority government. Only 18 percent want a renewal of the SPD-conservative coalition that ruled the past four years.  ",1
14130,South Africa's Ramaphosa leads in nominations for ANC leader: poll,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa has taken a lead in party nominations for the next leader of the ruling African National Congress (ANC), securing the support of 65 percent of branches tallied so far, a poll showed. Hundreds of ANC branches across South Africa are nominating their choice for party president and other senior positions ahead of a December conference where about 5,000 delegates sent by the branches will cast their votes. The ANC s next leader will probably become president of the country at a national election in 2019 given the party s electoral dominance. Early indications are that party members are split between Ramaphosa, a former union leader and one of the country s richest people, and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, a former minister and ex-wife of President Jacob Zuma, for the party s top job. The poll by the Institute of Race Relations (IRR) found that Dlamini-Zuma had secured 30 percent of nominations and that ANC Treasurer General Zweli Mkhize received most of the remaining 5 percent of nominations. The IRR said its data suggested 74 percent of ANC branches had made nominations and cautioned that it had not been able to corroborate its findings. The ANC does not make the nomination tallies public. A Ramaphosa win in December has tended to be viewed as the more positive outcome by investors, some of whom have been spooked by Dlamini-Zuma s campaign message of radical wealth redistribution. Nominations do not necessarily translate into votes at the ANC s elective conference because delegates could vote for a different candidate than the one nominated by their branch. Dlamini-Zuma s campaign says that many branches sympathetic to her are yet to submit their nominations, which could reduce Ramaphosa s lead or swing the outcome in December in her favor. Dlamini-Zuma is backed by the ANC s women s and youth leagues, which also vote in December. ",1
14131,South Africa's Zuma appoints permanent police commissioner,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma appointed General Khehla Sitole as national police commissioner on Wednesday, filling the position on a permanent basis for the first time in nearly three years. South Africa has been without a permanent head of police since Zuma suspended Riah Phiyega in 2015 pending an investigation into her role in the killing of 34 platinum miners by officers during a violent strike over pay in 2012. South Africa has one of the highest murder rates in the world, while burglary and car theft are common. Tackling violent crime is a top political priority for much of the public. Zuma has been criticized by opposition parties and civil society for previously appointing civilians rather career police officers to the top posts in the service. Sitole had  grown through the ranks of the police having joined the service as a constable until his promotion as a Lieutenant General in 2011,  Zuma s office said in a statement.   General Sitole brings a wealth of operational as well as management experience to the SA Police Service.  Zuma appointed his third police minister in under three years in March, drawing further criticism that he has failed to build a stable team to tackle crime. ",1
14132,"Erdogan says Turkey, Iran, Russia agreed to carry out political solution in Syria","SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Turkey, Iran and Russia have agreed to carry out a transparent process for a political solution in Syria, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Wednesday. Speaking at a joint news conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in the southern Russian city of Sochi, Erdogan said the solution process relied on the stance of the Syrian government and the opposition, adding that excluding  terrorist groups  from the process was a priority. Erdogan also said that solving  negativities  in Syria s Afrin would be a crucial step in the process, and called on the international community to support the steps taken by the three countries. ",1
14133,Summit on euro zone future in December still on despite no German government: Tusk,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A summit of euro zone leaders will go ahead as planned in the middle of December, the chairman of European Union leaders said on Wednesday, dispelling speculation it might be postponed because of the collapse of German coalition talks.  Just to be clear: The December Euro Summit is on. As part of the Leaders  Agenda we need to discuss what, how and when to move forward on the EMU (European Monetary Union) and the Banking Union,  Tusk said on Twitter. He said he discussed the agenda of the meeting over the phone on Wednesday with the chairman of euro zone finance ministers Jeroen Dijsselbloem. German government coalition talks collapsed on Sunday night as the liberal FDP party pulled out after weeks of  exploratory  talks, plunging the euro zone s most important economy into political uncertainty and raising the prospect of new elections. Euro zone leaders are to set a direction for deeper euro zone economic integration at a summit in the middle of December, at which Germany s input is crucial. The summit is to launch six months of work that would lead decisions in June 2018 on whether or not the single currency area should have a budget, a finance minister and a separate euro zone assembly within the European Parliament. The deeper integration push, championed by French President Emmanuel Macron, also includes the transformation of the euro zone bailout fund into a European Monetary Fund and the creation of a sovereign insolvency mechanism. ",1
14134,"Czech parliament picks speaker, opens way for new prime minister","PRAGUE (Reuters) - The newly-elected Czech lower house of parliament on Wednesday picked a speaker from the biggest party ANO, a source in the voting committee said, opening the way for the government to resign and ANO chief Andrej Babis to become prime minister. Babis, whose ANO party won the October election by a large margin on pledges to uproot corruption and streamline functioning of the state, has been asked by President Milos Zeman to form a government but has so far failed to find majority support. Electing the speaker is one of the constitutional conditions for the parliament to conclude its first session. After that, the outgoing government   led by Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka   resigns, and a new prime minister and eventually a full cabinet can be appointed.  ",1
14135,Police find similarities in body parts found Copenhagen waters,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - An arm found by divers near Copenhagen was weighed down with pieces of metal similar to those attached to the legs of Swedish journalist Kim Wall who died in August on board a submarine owned by a Danish inventor, local police said on Wednesday. The arm was found about 1 km (half a mile) from the spot where Wall s head and legs had been found in October. Wall, a freelance journalist who was researching a story on entrepreneur and aerospace engineer Peter Madsen, went missing after he took her out to sea in his homebuilt 17-metre (56-foot) submarine in August. On Aug. 23, police identified a torso that washed ashore in Copenhagen as Wall s. Coroners examined what turned out to be a left arm after it was found in Koge Bay just outside of Copenhagen - near the route that had been searched in connection with the submarine case. Divers and police will continue the search for the right arm along with further evidence on Thursday. Madsen admitted to dismembering Wall on board his submarine and dumping her body parts in the sea, but he still denies murdering her and a charge of sexual assault without intercourse. The trial has been set to take place in Copenhagen next March. (The story adds distance in miles in second paragraph) ",1
14136,"Rosneft's Sechin a no-show as witness in bribery trial again, ordered to appear next week","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Rosneft Chief Executive Igor Sechin again failed to show up as a witness at the bribery trial of a former Russian economy minister on Wednesday, prompting the judge to order him to appear next week. Sechin, boss of Russia s biggest oil company and a close ally of President Vladimir Putin, had told the court he would be unavailable for the rest of the year. He is a key witness in the trial of Alexei Ulyukayev, who was arrested last year after a late night meeting in Sechin s office. Ulyukayev faces up to 15 years in prison, accused of accepting $2 million from Sechin in return for approving the sale of a state-controlled oil company to Rosneft. Police detained him inside Rosneft headquarters shortly after Sechin handed him the cash. Ulyukayev denies the accusations and says he was framed by Sechin. His lawyers say their client cannot testify in court prior to Sechin s testimony as a witness.  All of us are here thanks to witness Sechin,  Ulyukayev s lawyer Timofei Gridnev told the court after Sechin failed to appear on Wednesday. Gridnev said it was the third time Sechin had ignored a summons to appear. Judge Larisa Semyonova read out a letter from Sechin s lawyers saying he would be unable to attend for the rest of the year due to his tight schedule, but she nevertheless summoned him for next Monday. Rosneft made clear later on Wednesday that chances its boss would appear in court on Monday were rather slim.  This hunt for Sechin discredits the court. Sechin is not the accused one,  Rosneft spokesman Mikhail Leontyev told Reuters.  All this shouting of Sechin s name in court and these dates are trash.  Before his arrest, Ulyukayev was one of the leading figures in a faction of economic liberals who argued for less state control over the economy. Sechin is widely seen as the main champion of the opposite view, that the state should consolidate its grip, particularly over the energy sector that provides a large share of Russia s state revenue through its two biggest companies, Rosneft and Gazprom. Ulyukayev had opposed last year s sale of the medium-sized oil company Bashneft to Rosneft. But prosecutors say he signed off on the deal and then took the cash from Sechin. Sechin missed Wednesday s hearings because he is on a business trip to western Siberia, where on Tuesday he attended the opening of a new Rosneft oil field. On Wednesday, he met a regional governor and chaired a meeting with Rosneft s management in the Siberian city of Khanty-Mansiisk, Rosneft said. ",1
14137,German police detain suspect in global online drug ring,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German police detained a 29-year-old man suspected of trading narcotic drugs internationally over the internet through anonymous websites and sending them by mail to customers in Germany, police said on Wednesday. In cooperation with Dutch authorities, police seized 400,000 euros ($470,840) and 75 kg (165 lb) of ecstasy, marijuana, cocaine, amphetamine and heroin at the apartments of the suspect and at his mother in the Netherlands. The dealer and his partners, using the pseudonyms  Mr. Drug Commander  and  Drugs Squad , were receiving orders mostly from German customers on black market websites such as  Hansa Market  and  Dream Market , federal criminal police said. The man, who was not identified, was arrested on Nov. 9 while entering Germany to mail 34 shipments of drugs. A day earlier, in Ingolstadt in Bavaria, police had arrested a man who had ordered marijuana and amphetamines.  Dutch authorities are still looking for other gang members. Police said online drug shops are boosting drug consumption and trafficking, requiring a shift in approach by German authorities.  The supposedly anonymous ordering on the Internet motivates more young people to buy, consume or even sell drugs for profit,  said federal criminal police in a statement. Police said the investigation began in August, leading to the initial arrest in October of six people in the Bavarian town of Coburg, which in turn helped identified 12 other buyers. German customs police in July said they expected far more cocaine to flood into Europe in the future, and had seized nearly five tonnes of the drug in northern sea ports so far this year, more than three times their total in 2016. [L5N1KF3CV] ",1
14138,"Pope to meet head of Myanmar army, Rohingya refugees: Vatican","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis will meet the head of Myanmar s army and Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh, both late additions to a tour of the two countries next week. Human rights monitors and U.N. officials have accused Myanmar s military of atrocities, including mass rape, against the stateless Rohingya during operations that followed insurgent attacks on 30 police posts and an army base. Vatican spokesman Greg Burke said on Wednesday that the pope would meet army head Senior General Min Aung Hlaing on Nov. 30 in a church residence in Yangon. Myanmar Cardinal Charles Maung Bo had talks with the pope in Rome on Saturday and suggested that he add a meeting with the general to the schedule for a trip that is proving to be one of the most politically sensitive since Francis was elected in 2013. Both the pope and the general agreed. Some 600,000 Rohingya refugees, most of them Muslim and from Myanmar s northern Rakhine state, have fled to Bangladesh. Burke said a small group of Rohingya refugees would be present at an inter-religious meeting for peace in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka on Dec 1. Myanmar s government has denied most of the claims of atrocities against the Rohingya, and the army last week said its own investigation found no evidence of wrongdoing by troops. The pope will separately meet the country s leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, in the capital Naypyitaw, on Nov. 28 in an encounter that was already on the schedule. Briefing reporters on the trip, Burke gave no details of how the Rohingya who will meet the pope would be chosen. A source in Dhaka said the refugees would be able to tell the pope about their experiences. Both events were not on the original schedule of the Nov. 26-Dec. 2 trip. Bo, the cardinal from Myanmar, has advised the pope not to use the word Rohingya while in Myanmar because it is incendiary in the country where they are not recognized as an ethnic group. Burke said the pope took the advice seriously but added:  We will find out together during the trip ... it is not a forbidden word . ",1
14139,U.S. hopes to pressure Myanmar to permit Rohingya repatriation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States hopes its determination that ethnic cleansing  occurred against the Rohingya will raise pressure on Myanmar s military and civilian leadership to respond to the crisis and allow displaced people to return home, a U.S. official said on Wednesday.  The determination does indicate we feel it was ... organized planned and systematic,  a senior U.S. official told reporters on a conference call.  It does not point the finger at any specific group, but there is a limited number of groups that can be involved in that planning and organization.  ",1
14140,"Israeli veteran, government clash over alleged abuse of Palestinian","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli ex-soldier who serves as a spokesman for a group that documents alleged abuses of Palestinians has set off a legal tussle with the Israeli authorities by saying he himself beat a detainee. After Dean Issacharoff, a former army lieutenant, spoke of the incident in a speech uploaded to YouTube in April, the Israeli Justice Ministry took the unusual move of launching an investigation, with him as a suspect. Issacharoff, the son of a senior diplomat, belongs to Breaking the Silence, a circle of army veterans that has long angered Israeli leaders by publicising abroad what it says are   confessions of war crimes in occupied Palestinian territory. The group portrayed as another example of Israeli military excess Issacharoff s account of what he said was his own beating of a Palestinian stone-thrower in the West Bank town of Hebron while trying to handcuff him in 2014. But the Justice Ministry last week declared the case closed, saying questioning of the alleged Palestinian victim showed the event had never happened and that Issacharoff had made a  mendacious claim . On Twitter, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu celebrated the decision as  further proof Breaking the Silence lies and slanders our soldiers . Issacharoff retorted on social media that the ministry had questioned the wrong Palestinian - a man he had detained separately in Hebron around the same time. Breaking the Silence issued what it said was video of the right incident, showing Issacharoff frog-marching a handcuffed man. The Palestinian appears to have dark patches on his cheeks, which the group said were bruises from Issacharoff having kneed him. Issacharoff said he bloodied the Palestinian, though no blood is seen on the detainee in the footage. Achiya Schatz, another Breaking the Silence spokesman,  accused the Justice Ministry of clearing Issacharoff in order to discredit the group.  This was a politicised investigation, made-to-order for the elimination of opposition (voices),  Schatz said. Prosecutor Nurit Littman denied any bias and said  Issacharoff s testimony had been too sketchy to produce corroboration.  We do not dabble in politics. We deal in evidence,  she told Army Radio, leaving open the possibility of a new investigation taking into consideration the new video.  Interviewed on Israeli television, the Palestinian, Faisal al-Natsheh, said he had been detained though he had not thrown stones, and had been beaten by troops. He could not confirm Issacharoff was among them.  They didn t let me look at them, not even once,  he said. ",1
14141,Draft opposition statement calls for Assad to leave at start of transition: Arabiya,"RIYADH (Reuters) - The draft of a final statement by a Syrian opposition meeting in Riyadh calls for the departure of President Bashar al-Assad at the beginning of any transition, Saudi-owned Al Arabiya television said on Wednesday. An array of opposition groups and figures began meeting earlier in the day in a bid to unify the group s position ahead of U.N.-backed peace talks to end the country s six-year civil war. Some opposition members have hinted that the new communique could drop any mention of Assad, softening a long-standing demand that he not have a role in any transition. ",1
14142,France's Le Pen says victim of 'banking fatwa' over account closures,"PARIS/NANTERRE (Reuters) - French far-right leader Marine Le Pen accused two banks on Wednesday of launching a  banking fatwa  to silence her National Front party by closing bank accounts of hers and her party s. The banks said they had acted within regulatory requirements but declined to offer fuller explanations. Le Pen is smarting from defeat in this year s presidential and parliamentary elections, during which she accused French banks of being politically biased for not lending to her campaigns.  This is an attempt to suffocate an opposition party, and no democrat should accept that,  Le Pen told a news conference, calling on President Emmanuel Macron and other political parties to back her National Front (FN). Le Pen said the FN would file a complaint against Societe Generale and its subsidiary, Credit du Nord. She also plans a complaint against HSBC for closing a personal account of hers. The FN says Societe Generale closed its accounts earlier this month, and when the central bank ordered a subsidiary, Credit du Nord, to manage an account for the party, the bank refused to process cheque and credit card payments. Societe Generale rejected the accusations.  Decisions to open or close a bank account depend purely on banking reasons ... without taking into account any political consideration,  it said in a statement. It added that Credit du Nord offered an FN representative banking services required by law but gave no more details. HSBC said it complied with all necessary regulations and could not publicly discuss client relationships.  In France, banks are allowed to close accounts with advance notice and do not have to say why.  Holding an account is a right, however, and a customer can ask the Bank of France to designate a bank that would be forced to open one. But the designated bank can choose to limit the use of the account to basic banking services.     The Bank of France would not comment. The FN has long said it struggled with financing. It came under scrutiny for a 9 million-euro loan it got in 2014 from a now-defunct Russian bank. It spent 12.5 million euros ($14.70 million) on the presidential election alone this year. Party supporters have since been asked to lend it money directly. At her news conference, Le Pen asked party supporters to react to the account closures. Hours later, the hashtag  JeQuitteLaSG , or  I Leave Societe Generale , was the top trending topic on Twitter in France.  Government spokesman Christophe Castaner said the FN should be allowed to have a bank account and use it normally.  But I do not know why the bank told its client, the National Front,  Thank you and goodbye , so I cannot comment on the substance of the case,  he told a weekly news conference.  ",1
14143,South Africa's Zuma met Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa in Pretoria,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma hosted Zimbabwe s former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa in Pretoria on Wednesday, eNCA television footage showed. The ruling ZANU-PF party nominated Mnangagwa to fill the vacancy left by Robert Mugabe, who resigned as president on Tuesday, ending nearly four decades in power. Mnangagwa has said he fled Zimbabwe for his own safety, and he is expected to return to Harare on Wednesday. ",1
14144,"Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa arrives home, to be sworn in as president Friday","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa arrived back in the country on Wednesday, two days before he is due to be sworn in as president to replace Robert Mugabe, ruling party ZANU-PF official Larry Mavhima said. Mugabe resigned as Zimbabwe s president on Tuesday, a week after the army and his former political allies moved to end four decades of rule by a man once feted as an independence hero who became feared as a despot. ",1
14145,Somalia says it requested U.S. air strike that killed 100 militants,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Somalia s government said on Wednesday it had requested a U.S. air strike that killed scores of suspected militants to help pave the way for an upcoming ground offensive against Islamist group al Shabaab. The U.S. military s Africa Command (Africom) said on Tuesday it had killed more than 100 of the al Qaeda-linked insurgents in the strike on a camp 125 miles (200 km) northwest of the capital Mogadishu.  Those militants were preparing explosives and attacks. Operations against al Shabaab have been stepped up,          Somali Information Minister Abdirahman Omar Osman told Reuters.  We have asked the U.S. to help us from the air to make our readied ground offensive more successful.  Al Shabaab spokesman Abdiasis Abu Musab denied the air strike had taken place.  It is just... propaganda,  he told Reuters.  The United States has ramped up operations in Somalia this year after President Donald Trump loosened the rules of engagement in March. Africom reported eight U.S. air strikes from May to August, compared to 13 for the whole of 2016. Including Tuesday s strike, it has reported five this month alone. The Pentagon said the U.S. military would continue to target militants in strikes in coordination with the Somali government. Al Shabaab has lost control of most of Somalia s cities and towns since African Union peacekeepers supporting Somali troops pushed the insurgency out of the capital Mogadishu in 2011. But it retains a strong presence in parts of the south and center. Somali president Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, a dual U.S.-Somali citizen, has taken a harder line than his predecessors against the insurgency since he was sworn in earlier this year. But his plans have been undermined by the poor state of the Somali military and political infighting.  He has also had to try to mend fences with the powerful Habar Gidir clan, following a raid involving U.S. forces on the town of Bariire in August in which 10 people were killed including three children. ",1
14146,Italian left's efforts to stop migrants may backfire at election,"ROME (Reuters) - A deal with Libya that has slashed the number of migrants reaching Italy could scupper the ruling center Democratic Party s (PD) already dwindling hopes of staying in power next year as it is opposed by the PD s potential coalition partners. The deal, struck in February, is popular with the Italian public and with right-wing and anti-establishment parties now ahead in opinion polls, but it has drawn criticism from the United Nations, rights groups and many on Italy s left. Under the accord, Italy and the European Union pledged to finance migrant camps in Libya, and Rome also agreed to train the Libyan coastguard, part of a crackdown on migrants attempting the hazardous sea crossing to Europe. But the deal has also led to tens of thousands of migrants being trapped in Libya, where humanitarian groups say they are locked up in appalling conditions, bought and sold, and subjected to crimes on a daily basis. One politician who wants changes to the agreement is Emma Bonino, a former foreign minister in a center government.  I ve always criticized this agreement with Libya. It s a cork in a bottle that cannot hold,  Bonino told Reuters.  Italians have the perception that they are being invaded by Muslim foreigners. It s not true. Fear is fantastic for winning elections, but it s simply useless for controlling migration.   Bonino is considering forming a pro-EU party with other left-leaning figures that could support the PD ahead of next year s national election, which must be held by May. In other criticism of the Libya deal, Giulio Marcon, the top lawmaker in the lower house for the Italian Left party, said:  We cannot be complicit in migrant push backs.  Left-wing voters hold humanitarian values dear, said Marcon, whose party has so far refused an alliance with the PD.  ANTI-IMMIGRANT PARTIES GAINING The PD needs the support of other parties, on the left in particular. It trailed the populist 5-Star Movement in a recent poll with 24 percent to 29 percent, while a center coalition that includes the anti-immigrant Northern League, Silvio Berlusconi s Forza Italia (Go Italy!) and the far-right Brothers of Italy has combined support totaling about 36 percent.   The deal with Libya, modeled on a similar one struck between the EU and Turkey, has been successful in reducing the flow of migrants into Italy, with arrivals down by about a third so far this year compared to the same period in 2016. In October alone arrivals were down about 80 percent from a year earlier. Ordinary Italians, alarmed by the arrival of some 600,000 migrants in the past four years, have welcomed the trend. An SWG poll this month showed two thirds of Italians do not want more immigrants, fearing they will take away jobs and increase crime. The Northern League, tapping into the anti-immigrant mood, has seen its popularity more than double to about 15 percent in three years. Its leader, Matteo Salvini, has accused  fake refugees  of  invading  Italy and bringing crime with them.  Not to be outdone, the 5-Star Movement s candidate for prime minister, Luigi Di Maio, this summer accused charity ships rescuing migrants piled onto overcrowded and unseaworthy boats of being a  taxi service . Under the February deal, Libya s coastguard has so far picked up about 20,000 migrants, including refugees. They are then forced into detention centers where they can be held indefinitely. Last week the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights condemned the EU s support for the Libyan coastguard as  inhuman  because intercepted migrants were imprisoned and subjected to  unimaginable horrors . Former U.N. secretary-general and Nobel Peace Prize winner Kofi Annan said the Libya deal suggested Italy was complicit in a breach of the Geneva Convention, which says refugees cannot be returned to a place where they may be persecuted.  Under the Convention, you cannot push them (refugees) back. But if you make an arrangement with somebody else to keep them from moving, in a way you are complicit,  Annan said during a trip to Rome this month. ",1
14147,"Iran's Rouhani says foreign interference in Syria must end, names no names","SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday that foreign interference in the conflict in Syria must end and foreign military presence in the country may only be acceptable if it is by the invitation of Syria s government. Rouhani, who stopped short of naming any specific nations, also told his Russian counterparts Vladimir Putin and Turkey s Tayyip Erdogan that now there was the need to uproot the last terrorist cells in Syria and the ground was prepared for political settlement. Rouhani was speaking at the three leaders  meeting in the southern Russian city of Sochi.     ",1
14148,Turkey's Erdogan says critical decisions on Syria will be made today,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - Critical decisions will be taken for a solution to the Syrian crisis at a summit between Turkey, Russia and Iran on Wednesday, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said. Speaking alongside Russian President Vladimir Putin and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in the southern Russian city of Sochi, Erdogan said it was vital for all parties to contribute to a political solution in the crisis that is acceptable for the Syrian people. ",1
14149,Once triumphant Bosnian Serb commander Mladic reduced to frail genocide defendant,"SARAJEVO (Reuters) - In the 1990s he was the burly, brash general leading nationalist Bosnian Serbs towards a seemingly sweeping victory in Bosnia s war. Two decades later, he was reduced to an ailing old man trying in vain to delay judgment for genocide in a U.N. court. On Wednesday, the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) convicted Ratko Mladic, 74, in one of the highest profile war crimes cases since the post-World War Two Nuremberg trials of Germany s Nazi leadership.  Radovan Karadzic, political leader of Bosnia s Serbs in the 1992-95 war, and Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic, who armed and funded Bosnian Serb forces, were tried on the same charges. The ICTY convicted Karadzic in 2016 and jailed him for 40 years. Milosevic died in his cell in 2006 before his trial ended.  Defiant until the close of his five-year trial, Mladic  desperately tried to postpone the verdict. His lawyers persistently accused the ICTY of denying him proper medical care. They asked for him to be treated in Serbia or Russia, but were rebuffed. Prosecutors demanded a life sentence for the man who critics called the  Butcher of Bosnia . His lawyers called for his acquittal and release, arguing he never approved mass killings of Muslim or Croat civilians in Bosnia s vicious, often neighbourhood war and was a victim of Western anti-Serb bias.  Mladic said he wanted to be remembered as a defender of Serbs in a struggle for survival against Muslims dating back centuries, and made urgent by a Muslim-Croat vote for Bosnia s independence from Serbian-led Yugoslavia in 1992.  I am General Ratko Mladic. The whole world knows who I am,  he told a pre-trial hearing in 2011.  I am here defending my country and people, not Ratko Mladic.     Mladic was charged with genocide for the slaughter of 8,000 unarmed Bosnian Muslim men and boys rounded up in the town of Srebrenica, and his forces  43-month-long siege of Sarajevo in which thousands of civilians were killed by artillery, mortar, tank and sniper fire from the rugged hills ringing the capital. From the time of his ICTY indictment in mid-1995, before the war ended, it took 17 years to bring him to trial in The Hague - a testament to the loyalty he inspired among Serbs who helped conceal him and to the resilience of their nationalist cause. But as Serbia evolved after Bosnia s war from authoritarian rule to democracy seeking integration with the European Union, Mladic lost his sanctuary. When Serbian police acting on an ICTY arrest warrant finally traced Mladic to a cousin s farmhouse in May 2011, they found a penniless, shambling and ill old man. The son of a World War Two Yugoslav partisan killed in 1945, Mladic was a general in the old communist Yugoslav People s Army (JNA) when the multinational Balkan republic began to disintegrate in 1991 with the secession of Slovenia and Croatia. When Bosnia s Serbs rose up in response to a referendum for independence by Muslims and Croats, Mladic took over Belgrade s forces in Bosnia which swiftly overran 70 percent of the country with a combination of daring, ruthlessness and brutality. Serb paramilitaries entered the conflict with a campaign of murder, rape, mutilation and expulsion mainly against Bosnian Muslims. Dozens of towns were besieged with heavy weapons and villages were burned down as 22,000 U.N. peacekeeping troops stood by more or less helplessly, with orders not to take sides. Mladic had a cameraman film the blitz of the Muslim enclave of Srebrenica, showing him bronzed and fit at 53, extolling his  lads  and haranguing hapless Dutch U.N. peacekeepers who took his soldier s word that the inhabitants would be safe. Instead, 8,000 of them were systematically executed in a massacre that took several days in July 1995. TV footage showed Mladic asserting that he had  liberated  Srebrenica and gifted it to Serbs as revenge against  Turks  who ruled the region when it was part of the Ottoman Empire.   Muslim men and boys were separated from women, stripped of identification then shot. The dead were bulldozed into mass graves. The remains were later dug up and hauled away in trucks to be better hidden from the world in more remote mass graves. Over 6,900 victims have since been identified by DNA tests. The massacre was the grim culmination of a 3-1/2-year conflict in which the beefy general had pounded Sarajevo daily with the entire Bosnian Serb arsenal, killing over 11,000 people, until local sports fields were overflowing with graves. His goal, ICTY prosecutors said, was ethnic cleansing - the forcible extermination or expulsion of Muslims, Croats and other non-Serbs to clear Bosnian lands for a  Greater Serbia . Prosecutors said it was a conspiracy in which Mladic and Karadzic were aided, armed and abetted by Milosevic. Only a combination of Western pressure and covert American arms and training for Croats and Muslims turned the tide in 1995 against Mladic s army, ultimately depriving it of equipment and fuel supplies from Serbia. NATO air strikes did the rest. He spent only half his time at large as a hunted fugitive. Even after Milosevic fell to a pro-democracy uprising in 2000, Mladic remained well protected in various Belgrade apartments until 2005. He received treatment at a top military hospital. Sporadic sightings put him at a Belgrade horse race or soccer match.  When finally arrested in the shabby rural farmhouse, he put up no resistance. His right arm was lame, the apparent result of an untreated stroke.  His trial had to be delayed over and over because of his shaky health. Yet in court, Mladic grinned as a judge read out the charges of genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity. Srebrenica massacre survivors attending one hearing were shocked when he made a throat-slitting gesture towards a Muslim woman who had lost her husband, son and several brothers. In 2014, he refused to give evidence in support of old ally Karadzic, calling the tribunal a  satanic court .  When the time finally came on Wednesday to face judgment, Mladic delayed proceedings, first by taking a bathroom break and undergoing a blood pressure test at his request, then screaming  This is all lies, you are all liars  on returning to the court. He was hustled out of the chamber, and the tribunal announced he had been convicted of genocide and crimes against humanity. Mladic will appeal against the verdict, his lawyer said. Even with his conviction on Wednesday, Mladic s trial is unlikely to further post-war reconciliation in Bosnia. The U.S.-brokered Dayton Accords of 1995 halted the bloodshed by dividing Bosnia into a semi-autonomous Serb Republic entity and a Bosniak-Croat Federation. This did not heal ethnic splits or prevent a resurgence of Serb separatism. Most Bosnian Serbs remain convinced that Mladic is innocent, and that the tribunal is utterly biased against them. Of the 83 defendants the ICTY has convicted, over 60 of them are Serbs.  I am a very old man ... and I am not important,  Mladic  told the tribunal.  It matters what kind of legacy I will leave behind, among my people.  ",1
14150,U.N.'s de Mistura to discuss Syria in Moscow on Thursday: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.N. special envoy on Syria Staffan de Mistura will visit Moscow on Thursday for talks on the situation in Syria, RIA news agency quoted him as saying on Wednesday. De Mistura will meet Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu to discuss preparations for a new round of Geneva peace talks on Syria and a proposed congress on Syria in Russia s Black Sea resort of Sochi, RIA reported.  ",1
14151,US renews grant for clearing bombs in Cambodia,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - The United States on Wednesday opened a $2 million tender to help clear unexploded bombs in Cambodia weeks after the government s mine clearance agency said its U.S. funding had been stopped. Relations between Cambodia and the United States have spiraled downwards this year with the government accusing Americans of involvement in a plan by detained opposition leader Kem Sokha to bring down Prime Minister Hun Sen. Washington has rejected the accusations as baseless. Last week, it said it was cutting aid for next year s election and would take further steps after the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) was dissolved by the Supreme Court at the government s request. The U.S. embassy said it was accepting applications for a $2 million one-year grant to survey and clear unexploded ordnance in eastern Cambodia, which suffered heavy U.S. bombing during the war in neighboring Vietnam.  The United States has supported humanitarian demining in Cambodia for over 20 years and is committed to addressing our war-time legacy,  Ambassador William Heidt said in a statement.  We are looking for the best national and international experts.  The size of the contract matches the amount which the government s Cambodian Mine Action Centre said earlier this month had been cut from funding it received from the United States through Norwegian People s Aid.  We welcome the commitment in taking part in addressing the legacy of the war,  said Huy Vannak, undersecretary of state at the Interior Ministry. China, now Cambodia s closest ally, was quick to step in with an offer of help for demining soon afterwards. China is Cambodia s biggest donor and investor and has played an ever more prominent role as Western countries have criticized a crackdown on the opposition, civil society groups and media ahead of next year s election. Although it has not taken action, the European Union pointed out last week that Cambodia s access to duty free access vital to its garment industry depended on respect for human rights. Hun Sen told garment workers on Wednesday that they would be the ones to suffer - not him - if the access was withdrawn. European Union countries accounted for about 40 percent of Cambodia s exports in 2016. Most of that was clothing.  You must remember clearly that if there is any cut of buying orders, it s all the fault of a group of people of the opposition party,  Hun Sen told garment workers in Phnom Penh.  Hun Sen won t die but workers, you will die,  he said. The prime minister accused exiled opposition leaders of trying to get sanctions imposed. They have so far said they would not call for measures to curb trade because of the impact it could have on the livelihoods of an estimated 700,000 garment workers. Cambodia s economy has proved largely immune to political turbulence. The World Bank said on Wednesday it expected the economy to grow 6.9 percent next year, compared with a projected 6.8 percent pace in 2017, despite risks including uncertainty over the election. ",1
14152,Russia's Kerimov to be formally put under investigation in France: prosecutor,"PARIS (Reuters) - Russian businessman Suleiman Kerimov, arrested in France earlier this week by tax fraud investigators, will be presented to a judge with a view to formally placing him under judicial investigation, a public prosecutor said on Wednesday. Under France s legal system, being formally placed under investigation often   but not always   leads to a person being sent to trial. ",1
14153,"Uganda police say raid newspaper, detain staff over article about president","KAMPALA (Reuters) - Ugandan police raided the office of a local newspaper, detaining staff and confiscating equipment on allegations it had published an inaccurate story, the paper s lawyer and police said on Wednesday.  The day before the Tuesday evening raid, Red Pepper, Uganda s leading tabloid, published a story alleging that Rwanda believed President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda was plotting to oust President Paul Kagame. The article cited unnamed sources. The government said there were no tensions between Uganda and Rwanda. Police spokesman Emirian Kayima said eight managers and editors at the newspaper s Kampala head office were detained after police searched the paper s Kampala office and confiscated computers and mobile phones.  Kayima said the eight staff were being held at a detention facility in eastern Uganda and would appear in court when investigations were complete.  He said the story contained  serious statements and insinuations...that have grave implications on national and regional security and stability.     The paper s lawyer Maxma Mutabingwa said uniformed police told Red Pepper staff during the search that they wanted  material and information on a story published on Monday . He said some managers  homes were also searched but gave no details.  Red Pepper was not published on Wednesday and staff had not been allowed to access the offices since the raid, Mutabingwa said.  Human rights groups say harassment of independent media by security personnel has been escalating in the East African country where Museveni, 73, has ruled for 31 years. Local media including Red Pepper have reported this month on tensions between Uganda and neighboring Rwanda over a range of economic and security disputes.   There s no tension between Uganda and Rwanda...we have no problem at all (with Rwanda),  Uganda s foreign affairs ministry spokeswoman, Margaret Kafeero, told Reuters.  She said Uganda had not received any official complaint from Rwanda regarding any allegations of a plot against Kagame and that the reports in Ugandan media were  rumors . Relations between the two countries are often complicated by a shared history which has by turns been a source of mutual suspicion and amity.  Kagame, the Rwandan leader, grew up as a refugee in Uganda and also occupied a top position in the Ugandan army after serving in the guerrilla movement that helped Museveni take power in 1986.  The Rwandan leader launched his own rebellion from Uganda that ushered him into power and halted a genocide in Rwanda in which an estimated 800,000 people were killed. ",1
14154,Italy's Berlusconi takes fight against ban from office to European court,"STRASBOURG, France (Reuters) - Lawyers for Silvio Berlusconi argued on Wednesday at the European Court of Human Rights against his ban from holding public office, hoping for a green light that will allow him to run for prime minister at Italy s election early next year. In a hearing before the Strasbourg court, the four-times prime minister appealed against his banishment from holding public office that followed a 2013 tax fraud conviction. It is supposed to remain in place until 2019. The billionaire media tycoon was widely written off after he quit as prime minister in 2011 amid a sex scandal involving his  bunga bunga  parties, while Italian bond yields surged to unsustainable levels at the height of the euro zone debt crisis. However, the 81-year-old Berlusconi has made a remarkable comeback after open heart surgery last year and his Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party is now the lynchpin of a center-right coalition which leads in opinion polls ahead of the election. The  Berlusconi versus Italy  case is being heard by 17 judges who make up the court s Grand Chamber, which is used for particularly important and complex matters. Berlusconi has hired a top London law firm to represent him.  At the end of the hearing Edward Fitzgerald, a lawyer for Berlusconi, told reporters an  injustice  had taken place in the Italian courts.  Basic procedural guarantees were lacking for doing something as massive and draconian as depriving an elected official of his electoral mandate, and the people who elected him of their right to be represented by the person they chose.  The court will not issue a verdict on Wednesday, and even if it eventually decides in favor of Berlusconi the ruling may not come in time for him to run in the election, which must be held by May next year. In an interview on Wednesday with la Repubblica newspaper, Berlusconi said he would still be campaigning for his party whether he can stand for office or not.  Irrespective of whether I can stand, I ll be a player and I ll bring the center-right to power,  he said. Berlusconi was not present at the hearing. Berlusconi argues that because the tax fraud took place many years before the 2013 Italian law that bars him from running for office was passed, the legislation is being applied retroactively and is therefore illegitimate.  Berlusconi received a four-year prison sentence in August 2013 for organizing a complex scheme to illegally lower the tax bill of his Mediaset media company.  Three of the four years were immediately waived due to an amnesty to relieve prison overcrowding, and he was allowed to serve the remaining year in community service, helping out in an old people s home.  After the conviction, Berlusconi was expelled from Rome s Senate, or upper house of parliament. With or without Berlusconi, the election is expected to produce a hung parliament. The anti-establishment 5-Star Movement leads in opinion polls with around 28 percent of the vote, followed by the ruling center-left Democratic Party on about 25 percent.  The center-right bloc is made up of Forza Italia and the anti-immigrant Northern League, each on around 14 percent, and the right-wing Brothers of Italy, with around 5 percent. ",1
14155,Few tears in China as old friend Mugabe ousted in Zimbabwe,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China is shedding few tears over the ousting of its old friend Robert Mugabe as president of Zimbabwe, fed up with the ruinous state of its economy and confident a new government will not antagonize China or change course on policies towards it. China pointedly failed to offer any open support for Mugabe after the army took power last week, instead calling vaguely for a peaceful resolution under a legal framework and for talks to bridge differences. On Wednesday, the foreign ministry said it respected Mugabe s decision to resign as president, and that he remained a   good friend  of China s who made  historic contributions to Zimbabwe s independence and liberation . China s friendship with Mugabe dates back to Zimbabwe s independence struggle, which China supported. Mugabe has visited China numerous times, most recently in January when President Xi Jinping told him:  China will never forget its old friends.  But trade has sagged amid Zimbabwe s economic turmoil of recent years, and China does not rely on it for any crucial raw materials, unlike Zambia for its copper or Angola and oil. China s total trade with Zimbabwe in 2016 was worth $1.11 billion, down 15 percent on-year, a fraction of the $35.3 billion in trade China and South Africa did. Last year, China did more trade with Tunisia and Senegal than Zimbabwe.  It has been clear to China what has caused the problems, and China showed no desire to prop up Mugabe in his hour of need. China will not interfere and is happy to let Zimbabwe s people make their own choices, said Shen Xiaolei, an Africa expert at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences government think-tank.  The ruling party is fighting amongst itself, and his economic policies and national governance have had many problems,  Shen said.   Zimbabwe s regime was certainly going to get into trouble; I just didn t expect it would happen so fast.  In contrast to his elevated status on the continent, Mugabe is reviled in the West as a despot whose disastrous handling of the economy and willingness to resort to violence to maintain power destroyed one of Africa s most promising states. In 2015, Mugabe won the Confucius Peace Prize, supposed to be China s answer to the Nobel Peace Prize, but he turned it down according to Zimbabwe media after he learned it had no connection with the Chinese government. China had been an important ally on the world stage too for Mugabe. In 2008, China vetoed a proposed Western-backed U.N. resolution that would have imposed an arms embargo on Zimbabwe and financial and travel restrictions on Mugabe and 13 other officials, saying it would  complicate  conflict. China has denied that it knew anything about the army take over, despite a visit to Beijing by Zimbabwe s military chief, General Constantino Chiwenga, shortly before he moved against Mugabe. On Monday, the Chinese embassy in South Africa said it was  complete nonsense  to suggest Chiwenga had tipped off China about his plan, saying this was an attempt to smear China and that Mugabe had in any case approved Chiwenga s visit. However, the embassy also did not offer any support to Mugabe, reiterating that China believed Zimbabwe s crisis was an internal affair and that African people should resolve African problems. China s frustrations with Mugabe had begun to play out in its state media. Over the past week, Chinese media has run unfavorable articles about his wife, Grace, with online news portal Sina calling her  a wanton squanderer . On Sunday, the WeChat account of the overseas edition of the ruling Communist Party s official People s Daily carried a largely negative account of a 1985 visit by Mugabe to Beijing when he met former paramount leader Deng Xiaoping, the architect of China s reforms. Showing pictures of Zimbabweans carrying bundles of cash during its hyperinflation crisis, the paper said Zimbabwe s chaos could in large part be traced to Mugabe s extreme leftist, populist policies. Zhang Weiwei, a professor at Shanghai s Fudan University, described a conversation he interpreted between Deng and Mugabe in which Deng warned him of China s mistakes and urged him to embark on the same reforms as China. Mugabe did not seem to get the message, Zhang wrote.  This person didn t take anything in, and that will be his loss,  Zhang cited an exasperated Deng as saying after the meeting. There is confidence too for China that Mugabe s former vice president and likely successor, Emmerson Mnangagwa, whose sacking prompted the military to take power, will not upset China. State media has pointed out he is a known quantity, with frequent visits of his own to China. Whereas Beijing has worried about anti-Chinese feeling in Zambia, where some workers have accused Chinese firms of abuses and underpaying, there have been no such problems in Zimbabwe.  China and Africa are all-weather friends, and China and Zimbabwe are no exception,  said Wang Wei, an associate research fellow at the foreign ministry s China Institute of International Studies.  It does not matter what changes there are in government officials, the broader trend is still to develop friendly relations between China and Zimbabwe and China and Africa to promote joint prosperity and development.  ",1
14156,Britain wants Zimbabwe to rejoin international community: PM May,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain wants Zimbabwe to rejoin the international community following the resignation of Robert Mugabe, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday.  We want to see that country rejoining the international community,  May told parliament. ",1
14157,Germany's FDP does not rule out renewed coalition talks: Beer,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) on Wednesday said they would not rule out renewed talks on a three-way coalition government if Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Greens offered a  completely new package  of proposals.  If it really was possible to build a modern republic in the coming years, then we are the last ones who would refuse to talk,  FDP Secretary General Nicola Beer told ntv German television. But she added:  I can t imagine that this will work.  ",1
14158,"Mladic will appeal conviction, sentence","THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Former Bosnian Serb military leader Ratko Mladic will appeal his conviction and life sentence, his legal team said on Wednesday after a U.N. war crimes tribunal found him guilty of genocide.  It is certain we will file an appeal and the appeal will be successful,  attorney Dragan Ivetic told journalists. ",1
14159,Cyprus says it plans to help defuse Lebanese crisis,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Cyprus on Wednesday said it would try to help defuse a crisis in neighboring Lebanon after Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri made an unexpected stopover on the island on Tuesday night. Cyprus announced the move shortly after Hariri shelved a decision to resign at the request of Lebanon s President Michel Aoun, easing an impasse that had stirred tensions around the Middle East. Hariri met Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades at Larnaca airport for about 45 minutes late on Tuesday on his way back to Lebanon, his first visit home since he unexpectedly announced on Nov. 4 he would resign in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia.   Our common objective is stability in Lebanon, stability in our area. Within this context... the President of the Republic will undertake some initiatives precisely to promote this objective; stability in Lebanon,  Cypriot government spokesman Nikos Christodoulides said. Christodoulides said Anastasiades s initiatives would be directed toward European Union and neighboring states, but was not more specific.  Cyprus is uniquely placed, as a member state of the European Union which also maintains excellent relations with all its neighbors. That (position) is broadly recognized and would allow us to work to achieve stability in Lebanon,  he said. The island, perched on the edge of the Middle East, is broadly considered a neutral safe haven in an otherwise volatile region. It took in thousands of Lebanese fleeing civil war in the 1970s and successfully mediated an end to a 39-day siege of the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem between Israeli forces and suspected Palestinian militants. On Tuesday Anastasiades received an invitation to visit Saudi Arabia, Christodoulides said. It was not immediately clear if it was connected to the crisis, though Cypriot government officials told Reuters the visit had been planned for some time. ",1
14160,Lebanon PM Hariri to supporters: 'I'm staying with you',"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri told his supporters on Wednesday he would stay with them, after suspending his resignation in a move that eased a major political crisis.  I am staying with you and will continue with you...to be a line of defense for Lebanon, Lebanon s stability and Lebanon s Arabism,  he said to hundreds of people gathered outside his house in central Beirut. ",1
14161,"Scope of Kerimov's immunity status up to judge to decide upon, says France","PARIS (Reuters) - The scope of the immunity status accorded to Russian businessman and lawmaker Suleiman Kerimov, who has been arrested in France, is up to the French judge dealing with the matter to decide upon, said the French foreign ministry.  Kerimov was arrested by French police at Nice airport on Monday evening in connection with a tax evasion case, and the Kremlin said it would do everything in its power to defend his lawful interests.  It is up to the judge, who has been called upon in this case, to clarify whether the charges that have been brought against him are related to his official roles and would therefore be protected by diplomatic immunity,  said French foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne. Kerimov is ranked by Forbes magazine as one of Russia s richest  businessman, with a net worth of $6.3 billion. His family controls Russia s largest gold producer Polyus. ",1
14162,Serbia PM says must leave the past behind after Mladic verdict,"OSLO (Reuters) - Ex-Bosnian Serb general Rakto Mladic s conviction for war crimes did not come as a surprise, Serbia s prime minister said on Wednesday.  We need to look to the future, so we finally have a stable country,  Ana Brnabic told reporters during a visit to Oslo.  We need to leave the past behind,  she said. A U.N. tribunal convicted Mladic of genocide and crimes against humanity for orchestrating massacres and ethnic cleansing during Bosnia s war and sentenced him to life in prison. ",1
14163,Thailand arrests woman wanted over deadly 2015 bombing at shrine,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Police in Thailand on Wednesday arrested a woman wanted in connection with a 2015 bombing in Bangkok that killed 20 people, 14 of them foreign tourists. The blast at a central Bangkok shrine popular with visitors from China and elsewhere in Asia raised fears of a spillover of violence from China s western Xinjiang region, where some members of the Uighur Muslim minority oppose Beijing s rule. No group claimed responsibility for the blast that killed five people from mainland China and two from Hong Kong and wounded more than 120 people. The Thai woman suspect, Wanna Suansan, 29 was arrested at Bangkok airport, said deputy national police chief Srivara Ransibrahmanakul. He declined to say where she had arrived from. Wanna faced various charges including premeditated murder and co-possession of explosives and weapons, police said. She is one of 17 people wanted in connection with the bombing.  After questioning police will send her to prosecutors,  Srivara told reporters at Bangkok s national police headquarters. Two ethnic Muslim Uighur men from China were accused of carrying out the bomb attack and are on trial in Thailand. They have denied all charges. Investigators said in 2015 Wanna rented a room in Bangkok to one of those men. She fled the country shortly after the attack. Police ruled out  terrorism , saying the bombing was prompted by a crackdown on human smuggling networks. But many analysts and diplomats said it was likely an act of revenge for Thailand s deportation to China of the more than 100 Uighurs in July that year. A relative of Wanna s told reporters at the national police headquarters that Wanna wanted to come back to Thailand to prove her innocence. ",1
14164,SocGen says no wrongdoing in handling of National Front accounts,"PARIS (Reuters) - French bank Societe Generale on Wednesday rejected the far-right National Front s accusations that it had acted to  suffocate  the party by closing accounts.   Societe Generale group s decisions on whether to open or close a bank account depend purely on banking reasons and in respect of all regulatory requirements, without taking into account any political consideration,  it said in a statement.  Regarding the opening of an account at Credit du Nord, a financial representative of Front National asked the Bank of France for the right to have a bank account as an individual. Credit du Nord responded to the Bank of France s requirements and offered the services required within the right s regulatory framework.  Credit du Nord is part of the French retail banking network of SocGen. ",1
14165,"U.N.'s Zeid says Mladic 'epitome of evil', no escape from justice","GENEVA (Reuters) - Former Bosnian Serb army commander Ratko Mladic is the  epitome of evil  and his conviction on Wednesday for genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes was a  momentous victory for justice , U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein said.   Mladic is the epitome of evil, and the prosecution of Mladic is the epitome of what international justice is all about,  Zeid said in a statement.  Today s verdict is a warning to the perpetrators of such crimes that they will not escape justice, no matter how powerful they may be nor how long it may take.  ",1
14166,Norway's police downgrade threat level,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norwegian police said on Wednesday they had lowered the national threat assessment, but still regarded an attack by militants as a possibility. The risk level was lowered to  possible  from  likely , reversing an April decision to raise the threat assessment following an Oslo bomb scare and an attack in neighboring Sweden, where four people were killed. ",1
14167,Egypt detains 29 people on suspicion of espionage for Turkey,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s public prosecutor has ordered the detention of 29 people suspected of espionage on behalf of Turkey and joining a terrorist organization, state news agency MENA reported on Wednesday. According to the results of an investigation by the General Intelligence Services, the group has been recording phone calls and passing information to Turkish intelligence as part of a plan to bring the Muslim Brotherhood back to power in Egypt, MENA said. The nationalities of the suspects were not specified. They are also accused of money laundering and trading currency without a license.  Ties between Ankara and Cairo have been strained since the army ousted President Mohamed Mursi of the Brotherhood following mass protests against his rule in 2013. The Muslim Brotherhood has close ties with Turkey s ruling AK Party and many of its members have fled to Turkey since the group s activities were banned in Egypt. Following Mursi s ouster, Egypt branded the Brotherhood, the world s oldest Islamist movement, a terrorist organisation and most of its senior members have been arrested, driven into exile or underground. The Brotherhood says it is a peaceful organization and has condemned the crackdown. ",1
14168,North Korea calls terror relisting 'serious provocation' by Trump: state media,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea denounced on Wednesday U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to relist it as a state sponsor of terrorism, calling it a  serious provocation and violent infringement , North Korean state media reported.  Trump put North Korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism on Monday, a designation that allows the United States to impose more sanctions and risks inflaming tension over North Korea s nuclear weapons and missile programs. In North Korea s first reaction to the designation, a  spokesman for the foreign ministry denied in an interview with the state media outlet KCNA, that his government engaged in any terrorism. He called the state sponsor of terrorism label  just a tool for American style authoritarianism that can be attached or removed at any time in accordance with its interests . The U.S. designation only made North Korea more committed to retaining its nuclear arsenal, the official said.  As long as the U.S. continues with its anti-DPRK hostile policy, our deterrence will be further strengthened,  he said, referring to North Korea by the initials of its official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea.  The U.S. will be held entirely accountable for all the consequences to be entailed by its impudent provocation to the DPRK.  The designation came a week after Trump returned from a 12-day, five-nation trip to Asia in which he made containing North Korea s nuclear ambitions a centerpiece of his discussions. Announcing the designation, Trump told reporters at the White House:  In addition to threatening the world by nuclear devastation, North Korea has repeatedly supported acts of international terrorism, including assassinations on foreign soil.  ",1
14169,Mnangagwa to be sworn in on Friday as president: Zimbabwe's speaker,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa will be sworn in as president on Friday following the resignation of Robert Mugabe, the parliament speaker said on Wednesday. Speaker Jacob Mudenda said the ruling party ZANU-PF had informed him it has nominated Mnangagwa to fill the vacancy of the office of president, replacing the 93-year-old Mugabe who had clung on for a week after an army takeover. ",1
14170,Escape from North Korea: video shows defector under fire,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A North Korean border guard briefly crossed the border with the South in the chase for a defector last week - a violation of the ceasefire accord between North and South, a video released on Wednesday by the U.N. Command (UNC) in Seoul showed. The North Koreans were only steps behind the young man when they shot him at least four times as he made his escape on Nov. 13. The video, filmed as the defector drove an army truck through the demilitarized zone and then abandoned the vehicle, gives a dramatic insight into his escape.   The defector, identified by a surgeon as a 24-year-old with the family name Oh, was flown by a U.S. military helicopter to a hospital in Suwon, south of Seoul. Doctors said he had regained consciousness, having had two operations to extract the bullets, and his breathing was stable and unassisted.   He is fine,  lead surgeon Lee Cook-Jong said at a news conference in Suwon.  He is not going to die.  A UNC official said North Korea had been informed on Wednesday that it had violated the 1953 armistice agreement, which marked the cessation of hostilities in the Korean War. The UNC official told a news conference that a soldier from the North Korean People s Army (KPA) had crossed the Military Demarcation Line (MDL), the border between the two Koreas, for a few seconds as others fired shots at the defecting soldier.  The key findings of the special investigation team are that the KPA violated the armistice agreement by one, firing weapons across the MDL, and two, by actually crossing the MDL temporarily,  Chad Carroll, Director of Public Affairs for the UNC, told reporters.  The incident comes at a time of heightened tensions between North Korea and the international community over its nuclear weapons program, but Pyongyang has not publicly responded to the defection. The video, released by the UNC, was produced from surveillance cameras on the southern side of the the Joint Security Area (JSA) inside the demilitarized zone. When tree cover is too dense to see the wounded defector crawling across the border, it switches to infra-red. The film begins with a lone dark green army jeep speeding along empty, tree-lined roads toward the border. At one checkpoint, a North Korean guard marches impassively toward the approaching vehicle. It races by. He runs in pursuit. After passing a memorial to North Korea founder Kim Il Sung, where tourists often gather, the jeep runs into a ditch just meters from the border, which is not clearly marked. For several minutes the driver tries to free the vehicle, but the wheels spin uselessly in fallen leaves. The driver abandons the vehicle and sprints away, pushing tree branches out of his way and sending leaves flying. He scrambles up a slope to cross just seconds before more guards appear, shooting as they run.  One slides into a pile of dead leaves to open fire before running forward and appearing to briefly cross the dividing line between the two countries. He quickly turns on his heel. The video does not show the moment the defector is hit, but he is seen lying in a pile of brush next to a concrete wall in a later edited clip.  The UNC s Carroll said the position was still exposed to North Korean checkpoints across the border. Allied troops operating the cameras had by then notified their commanders and a quick reaction force had assembled on the South Korean side, according to Carroll. The video does not show this force. Infrared imagery shows two South Korean soldiers crawling through undergrowth to drag the wounded North Korean to safety, while the deputy commander of the border security unit oversees the rescue from a few meters away. Doctors have conducted a series of surgeries to remove four bullets from the critically wounded soldier, who arrived at the hospital having lost a large amount of blood.  From a medical point of view he was almost dead when he was first brought here,  said the surgeon, Lee. Hospital officials said the man remains in intensive care. The soldier showed signs of depression and possible trauma, in addition to a serious case of parasites that has complicated his treatment, the hospital said in a statement. Lee said last week one of the flesh-colored parasites he removed from the soldier s digestive tract was 27 cm (10.6 in) long. Continuing stress made the soldier hesitant to talk, but he had been cooperative, doctors said. The patient first recovered consciousness on Sunday, and asked where he was in South Korea, Lee said. He was in  agony  when he came to, the surgeon added. Since then doctors have played South Korean pop music for him, and American action movies including  The Transporter   from 2002. On average more than 1,000 North Koreans defect to the South every year, but most travel via China and numbers have fallen since Kim Jong Un came to power in 2011. It is unusual for a North Korean to cross the land border dividing the two Koreas. They  have been in a technical state of war since their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. The last time a North Korean soldier had defected across the JSA was in 2007. ",1
14171,China says hopes South Korea continues to appropriately handle THAAD issue,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his South Korean counterpart Kang Kyung-wha on Wednesday that Beijing hopes Seoul continues to appropriately handle their dispute over the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea, state media said. The installation of the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system had angered China, which fears its powerful radar could look deep into China and threaten its own security. ",1
14172,EU preaches tough love for impatient Ukraine,"BRUSSELS/KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine s EU membership ambitions will collide with the West s reform demands at a summit on Friday with EU leaders ready to admonish Kiev for failing to implement anti-corruption laws that would bring it closer to the West, officials say. European Union leaders gathering in Brussels for the biennial  Eastern Partnership  summit with Ukraine and five other former Soviet republics are worried Kiev has lost interest in the reforms it began with zeal after its pro-European uprising in 2014. At stake for Kiev is new funding to rebuild the corruption-ridden economy, including a possible donors  conference, more EU  financial-sector aid and a Lithuanian-led push for 10-year development fund.  We have to show some tough love because friendly advice isn t working  said a senior EU official preparing the summit with Ukraine, Georgia, Moldova, Azerbaijan, Armenia and Belarus.  Ukraine is the highest-profile test of the EU s 15-year-old policy to build an outer ring of market democracies from the Caucasus to the Sahara without offering EU membership. Backed by Washington, the strategy has so far worked by rewarding President Petro Poroshenko with attention, visa-free travel for Ukrainians and a free-trade deal with the EU.  But Ukraine remains perceived as one of the world s most corrupt countries, according to Transparency International, ranked 131 out of 176 countries in 2016.  Olena Halushka of the non-governmental Anti-Corruption Action Centre in Kiev said the political elite was now trying to  fake  the reforms agreed with Western donors, including energy, judicial and police overhauls.   We are also witnessing attempts to roll back the achievements,  she said of Poroshenko s reforms since 2014. EU leaders are expected to  acknowledge the European aspirations  of Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova in a summit statement - EU code for closer ties but not membership. Kiev wants a promise of EU membership. Washington and Brussels say Ukraine would do well to follow the reformist-minded Baltic countries, now EU members, who as outsiders in the 1990s were told they had little chance of joining the bloc.  Ukraine is at risk of taking our aid for granted,  said a second EU official involved in policymaking with Kiev.  Poroshenko, whose country is battling with a Russian-backed insurgency in eastern Ukraine, says the country has implemented more reforms in the past three years than in all of the last 24. But lately, the message from Poroshenko s government is to back off in the run-up to the 2019 presidential elections, which will be the focus now, EU officials and diplomats say.  A year ago, things were looking promising, but now vested interests are fighting back,  said a third EU official.  We can t plough more money into Ukraine on that basis.  There are achievements, including a revamped police force, a wealth declarations database for officials and modernization of the banking sector and state-owned energy firm Naftogaz.  But some proposed laws, such as to legalize agricultural land sales and set up an independent anti-corruption court, have been pushed back, while some existing reforms are under threat.  The wealth declarations register, launched in October 2016, is ineffective because authorities have not introduced software that would cross-reference data and identify malfeasance. Slow progress on the anti-corruption court and backtracking on gas pricing commitments have also stalled funding under Ukraine s $17.5 billion IMF program. Accusations that Ukrainian officials have tried to undermine anti-corruption investigators are a concern, EU officials said. With no threats other than withholding aid, the EU has few new incentives, having granted visa-free travel and market access to Ukraine.    We definitely need to look for new carrots, which would be linked to reforms,  said activist Halushka. ",1
14173,Turkey expects S-400 defense system from Russia in 2019: minister,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey expects to receive its first Russian S-400 surface-to-air missiles in 2019, Defence Minister Nurettin Canikli said on Wednesday, the first time Ankara has given a firm timeline for a deal that has alarmed its NATO allies. Turkey has been in negotiations with Russia to buy the S-400 for more than a year, a decision seen by Washington and some of its other allies in NATO as a snub to the Western military alliance. Giving the most detail yet on the deal to parliament s budget committee, Canikli said it called for delivery of two S-400 systems, but that the second one was optional. The deal has raised concern among NATO countries in part because the weapons cannot be integrated into the alliance s defenses. Ankara has said it had no choice but to buy the Russian missiles, because NATO countries did not offer a cost-effective alternative.  Once these systems are received, our country will have secured an important air defense capability. This solution aimed at meeting an urgent need will not hinder our commitment to developing our own systems,  he said. Relations between Turkey and Russia deteriorated sharply over years during which they backed opposite sides in the war in neighboring Syria, but have improved markedly over the past year. The countries are now cooperating on Syrian peace efforts.  Canikli said Turkey was also in talks with the Franco-Italian EUROSAM consortium on developing its own missile defense systems, after signing a memorandum to strengthen cooperation between the three countries in defense projects.  With the memorandum in question, Turkish, French and Italian firms have started cooperation to identify, develop, produce and use a more advanced version of the SAMP-T (missile system) in a common consortium,  he said. Turkey aimed to bring talks with EUROSAM to a  definitive end  soon, he said, adding that Ankara aimed to finalize the deal by the end of 2017 at the latest. Turkey has been working to develop its own defense systems and equipment, and has lined up several projects for the coming years, including combat helicopters, tanks, drones and more. Canikli said Turkey received bids last Friday for the production of 500 Altay battle tanks, of which 250 are optional.  Shares of Turkish commercial and military vehicle producer Otokar rose almost 3 percent following the news about the 7 billion euro ($8.24 billion) domestic tank project. ",1
14174,War crimes verdict on Mladic delayed as he undergoes blood test: Mladic son,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The verdict in the war crimes trial of former Bosnian Serb military commander Ratko Mladic was delayed on Wednesday while he underwent a blood pressure test, his son Darko told Reuters. U.N. judges had ordered a five-minute bathroom break for Mladic, 74, before issuing their verdict in his trial for 11 alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity including genocide. That pause then stretched on for more than an hour.   They took his blood pressure during the break. We don t know the readings, but they said they could continue with the verdict. We are very concerned about his blood pressure because he has already has four strokes,  Darko Mladic said. ",1
14175,Indian navy the odd man out in Asia's 'Quad' alliance,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - The Trump administration is pushing security ties between the United States, India, Japan and Australia, but the revival of the Asian  Quad  must overcome lingering mistrust in New Delhi towards its allies that hampers genuine military cooperation. Joint naval drills have been at the heart of a relationship that analysts widely see as a move to counterbalance China s rising power by binding the region s leading democracies more closely together. But while the navies of the United States, Japan and Australia can easily operate together - based on common U.S.-designed combat systems and data links - India is the outlier.  Not only are most of its ships and warplanes Russian-made, its government and military remain deeply reluctant to share data and open up sensitive military communications systems. The United States has carried out more naval exercises with India than any other nation. But naval sources and experts say these are more about  cultural familiarization  than drills for joint combat. Because India will not sign an agreement on sharing data, naval exercises are conducted through voice and text commands with rudimentary SMS-style data exchange, Indian and Japanese military sources said.  Think of it as directing your friend to your house in the 1980s. Your left may be his right, neither of you have situational awareness,  said Abhijit Iyer-Mitra, a senior fellow at New Delhi s Institute of Peace and Conflict Studies who has tracked the military exercises.  What the Americans want is 2017 - drop a pin on Google maps and hit share. You know where your friend is and he knows where your house is and how to get to it.  The Indian defense ministry did not respond to a request for a comment. The so-called Quad to discuss and cooperate on security emerged briefly as an initiative a decade ago - much to the annoyance of China - and was revived recently, with an officials-level meeting this month on the sidelines of a regional gathering in Manila. The Trump administration has talked up cooperation with India as part of efforts for a  free, open and thriving Indo-Pacific . Describing the Indian and Pacific Oceans as a  single strategic arena , U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson described India and the United States as regional  bookends .  In concrete terms, it will lead to great co-ordination between the Indian, Japanese and American militaries including maritime domain awareness, anti-submarine warfare, amphibious warfare, and humanitarian assistance, disaster relief, and search and rescue,  he said.  To be sure, India and the United States have steadily been bringing more powerful ships into their annual  Malabar  drills that have been expanded to include Japan in recent years.  This year the USS Nimitz carrier group was deployed for the maneuvers off India s eastern coast, along with an aircraft carrier from India and a helicopter carrier from Japan. But a Japanese Maritime Self Defence Forces official said when Japan conducts drills with the Indian navy, communication is done mostly through voice transmission. There is no satellite link that would allow the two navies to access information and share monitor displays in on-board command centers. Communication is usually the most difficult aspect of any joint drill, he said. The exercises are meant to lay the ground for joint patrols that the U.S. eventually wants to conduct with India and its allies across the Indian Ocean and the Pacific.  U.S. Marine Corps Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Logan, a Pentagon spokesman, said better interoperability was a goal of the exercises and noted that India s enhanced role as a major U.S. defense partner would help boost the relationship.   The designation of India as a major defense partner is significant and is intended to elevate defense trade and technology sharing with India to a level commensurate with that of our closest allies and partners,  he said.  As this relationship matures so will the level of interoperability.  Last year, India signed a military logistics pact with the United States after a decade of wrangling, but two other agreements are stuck.  The United States says the Communication and Information Security Memorandum of Agreement (CISMOA) would allow it to supply India with encrypted communications equipment and systems. The Basic Exchange and Cooperation Agreement is the other pact that would set a framework through which the United States could share sensitive data to aid targeting and navigation with India. India is concerned that agreeing to the CISMOA would open up its military communications to the United States, and even allow it to listen in on operations where Indian and U.S. interests may not coincide - such as against arch-rival Pakistan, military officials in New Delhi say. Captain Gurpreet Khurana, executive director at the government-funded National Maritime Foundation, said India s underlying concern was having its autonomy constrained by binding its military into U.S. codes and operating procedures. Once, the Americans proposed a portable  suitcase  communications system called the CENTRIXS which could transmit full situational awareness data to Indian ships while the two navies practised together. India refused to allow it to be plugged in for the duration of the exercise, citing operational security, according to an Indian source briefed on the planning of the exercises.  Even the joint air exercises that the two countries are conducting as a follow-on to Malabar are severely restricted, the source said. India sends its Russian-acquired Sukhoi jets to the drills, but their radars and jammers are turned off.  David Shear, who served as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Asia under President Barack Obama, said U.S. forces, particularly the Navy, were well aware of the interoperability constraints to interacting with India.  They understand what the obstacles are and that this is going to be a long-term project,  he said.  ",1
14176,Lebanon's Hariri says to hold off resignation as PM,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri said on Wednesday he would hold off presenting his resignation as prime minister in response to a request from President Michel Aoun to allow more dialogue.  I presented today my resignation to President Aoun and he urged me to wait before offering it and to hold onto it for more dialogue about its reasons and political background, and I showed responsiveness,  Hariri said in a televised statement. ",1
14177,Saudi Arabia will help Syrian opposition come out unified from Riyadh meet: Jubeir,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said on Wednesday his country will lend support to the Syrian opposition to come out unified from talks in the Saudi capital Riyadh ahead of peace talks in Geneva.  We will provide help and support for them in all what they need,  Jubeir told reporters in Riyadh after he attended the opening session of a Syrian opposition conference aimed at unify their ranks ahead of peace talks in Geneva.  We hope they can come out of the conference unified,  he added. ",1
14178,Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa to be sworn in as president on Friday: state broadcaster,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa will be sworn in as president on Friday following the resignation of Robert Mugabe after nearly four decades in power, state broadcaster ZBC reported on Wednesday. Mnangagwa, who fled for his safety after Mugabe sacked him two weeks ago, will land back in Zimbabwe at 6pm (1600 GMT) at Manyame Airbase in Harare, ZBC said. ",1
14179,Kremlin says no proof Russia was source of radioactive pollution,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - There has to date been no confirmation from any Russian government agencies that there was an incident on Russian soil that could have caused raised levels of pollution from a radioactive isotope, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Wednesday. Russia s meteorological service said on Tuesday it had measured pollution of the ruthenium 106 isotope at nearly 1,000 times normal levels in the Ural mountains.  ",1
14180,Kuwait's Emir in hospital for medical checks after cold: agency,"KUWAIT (Reuters) - Kuwait s elderly ruler, Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber al-Sabah, was admitted to hospital on Wednesday for medical checks after suffering from a cold, the state news agency KUNA reported. It cited the Emiri Court Affairs Minister Sheikh Nasser Sabah al-Ahmad al-Sabah as saying that the 88-year-old Sheikh Sabah would undergo  a normal medical checkup after going through a cold.  The agency gave no further details. A veteran diplomat, Sheikh Sabah has been recently led mediation efforts to heal a bitter rift between some Arab countries, including regional powerhouse Saudi Arabia, and Qatar over allegations that Doha supported terrorism, a charge Qatar denies. Born in Kuwait on June 16, 1929, Sheikh Sabah is known as the  dean of Arab diplomacy  for his work as foreign minister to restore relations with Arab states which backed Baghdad during the 1990-1991 Gulf War, when Kuwait was occupied by Iraqi forces. He was nominated ruler of the key U.S. regional ally and OPEC oil exporter in 2006, after Emir Sheikh Jaber al-Ahmad al-Sabah died and his successor, Sheikh Saad al-Abdullah al-Sabah, was appointed only to be unanimously voted out of office by parliament due to illness. ",1
14181,Kremlin says it is following situation in Ukraine's Luhansk region,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin is following the situation in Ukraine s rebel-controlled Luhansk region, where there is a standoff between the head of the rebel administration and a sacked police chief, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Wednesday. Peskov said he was not ready to disclose the Kremlin s views on what was happening in Luhansk, where armed men were on Tuesday blocking access to the centre of the regional capital.  ",1
14182,Turkey received bids in tender for 500 battle tanks last week: minister,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey received bids last Friday for the production of 500 Altay battle tanks, of which 250 are optional, Defence Minister Nurettin Canikli said on Wednesday.  Speaking to parliament s budget commission, Canikli said the tender would be finalised in the coming days. The domestic Altay tank project is worth an estimated 7 billion euros ($8.24 billion).  ",1
14183,Germany's figurehead president now best hope of unlocking political crisis,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Frank-Walter Steinmeier was hardly Chancellor Angela Merkel s first choice for the largely ceremonial job of German president, but the lifelong Social Democrat may be her best hope of holding onto power amid an unprecedented political crisis. Steinmeier, 61, a two-time foreign minister, met on Tuesday with political leaders from the Greens and pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) after Merkel s bid to forge a three-way coalition with those parties collapsed. On Wednesday, he will meet with Horst Seehofer, head of the Bavarian sister party of Merkel s conservatives. On Thursday, he will meet Martin Schulz, head of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), the second largest in the Bundestag lower house of parliament, to urge him to reconsider his party s rejection of another  grand coalition  with Merkel s conservatives for the good of the country. Some 30 of the SPD s 153 parliamentary members questioned the rejection of such a coalition this week, the Bild newspaper reported on Wednesday. It said Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel also favored resuming the coalition that has ruled for the past four years. Merkel favors new elections over a minority government, but Steinmeier is pressing political leaders to avoid a new poll that experts say would further strengthen the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) after it moved into parliament with nearly 13 percent of the vote on Sept. 24.  The German president, who is now as powerful as seldom seen in German constitutional history, holds the reins,  the Rheinische Post newspaper wrote on Tuesday. This is the first time a German president has had to get actively involved in trying to forge a new coalition government. The architects of the German constitution devised a complicated process to prevent the frequent elections that weakened the Weimar Republic in the 1920s and facilitated the rise of Adolf Hitler. But new elections are likely around April if Steinmeier cannot bring Merkel s conservatives, the Greens and FDP back to the negotiating table, or persuade his former SPD colleagues to return to government. The SPD wants a spell in opposition to rebuild after its worst election result since the 1930s. Steinmeier, following the tradition of all previous German presidents, gave up his party membership upon taking office. But he could wield some influence with top SPD players after years in leadership roles. His first months as president were lackluster, with some commentators skeptical that the veteran political operator could emulate the success of his predecessor Joachim Gauck, a former East German pastor, in serving as Germany s moral compass. But last month Steinmeier delivered a powerful address on the anniversary of German reunification and then went to Russia to try to repair strained ties with President Vladimir Putin - the first German head of state to visit Moscow since 2010. A carpenter s son from the west German state of North-Rhine Westphalia, Steinmeier is a long-time confidante of former chancellor Gerhard Schroeder. Steinmeier failed to win election as chancellor in 2009, but later won plaudits from the German public for donating a kidney to his seriously ill wife. He has long experience of working with Merkel after serving as foreign minister in the first  grand coalition  between the SPD and conservatives in 2005-09 and then resuming that role in 2013-17, when the two parties allied again. He and Merkel worked closely together on the Minsk peace agreement aimed at ending fighting in eastern Ukraine - a complex deal that required hours of negotiations with Putin and Ukrainian leaders.  I thought Minsk was his biggest accomplishment, but it may pale in comparison with the effort involved in building a functioning government in his own country,  said Olaf Boehnke of the Rasmussen Global consultancy.  Merkel and Steinmeier actually have a good working relationship. And now he s in the driver s seat,  Boehnke said.   ",1
14184,German political grandees press parties to compromise for stability,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Two veteran allies of Chancellor Angela Merkel appealed to Germany s parties on Tuesday to strike a compromise and form a stable government that could drag Europe s biggest economy out of a political impasse. The collapse of talks between Merkel s conservative bloc, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens has thrown Germany into political uncertainty and raised the prospect of new elections. It has cast doubt over whether Merkel, Europe s most powerful leader after 12 years in office, will serve a fourth term after her conservatives bled support to the far-right in a Sept. 24 election, though still won the most seats. There are wider implications too for Europe since the collapse of talks means the euro zone s ambitious plans for deeper economic integration could now be put on hold, euro zone officials said in Brussels on Tuesday.  Merkel s former finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble, now in the impartial role of parliamentary president, said compromise was the order of the day while chancellery chief Peter Altmaier gave parties three weeks to sort out the mess.  We must be in a situation in the next three weeks where there is clarity about whether there can be a stable government on the basis of this election result,  Altmaier, also acting finance minister, told ZDF television. Merkel has said she prefers new elections to an unstable minority government. Until a government is agreed, she continues as acting chancellor and previous ministers remain in post, while the newly-elected parliament also proceeds with business. Pressure is growing on the Social Democrats (SPD) whose leader Martin Schulz has refused to contemplate re-entering a Merkel-led government after voters punished them for sharing power with her for the last four years.  Many in the SPD fear that another four-year term with Merkel, who is herself still popular, would mean their political suicide.  Altmaier appealed to the SPD to reconsider:  Like  Made in Germany , we are known for having a stable and reliable government ... we must give the SPD a chance to think.  Andrea Nahles, head of the SPD s parliamentary group reiterated that it did not want to prop up Merkel again.   We are not an emergency stop-gap for Merkel,  she said.  However, she also said the SPD would use talks with President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, who is meeting party leaders to explore possibilities to form a government, to find solutions, hinting at other possible options.  We should talk about how we form a process that leads our country into a new, stable government,  Nahles said, adding this might be a minority government or new elections. Steinmeier met FDP and Greens leaders on Tuesday, but they made no comment after the meetings. One option could be an alliance between the conservatives and Greens, who built up a certain level of trust during the exploratory talks, which could be  tolerated  by the SPD. That could guarantee some government policies get through parliament. Michael Kellner, a top Greens negotiator, said it was up to Merkel s party to propose such a minority government, but did not rule it out as an option. In a sign that compromise is still possible, Merkel s Christian Democrats, FDP and Greens voted together on a motion in parliament on Tuesday to create the conditions for Ireland to pay back debts early to the International Monetary Fund (IMF). One former SPD leader Bjoern Engholm said the SPD should rethink their  no  to a grand coalition, but he said any such alliance would only be possible without Merkel. Many commentators think the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) stand to gain most from new elections although polls show no big differences from the September results. Due to a protracted procedure designed to avoid repeated elections, a new vote would take months to organize, raising worries that European reform efforts will be held up.  Europe needs a Germany that is capable of acting,  said  Schaeuble.  The reactions from abroad show that Europe and many other countries in the world are waiting for us.  He said it was important for parties to compromise to avert a crisis, saying this did not mean parties had to ditch their principles.  The task is huge, but it s not unsolvable.  ",1
14185,Turkey says 'serious danger' in Syria's Afrin must be removed,"ANKARA (Reuters) - There is a  serious danger  in the Syrian region of Afrin and this must be removed, Turkish Defence Minister Nurettin Canikli said on Wednesday. Speaking at his ministry s budget talks in Ankara, Canikli also said the Turkish Armed Forces had completed the formation of its third observation post in Syria s Idlib province. ",1
14186,"Danish PM's party dealt blow at local election, Social Democrats gain","COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen s Liberal Party suffered losses in Denmark s local elections, a possible bellwether for the next national election, which is to be held no later than mid-2019. The center-right Liberal Party received 23.1 percent of the votes in Tuesday s election, 3.5 percentage points less than in 2013. The Social Democrats gained 3 percentage points to 32.5 percent. The Social Democrats won the leadership of four of Denmark s five regions, and in at least 40 of the 98 municipalities, including the four largest cities. Coalition talks are still ongoing in some municipalities. The results are seen as a boost for Mette Frederiksen who took over the Social Democratic leadership after former Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt failed to extend her rule at the 2015 national election.  The Danes have said that it is more important to take good care of our welfare, rather than to get tax cuts,  Social Democrat spokesman Nicolai Wammen said, alluding to the government s plans to cut taxes next year. Rasmussen was  relatively satisfied  with the result, he told broadcaster TV2. A spokesman for his party said the election results were mainly driven by local agendas rather than national level politics.       The support for government ally Danish People s Party fell 1.3 percentage points to 8.8 percent, contrary to some predictions ahead of the elections. ",1
14187,China says it respects Mugabe's decision to resign,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Wednesday that it respects Robert Mugabe s decision to resign as Zimbabwe s president, a week after the African country s army and Mugabe s former political allies moved to end his four decades of rule. The 93-year-old Mugabe had clung on for a week after an army takeover, and finally resigned on Tuesday, moments after parliament began an impeachment process, prompting dancing in the streets of the capital, Harare.  China has close ties with Zimbabwe and traditionally also with Mugabe himself, who is reviled in the West as a despot whose disastrous handling of the economy and willingness to resort to violence to maintain power destroyed one of Africa s most promising states. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told a regular news briefing that China was happy to see Zimbabwe peacefully and appropriately resolve the issue via talks, and that its policy toward the country would not change.  China respects Mr Mugabe s decision to resign. He remains a good friend of the Chinese people,  Lu said, adding that Mugabe had made  historic contribution to Zimbabwe s independence and liberation . Zimbabwe s army seized power after Mugabe sacked his former vice president, Emmerson Mnangagwa, who was a favorite to succeed him.  Mugabe s move was an apparent bid to smooth a path to the presidency for his wife Grace, 52, known to her critics as  Gucci Grace  for her reputed fondness for luxury shopping. Mnangagwa is expected to be sworn in within days and serve the remainder of Mugabe s term until the next election, which must be held by September 2018. Asked about a U.S. call for free elections in Zimbabwe, Lu said China believed it could handle its own affairs and China hoped other countries would not interfere.  China and Zimbabwe have a close diplomatic and economic relationship, and China had stood with Mugabe s government in the face of Western economic sanctions, investing in auto, diamond, tobacco and power-station projects. In August, Zimbabwe said a Chinese company planned to invest up to $2 billion to revive operations at Zimbabwe Iron and Steel Company (ZISCO), which ceased production in 2008 at the height of an economic meltdown.  That year, China vetoed a proposed Western-backed U.N. resolution that would have imposed an arms embargo on Zimbabwe and financial and travel restrictions on Mugabe and 13 other officials, saying it would  complicate , rather than ease, conflict. ",1
14188,Russian senators approve 'foreign agents' media bill: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s upper house of parliament on Wednesday approved a bill which will allow the authorities to list foreign media operating in Russia as  foreign agents , responding to U.S. restrictions on two Russian media outlets, RIA news agency reported. Last week the  foreign agents law  was swiftly approved by the lower chamber of the legislature. It now needs President Vladimir Putin s signature to become law. The move by the compliant parliament heavily dominated by Putin s loyalists comes after his threat this month that Russia would respond in kind to what he said were Washington s measures to restrict the freedom of speech of Russian media organizations operating on U.S. soil. ",1
14189,U.S. sanctions 13 Chinese and North Korean organizations,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Tuesday imposed sanctions on 13 Chinese and North Korean organizations Washington accused of helping evade nuclear restrictions against Pyongyang and supporting the country through trade of commodities like coal. The U.S. Treasury announced the action one day after President Donald Trump put North Korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism, on its website. The new curbs show the Trump administration s focus on hurting trade between China and North Korea, which it sees as key to deterring Pyongyang from its ambition to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States.  This designation will impose further sanctions and penalties on North Korea and related persons, and supports our maximum pressure campaign to isolate the murderous regime,  said Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin. The latest sanctions included blacklisting three Chinese companies, Dandong Kehua Economy & Trade Co., Dandong Xianghe Trading Co., and Dandong Hongda Trade Co., which the Treasury Department said had done more than $750 million in combined trade with North Korea over almost five years until Aug. 31. It said they were involved in trade of coal, iron ore, lead, zinc and silver ore, lead metal and ferrous products as well as notebook computers. The sanctions also blacklisted Sun Sidong and his company Dandong Dongyuan Industrial Co. In a June report, Washington think tank C4ADS said the firm was part of an interconnected network of Chinese companies that account for a vast share of trade with North Korea.  U.S. authorities have repeatedly targeted companies and individuals from the Chinese city of Dandong, which borders North Korea, in a bid to cut off Pyongyang s major export revenue from selling natural resources, such as coal. In Beijing, foreign ministry spokesman Lu Kang reiterated China s opposition to unilateral sanctions by other countries, adding it could investigate for itself any contravention of its laws or international obligations.   If other parties wish to have effective cooperation with China on this issue and really have a grasp of certain matters, they can totally share intelligence with China and cooperate with China to appropriately handle the issue,  Lu told a daily briefing on Wednesday.  The direct impact on listed companies may be limited as trade between China and its isolated northern neighbor has slowed substantially since the United Nations imposed a ban in September on North Korean exports of coal, iron, iron ore, lead, lead ore and seafood. In February, China also prohibited coal purchases from North Korea. China does not strictly enforce financial rules in the Dandong area, said Anthony Ruggiero, a North Korea expert at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies. As a result, Dandong draws companies interested in making a profit by selling to North Korea, he said. The new sanctions also hit several North Korean companies that send workers to countries such as Russia, Poland, Cambodia and China. United States authorities said they are seeking to cut off the money North Korea makes from the export of labor.  Besides targeting sources of weapons technology, the curbs were the first time the United States sought to directly attack North Korea s daily consumer trade, said Peter Harrell, a sanctions expert at the Center for a New American Security.   We are sanctioning companies involved in ordinary trade,  Harrell said.  That s the logical next step.  The sanctions aim to further isolate Pyongyang, said Heather Nauert, a State Department spokeswoman, adding that she did not think targeting more Chinese firms would affect Beijing s cooperation on the North Korean issue.  I don t think it jeopardizes anything,  she said.  I think the world has come together on this issue.  We have a good relationship with China. That s not going to change.  ",1
14190,"Sechin summoned to court in Ulyukayev's trial, but his schedule is tight: lawyer","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian oil major Rosneft has received court summons for its Chief Executive Igor Sechin to appear in court during the trial of ex-economy minister Alexei Ulyukayev, the judge read a letter from Sechin s lawyer on Wednesday. Sechin was called to court to testify but has missed the first two court sittings since then. In a letter to the court, his lawyer said Sechin s schedule would become tighter by the end of this year. Ulyukayev is on trial on charges of extorting a $2 million bribe from Sechin, in exchange for Ulyukayev s approval of a business deal. Ulyukayev denies the charges.         ",1
14191,Arrested Indonesian parliament speaker pleads to keep his job,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s speaker of parliament, who was arrested last week over his alleged role in a $170 million graft case, has sent a letter from his cell to house leaders pleading to be allowed to keep his job while he fights the charges. Setya Novanto, who has denied wrongdoing, is being held for 20 days for questioning by Indonesia s Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK). He made the request in a letter handwritten in his holding cell that was released to the media late on Tuesday. The KPK is investigating state losses of about $170 million after allegations that sums ranging from $5,000 to $5.5 million, generated by marking up procurement costs for national electronic ID cards, were divided up among politicians in parliament.  I ask other parliament leaders to give me an opportunity to prove that I wasn t involved,  Novanto wrote.   And in the meantime do not organize an ethics council plenary session on the possibility of making me non-active either as parliament speaker or as a member of parliament.  Novanto, also chairman of Golkar, Indonesia s second-largest party and a partner in the ruling coalition, is one of the most senior politicians to be detained by the KPK, which is popular among Indonesians for targeting members of the establishment suspected of abuse of power.  His battle with the graft agency has gripped Indonesia, where newspapers have splashed the story on front pages and memes mocking him have circulated on social media. He has clung to power through several previous corruption cases and repeatedly missed summonses for questioning by the agency in recent months, saying he needed heart surgery. Novanto was named a suspect on Nov. 10 again after using a controversial legal maneuver to get earlier charges dropped last month. In another letter, addressed to Golkar, Novanto said  there has been no discussion of me temporarily or permanently stopping as chairman of Golkar . In that letter he nominated Idrus Marham to serve as acting chairman of the party. Novanto s lawyer, Fredrich Yunadi, told Reuters it was up to parliament and party officials to decide if he should keep his posts, but he was confident that his client would win his case.    We have strong proof (and) in every court we always win,  Yunadi said. Asked if he was concerned about the strength of evidence against Novanto, KPK spokesman Febri Diansyah said:  From the beginning the KPK has had strong evidence, and the two people we have put on trial already (in this case) have been found guilty even up to an appeal stage.  ",1
14192,"Rohingya refugees 'drained' by trauma, says U.N. refugee chief","SEOUL (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims who fled to Bangladesh from violence in Myanmar have been  drained  by the trauma they suffered during the crisis and a struggle to overcome desperate want, the United Nations refugee chief said on Wednesday. More than 600,000 Rohingya have fled Buddhist-majority Myanmar since late August this year for neighboring Bangladesh, driven out by a military clearance operation in Rakhine State. The refugees  suffering has caused an international outcry, spurring appeals by aid agencies for millions of dollars in funds to tackle the crisis.  I found this was a population that had almost no response. Very passive,  said Filippo Grandi, the U.N. high commissioner for refugees, describing his visit late in September to camps where the refugees were staying.  You almost felt there was nothing left and that everything had been drained by this,  he told Reuters in an interview in his first visit to the South Korean capital. He saw the lassitude as a symptom of trauma, he added.  We haven t seen this kind of trauma for a very long, long time,  the Italian diplomat said.  Maybe I saw it in the  90s in central Africa.  Grandi coordinated UN humanitarian activities in the Democratic Republic of Congo during its 1996-97 civil war. The success of aid efforts by the United Nations and non-government bodies depends on the Myanmar government to defuse the hostility facing humanitarian workers in Rakhine, Grandi said.  It s not political work, it s not to favor one community over the other,  he said.   On the contrary, it s directed to all those who are in need. And when members of the Buddhist community are in need, they certainly qualify for that. I think it s important that they stress that, they do that more,  said Grandi. Tension had been rising between the government and aid agencies even before the spasm of violence that began in late August. Officials had accused the World Food Programme of aiding insurgents after high-energy biscuits were discovered in July at a forest encampment the authorities said belonged to a militant group, the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army.  Longstanding antipathy among ethnic Rakhine Buddhists - who say the UN and nongovernment bodies favor the Rohingya with aid deliveries   spiked in August, with protesters demanding that aid agencies leave and the U.N. warning staff against rising hostility. Since the Aug. 25 militant attacks in Rakhine, the government has barred most aid agencies, except for the Red Cross organizations, from working in the state s north, and curtailed their activities elsewhere in the state. In several cases aid deliveries have been forcibly blocked by Rakhine Buddhists. The U.N. s Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs has said the World Food Programme resumed some food distribution in northern Rakhine this month, but limited access meant agencies still do not know how many people were internally displaced over the last three months.   Access remains restricted for most humanitarian actors in northern Rakhine, preventing them from reaching many people in need,  the agency said.  In central Rakhine, humanitarian organizations also continue to face access constraints.  ",1
14193,China says opposes unilateral sanctions after new U.S. curbs target North Korea,BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday that China opposed unilateral sanctions after the United States imposed new curbs against 13 Chinese and North Korean organizations. Ministry spokesman Lu Kang made the comment at a daily news briefing. ,1
14194,Turkey orders detention of 216 people in post-coup probe: Anadolu,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish authorities have issued detention warrants for 216 people, including former finance ministry personnel, suspected of having links to last year s failed coup attempt, the state-run Anadolu news agency said on Wednesday. It said 17 former finance ministry personnel had been detained so far and another 65 were sought over alleged links to Gulen s network, Anadolu said.  Separately, authorities carried out operations across 40 provinces targeting  private imams  believed to be recruiting members to the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen from Turkey s armed forces. Ankara blames Gulen for orchestrating the July 15 coup attempt last year and has repeatedly demanded the United States extradite him, so far in vain. Gulen denies involvement. In the aftermath of the coup, more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial and some 150,000 have been sacked or suspended from their jobs in the military, public and private sector. The extent of the purges has unnerved rights groups and Turkey s Western allies, who fear President Tayyip Erdogan is using the abortive putsch as a pretext to stifle dissent. The government, however, says the measures are necessary due to the gravity of the threats it is facing following the military coup attempt, in which 240 people were killed. ",1
14195,Australia's Victoria state closer to legalizing assisted death,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s second-largest state on Wednesday took another step towards adopting a law allowing voluntary assisted dying for terminally ill patients. Any resident of Victoria state over 18, with a terminal illness and with less than six months to live can request a lethal dose of medication under the new legislation. Assisted dying will remain illegal in Australia s other five states. In a vote in Victoria s upper house, 22 of 40 senators supported the legislation.  The legislation required amendments to pass the upper house, including halving the time frame for eligible patients to access the scheme, reduced from 12 months to live to six months to live.  The amendments must be approved by the lower house before becoming law. The legislation is not expected to be opposed. There will be exemptions for sufferers of conditions such as motor neurone disease and multiple sclerosis, who can request a lethal dose of medication even if they have been given up to a year to live. Many countries have legalized euthanasia, including Canada, the Netherlands, Switzerland, and some states in the United States. But Australia s federal government has opposed legalizing euthanasia even though the remote Northern Territory, which does not hold Australian statehood, became the first jurisdiction in the world to do so in 1995. The federal government enacted its own legislation to override the Northern Territory law in 1997 under rules allowed by the constitution. State law, however, can not be overridden.    ",1
14196,World Bank sees no slowing in Cambodia's strong growth,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia s economy is forecast to grow 6.9 percent next year,  compared with a projected 6.8 percent pace in 2017, despite risks including uncertainties over next year s election, the World Bank said on Wednesday. Cambodia s political turbulence has had little impact on economic growth, which has hovered around 7 percent for the past six years. The World Bank said textile exports had moderated and the construction sector showed signs of slowing, but other manufacturing exports had increased and Cambodia was also drawing more tourists - particularly from China.  The outlook remains positive,  it said in a report.  A possible slowdown of the regional economy, especially China, and potential election related uncertainties, however, pose downside risks to the outlook.  China is now Cambodia s biggest aid donor and investor, but Western donors remain important and Cambodia has been increasingly at odds with them in the run-up to the 2018 election. They have condemned the arrest of Prime Minister Hun Sen s main rival, Kem Sokha, the dissolution of the main opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) and a crackdown on civil rights groups and independent media. The government accuses Kem Sokha of plotting to take power with American help and his party of treason - charges the opposition says are politically motivated to ensure Hun Sen keeps his more than three-decade hold on power. Sweden said on Tuesday it was stopping some aid and the United States said it was ending election funding and would take further concrete steps. World Bank senior country economist Miguel Sanchez said uncertainty had affected Cambodia in previous election years, leading to postponed investment decisions and a decline in foreign currency deposits.  It was temporary,  he told a news conference. ",1
14197,China probes former chief of internet regulator for suspected graft,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The former head of China s powerful internet regulator is under investigation for suspected corruption, the ruling Communist Party said, the latest senior official to be caught up in a sweeping campaign against graft. Lu Wei was suspected of serious discipline breaches, the party s corruption-busting Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) said in a brief statement late on Tuesday, using a euphemism for graft. Reuters was unable to reach Lu or a representative to seek comment. At the height of his influence, Lu, a colorful and often brash official by Chinese standards, was seen as emblematic of China s increasingly pervasive internet controls.  Organizers of China s first World Internet Conference in 2014, set up under Lu to promote Beijing s vision of internet governance, irked foreign tech firms by seeking their agreement on a last-minute declaration on  internet sovereignty .  Tech industry representatives ultimately declined to sign the pledge, and rights groups condemned the declaration as an attempt to undermine internet freedom. In 2015, he told reporters,  Indeed, we do not welcome those that make money off China, occupy China s market, even as they slander China s people. These kinds of websites I definitely will not allow in my house.  But courting China s powerful internet regulator, the Cyberspace Administration of China, was a key task for companies hoping to stay in his good graces or gain access to the huge internet market. When Lu visited Facebook Inc s U.S. campus in 2014, Mark Zuckerberg, the founder of the social networking site that has long been blocked in China, greeted Lu in Mandarin, according to a Chinese government website. But Lu s downfall, foreshadowed by his June 2016 replacement as head of the internet regulator and the loss of his other posts, is unlikely to signal a reversal of internet control policies, which have tightened further under successor Xu Lin. In a separate statement on its website on Wednesday, the CCDI emphasized the significance of Lu being the first  tiger , or senior official, to be brought to heel for corruption since the key 19th Communist Party Congress held last month. It said that under Lu, the cyberspace administration did not carry out President Xi Jinping s instructions in a timely or resolute fashion.  The improper use of power occurred on occasion, and the safeguarding of political security was not strong enough,  it said, without elaborating on any of Lu s specific wrongdoings.       Lu worked his way up though China s official Xinhua news agency before becoming head of propaganda in Beijing and then moving to internet work in 2013. He became a deputy propaganda minister after being replaced at the internet regulator.  The government has blocked sites it deems could challenge Communist Party rule or threaten stability, including sites such as Facebook and Google s main search engine and Gmail service. Xi has waged war against deep-rooted corruption since taking office five years ago, punishing hundreds of thousands of officials. ",1
14198,Small eruption at Bali volcano triggers Singapore travel advisory,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s Mount Agung volcano in Bali has let out a puff of black smoke and ash in a small eruption, prompting Singapore to advise its citizens to be ready to evacuate the holiday island at short notice amid concern about a bigger eruption. Authorities have not changed the alert status on Agung, which remains at one level below the highest and there have been no reports of flight cancellations.  Singaporeans should defer non-essential travel to the affected areas of the island at this juncture,  Singapore s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a travel notice on Wednesday.  You should also be ready to evacuate at short notice.  Eruptions could result in ash clouds that could  severely disrupt air travel , it said. Agung looms menacingly over eastern Bali at a height of just over 3,000 meters (9,842 feet). It last erupted in 1963, killing more than 1,000 people and razing several villages. Indonesia has nearly 130 volcanoes, more than any other country. Many of them show high levels of activity but it can be months before an eruption. A spokesman for Indonesia s National Disaster Mitigation agency, said via a text message that there had been a  phreatic eruption  late on Tuesday with black smoke reaching 700 meters (2,300 ft), followed by falling ash, gravel and sand.  These types of eruptions   called phreatic   are the product of rock that already exists being shattered violently when water heated by the rising magma under Agung quickly turns to steam,  according to a blog post on the Discovermagazine.com website.  The disaster agency recommended against any activity within 6-7.5 km (3.7-4.6 miles) of the crater. It said that 29,245 people were staying in 278 evacuation camps. At one stage, after authorities put Agung s alert status at the highest level of four in September, more than 130,000 people  left their homes. The alert level was lowered to three on Oct. 29. Australia left its travel advice unchanged and told citizens to  monitor local media reports, follow the instructions of local authorities, and stay outside the existing exclusion zone . Bali, famous for its surf, beaches and temples, attracted nearly 5 million visitors last year, but business has slumped in areas around the volcano since September when Agung s volcanic tremors began to increase. Tourism, a cornerstone of Bali s economy, is Indonesia s fourth-biggest earner of foreign currency after natural resources like coal and palm oil. ",1
14199,Singapore sees running autonomous buses on public roads from 2022,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore is hoping to deploy autonomous buses on public roads in three different districts of the city-state from 2022 to provide better connectivity, the country s Ministry of Transport said in a statement on Wednesday. Countries around the world are encouraging the development of self-driving technologies. High-density Singapore, which has manpower shortages in many sectors, is at the forefront of such efforts and is hoping to prompt its residents to use more shared vehicles and public transport.  There are at least 10 companies testing their autonomous technology on the island. Autonomous scheduled bus services will complement human-driven public buses, and will initially travel on less crowded roads, according to the statement.  Autonomous on-demand shuttles will allow commuters to hail the services via their mobile phones. The government said it was seeking inputs from the industry and research institutions on the key requirements for the successful pilot launch of these autonomous vehicles. ",1
14200,Japan special panel to weigh timing of emperor's abdication,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The timing of Emperor Akihito s abdication, Japan s first in nearly two centuries, is to be discussed by a special panel that will meet from Dec. 1, the top government spokesman said on Wednesday. Akihito, who turns 84 on Dec. 23 and has had heart surgery and treatment for prostate cancer, said in rare remarks last year that he feared age might make it hard to fulfill his duties. A law adopted in June that allows him to step down and be succeeded by Crown Prince Naruhito, 57, left details, such as timing, to be worked out. News the Imperial Household Council - whose 10 members include Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the chief justice of the Supreme Court along with two royals - would convene grabbed domestic headlines after Abe called on Akihito on Tuesday, apparently to inform the emperor of the meeting. Once considered divine, Japan s emperor is defined in the post-war constitution as a  symbol of the state and of the unity of the people , and he has no political power. But Akihito, who has spent much of his time on the throne seeking to soothe the wounds of a war fought in his father Hirohito s name, and consoling people suffering from disasters or other woes, is widely respected by many average Japanese. At a special news conference to announce the meeting, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga did not comment on media reports that two options were being considered - March 31, 2019, or April 30 that year.  After hearing (the panel s) opinion, based on that, we would like to decide the date promptly,  he said. The government had proposed the emperor retire at the end of 2018 but Imperial Household Agency officials demurred, media have said, citing a cluster of rituals and other events around that time. Some in government, however, now worry an alternate proposal of March 31, 2019, would be complicated by nationwide local elections set for that spring, media said. Once Akihito steps down, a new  imperial era  will begin, replacing the current  Heisei , or  achieving peace  period, which began on Jan. 8, 1989, the day he took the throne. Japan uses the Western-style Gregorian calendar but has also preserved the ancient custom in which the reign of a new emperor ushers in a new era. ",1
14201,Air China indefinitely suspends flights between Beijing and Pyongyang,"TAIPEI/BEIJING (Reuters) - Air China Ltd has indefinitely suspended flights between Beijing and Pyongyang, citing poor demand as North Korea faces growing sanctions from the United States over its nuclear weapons and missile programs. An official in the company s Beijing-based press office, who only gave his surname as Ding, told Reuters on Wednesday that flights were suspended because  business was not good . He declined to comment on when flights might resume. The suspension by China s national flag carrier comes shortly after a visit by a senior Chinese envoy to the city and also coincides with a U.S. decision to put North Korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism. Air China flights to Pyongyang, which have traditionally operated on Monday, Wednesday and Friday, began in 2008, but have frequently been canceled because of unspecified problems, state media has said.  Last year, Air China halted flights seasonally for winter but resumed them in March. So far it is not selling tickets for any 2018 flights, according to Routes Online. One staff member in the company s Pyongyang office who declined to give his name told Reuters that Air China can resume the flights whenever there is enough demand and the office will operate normally even while there are no scheduled flights between Beijing and Pyongyang.  Air China s Beijing-based press office declined to provide further comment.  The company canceled some flights in April but later said that it would increase their number in May. The United States has urged China to do more to press North Korea to stop what the United States sees as belligerent defiance of U.N. resolutions. China s foreign ministry on Tuesday said that it hoped all parties could contribute to resolving the issue on the Korean peninsula peacefully. It also said that it was not aware of the Air China situation, adding that airlines made their decisions based on market needs. ",1
14202,Mexican leftist presidential candidate vows financial crime crackdown,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican leftist presidential frontrunner Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has pledged in his manifesto to clamp down on financial crime, and tighten money laundering, banking and tax regulations if elected next July. Lopez Obrador, the 64-year-old former mayor of Mexico City and a two-time presidential candidate, on Monday unveiled his 2018 policy platform, vowing to boost infrastructure spending while preserving economic stability. In his 415-page manifesto, published late on Monday, the founder of the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) party said he would combat money laundering by tightening controls on the banking system, including tougher sanctions for public officials convicted of financial crimes, a new conflict-of-interest law and longer sentences for tax offenses.  Banks and financial institutions aren t victims, but rather those principally responsible for, and benefiting from, the total lack of control in money laundering,  the proposal said.  Lopez Obrador s plan also aims to ensure transparency in sworn-wealth declarations and to block the right to confidential information for people under investigation for financial crimes.    AMLO, as he is known locally, has sought to deflect accusations that he would pursue Venezuela-style socialist policies if elected, vowing instead to clean up the country s graft-stained politics. Mexico s government estimates that the drug trade, tax fraud and other crimes are worth at least 1.13 trillion pesos ($58.5 billion) a year in Mexico, with all of the funds susceptible to money laundering, according to a classified report seen by Reuters in October. The manifesto also gave details on Lopez Obrador s plan to scrap President Enrique Pena Nieto s new $13 billion Mexico City airport project, which is currently under construction.  Lopez Obrador s plan recognizes the need to ease traffic and delays at Mexico City s existing airport, but proposes preserving it while expanding a nearby military site. AMLO would add two runways and a terminal at the Saint Lucia International Airport in the State of Mexico. The expansion would cost 50 billion pesos ($2.66 billion) and take less than three years, resulting in five runways shared between Saint Lucia and the current airport, he said.  The document said this alternative would cost about one-third what will be spent on the new airport, which Lopez Obrador says would drain government coffers with maintenance costs. Pena Nieto s office said in a statement that cancelling the project would cause job losses and send a bad signal.   The macroeconomic risk for Mexico would be enormous, as it would be sending the message that Mexico doesn t respect contracts nor private investment,  the statement added.  ",1
14203,Ninth Australian lawmaker quits as citizenship crisis widens,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - A ninth Australian lawmaker quit parliament on Wednesday after discovering she was a dual national, the latest casualty in a widening constitutional crisis that has already cost the government its majority. The resignation of Skye Kakoschke-Moore, one of three senators in the center-right Nick Xenophon Team, over the surprise revelation that she was a British citizen by descent, does not affect the government s position in the upper house.  Their advice was extremely surprising to me,  Kakoschke-Moore told reporters in Adelaide, after having learnt from  Britain s Home Office that her mother s birth in then-colonial Singapore in 1957 made her British by descent. Australia s 116-year-old constitution bans dual citizens  from holding national office, in a bid to prevent split allegiances. The crisis, which is likely to ripple even wider in coming weeks as lawmakers are required to prove their status, has already cut a swath through Australia s parliament. The ruling center-right coalition lost its one-seat majority in the lower house after Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce was found ineligible for office and expelled by the High Court. Another resignation has since weakened it further. Adherence to the dual-citizenship rule, in a country where more than half the population of 24 million were either themselves, or have a parent, born overseas, has only recently come under the spotlight, with the High Court adopting a strict interpretation of the law. In response, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull ordered all lawmakers to prove they comply with the laws by Dec. 5, and at least one lawmaker besides those who have quit has raised the possibility that she is ineligible. Senate votes from 2016 will be recounted to decide on a replacement for Kakoschke-Moore. By-elections set for Dec. 2 and Dec. 16, to replace Joyce and a lower-house government lawmaker who resigned on discovering he was British, are shaping as crucial for the government s survival. Joyce is expected to retain his seat, internal party polling published by the Australian newspaper showed, but former tennis champion John Alexander must contend with a high-profile rival in former New South Wales state Premier Kristina Keneally. The government would be reduced to minority rule if Alexander lost, forcing it to depend on a handful of independent lawmakers to retain power and pass laws. ",1
14204,"North Korea soldier who defected regains consciousness, needs further care","SUWON, South Korea (Reuters) - A North Korean soldier who defected to South Korea in a dash across the border last week has recovered consciousness and is breathing on his own following two operations to extract bullets from his body, the hospital treating him said on Wednesday. The soldier, who requires further intensive care, is cooperating with treatment but is hesitant to speak and shows signs of depression, Ajou University Hospital said in a statement. ",1
14205,Philippines set to keep open pit mining ban as Duterte rejects call to lift it,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippine environment minister said on Wednesday that a ban on new open pit mining in the country would remain in place, with President Rodrigo Duterte rejecting government panel recommendations to reverse it. The ban, implemented by former environment minister Regina Lopez from April covers new projects including the $5.9-billion copper-gold Tampakan project in southern Mindanao island, the biggest stalled mining venture in the Southeast Asian nation.  The President sets the policy. The Department of Environment and Natural Resources will implement what the President deems as best for the country s interest,  Environment and Natural Resources Secretary Roy Cimatu told Reuters in a text message. Open pit mining is allowed under the laws of the Southeast Asian country, the world s top nickel ore exporter, where many mines use it to extract minerals. But Lopez said the process ruins the economic potential of places where it is carried out. Duterte said late on Tuesday that he had rejected a recommendation by the Mining Industry Coordinating Council (MICC) to lift the ban because such mining is  destroying the soil and environment and no corrective measure is immediately (being) implemented . He added that while mining brings  good profit , he  can let it go . The comments by the firebrand leader followed an announcement on Monday by his spokesman that Duterte had not reversed the ban. The MICC, an inter-agency panel that makes recommendations on mining policy, is chaired by Cimatu and Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez. Cimatu said last month that he supported the removal of the open pit ban and that his agency would strengthen regulations to prevent any excesses by miners. The ban would further halt development of the Tampakan project in the southern South Cotabato province. The project was first stopped after South Cotabato banned open-pit mining in 2010, and operator Glencore Plc quit the project five years later. Lopez, who stepped down in May after failing to win congressional confirmation after 10 months in office, has said the project would cover an area the size of 700 soccer fields in what otherwise would be agricultural land. Also covered by the ban is the $1.2 billion Silangan copper and gold mine in Mindanao by Philippine miner Philex Mining Corp. ",1
14206,"Mexico suffers deadliest month on record, 2017 set to be worst year","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - There were more murders in October in Mexico than in any month over at least 20 years, according to official data, in the latest grim milestone in 2017, a year on course to register the highest homicide tally since modern records began.  Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto s failure to tackle growing drug violence is seen as a major weakness ahead of next July s presidential election, where he faces an uphill battle to keep his centrist Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in power.  The data, published by Mexico s interior ministry on Monday, showed there were 2,371 murder investigations opened in October.      With 20,878 murders nationwide in the first 10 months of 2017, this year is on track to overtake 2011 as the most violent since the government began publishing such data in 1997. There were an average of 69 murders a day so far this year, putting Mexico on track to overtake the 2011 homicide tally before the end of November. In 2011, there were an average of 63 murders per day, according to Reuters calculations.   In a speech earlier this month, Pena Nieto acknowledged that crime and violence had been rising.  It has to be said, we re still not satisfied, and we still have lots more to achieve,  he said.  Security needs to remain an utmost priority for the government.  However, he also added that certain sectors of society are engaged in  bullying  Mexico s institutions, belittling the work of the police and military. Those comments were ridiculed online, where many criticized the rising violence and graft that have stained his administration. In further bad news for Pena Nieto s unpopular government, Silvestre de la Toba, the head of the Baja California Sur state human rights commission, was shot dead on Monday. His killing drew criticism from U.S. Ambassador to Mexico Roberta Jacobson, who tweeted that his death should be fully investigated.  Baja California Sur, which includes the popular resort of Los Cabos, is one of the states that has seen the sharpest rise in murders. There were 409 in the first 10 months of 2017, up 178 percent from the same period last year.  ",1
14207,Australia defends alternative accommodation for asylum seekers against U.N. criticism,"SYDNEY/GENEVA (Reuters) - Australia s foreign minister said on Wednesday that asylum seekers occupying an abandoned Australian-run detention camp in Papua New Guinea (PNG) can relocate to alternative accommodation, challenging United Nations claims that the substitute site is unfinished and inadequate. Some 380 men have barricaded themselves into Manus Island center for more than 20 days without regular food or water supplies, defying attempts by Australia and PNG to close the facility. The asylum seekers say they fear for their safety if moved to the transit center, and risk being resettled in PNG or another developing nation permanently.  There is accommodation that is perfectly acceptable,  Australia s Foreign Minister, Julie Bishop, said in an interview with Australian Broadcasting Corp radio on Wednesday.  The stand-off on Manus Island can be ended if the men ... move from the regional processing center to the alternative accommodation that is being offered.  Mostly from Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Syria, the men are held under Australia s strict  sovereign borders  immigration policy, under which it refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores. The stand-off has attracted the attention of the United Nations, which is a long-time critic of the conditions experienced by asylum seekers held in Australia s offshore camps. Nai Jit Lam, a regional representative for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, told a U.N. briefing in Geneva on Tuesday that asylum seekers  are still not adequately provided for outside the center .  It s still under construction ... we saw for ourselves that they are trying to complete the site as quickly as possible but the fact remains that major work is still in progress,  Lam said in a satellite phone call from Manus Island. Australia says allowing asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores would only encourage people smugglers in Asia and see more people risk their lives trying to make the perilous sea voyage. It rejected an offer from New Zealand to resettle 150 of the men to focus on sending up to 1,250 asylum seekers to the United States. Conditions at the abandoned facility are getting worse each day, according to Lam, with rubbish and human waste building up and medical supplies already exhausted. Papua New Guinea s Post-Courier newspaper reported on Tuesday that immigration officials would begin evicting the men on Wednesday, the fourth such deadline imposed on the refugees to leave since the camp s closure on Oct. 31. Papua New Guinea s Immigration department did not respond to a request for comment. ",1
14208,Weather improves but clock ticks for Argentine submarine search,"MAR DEL PLATA, Argentina (Reuters) - The search for a missing Argentine submarine and its 44-member crew was helped by calmer seas on Tuesday, but there were no new clues about its location and worries multiplied because the vessel may be running low on oxygen, a navy spokesman said. The ARA San Juan was en route from Ushuaia, the world s southernmost city, to its base in Mar del Plata and was about 300 miles (480 km) off the coast when it gave its last location on Wednesday, soon after reporting an electrical malfunction.  If the German-built submarine had sunk or was otherwise unable to rise to the surface since it sent its last signal, it would be winding down its seven-day oxygen supply.  Oxygen is a permanent worry. Every day that passes is more critical,  naval commander Gabriel Galeazzi said at an evening news conference in Mar del Plata.  More than a dozen boats and planes from Argentina, the United States, Britain, Chile and Brazil have joined the search. Authorities had been mainly scanning from the sky as storms halted the maritime hunt last weekend.  The weather improved on Tuesday, helping search efforts by sea. Wind speed slowed and waves that rose as high as 8 meters (26 feet) at the weekend diminished.   The search by patrol ships has become more effective thanks more than anything to less pounding by the waves, which have fallen to three or four meters,  navy spokesman Enrique Balbi told reporters in Buenos Aires.  We have to make the most of today and tomorrow because on Thursday the weather is expected to get more complicated,  he said. Also on Tuesday, authorities investigated white flares spotted in the South Atlantic overnight. Searchers found an empty floating raft, and noticed the flares from a distance. But the raft s brand suggested it did not belong to the ARA San Juan, which was equipped with only red flares for emergencies and green flares for other situations, the navy said. Searchers have suffered other disappointments. Analysis of satellite signals and sounds detected by underwater probes, initially thought to be messages from the crew, has found they did not come from the vessel.  The sounds could be biological. We have discarded the possibility that it was a clanging of morse code against the hull of the submarine,  Balbi said.  Relatives of crew members have been gathered at a naval base in Mar del Plata, where the search is being coordinated. The ARA San Juan was launched in 1983, the newest of three submarines in the navy s fleet, and underwent maintenance in 2008 in Argentina. Its four diesel engines and its electric propeller engines were replaced, according to specialist publication Jane s Sentinel. ",1
14209,Timeline: U.N. tribunal to give verdict in genocide trial of Ratko Mladic,"SARAJEVO (Reuters) - The U.N. war crimes tribunal for former Yugoslavia delivers its verdict on Wednesday in the trial of Ratko Mladic, the ex-Bosnian Serb military commander charged with genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia s 1992-95 war. Here is a timeline of events leading to his arrest as well as important aspects of his trial: July 25 - The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) indicts Mladic and wartime Bosnian Serb political leader Radovan Karadzic on charges of genocide, crimes against humanity and violations of the laws and customs of wars. Nov. 21 - The United States brokers the Dayton Accords that formally end Europe s worst conflict since World War Two, with 100,000 dead and 2 million homeless. A NATO-led force deploys in the shattered country to secure implementation of the deal.       Late 1990s - Mladic is believed to move to neighboring Serbia to avoid possible capture by international forces in Bosnia. Occasional reports surface of Mladic appearing in public in Belgrade. Karadzic also moves secretly to Serbia. 2000 - Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic is toppled by a pro-democracy uprising and successor authorities hand the former strongman over to the ICTY in 2001 for trial. ICTY Prosecutor Carla Del Ponte renews demand for arrest of Mladic and Karadzic. 2006 - A Serbian military intelligence report discloses that Mladic was using army premises until mid-2002. The European Union suspends talks on relations with Serbia over its failure to arrest war crimes fugitives including Mladic and Karadzic.      March 11, 2006 - Milosevic dies in his prison cell before his trial can be completed. 2008 - Serbian authorities arrest a disguised Karadzic and extradite him to the ICTY in The Hague. June 16 - Mladic s family launch court proceedings in Serbia to declare him dead, saying he had been in poor health and they had had no contact with him for over five years. Oct. 28 - Serbia raises reward for information leading to the arrest of Mladic to 10 million euros. May 26 - Mladic is arrested at the farmhouse of a relative in a small town in northern Serbia. May 29 - Serbian nationalists assault police at a Belgrade rally where about 10,000 people demand the fall of the government over Mladic s arrest. May 31 - Serbia extradites Mladic to the ICTY. June 3 - Mladic appears at an ICTY hearing, calling the charges against him  obnoxious  and  monstrous words . He declines to enter a plea, saying he needs more time to study the charges. Judge Alphons Orie schedules a new hearing for July 4.   July 4 - Judge Alphons Orie removes Mladic from the courtroom after he refuses to listen to the charges against him. Orie enters a not-guilty plea on Mladic s behalf on all 11 charges against him. May 16 - Mladic s trial begins. July 9 - The first witness, a survivor of a 1992 massacre, confronts Mladic and breaks down in tears as he tells the court about the last time he saw his father, one of 150 Muslim men killed by Bosnian Serb forces in the village of Grabovica. April 10 - Mladic gets removed from court for challenging harrowing testimony from a survivor of the July 1995 massacre in Srebrenica of 8,000 Muslim men and boys by Bosnian Serb forces. Jan. 28 - Mladic appears as a witness against his will in the trial of Karadzic and sidesteps questions from his old ally. April 5 - The ICTY upholds a life sentence against Zdravko Tolimir, the former head of Bosnian Serb military intelligence who reported directly to Mladic, for genocide over his role in the Srebrenica massacre. March 24 - The ICTY convicts Karadzic of genocide for the Srebrenica massacre, the worst atrocity in Europe since World War Two, and sentences him to 40 years. December - Prosecution and defence teams deliver closing arguments in Mladic s trial. Prosecutors demand life in prison for Mladic for the execution-style killings of Muslim men and boys in Srebrenica and their burial in mass graves, the long siege and bombardment of the Bosnian capital Sarajevo, and  ethnic cleansing  of Muslims and Croats in other areas. Defense lawyers argue that Mladic never ordered the Srebrenica killings and say the case against him was systematically biased. March - Mladic s lawyers seek his provisional release, arguing he is not getting adequate medical treatment at the U.N. detention center in The Hague. Prosecutors argue against this. May 11 - Judges reject Mladic s requests for provisional release. They will reject his appeals and similar requests for release on medical grounds regularly through November. Nov. 22 - Verdict and potential sentencing.    ($1 = 0.8530 euros) ",1
14210,Half of Germans want new elections after coalition talks fail,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Half of Germans are in favor of calling a new election after Chancellor Angela Merkel failed to reach a deal to form a new coalition with two other parties, while a fifth back forming a minority government, an opinion poll showed on Wednesday. The poll, conducted by INSA for the Bild daily, showed 49.9 percent favoring another election. It also showed 48.5 percent think the center-left Social Democrats (SPD) are right to rule out joining a new  grand coalition  with Merkel s conservatives, which only 18 percent would favor. The SPD lost ground in the September election after sharing power with Merkel for the last four years. The collapse of talks between Merkel s conservative bloc, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens has thrown Germany into political uncertainty and raised the prospect of new elections. The poll showed that 28 percent blame FDP leader Christian Lindner for the failure of the talks, followed by 27 percent, who blame Merkel, while only 13 percent blame Greens leader Cem Ozdemir. Four out of 10 people polled say Merkel should run again as chancellor if new elections are called, while 24 percent would prefer another candidate for her Christian Democrats (CDU), although there is little consensus on who that should be. The poll showed that most voters would prefer a coalition between the CDU and FDP after new elections, followed by a coalition between SPD, Greens and the left-wing Linke. However, the poll showed that a new election would bring little change to the results of the September vote, with the CDU down slightly on 30 percent, the SPD steady on 21 percent, the Greens on 10 percent and the FDP on 11 percent. That would still mean that the only possible coalitions with a majority would be between the CDU and the SPD or between the CDU, FDP and Greens. ",1
14211,Hariri back in Lebanon for first time since quitting as PM,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri returned to Beirut on Tuesday for the first time since he resigned as Lebanon s prime minister in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia and plunged his country into political crisis. Hariri s sudden resignation on Nov. 4 thrust Lebanon to the forefront of regional tussle between the Sunni monarchy of Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Islamist Iran, whose powerful Lebanese ally Hezbollah is part of the government. Hariri was greeted by members of the security forces as he disembarked from a jet at Beirut airport, live footage of his arrival showed. Hariri, a long-time ally of Saudi Arabia, cited fear of assassination and meddling by Iran and Hezbollah in the Arab world in his resignation speech. The move caught even his aides off guard, and politicians close to him say Riyadh forced him to quit and held him in Saudi Arabia. Riyadh and Hariri have denied this. Lebanese President Michel Aoun has refused to accept the resignation until Hariri returns to present it in person. Earlier, Hariri met Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Cairo, saying after the meeting that he would announce his  political position  in Lebanon. In a Nov. 12 interview from Saudi Arabia with Future TV, a station affiliated with his political party, Hariri said he would return to Lebanon to confirm his resignation. But he also held out the possibility of withdrawing it if Hezbollah respected Lebanon s policy of staying out of regional conflicts such as Yemen. ",1
14212,"UK government averts Brexit rebellion, giving ground on EU rights plan","LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May s government averted a rebellion in parliament on Tuesday over plans to ditch the European Union s Charter of Fundamental Rights, promising to review its approach and make changes if needed.  Parliament is debating legislation which will enact Britain s exit from the EU in March 2019 and copy EU law into British law - described by officials as  one of the largest legislative projects ever undertaken in the UK . The bill is testing May s ability to govern effectively after she lost her parliamentary majority in June, leaving her leading a fragile minority government and in charge of a Conservative Party divided on how best to manage the split from the EU. On Tuesday, the focus of an eight-day debate which has already forced May s ministers into some concessions, fell on the government s plan not to include the Charter of Fundamental Rights in its mass  cut and paste  of EU law. The government, which says there is no need to copy across the EU charter because all it does is codify rights that exist through other legal instruments, headed off a potential rebellion by promising a review and possible technical changes later in the lawmaking process.   We do recognise the strength of views... and we are prepared to look again at this issue to make sure that we are taking an approach which can command the support of this house,  said the government s Solicitor General Robert Buckland. That was enough to dissuade dissatisfied members of May s party from joining forces with opposition lawmakers to force an outright U-turn on scrapping the charter.  The government still intends to scrap the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights, but says citizens will not lose any of the existing rights the document sets out.  During the debate, critics - including members of May s own party - argued that abandoning the charter was an unnecessary risk and in its current form diluted some citizens  rights and created uncertainty over the protection of others.  The rights charter came into force in 2009 through the EU s Lisbon Treaty and brings together the fundamental EU-protected right in a single document. It is one of only a handful of exceptions contained within the government s Brexit blueprint which sets out to preserve EU law after Britain leaves the bloc to give businesses certainty that they won t face overnight rules changes.     The bill is currently at an early stage in the lawmaking process. The government has so far avoided any defeats, but has had to make last-minute concessions on several points. Tuesday s concession concerned a technical issue around how certain types of EU law should be treated after Brexit. The toughest test of May s authority, set to centre on the issue of fixing the date and time of Britain s EU exit in law, is yet to come. No date has been set yet for the remaining five days of debates that make up the current stage of the bill s passage. ",1
14213,"Canada proposes health warnings, child-proof packs for legal pot sales","OTTAWA (Reuters) - The Canadian government proposed on Tuesday mandatory health warnings and child-proof packaging as well as a licensing regime for all cannabis products in legislation ahead of the July 2018 legalization of recreational marijuana. The proposals, which will be open for public consultation for 60 days, include restrictions on packaging to ensure the products are not enticing to children as well as legal standards for quality control and potency, Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor told reporters. The government is on track to legalize recreational marijuana by July 2018, making it the first Group of Seven country to do so. Petitpas Taylor said the government wants to set strict guidelines for the safety of cannabis products, but ensure micro-producers and big companies alike will have access to the market as long as they are licensed.  We want to make sure the market will be open to everyone. Some people will be small businesses and they can certainly apply for a license in order to have a micro-industry, if you will,  she told reporters, adding there is no limit to the number of licenses that will be available. The proposed regulations address the licensing, tracking, packaging and labeling of recreational and medical marijuana practices, and include a permitting regime for the cultivation, processing, sale, testing and import and export of cannabis. The federal government earlier this month proposed splitting with the provinces income from excise taxes on recreational marijuana, drawing criticism from Ontario, which is concerned it will face higher costs associated with the new law.  The federal government said it wants an excise tax on all cannabis products, including medical marijuana, of C$1 per gram (0.04 ounce), or 10 percent of the retail price, whichever is higher. Some provinces have asked the government to delay legalization, saying they need more time to set up a sales system and train police officers who will be enforcing the new rules. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau made the issue part of his 2015 successful election campaign and the Liberal government says regulating marijuana will keep it out of the hands of underage users and reduce drug-related crime. Shares of licensed producers, such as Canopy Growth, have soared in anticipation of legalization but the stocks are expected to face a bumpy ride in 2018. ",1
14214,"Lebanon's Hariri lands in Cyprus, meets its president- Hariri Twitter feed","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri arrived in Cyprus for a meeting with its president on Tuesday, Hariri said on his Twitter feed, ahead of his expected return to Beirut to take part in independence day celebrations on Wednesday. Hariri is expected to return to Lebanon in the coming hours, his first trip home since his sudden resignation as prime minister on Nov. 4 plunged the country into political crisis.  It was a 45-minute meeting which was requested earlier today through diplomatic channels,  Cypriot government spokesman Nikos Christodoulides told Reuters of the meeting between Hariri and Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades.  We, and he, desire to see stability in Lebanon. He is leaving as we speak,  he added. ",1
14215,U.S. diplomats accuse Tillerson of breaking child soldiers law,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of about a dozen U.S. State Department officials have taken the unusual step of formally accusing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson of violating a federal law designed to stop foreign militaries from enlisting child soldiers, according to internal documents reviewed by Reuters. A confidential State Department  dissent  memo, which Reuters was first to report on, said Tillerson breached the Child Soldiers Prevention Act when he decided in June to exclude Iraq, Myanmar, and Afghanistan from a U.S. list of offenders in the use of child soldiers. This was despite the department publicly acknowledging that children were being conscripted in those countries. [tmsnrt.rs/2jJ7pav] Keeping the countries off the annual list makes it easier to provide them with U.S. military assistance. Iraq and Afghanistan are close allies in the fight against Islamist militants, while Myanmar is an emerging ally to offset China s influence in Southeast Asia. Documents reviewed by Reuters also show Tillerson s decision was at odds with a unanimous recommendation by the heads of the State Department s regional bureaus overseeing embassies in the Middle East and Asia, the U.S. envoy on Afghanistan and Pakistan, the department s human rights office and its own in-house lawyers. [tmsnrt.rs/2Ah6tB4]     Beyond contravening U.S. law, this decision risks marring the credibility of a broad range of State Department reports and analyses and has weakened one of the U.S. government's primary diplomatic tools to deter governmental armed forces and government-supported armed groups from recruiting and using children in combat and support roles around the world,  said the July 28 memo. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert, questioned at length by reporters on the issue at her daily briefing, strongly defended Tillerson s decision as valid and in  technical compliance with the law in the way he read it.   No one in the United States government likes the idea of the use of child soldiers,  she said.  It s abhorrent. Asked at a photo opportunity with the visiting Peruvian foreign minister about his decision, Tillerson sidestepped any direct response to the dissenting officials  complaint.  Reuters reported in June that Tillerson had disregarded internal recommendations on Iraq, Myanmar and Afghanistan. The new documents reveal the scale of the opposition in the State Department, including the rare use of what is known as the   dissent channel,  which allows officials to object to policies without fear of reprisals. The views expressed by the U.S. officials illustrate ongoing tensions between career diplomats and the former chief of Exxon Mobil Corp appointed by President Donald Trump to pursue  an  America First  approach to diplomacy.    The child soldiers law passed in 2008 states that the U.S. government must be satisfied that no children under the age of 18  are recruited, conscripted or otherwise compelled to serve as child soldiers  for a country to be removed from the list. The statute extends specifically to government militaries and government-supported armed groups like militias. The list currently includes the Democratic Republic of Congo, Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan, Mali, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.     In a written response to the dissent memo on Sept. 1, Tillerson adviser Brian Hook acknowledged that the three countries did use child soldiers. He said, however, it was necessary to distinguish between governments  making little or no effort to correct their child soldier violations ... and those which are making sincere - if as yet incomplete - efforts.  [tmsnrt.rs/2zWGRt0]Hook made clear that America s top diplomat used what he sees as his discretion to interpret the law. Foreign militaries on the list are prohibited from receiving aid, training and weapons from Washington unless the White House issues a waiver based on U.S.  national interest.  In 2016, under the Obama administration, both Iraq and Myanmar, as well as others such as Nigeria and Somalia, received waivers.    At times, the human rights community chided President Barack Obama for being too willing to issue waivers and exemptions, especially for governments that had security ties with Washington, instead of sanctioning more of those countries.  Human Rights Watch frequently criticized President Barack Obama for giving too many countries waivers, but the law has made a real difference,  Jo Becker, advocacy director for the group s children s rights division, wrote in June in a critique of Tillerson s decision. The dissenting U.S. officials stressed that Tillerson s decision to exclude Iraq, Afghanistan and Myanmar went a step further than the Obama administration s waiver policy by contravening the law and effectively easing pressure on the countries to eradicate the use of child soldiers.   The officials acknowledged in the documents reviewed by Reuters that those three countries had made progress. But in their reading of the law, they said that was not enough to be kept off a list that has been used to shame governments into completely eradicating the use of child soldiers. Ben Cardin, ranking Democrat on the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, wrote to Tillerson on Friday saying there were  serious concerns that the State Department may not be complying  with the law and that the secretary s decision  sent a powerful message to these countries that they were receiving a pass on their unconscionable actions.  The memo was among a series of previously unreported documents sent this month to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the State Department s independent inspector general s office that relate to allegations that Tillerson violated the child soldiers law. Legal scholars say that because of the executive branch s latitude in foreign policy there is little legal recourse to counter Tillerson s decision.    Herman Schwartz, a constitutional law professor at American University in Washington, said U.S. courts would be unlikely to accept any challenge to Tillerson s interpretation of the child soldiers law as allowing him to remove a country from the list on his own discretion.    The signatories to the document were largely senior policy experts with years of involvement in the issues, said an official familiar with the matter. Reuters saw a copy of the document that did not include the names of those who signed it.    Tillerson s decision to remove Iraq and Myanmar, formerly known as Burma, from the list and reject a recommendation by U.S. officials to add Afghanistan was announced in the release of the government s annual human trafficking report on June 27.   Six days earlier, a previously unreported memo emailed to Tillerson from a range of senior diplomats said the three countries violated the law based on evidence gathered by U.S. officials in 2016 and recommended that he approve them for the new list.  It noted that in Iraq, the United Nations and non-governmental organizations  reported that some Sunni tribal forces ... recruited and used persons younger than the age of 18, including instances of children taking a direct part in hostilities.    Ali Kareem, who heads Iraq s High Committee for Human Rights, denied the country s military or state-backed militias use child soldiers.  We can say today with full confidence that we have a clean slate on child recruitment issues,  he said.    The memo also said  two confirmed cases of child recruitment  by the Myanmar military  were documented during the reporting period.  Human rights advocates have estimated that dozens of children are still conscripted there.  Myanmar government spokesman Zaw Htay challenged accusers to provide details of where and how child soldiers are being used. He noted that in the latest State Department report on human trafficking,  they already recognized (Myanmar) for reducing of child soldiers    though the report also made clear some children were still conscripted.   The memo said further there was  credible evidence  that a government-supported militia in Afghanistan  recruited and used a child,  meeting the minimum threshold of a single confirmed case that the State Department had previously used as the legal basis for putting a country on the list.   The Afghan defense and interior ministries both denied there were any child soldiers in Afghan national security forces, an assertion that contradicts the State Department s reports and human rights activists. ",1
14216,Hariri returns to Lebanon for first time since resigning as PM,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri landed in Beirut on Tuesday, his media office said, returning home for the first time since he resigned as Lebanon s prime minister in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia and plunged his country into political crisis,  Hariri s sudden resignation on Nov. 4 thrust Lebanon to the forefront of a regional power struggle between the Sunni monarchy of Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Islamist Iran, whose powerful ally Hezbollah is part of the Lebanese government. ",1
14217,Ukraine rebel leader accuses sacked ally of staging revolt,"MOSCOW/KIEV (Reuters) - Armed men in masks blocked off the center of Ukraine s rebel-controlled city of Luhansk on Tuesday in what the rebel leader said was a revolt by supporters of a sacked regional police chief. In fighting that broke out in 2014, Russian-backed rebels threw off rule by a new pro-Western leadership in Kiev and set up two self-proclaimed separatist statelets in eastern Ukraine, one centered on Luhansk and another around the city of Donetsk. Those separatist regions are aided by Moscow but not recognized by any state, and they have been dogged by outbreaks of internal tensions that have on occasion turned violent. The Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe, which monitors the implementation of a much-violated ceasefire agreement with Ukraine, said on Tuesday it had observed military-style vehicles and armed men in central Luhansk. The tension in Luhansk did not appear to have any direct connection to the conflict between the rebels and Ukraine s government, but President Petro Poroshenko called a meeting of his security and defense council late on Tuesday.  The Ukrainian armed forces are ready for all developments to ensure the safety of civilians,  Poroshenko said in a statement. Residents of Luhansk, capital of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People s Republic (LNR), saw unidentified armed men blocking access to downtown streets on Tuesday morning, according to local media and a resident of the city. The OSCE s monitoring mission posted photos on Twitter that showed lines of heavy military trucks and armored personnel carriers in central Luhansk. The LNR s rebel leader, Igor Plotnitsky, blamed disgruntled supporters of Igor Kornet, his chief of police whom he said he had fired on Monday.  The attempts by certain elements in the interior ministry in this way to challenge the decision .... (to remove Kornet) have gone beyond the bounds of what is acceptable,  Plotnitsky said in a statement on his administration s web site.  I can say with confidence that the attempts by certain persons to stay in power by destabilizing the situation ... are futile, and in the very near future will be neutralized.  But Kornet said he was still in his job, and demanded that senior figures in the region s rebel leadership be prosecuted.  I want to dispel rumors that I ve been removed,  he said in a video message, clad in field camouflage.  We have the situation completely under control.  He said that he had uncovered evidence that several senior LNR officials, acting in collusion with Kiev, were  involved in criminal activity to the detriment of the interests of the republic and the people of Luhansk .  Last night I provided all the documents available to the ...Igor Plotnitsky, who decided to launch criminal cases and arrest those involved,  Kornet said. In his statement the Luhansk rebel leader contradicted this, saying there were no grounds to arrest the officials identified by Kornet. The conflict in the country s east between Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russian separatists has killed over 10,000 people. Russia denies accusations from Ukraine and NATO that it supports the rebels with troops and weapons. ",1
14218,Russia's Putin hosts Assad in fresh drive for Syria peace deal,"MOSCOW/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin hosted Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for three hours of talks to lay the groundwork for a new push by Moscow to end Syria s conflict now that Islamic State s territory is overrun. Russia is trying to broker an international consensus around a peace deal for Syria, over two years after Moscow began a military intervention that turned the tide of the conflict in Assad s favor. Putin said he would follow up his meeting late on Monday with Assad by talking soon to international leaders with influence over the conflict, among them U.S. President Donald Trump, the Saudi king, and the leaders of Iran and Turkey.  In a more than hour long phone call on Tuesday, Trump and Putin stressed the importance of the U.N.-led peace process in resolving the Syrian civil war, the White House said.   According to the Kremlin, Putin told Trump that the  Syrian leader confirmed adherence to the political process, to run a constitutional reform  and presidential and parliamentary elections.  Previous attempts to end Syria s six years of war have foundered because of bitter disagreements, especially on whether Assad himself should stay in power. After the talks in Russia   Assad s first publicly-declared travel outside Syria since a trip to Moscow in October, 2015   a Kremlin spokesman declined to say if Assad s own future had come up in the discussions, saying only that was up to the Syrian people.  The White House statement made no mention of Assad s future. U.S. officials have said Assad has no future governing Syria. Putin meanwhile also spoke with Saudi King Salman, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.  The half-hour conversation with Netanyahu dealt with Iran s attempts to gain a foothold in Syria and Israel s opposition to such moves, according to a source in Netanyahu s office. The Israeli leader stressed his country s security concerns, the source said. In a sign that international attempts may be underway to bridge the differences between rival sides in the Syrian conflict, leading opposition figures, including former prime minister Riyad Hijab, resigned. Hijab headed the opposition High Negotiations Committee, formed with Saudi backing, and had insisted on Assad s removal from power at the start of a political transition. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, speaking in Moscow, said the resignations would make the opposition more reasonable and realistic. On Wednesday, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani   whose countries back opposing sides in the Syria conflict   will travel to Russia for a three-way meeting with Putin aimed at advancing the Syrian peace process. Assad s visit to Russia was brief and closely-guarded. He flew in on Monday evening, held talks, and flew out four hours after landing, according to the Kremlin. Officials did not release word of the meeting until Tuesday morning. Sitting either side of a small coffee table in a conference room at Putin s residence in Sochi, southern Russia, Putin told Assad it was time to pivot from a focus on military operations to a search for a peaceful solution. Syrian government forces and their allies at the weekend took control of Albu Kamal, the last major Syrian town held by Islamic State.  We still have a long way to go before we achieve a complete victory over terrorists. But as far as our joint work in fighting terrorism on the territory of Syria is concerned, this military operation is indeed wrapping up,  Putin told Assad, in comments broadcast by Russian television.  Now the most important thing, of course, is to move on to the political questions, and I note with satisfaction your readiness to work with all those who want peace and a solution (to the conflict),  Putin said. Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, dressed in an olive-colored uniform, looked on as Putin and Assad spoke. Wearing a dark suit and sitting across from Putin, Assad told the Russian leader:  At this stage, especially after we achieved victory over terrorists, it is in our interests to move forward with the political process.  And we believe that the situation we now have on the ground and in the political sense permits us to expect progress in the political process. We count on the support of Russia to ensure the non-interference of outside players in the political process,  he said through an interpreter.  We don t want to look backwards. We welcome all those who truly want to see a political solution. We are ready to have a dialogue with them,  said Assad. Putin and Assad last met in Moscow on Oct. 20, 2015, a few weeks after Moscow launched its military operation in Syria, which has beaten back anti-Assad rebels and propped up struggling government forces. Underscoring the importance of the Russian military to Assad, Putin presented the Syrian leader to top military commanders assembled at his Sochi residence.  On behalf of the entire Syrian people, I express my gratitude for what you have done,  Assad told them.  We will not forget it.  Assad s opponents, and Western governments, have accused Russia of killing significant numbers of Syrian civilians with its air strikes, allegations Moscow denies. Some people familiar with the Kremlin s thinking say that, to reach a peace deal, Russia would not insist on Assad staying in power   as long as the institutions of the Syrian state remained intact. But while Russia is not wedded to Assad, Iran is committed to him. Iranian forces and the Iran-backed Hezbollah militia have played a big role in the fighting on the ground, supporting Assad s forces.  Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah thanked and praised Shi ite militias including Afghans and Iraqis for their role in the Syria war in a speech on Monday night. He said the head of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Qods Force, Major General Qassem Soleimani, had led the battle for Albu Kamal from the frontlines. ",1
14219,Britain to detail Brexit bill when EU agrees to move talks forward,"LONDON/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May will only detail how big a divorce settlement Britain is willing to pay the EU when the bloc gives a commitment to moving talks forward, according to a plan rubber-stamped by even her most pro-Brexit ministers. The Brexit bill has become one of several hurdles to talks to unravel more than 40 years of union, with London reticent to offer too much too soon on what officials consider to be one of its strongest bargaining chips. In Brussels, British media speculation that May has won the backing of Brexit hardliners to offer more cash prompted talk among EU diplomats that a deal to unblock talks on future trade relations could be in the making ahead of a crunch Brussels summit in three weeks. At a meeting on Monday, May s Brexit committee - made up of some of her top ministers - backed the long-held strategy that Britain would honor commitments made when it was a member of the European Union. But the government will only offer any specifics when the bloc s negotiators give a commitment that talks will move to a discussion of the future relationship.  We are ready to move onto phase two, to see those talks about a deep and special partnership with the EU for the future, a comprehensive trade agreement with the EU,  May said on Tuesday.  I think that s in the interests of the UK and in the interests of the remaining EU-27. I think it s also important that the UK and the EU step forward together,  she added, a turn of phrase a source said expressed her desire for coordination. In public, Brussels is standing firm on the need for Britain to first make clear not a concrete  euros and cents  offer but a commitment to pay a share of EU spending for some items after Brexit - one of three key conditions the EU has set for opening trade talks. Asked if the EU was ready to give a promise to start those talks as soon as London offers more money, European Commission deputy head Frans Timmermans told CNN:  I hear them saying that. But as far as the EU27 is concerned, ... if we tackle the three issues ... if we deal with that satisfactorily, we can move to the next stage. And that s been crystal clear since Day One.  Nonetheless, EU negotiators are willing to help May with at least the appearance of cutting a deal. They could help  fudge  the amount of cash being handed over. And the EU already has an outline of a transition and free trade accord, which May could point to as something she had secured in exchange.  We are ready to present the exit bill in a way that would make it easier for the Brits to sell at home,  one diplomat said. He added that EU officials had looked at whether Britain might forgo its roughly 50-percent rebate on EU budget payments during a two-year transition period after Brexit, so reducing the gross amount Britain would otherwise hand over in advance. With only 16 months until Britain leaves the bloc, May is under increasing pressure not only from EU officials to move on the money, but also by businesses to provide certainty by early next year so they can make investment decisions. But she has a tightrope to walk.  Many in her governing Conservative Party want Britain to quit the talks, feeling the EU is holding the country hostage over money, which they want to spend at home rather than abroad. Her spokesman said no figures were discussed at Monday s meeting and other ministers gave no details of what was discussed.  Local media reported that she could increase the sum to 40 billion pounds ($53 billion), more than double the initial estimated offer of 20 billion euros ($23.5 billion). The Commission has cited a figure of 60 billion euros but EU officials have long said that is up for negotiation. For many in May s own party, however, the suggestion of any increase in how much Britain will pay at a time when talks had failed to move forward for five months was unpalatable.  I need to be able to look my voters in the eye and be able to say that I have backed a deal that is in the interests of Britain,  Conservative lawmaker Andrew Bridgen told Reuters.  If I can t do that, I will vote against a deal and we will go to WTO rules of trade, rules with which we already trade with most of the world successfully.  ",1
14220,"Trump, Putin discuss support for U.N. peace process in Syria: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump spoke on Tuesday with Russian President Vladimir Putin and the two leaders stressed the importance of the U.N.-led peace process in resolving the Syrian civil war, the White House said in a statement. In the more than hour-long phone call, Trump and Putin also agreed to explore ways to cooperate in the fight against militant groups such as Islamic State, the statement said. In addition, the two leaders discussed how to achieve peace in Ukraine and the need to keep pressure on North Korea to end its nuclear program, it said. ",1
14221,Colombia protests Venezuelan military crossing border,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia sent a letter to the Venezuelan foreign ministry on Tuesday protesting the incursion of a military helicopter and troops from that nation over the border, the latest in a series of similar incidents that have drawn criticism from Colombia. The incident occurred on Nov. 15 and 16 near the town of Tibu in Norte de Santander province, Colombia s foreign ministry said in a statement.  The events have already been protested by the foreign ministry and there has been a meeting arranged between the foreign ministers to analyze what happened and request that measures be taken to prevent a recurrence,  it said.  Forays by Venezuelan troops into Colombia have increased in recent years, heightening diplomatic tension between the government of Colombia s President Juan Manuel Santos and Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.  Santos has accused Maduro of destroying democracy in Venezuela, while Maduro has said Colombia is part of an international conspiracy seeking to overthrow his government.  Colombia and Venezuela share a border of 2,219 km (1,379 miles), over which contraband and illegal drugs frequently pass, according to security sources. ",1
14222,"Zimbabwe's Mugabe resigns, ending four decades of rule","HARARE (Reuters) - Robert Mugabe resigned as Zimbabwe s president on Tuesday, a week after the army and his former political allies moved to end four decades of rule by a man once feted as an independence hero who became feared as a despot. His former vice president, Emmerson Mnangagwa, whose sacking this month prompted the military takeover that forced Mugabe out, will be sworn in as president on Wednesday or Thursday, Patrick Chinamasa, legal secretary of the ruling ZANU-PF party, told Reuters. The 93-year-old Mugabe had clung on for a week after an army takeover, with ZANU-PF urging him to go. He finally resigned moments after parliament began an impeachment process seen as the only legal way to force him out. Wild celebrations broke out at a joint sitting of parliament when Speaker Jacob Mudenda read out Mugabe s brief resignation letter. Mugabe, confined to his Harare residence, did not appear.  People danced in the streets of Harare and car horns blared at the news that the era of Mugabe   who had led Zimbabwe since independence in 1980   was finally over. Some brandished posters of Mnangagwa and army chief General Constantino Chiwenga.   Workers turned the Christmas lights on early in Africa Unity Square and people climbed aboard armored vehicles to pose for photographs with soldiers. Despite the public outpouring of joy, Mugabe s downfall was as much the result of in-fighting among the political elite as a popular uprising, although thousands of people rallied against him in the days after the army intervened last week.     The army seized power after Mugabe sacked Mnangagwa, ZANU-PF s favorite to succeed him, in a bid to smooth a path to the presidency for his wife Grace, 52, known to her critics as  Gucci Grace  for her reputed fondness for luxury shopping. Since the crisis began, Mugabe has been mainly confined to his  Blue Roof  mansion in the capital where Grace is also believed to be. ZANU-PF chief whip Lovemore Matuke told Reuters that Mnangagwa would be sworn in within 48 hours and serve the remainder of Mugabe s term until the next election, which must be held by September 2018.      I am very happy with what has happened,  said Maria Sabawu, a supporter of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), outside the hotel where the impeachment process was happening.  I have suffered a lot at the hands of Mugabe s government,  she said, showing her hand with a missing finger that she said was lost in violence during a presidential run-off election between Mugabe and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai in 2008. Mugabe had led Zimbabwe since a guerrilla struggle ended white-minority rule in the country formerly known as Rhodesia. He took the once-rich nation to economic ruin, presiding over the forced takeover of white-owned farms at the end of the century, which devastated agricultural foreign exchange earnings and led to hyperinflation. But brandishing his anti-colonial credentials and styling himself the Grand Old Man of African politics, Mugabe retained the admiration of many people across the continent. Amnesty International said that under Mugabe tens of thousands of people were tortured, forcibly disappeared or killed in a culture of impunity that allowed  grotesque crimes to thrive .  The people of Zimbabwe deserve better. The next generation of leaders must commit itself to upholding the constitution, living up to Zimbabwe s international human rights obligations and treating its people with dignity and justice,  the rights group said in a statement.  Mnangagwa, 75, who fled Zimbabwe after his sacking in fear for his safety, was a chief lieutenant to Mugabe for decades and himself stands accused of participating in repression. He was internal security chief in the mid-1980s when Mugabe deployed a North Korean-trained brigade against rebels during which 20,000 civilians were killed, according to rights groups. Reuters reported in September that Mnangagwa was plotting to succeed Mugabe, with army backing, at the helm of a broad coalition to seek Zimbabwe s re-engagement with the world after decades of isolation from global lenders and donors. Nicknamed  Ngwena , or crocodile in the Shona language, an animal famed in Zimbabwean lore for its stealth and ruthlessness, Mnangagwa issued a statement from hiding on Tuesday calling on Zimbabweans to unite to rebuild the country. Opposition politician and former education minister David Coltart said that call gave hope of lifting a shattered economy from its knees, provided Mnangagwa made good on his promise to reach out to other factions.  When we all wake up with hangovers tomorrow, we will be reminded of the dreadful state our nation is in - no money in the banks and businesses collapsing,  Coltart told Reuters.  As Emmerson Mnangagwa said, ZANU-PF is not capable of resolving this issue on its own. I took some comfort from his words. If he translates them into action, the future is positive.  Zimbabwe s Platform for Concerned Citizens, a civil society group, called for a national dialogue and a  transitional authority  to decide the country s future. Theresa May, prime minister of former colonial power Britain, said Mugabe s resignation  provides Zimbabwe with an opportunity to forge a new path free of the oppression that characterized his rule . She said Britain, as  Zimbabwe s oldest friend , would do all it could to support the country.      The U.S. embassy in Harare said Zimbabwe was living  a historic moment .  Whatever short-term arrangements the government may establish, the path forward must lead to free, fair and inclusive elections,  it said in a statement. ",1
14223,All eyes on the 'Crocodile' as Zimbabwe's Mugabe resigns,"HARARE (Reuters) - When Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe sacked his vice president in front of 12,000 baying party members in 2014, Emmerson Mnangagwa sat quietly in the crowd, a green baseball cap pulled low over his eyes. The man who stood to gain most from the dismissal betrayed nothing through his expression and gentle clapping - a survival tactic honed during five decades of service to the mercurial Mugabe. His cap, however, spoke volumes. Emblazoned across its front, next to a portrait of Mugabe, were four words:  Indigenise, Empower, Develop, Employ  - a slogan of the ruling ZANU-PF party. That day, he became Mugabe s official deputy. Mnangagwa, whose sacking from the post this month brought Zimbabwe s political crisis to a head, is now poised to take over after Mugabe, 93, resigned on Tuesday, ending almost four decades of rule. Mnangagwa will be sworn in on Wednesday or Thursday, ZANU-PF s legal secretary Patrick Chinamasa told Reuters. The party s chief whip said Mnangagwa would serve the remainder of Mugabe s term until the next election due by September 2018. But there are questions over how Mnangagwa will lead the country led by Mugabe since independence in 1980. In a statement issued from hiding on Tuesday, Mnangagwa said Zimbabweans from all walks of life had to work together to rebuild a shattered economy and deeply polarized society.  My desire is to join all Zimbabweans in a new era, where corruption, incompetence, dereliction of duty and laziness, social and cultural decadence is not tolerated,  he said.  In that new Zimbabwe, it is important for everyone to join hands so that we rebuild this nation to its full glory. This is not a job for ZANU-PF alone but for all people of Zimbabwe.  The 75-year-old was one of Mugabe s most trusted lieutenants, having been at his side in prison, during wartime and then in government. With his appointment in 2014 as Mugabe s official deputy, Mnangagwa had appeared well set as the eventual successor to Africa s oldest head of state.  There are no arguments around his credentials to provide strong leadership and stability, but there are questions over whether he can also be a democrat,  said Eldred Masunungure, a political science lecturer at the University of Zimbabwe. Speaking at the congress in 2014, Mnangagwa reinforced the message emblazoned on his headgear, announcing revisions to ZANU-PF s constitution that backed  total ownership and control  of Zimbabwe s natural resources. It was a key insight to the party s direction as it contemplated life beyond Mugabe.  We will remain forever masters of our own destiny,  Mnangagwa said at the time, to cheers from the crowd. Along the way, Mnangagwa earned the nickname  Ngwena , Shona for crocodile, an animal famed in Zimbabwean lore for its stealth and ruthlessness. He backed Mugabe s economic nationalism, especially a drive to force foreign firms to hand majority stakes to local blacks, suggesting he may not be the pro-market pragmatist many investors were hoping for. He has been in every administration since independence, holding posts as varied as minister of state security, defense and finance, as well as speaker of parliament. Most controversially, he was in charge of internal security in the mid-1980s when Mugabe deployed a crack North Korean-trained brigade against rebels loyal to his rival Joshua Nkomo. Rights groups say 20,000 civilians, mostly from the Ndebele tribe, were killed. Mugabe denies genocide or crimes against humanity but has admitted it was a  moment of madness . Mnangagwa s role remains shrouded in mystery, typical of a political operator trained as a communist guerrilla in China in the 1960s and who always stayed in the shadows behind Mugabe. Secretive and insular, he prefers to operate under the radar, those in his inner circle say, and when pushed into a corner, resorts to jokes and trivia to avoid serious discussion.  I wouldn t say he is deceptive but it s fair to say his default position is to crack jokes and deflect uncomfortable questions by asking endless questions,  one member of parliament close to him said.  He is very conscious that his public image is that of a hard man but he is a much more complex personality - pleasant and an amazing story-teller,  the politician, also from Mnangagwa s Midlands Province, told Reuters. Mnangagwa s appointment as vice president came a day after his predecessor Joice Mujuru was fired for allegedly planning to topple Mugabe. Asked whether the purge would weaken the party, a smiling Mnangagwa said:  The revolution has a way of strengthening itself. It goes through cycles, this is another cycle where it rids itself of elements that had now become inconsistent with the correct line.  Mnangagwa learnt his politics in prison in the 1960s after being sentenced to death for sabotage by British authorities. He was captured while in one of the earliest guerrilla units fighting white colonial rule in what was then Rhodesia. He was 19 and only spared the noose by a law prohibiting the execution of convicts under 21. After a decade in prison, often sharing a cell with Mugabe, Mnangagwa became personal assistant to the leader of the liberation struggle, and went on to head the guerrilla movement s feared internal security bureau. In January, a photograph appeared in local media showing Mnangagwa enjoying drinks with a friend. In his hand was a large novelty mug emblazoned with the words:  I M THE BOSS.  To supporters of Mugabe, this bordered on treason. They suspected that Mnangagwa already saw himself in the leader s shoes. When Mugabe fired Mnangagwa as vice president this month for showing  traits of disloyalty , he removed a possible successor who was also one of his last remaining liberation war comrades. But relations had already cooled between the two men after suggestions by Mnangagwa s allies in August that he had been poisoned by ice cream from a dairy owned by the Mugabes. ",1
14224,U.S. marine accused of drunk driving after Japanese man dies in crash,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese man was killed in a truck collision involving a 21-year-old U.S. marine who was well over the legal alcohol limit for driving, police said of a case that was likely to stoke resentment over the U.S. military presence on the southern island of Okinawa.     In response to the Sunday s fatal accident, U.S. forces in Japan banned, until further notice, all personnel in the country from drinking of alcohol.  The Defence and Foreign Ministries have lodged a stern representation to the U.S. forces in Japan and the U.S. embassy in Japan, asking for the enforcement of discipline, prevention of recurrence and sincere response to the bereaved,  Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a regular news conference on Monday. U.S. Ambassador to Japan William Hagerty expressed his condolences and offered an apology, Suga said. The accident occurred at an intersection in the city of Naha early Sunday morning. The marine was driving a military truck, and the 61-year-old crash victim was in a light truck. The Japanese man was later pronounced dead, while the U.S. serviceman, who was arrested for the fatal accident and driving under the influence of alcohol, suffered scratches, a police official in Naha said. The official said a breath test showed the marine was as much as three times over the legal limit for alcohol.  When our service members fail to live up to the high standards we set for them, it damages the bonds between bases and local communities and make it harder for us to accomplish our mission,  a statement from the U.S. forces in Japan said. Last year, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe protested to then-U.S. President Barack Obama about the killing of a young woman in Okinawa, for which a U.S. base worker had been charged. Obama, who was visiting Japan for a Group of Seven summit, expressed  deepest regrets.    The case is under trial. Residents in Okinawa, a reluctant host to the bulk of U.S. bases in Japan, believe that they shoulder an unfair burden in supporting the U.S. military presence in Japan. ",1
14225,German police present stolen John Lennon diaries,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German police presented on Tuesday diaries, pairs of glasses and other items belonging to late Beatle John Lennon that were stolen from his widow Yoko Ono in 2006 and eventually ended up in Berlin. Police arrested a man in Berlin on Monday suspected of receiving the 86 stolen items, which include Lennon s last diary that ended on the day he was shot and killed in New York on Dec. 8, 1980.  This day contains the entry that on that morning John Lennon and Yoko Ono had an appointment with Annie Leibovitz to take a photo which I think is world famous,  Berlin prosecutor Michael von Hagen told a news conference.  The Leibovitz portrait of a naked Lennon curled up around Ono on their bed ran on the January 1981 cover of Rolling Stone magazine. Hagen rejected suggestions that Ono might have lent or given away the objects:  The diaries especially ... were also treated by Yoko Ono as something sacred. And the idea that she would have given away three original diaries, especially the one that ends on the very day Lennon died, can be completely ruled out.  Carsten Pfohl, head of property crime for Berlin police, said investigators had found one of the pairs of glasses and a receipt in Lennon s name hidden in the trunk of the car of the accused on Monday. Police suspect that the items were stolen by Ono s former driver and then taken to Turkey and were only brought to Berlin in 2013 or 2014. Another suspect lives in Turkey, they said. The Berlin police was alerted after they were found by the administrator for a bankrupt auction house, which had previously valued the objects at 3.1 million euros  ($3.64 million). ($1 = 0.8519 euros) ",1
14226,Russian lawmaker Kerimov detained by French police in tax evasion case,"NICE, France (Reuters) - Russian businessman and lawmaker Suleiman Kerimov was arrested by French police at Nice airport on Monday evening in connection with a tax evasion case, an official at the French prosecutor s office said on Tuesday. Kerimov is ranked by Forbes magazine as Russia s 21st wealthiest businessman, with a net worth of $6.3 billion. His family controls Russia s largest gold producer Polyus.   He is being held for questioning in a case related to laundering of tax fraud proceeds,  the official said. Representatives for Kerimov could not immediately be reached for comment. Polyus declined to comment. A source said the investigation centers on the purchase of several luxury residences on the French Riviera via shell companies, something that would have enabled Kerimov to reduce taxes owed to the French state. The source added Kerimov would be held in custody for at least another 24 hours. Russia s foreign ministry said in a statement carried by Interfax news agency that Kerimov held a diplomatic passport and had immunity. It said it had informed the French authorities.  Kerimov does have a diplomatic passport, but that does not protect him from prosecution,  the French official said. The French foreign ministry could not immediately confirm it had been in contact with Moscow. A French diplomatic source said immunity was given by governments to people on diplomatic lists or if they had been mandated with a specific mission in the country.    ",1
14227,Putin informs Trump of outcome of meeting with Syria's Assad,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President discussed the civil war in Syria on Tuesday, with Putin stressing the importance of finding a political solution to the conflict after meeting with Syria s president. Trump and Putin spoke by telephone for about an hour, covering topics including Syria, Ukraine, Iran, North Korea and Afghanistan, a White House official said earlier. Their conversation came after Putin hosted Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for three hours of talks on Monday, in preparation for a push by Moscow to end Syria s conflict now that Islamic State has been driven out of its self-styled caliphate in Iraq and Syria. According to Kremlin, Putin told Trump that the  Syrian leader confirmed adherence to the political process, to run a constitutional reform and president and parliament elections .  The message was sent of the necessity to keep the sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity of Syria and to reach a political settlement based on principals to be worked out in a full-scale negotiation process in Syria,  the Kremlin said. On Wednesday, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani - whose countries back opposing sides in the Syria conflict - will travel to Russia for a meeting with Putin aimed at advancing the Syrian peace process. Putin stressed the importance to Trump of what he called  coordinating of efforts between the special services of both countries . The two leaders also discussed North Korea,  stressing the expediency of finding the ways of solution by the diplomatic means .  ",1
14228,30 people killed in attack on cattle herders in northeast Nigeria: police official,"BAUCHI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Unidentified attackers killed more than 30 cattle herders in the northeastern Nigerian state of Adamawa, a police spokesman said on Tuesday. The attack, in the Numan area of Adamawa, began on Sunday night and fighting continued into Monday morning, said Othman Abubakar, a police spokesman for the state, adding that an investigation was underway. He gave no further details. Earlier on Tuesday, a suicide bomber killed 50 worshippers during morning prayers in a mosque in the town of Mubi in northeastern Nigeria, police said, in one of the deadliest attacks in the region in years. ",1
14229,"Putin, Saudi king, stress need to coordinate over energy markets: Kremlin","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s President Vladimir Putin and Saudi Arabia s King Salman stressed the importance of further coordinating their actions on the energy markets, the Kremlin said on Tuesday.  ",1
14230,Lebanon's Hariri holds talks with Egypt President Sisi in Cairo,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri, who resigned as prime minister on Nov. 4, met Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi for talks in a brief Cairo stopover before a planned return to Lebanon, Egypt state media said on Tuesday. Hariri had been in Paris since Saturday when he met French President Emmanuel Macron. He has said he will return to Lebanon by Wednesday for the country s Independence Day celebrations, where he said he will clarify his position. His surprise resignation announced from Riyadh triggered a political crisis in Lebanon s power-sharing government and drew his country deeper into a regional power struggle between Sunni kingdom Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Islamist Iran. A Saudi ally, Hariri said he quit over interference in Lebanon by Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah, a Shi ite group, which is part the government. But President Michel Aoun and others say Hariri may have been coerced into resigning. Sisi, a former military commander who presents himself as a bulwark against Islamist militancy, has stressed his backing for Saudi Arabia and Gulf Arab allies who have helped with aid since he ousted a government led by the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013. But he has also said Egypt is not considering measures against Hezbollah despite Saudi demands for sanctions against the Lebanese group. He has received calls from Macron and from U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson over the crisis. Hariri arrived at Cairo International Airport, where he was received by Egypt s health minister, the Lebanese ambassador to Cairo and Egypt s ambassador to Beirut, his press office said. He went immediately to the presidential palace, it said. A message on Hariri s Twitter account said the meeting would be followed by a dinner in his honor.  Saad Hariri arrived in Cairo on Tuesday evening from Paris to meet President Sisi, and he is scheduled to return to Lebanon on Wednesday,  MENA state news agency said. Egypt s presidency said Aoun, a Hezbollah ally, also spoke with Sisi to discuss developments. Sisi and Aoun  underscored the importance of preserving Lebanon s stability as well as upholding Lebanon s national interest.  ",1
14231,Lebanon's Hariri leaves Cairo for Lebanon: Egypt airport sources,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri, who resigned as Lebanese prime minister on Nov. 4, left Cairo for Lebanon on Tuesday after a brief meeting with Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, Egyptian airport sources said on Tuesday. Hariri announced his resignation during a visit to Saudi Arabia but has yet to return home. He has said he will clarify his position once he returns to Lebanon. His surprise resignation has triggered a political crisis in Lebanon, which finds itself in the midst of a bitter regional rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran. ",1
14232,German political limbo threatens European reform push,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Half a year ago, the political stars seemed perfectly aligned for a deep reform of the European Union and its euro currency. Emmanuel Macron had won the French presidency on a promise to relaunch Europe. And Angela Merkel, on track to win a fourth term as German chancellor, looked ready to embrace his bold vision, telling an audience in Bavaria that it was time for Europe to take its fate into its own hands. Following the collapse of German coalition talks, however, the prospects for a meaningful leap forward in European cooperation, driven by newly minted governments in Berlin and Paris, look dimmer than ever.   Political uncertainty has crossed the Rhine,  said Jean Pisani-Ferry, an economist and academic who helped write Macron s election program.  Europe has gotten used to having a strong German government with clear positions. That is something we may not have for some time.  Germany now faces months of political limbo which will narrow an already tight window for agreeing reforms of euro zone governance and EU defense and asylum policies. Should Germany be forced to hold new elections, its partners may have to wait until next summer for a government to take form. By then, Europe will be entering crunch time in its Brexit negotiations with Britain, preparing for sensitive discussions on a long-term EU budget and gearing up for the election of a new European Parliament. Euro zone leaders were due to begin a six-month discussion on closer integration of their 19-nation currency bloc next month at a special summit in Brussels. Now that debate seems likely to be delayed and officials say the chances of reaching any conclusions by June 2018, as proposed by European Council President Donald Tusk, are slim.  Things will go on hold until there is a formal acting German government,  one euro zone official said.  At this stage I don t see what steps the leaders could take in December or June for deepening euro zone integration when there is a German government without a mandate.  Another casualty could be the completion of an EU pact on closer defense cooperation, known as PESCO.  Berlin and Paris had hoped to sign it into law at a regular EU summit next month. Now diplomats involved in EU foreign policy say that may be overly ambitious. Germany has also been a driving force behind EU efforts to reform its asylum policies in the wake of the 2015 refugee crisis. Those discussions, pitting countries like Italy and Greece against Poland and Hungary, were already bogged down. Without a new government in Berlin, there is next to no hope of a breakthrough.  We have so many things we need to do urgently that slowing us down is not good for Europe as a whole,  Frans Timmermans, a former Dutch foreign minister who is deputy head of the European Commission, told CNN.  He played down the risks, however, saying:  It might slow us down a little bit but I don t think it would take Europe off course, whatever happens.  Perhaps the only pressing issue which will not be significantly affected by the political uncertainty in Germany is Brexit, where there is a broad political consensus among German parties. That means that Merkel, who will remain in place in a caretaker capacity until a new coalition is formed, should have sufficient room to maneuver in talks that, in any case, are being led by the European Commission and its chief negotiator Michel Barnier. Still, hopes that the two political earthquakes of 2016   Britain s decision to leave the EU and the election of U.S. President Donald Trump   might shock European capitals into bold reforms, once elections in the Netherlands, France, Germany and Austria were out of the way, are fading. Even before the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) walked out of coalition negotiations with Merkel s conservatives and the Greens in the early hours of Monday, doubts were rising about whether she would have the flexibility to meet Macron halfway as head of an awkward three-way  Jamaica  alliance. Now that those talks have collapsed, she would appear to have three options: convince the Social Democrats (SPD) to enter another right-left  grand coalition ; form a minority government with the Greens or the FDP; or take the risk of new elections. So far the SPD leadership has shown no signs that it will go back on its pledge to go into opposition. On Monday, Merkel appeared to rule out a minority government. So unless something changes, a new election could be the only way forward. That would probably not take place before March or April, around the same time that Italy is due to hold elections which could also result in a hung parliament. Crucially, polls suggest that a new German election would not give Merkel more coalition options than she had coming out of the Sept. 24 vote. Indeed, if voters blamed her conservatives for failing to form a government the first time around, she could emerge even  weaker than she is now. That would be a further blow to German political stability and to Macron s European ambitions. ",1
14233,"Iran's Rouhani urges France to remain ""realistic, impartial"" in Middle East","BEIRUT/PARIS (Reuters) - France can play a productive role in the Middle East by taking a  realistic and impartial approach , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told his French counterpart, Emmanuel Macron, in a phone call on Tuesday, according to Iranian state media. Tensions between Iran and France increased last week after Macron said that Tehran should be less aggressive in the region and should clarify its ballistic missile program. His foreign minister also denounced Tehran s  hegemonic temptations  during a visit to Saudi Arabia.  Iranian state media said Rouhani told Macron that the Islamic Republic was ready to develop its relations with France on all bilateral, regional and international issues based on mutual respect and shared goals.  Rouhani referred to the  adventurism of some inexperienced princes in the region - an allusion to Iran s arch geopolitical rival, Saudi Arabia - and said France could play a positive role in easing the situation.  We are against adventurism and creating division in the region and believe that France, by keeping an independent vote and its position in the region, can, with a realistic and impartial approach, have a productive role,  he said. In a rare statement on both calls, Macron s office said he had talked to Rouhani and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu separately, telling them both that it was vital to keep Lebanon disassociated from regional crises.  He also said France was attached to the 2015 Iran nuclear deal with world powers, but that regional and ballistic issues should be discussed separately and constructively. Macron  also stressed the importance for the countries of the region to work collectively to reduce tensions,  the statement said. The foreign ministers of Saudi Arabia and other Arab states criticised Iran and its Lebanese Shi ite Muslim ally Hezbollah at talks in Cairo on Sunday, calling for a united front to counter Iranian influence. Rouhani also highlighted the importance of maintaining stability in Lebanon and, in the phone call with Macron, noted what he characterized as the threat posed by Israel.  Hezbollah are a part of the Lebanese people and are incredibly loved in this country. Their weapons are only defensive and are only for use in the face of a potential attack,  Rouhani said.  Now we have to try so the Lebanese groups can, with security, have a government that can help advance their country.  Macron, whose country has called for Hezbollah to disarm, has tried to mediate in a regional crisis that erupted after Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri announced his resignation in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia on Nov. 4, accusing Tehran and Hezbollah - which was part of his coalition government - of sowing strife across the Middle East. Macron spoke on Monday with Netanyahu, who is due in Paris in December, according to diplomatic sources. According to the Iranian state media, Macron invited Rouhani to Paris for a climate summit on Dec. 12. Macron s office did not respond when asked to confirm the invite. ",1
14234,U.S. says air strike kills over 100 militants in Somalia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military said it killed more than 100 Islamist militants in Somalia on Tuesday when it launched an air strike against al Shabaab, an al Qaeda-linked insurgent group that wants to topple the U.N.-backed government. The military s Africa Command said the strike was carried out on a camp 125 miles (201 km) northwest of the capital, Mogadishu and that the United States would continue to target militants.  The strike was done in coordination with Somalia s federal government, the Pentagon said. U.S. air strikes killing such a large number of militants in Somalia are rare, but not unprecedented. In March 2016, a U.S. air strike killed more than 150 al Shabaab fighters in Somalia. Somalia s state news agency SONNA reported late on Tuesday that  about 100 militants  were killed when U.S. planes and Somali commandos attacked al Shabaab bases in the Bur Elay area of Bay region.  Al Shabaab spokesman Abdiasis Abu Musab denied the attack.  It is just...propaganda,  he told Reuters in Somalia. Al Shabaab is fighting to topple Somalia s Western-backed transitional federal government and impose its own rule on the Horn of Africa country. Earlier this month, the U.S. warned of a threat to its diplomatic staff in Mogadishu and directed all non-essential staff to leave the capital. Al Shabaab has lost control of most of Somalia s cities and towns since it was pushed out of Mogadishu in 2011. But it retains a strong presence in parts of the south and center and carries out gun and bomb attacks.  Al-Shabaab has publicly committed to planning and conducting attacks against the U.S. and our partners in the region,  the U.S. military statement said. Al Shabaab aims to topple Somalia s government, drive out African Union peacekeeping troops and impose its own harsh interpretation of Islamic law. Earlier this month, the U.S. military also carried out its first strikes against Islamic State militants in Somalia and said it killed  several terrorists.      ",1
14235,"Exclusive: African leaders wanted Mugabe, an ""embarrassment"", to go - Zimbabwe intelligence","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - African leaders were embarrassed by Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and already encouraging him to step down before the army began moves last week to oust him, according to a secret Zimbabwean intelligence cable seen by Reuters. The cable, dated Oct 23 and written by someone within the Central Intelligence Organisation (CIO) to an unknown recipient, also says Mugabe spoke to South African President Jacob Zuma about his rivalry with Emmerson Mnangagwa, the vice president whose sacking by Mugabe prompted the army action. The 93-year-old president stepped down on Tuesday, the speaker of parliament said, in the middle of impeachment proceedings from his own ZANU-PF party and after a week of pressure from the military and crowds which thronged the capital at the weekend. Two party officials said Mnangagwa would take his place. The cable, one of a series seen by Reuters this year which give a detailed, insider s view of Zimbabwean politics, described intelligence officials warning Mugabe he would face  fierce resistance from the military  if Mnangagwa was removed. First seen by Reuters before the army intervened, it said the 16-country Southern African Development Community (SADC) led by Zuma was pressuring Mugabe to resign and Zuma had suggested offering him a senior African Union role to ease him out. Zuma s spokesman, Bongani Ngqulunga, dismissed the account as  completely untrue and scandalous .  President Jacob Zuma did not communicate with President Mugabe about former Vice-President Mnangagwa at all about the issues you mention.  Regional support allowed Mugabe to overcome an election setback in 2008 and could have held the key to his future as leader this time round. SADC leaders met on Tuesday to discuss the crisis in Zimbabwe; Zuma and his Angolan counterpart, Joao Lourenco, were set to travel to Harare on Wednesday.  All SADC leaders and African leaders want Mugabe to retire. Mugabe is seen as an embarrassment to the whole African continent,  the document said. A Zambian government source said Zuma, at the SADC meeting in Luanda, floated the idea of an AU position for Mugabe although the consensus was that he was too old. Reuters was not able to verify the assertion of widespread African opposition to Mugabe in the Oct 23 cable, which contrasts with his image as the respected  grand old man  of African politics. Botswana President Ian Khama is the only African leader to have openly called for him to step down. Khama told Reuters on Friday Mugabe should go and allow for  an opportunity to put Zimbabwe on a path to peace and prosperity . Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni, a longtime strongman leader like Mugabe, condemned the de facto seizure of power by the army, which put troops on the streets of Harare and took over the state broadcaster. Uganda, which is not in the SADC, reiterated its support for Mugabe on Tuesday.  Mugabe is one person who couldn t care what the West thought. He spoke out for Africans  rights, pan Africanism,  said Okello Oryem, Uganda s state minister for foreign affairs. SADC and the African Union (AU) have avoided characterizing last week s intervention by the military as a  coup , a definition that would carry diplomatic consequences. The AU had no immediate comment on the account in the cable. The cable said Zuma told Zimbabwe s longtime leader that Mnangagwa, a former security chief known as  The Crocodile , was a  tricky customer  with  many lives  and that by taking him on Mugabe was  playing with big fire . Mnangagwa is widely expected to take over as president. His whereabouts are unknown after he fled the country citing fears for his safety. His political allies were not immediately available for comment. The same cable said Zimbabwean intelligence officers and SADC leaders told Mugabe the army would not accept Mnangagwa being fired as vice-president to pave the way for Mugabe s 52-year-old wife, Grace, to succeed him.  Mugabe was openly told by senior CIOs that the military is not going to easily accept the appointment of Grace,  it read. The intelligence services of other countries in the region also knew the military might rebel and step in, it continued.  SADC leaders also shared the same sentiments with the CIOs,  the cable said. Reuters reported in September that Mnangagwa was plotting to succeed Mugabe, with army backing, at the helm of a broad coalition. (nL4N1LL3V1) The plot posited an interim unity government with international blessing to allow for Zimbabwe s re-engagement with the world after decades of isolation from global lenders and donors. ",1
14236,Mnangagwa will be sworn in as Zimbabwe president: ZANU-PF,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa will be sworn in as president on Wednesday or Thursday, ZANU-PF legal secretary Patrick Chinamasa told Reuters, after the resignation of Robert Mugabe. Separately, ZANU-PF chief whip Lovemore Matuke told Reuters that Mnangagwa would be sworn in within 48 hours and that he would serve the remainder of Mugabe s term until the next general elections, which must be held by September 2018. ",1
14237,Suicide bomber kills 50 in Nigeria in mosque attack,"YOLA, Nigeria (Reuters) - A suicide bomber killed at least 50 people in northeastern Nigeria on Tuesday in an attack on a mosque which bore the hallmarks of a faction of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram. The bombing in Mubi in Adamawa state was one of the deadliest in Nigeria s northeast since President Muhammadu Buhari came to power in 2015 pledging to end Boko Haram s eight-year insurgency and attacks by the group on civilian and military targets. It brought to at least 278 the number of people killed in 2017, according to calculations by Reuters. There was no claim of responsibility.  Some of the dead were in pieces beyond recognition,  said Bayi Muhammad, a worshipper who escaped the blast because he was late for early morning prayers. Abubakar Othman, a police spokesman in Adamawa state, said the death toll was at least 50, but added that the tally could rise. Eight people were critically injured and more than 30 others hurt but in stable condition, said Idris Garga, the northeast regional coordinator for Nigeria s national emergency agency. Boko Haram held territory in Adamawa state in 2014. Troops pushed them out in early 2015, and the town of Mubi had itself been relatively peaceful until Tuesday s bombing. In a statement on Tuesday, Nigeria s president said the attack was  very cruel  and gave assurances his government would do  everything required  to secure the state from Boko Haram.  The militant group often mounts suicide attacks in public places such as mosques and markets. Last December, two schoolgirl suicide bombers killed 56 people and wounded dozens more at a market in Adamawa. The mosque blast bears the hallmarks of a faction led by Abubakar Shekau, which forces women and girls to carry out suicide bombings. The attacks often leave only the bomber dead. Boko Haram has waged an insurgency in northeastern Nigeria since 2009 in its attempt to create an Islamic state in the region. It has killed more than 20,000 and forced around 2 million people to flee their homes.  The group split in 2016 and the faction under Shekau is based in the Sambisa forest on the border with Cameroon and Chad and mainly targets civilians with suicide bombers. The other faction is based in the Lake Chad region and led by Abu Musab al-Barnawi. It mainly attacks military forces after quietly building up its strength over the past year. Most attacks focus on Borno state, the birthplace of the insurgency. The group held land around the size of Belgium in Borno, Adamawa and Yobe states until early 2015 but was forced out by Nigeria s army and troops from neighboring countries. ",1
14238,Iran's president declares end of Islamic State,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani declared the end of Islamic State on Tuesday while a senior military commander thanked the  thousands of martyrs  killed in operations organised by Iran to defeat the militant group in Syria and Iraq.   Today with God s guidance and the resistance of people in the region we can say that this evil has either been lifted from the head of the people or has been reduced,  Rouhani said in an address broadcast live on state TV.   Of course the remnants will continue but the foundation and roots have been destroyed.   Major General Qassem Soleimani, a senior commander of the elite Revolutionary Guards, also said Islamic State had been defeated, in a message sent on Tuesday to Iran s supreme leader which was published on the Guards  news site, Sepah News.  Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei congratulated Soleimani on the defeat of Islamic State and said it was a blow against Israel, America and its allies, an allusion to Saudi Arabia.  It was a blow against the past and current governments of America and the regimes linked to it in the region who created this group and gave them every kind of support so they could expand their malevolent power in west Asia,  Khamenei said in a statement published on his official website.   In June Islamic State carried out its first attack in Iran, killing 18 people in Tehran, testing the government s belief that by backing offensives against the group elsewhere in the region it could keep the militant group away from Iran. Iranian media have often carried video and pictures of Soleimani, who commands the Quds Force, the branch of the Guards responsible for operations outside Iran, at frontline positions in battles against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. The Revolutionary Guards, a powerful military force which also oversees an economic empire worth billions of dollars, has been fighting in support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and the central government in Baghdad for several years. More than 1,000 members of the Guards, including senior commanders, have been killed in Syria and Iraq. The Syrian conflict has entered a new phase with the capture at the weekend by government forces and their allies of Albu Kamal, the last significant town in Syria held by Islamic State, where Soleimani was pictured by Iranian media last week. Iraqi forces captured the border town of Rawa, the last remaining town there under Islamic State control, on Friday, signaling the collapse of the so-called caliphate it proclaimed in 2014 across vast swathes of Iraqi and Syrian territory.   Most of the forces battling Islamic State in Syria and Iraq have said they expect it to go underground and turn to a guerrilla insurgency using sleeper cells and bombings.         In his address on Tuesday, Rouhani accused the United States and Israel of supporting Islamic State. He also criticized Arab powers in the region and asked why they had not spoken out about civilian deaths in Yemen s conflict.  The foreign ministers of Saudi Arabia and other Arab states criticized Iran and its Lebanese Shi ite ally Hezbollah at an emergency meeting in Cairo on Sunday, calling for a united front to counter Iranian interference. Soleimani acknowledged the multinational force Iran has helped organize in the fight against Islamic State and thanked the  thousands of martyrs and wounded Iranian, Iraqi, Syrian, Afghan and Pakistani defenders of the shrine . He pointed to the  decisive role  played by Hezbollah and the group s leader Seyed Hassan Nasrallah and highlighted the thousands of Iraqi Shi ite volunteers, known as the Popular Mobilisation Forces, who have fought Islamic State in Iraq. On websites linked to the Guards, members of the organization killed in Syria and Iraq are praised as protectors of Shi ite holy sites and labeled  defenders of the shrine . Rouhani is scheduled to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin and Turkish leader Tayyip Erdogan in Russia on Wednesday to discuss the Syria conflict. The Revolutionary Guards initially kept quiet about their military role in both Syria and Iraq but have become more outspoken about it as casualties have mounted. They frame their engagement as an existential struggle against the Sunni Muslim fighters of Islamic State, who see Shi ites, the majority of Iran s population, as apostates. Last month, U.S. President Donald Trump gave the U.S. Treasury Department authority to impose economic sanctions on Guards members in response to what Washington calls its efforts to destabilize and undermine its opponents in the Middle East. ",1
14239,"France's Macron tells Iran, Israel leaders of need to preserve Lebanon's stability","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron told the leaders of Iran and Israel in separate telephone calls that it was vital to keep Lebanon disassociated from regional crisis and urged all countries in the region to work collectively to reduce tensions. Macron s office also said in a statement that he had told Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that France was attached to the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, but that regional subjects and ballistic missile programmers should be discussed separately.    ",1
14240,Russian businessman Kerimov detained by French police in Nice: prosecutor's office,"PARIS (Reuters) - Senior Russian lawmaker and businessman Suleiman Kerimov was arrested by French police at Nice airport on Monday night in connection with a tax evasion case, an official at a French prosecutor s office said on Tuesday.  He is being held for questioning in a case related to laundering of tax fraud proceeds,  an official at the prosecutor s office said. Kerimov is ranked by Forbes magazine as Russia s 21st wealthiest businessman, with a net worth of $6.3 billion.     ",1
14241,China urges Thailand to find Muslim Uighurs quickly after dramatic cell break,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Tuesday it has urged Thailand to  quickly bring to justice  20 ethnic Uighur Muslims from China who broke out of a Thai detention center through a hole in the wall, using blankets to climb to the ground. Twenty-five Uighurs dug through their cell wall with broken tiles to make their dramatic escape from the center in Thailand s southern Songkhla province, near the border with Malaysia, early on Monday.  As of Tuesday, 10 had been caught, leaving 15 whose whereabouts were still unknown, according to Thai police, who said checkpoints had been set up along the border. The escapees were part of the last remaining group of more than 200 Uighurs detained in Thailand in 2014.  Members of the group identified themselves as Turkish citizens and asked to be sent to Turkey but more than 100 were forcibly returned to China in July 2015, a move that sparked international condemnation, including from rights groups who feared they could face torture in China. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China would continue to strengthen cooperation with Thailand on the detainees  escape and closely follow the situation.   China has already urged the relevant Thai department to quickly bring the relevant people to justice,  he said at a regular news briefing. Over the years, hundreds, possibly thousands, of Turkic-language speaking Uighurs have escaped unrest in China s western region of Xinjiang by traveling clandestinely via Southeast Asia to Turkey. The Chinese government has blamed violence in Xinjiang between majority Han Chinese and Uighurs on separatist Islamist militants, though rights groups and exiles say that anger over strict Chinese controls on the religion and culture of Uighurs is to blame. Exiled ethnic Uighur leader Rebiya Kadeer called on Thailand and any country that may find the Uighurs to treat them according to international law and not hand them over to China.  The Uyghurs took the risk of capture and perhaps harsh repercussions to try to save themselves from indefinite detention in Thailand and from deportation to China,  Kadeer said in an email released by the World Uyghur Congress, which she heads.  [Whether they] are indeed Turkish nationals as they claim or Chinese nationals as China claims, the fact that they are ethnic Uyghur is enough for them to face persecution and harsh punishment,  she said. Kadeer is a former political prisoner in China accused of leaking state secrets in 1999. She was later allowed to leave on medical grounds and lives in the United States. Amnesty International has said that Chinese authorities in recent months have detained up to 30 of Kadeer s relatives. China routinely denies accusations of rights abuses in Xinjiang, though it has admitted a problem with torture of detainees and has pledged to stop mistreatment of prisoners. On the borders of Central Asia, Afghanistan and Pakistan, the region is one of China s most sensitive domestic issues, and the government has dramatically ramped up police operations there and set up what critics characterize as  re-education  camps and oppressive surveillance.  ",1
14242,Russia moves to shelter banks funding arms makers from sanctions,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has proposed ending the publication of the names of banks which finance Russian state-controlled arms producers, in a possible sign that Moscow is preparing for new U.S. sanctions. The draft law would, if adopted, mean the Russian central bank no longer has to publish a list of banks dealing with the arms industry, which included eight lenders as of Oct. 1. Russia s government and the president would be able to include any banks they wanted to in such deals and would no longer publish the criteria for their involvement. Under current regulations only state-controlled or central bank-controlled lenders with capital of not less then 100 billion rubles ($1.7 billion) may get such contracts. Russian President Vladimir Putin chaired a meeting on Tuesday to discuss building up the country s military. The U.S. State Department last month named 39 Russian defense and intelligence-related entities following the signing in August of a new sanctions law by President Donald Trump to punish Moscow after U.S. intelligence agencies concluded it meddled in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, allegations the Kremlin has repeatedly denied.  The U.S. law calls on the president to impose sanctions on anyone he identifies as having engaged  in a significant transaction with a person that is part of, or operates for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sectors  of the Russian government.. The action does not itself impose new sanctions, and determinations will be made on a case by case basis, State Department officials said in October. Banks on the list include state-controlled majors Sberbank, VTB and Russian Agriculture Bank, along with private-owned Rossiya and Gazprombank, in which gas producer Gazprom holds a stake. Sberbank has proposed establishing a special bank to finance Russia s military industry as a means of side-stepping the sanctions, three sources familiar with the talks told Reuters. Sberbank declined to comment. ",1
14243,"Germany, citing own history, urges work to bridge Gulf divisions","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel offered his Qatari counterpart a small piece of the Berlin Wall on Tuesday, saying Germany s post-war history was proof it was possible to overcome deep divisions such as those now plaguing the Gulf region. Gabriel said Germany had a keen interest in maintaining good relations with all the Gulf countries and working for peace in the region, even if those countries were sometimes in conflict.  Especially in politically troubled times in which dialogue has sometimes slipped into the background, it is all the more important to build bridges, to emphasize the things that unite us and to help remove walls,  Gabriel said at the opening of a new Qatar-funded Arabic cultural center in Berlin. Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al Thani said he hoped the new center, erected in a neo-classical villa in the southern part of Berlin, could showcase Arab culture and help battle stereotypes of Arabs in Europe. Sheikh Mohammed last week blamed what he called  reckless leadership  in the Gulf for a rift with Qatar and the current crisis in Lebanon, taking apparent aim at Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt this summer cut diplomatic, transport and trade ties with Qatar, accusing it of financing terrorism. Doha denies the charges. Gabriel did not refer to the Gulf dispute directly, but lauded Germany s World War Two enemies for building bridges and welcoming Germany back into the world community despite the devastation and horrors of the Nazi regime.  After 70 years, we saw that it s possible, even after a world war, to be partners in a first step and friends in a second,  he said.  Tearing down walls is exhausting but worth it.  Gabriel said a full segment of the Wall that once divided East and West Germany would be delivered to a museum in Doha, fulfilling a promise he had made to the sister of Qatar s ruler.  Because as a politician, particularly in these days in Germany, we ought to fulfill our promises,  he said.   That is a hot topic in my country at the moment.  Gabriel, a former leader of the Social Democrats (SPD), declined to comment further on Chancellor Angela Merkel s failure to forge a new coalition government with the pro-business Free Democrats and environmental Greens. Merkel is pressing the SPD to reconsider its refusal to join another  grand coalition  with the conservatives - a move that would stave off new elections that now loom.     ",1
14244,"Trump and Putin speak for an hour about Syria, Ukraine, North Korea","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke on the phone for about an hour on Tuesday and covered topics including Syria, Ukraine, Iran, North Korea and Afghanistan, a White House official said.    ",1
14245,Zimbabwe civil society calls for post-Mugabe 'national dialogue',"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s Platform for Concerned Citizens, a civil society group, called on Tuesday for a far-reaching national dialogue involving all political parties to help plot a new course for the country after the resignation of Robert Mugabe.  A National Transitional Authority must be the final outcome of a national dialogue,  the PCC said in a statement.  We have informed both the government and the military of our view.  ",1
14246,U.S. appeals court revives claims in $1.7 billion Iran terrorism lawsuit,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A federal appeals court in New York on Tuesday revived part of a $1.68 billion lawsuit against Iran s central bank, Bank Markazi, by families of soldiers killed in the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Lebanon. By a 3-0 vote, the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said a lower court judge erred in dismissing claims against Markazi; Banca UBAE SpA, an Italian bank accused of engaging in transactions for Iran; and Clearstream Banking SA, a Luxembourg bank accused of opening accounts for Markazi and UBAE. It upheld the dismissal of claims against JPMorgan Chase & Co. The plaintiffs sought to recoup bond proceeds allegedly owned by Markazi and held by Clearstream, to partially satisfy $3.8 billion of judgments they had won against Iran after a federal court deemed them victims of state-sponsored terrorism. They accused the banks of fraudulently processing billions of dollars of bond proceeds owed to Markazi, and targeted cash held in a Clearstream account at JPMorgan in New York. Iran is one of several countries and organizations ordered by U.S. courts to pay damages to terrorism victims. Such orders are often difficult to enforce. Lawyers for the plaintiffs and banks did not immediately respond to requests for comment. U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest had dismissed the case in February 2015. She said she lacked jurisdiction over Markazi assets located abroad, the plaintiffs had released claims against Clearstream and UBAE, and nothing was left in the Clearstream account for JPMorgan to  turn over.  In Tuesday s 72-page decision, Circuit Judge Robert Sack said Forrest reasonably assumed she lacked jurisdiction because the main assets in dispute had been recorded on Clearstream s books in Luxembourg. But he said recent court rulings interpreting the federal Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act permitted courts in New York  to exercise jurisdiction  to recall to New York extraterritorial assets owned by a foreign sovereign.  Sack ordered Forrest to decide whether she has personal jurisdiction over Clearstream, and whether state or federal law prevents the plaintiffs from recovering bond proceeds. In April 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court said in a separate case that Markazi must pay nearly $2 billion, which had been frozen, to terrorism victims, and Congress had not exceeded its authority by passing a law making it easier to recover damages. The 1983 attack, in Beirut, killed 241 U.S. service members. The case is Peterson et al v Islamic Republic of Iran et al, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 15-0690. ",1
14247,Truck bomb in northern Iraq kills at least 23,"KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - At least 23 people were killed and 60 wounded when a suicide bomber set off a truck bomb near a crowded marketplace in the northern Iraqi town of Tuz Khurmatu, police and medical sources said on Tuesday. An interior ministry spokesman said a  violent explosion  took place near a vegetable market in the town, south of Kirkuk, but did not immediately provide casualty figures. Military authorities said 17 were killed and 36 injured, according to a statement. Most of the casualties were civilians, the police and medical sources told Reuters. The death toll was expected to rise because many of the wounded were in critical condition. The bombing took place in a mainly Shi ite Turkmen area. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack. Suicide bombings are a trademark of Islamic State, and Iraqi security officials have said the group was likely to wage an insurgency after its self-proclaimed caliphate collapsed and its militants were dislodged from territories they held in the country. ",1
14248,British PM May says Mugabe's resignation gives Zimbabwe a chance to be free,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday Robert Mugabe s resignation gave Zimbabwe the chance to forge a new path, free from oppression.  The resignation of Robert Mugabe provides Zimbabwe with an opportunity to forge a new path free of the oppression that characterized his rule,  May said.   In recent days, we have seen the desire of the Zimbabwean people for free and fair elections and the opportunity to rebuild the country s economy under a legitimate government.  May added in a statement that Britain, as  Zimbabwe s oldest friend , would do all it could to support the country.  ",1
14249,Iraq to declare final victory over Islamic State after desert campaign,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Tuesday Islamic State had been defeated from a military perspective but he would only declare final victory after IS militants were routed in the desert. Iraqi forces on Friday captured the border town of Rawa, the last remaining town under Islamic State control, signaling the collapse of the group s  caliphate  proclaimed after it overran much of Iraq s north and west in 2014. Securing desert and border areas is what remains in the campaign against Islamic State, military commanders say.  From a military perspective, we have ended the presence of Daesh in Iraq,  Abadi said while addressing a weekly news conference, referring to Islamic State by an Arabic acronym.  God willing we will announce very soon after the end of the purification operations victory over Daesh in Iraq.  Abadi s comments came as Iranian President Hassan Rouhani declared the end of Islamic State while a senior Iranian military commander thanked the  thousands of martyrs  killed in operations organized by Iran to defeat the militant group in Syria and Iraq. Political disagreements will pave the way for the Sunni militant group to carry out attacks, however, Abadi said. He was referring to the central Baghdad government s dispute with the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government over the latter s declaration of independence following a Sept. 25 referendum.  Any disagreement between political factions will encourage Daesh to carry out terrorist attacks,  he said.  I call on our Kurdish brothers to avoid fighting.  Hours before Abadi spoke, at least 23 people were killed and 60 wounded when a suicide bomber set off a truck bomb near a crowded marketplace in the northern Iraqi town of Tuz Khurmatu, south of the oil city of Kirkuk. Abadi praised a federal court verdict that ruled the Kurdish referendum unconstitutional and called on Kurds not to resort to violence. Iraq s Supreme Federal Court ruled on Monday that the referendum was unconstitutional and the results void, bolstering Baghdad s hand in a stand-off with the Kurdish region watched closely by neighbouring Turkey and Iran.  I hail the federal court s decision to void the Kurdish region s referendum,  he said. Kurds voted overwhelmingly to break away from Iraq in the referendum, defying Baghdad and alarming neighboring Turkey and Iran who have their own Kurdish minorities. The Iraqi government responded to the referendum by seizing Kurdish-held Kirkuk and other territory disputed between the Kurds and the central government. It also banned direct flights to Kurdistan and demanded control over border crossings. ",1
14250,"Mugabe: Zimbabwe's liberator and, for many, its oppressor","HARARE (Reuters) - When he came to power, Zimbabwe s Robert Mugabe was feted as an African liberation hero in a nation that had endured nearly a century of white colonial rule. Nearly four decades after the country s independence from Britain in 1980, he was regarded by many as an autocrat, willing to unleash death squads, rig elections and trash the economy in the relentless pursuit of power. The 93-year-old resigned as president on Tuesday, ending 37 years of rule. He had clung on for a week after an army takeover and expulsion from his ZANU-PF party, but quit after parliament began an impeachment process against him. Educated and urbane, Mugabe took power after seven years of a liberation bush war and is the only leader Zimbabwe, formerly Rhodesia, has known since independence from Britain in 1980.  The army seized power last week after Mugabe sacked ZANU-PF s favorite to succeed him, Vice-president Emmerson Mnangagwa, to smooth a path to the presidency for his wife Grace, 52, known to her critics as  Gucci Grace  for her reputed fondness for luxury shopping.  It s the end of a very painful and sad chapter in the history of a young nation, in which a dictator, as he became old, surrendered his court to a gang of thieves around his wife,  Chris Mutsvangwa, leader of Zimbabwe s influential liberation war veterans, told Reuters after the army takeover. Born on a Catholic mission near Harare, Mugabe was educated by Jesuit priests and worked as a primary school teacher before going to South Africa s University of Fort Hare, then a breeding ground for African nationalism.  Returning to Rhodesia in 1960, he entered politics but was jailed for a decade four years later for opposing white rule. After his release, he rose to the top of the powerful Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army, known as the  thinking man s guerrilla  on account of his seven degrees, three of them earned behind bars. Later, as he crushed his political enemies, he boasted of another qualification -  a degree in violence . After the long bush war ended, Mugabe was elected as the nation s first black prime minister. Initially, he offered reconciliation to old adversaries as he presided over a booming economy.  But it was not long before Mugabe began to suppress challengers such as liberation war rival Joshua Nkomo. Faced with a revolt in the mid-1980s in the western province of Matabeleland which he blamed on Nkomo, Mugabe sent in North Korean-trained army units, provoking an international outcry over alleged atrocities against civilians. Human rights groups say 20,000 people died, most from Nkomo s Ndebele tribe. The discovery of mass graves prompted accusations of genocide against Mugabe. After two terms as prime minister, Mugabe changed the constitution and was elected president in 1990, shortly before the death of his first wife, Sally, seen by many as the only person capable of restraining him. When, at the end of the century, he lost a constitutional referendum followed by a groundswell of black anger at the slow pace of land reform, his response was uncompromising. As gangs of black people calling themselves war veterans invaded white-owned farms, Mugabe said it was a correction of colonial injustices.  Perhaps we made a mistake by not finishing the war in the trenches,  he said in 2000.  If the settlers had been defeated through the barrel of a gun, perhaps we would not be having the same problems.  The farm seizures helped ruin one of Africa s most dynamic economies, with a collapse in agricultural foreign exchange earnings unleashing hyperinflation. The economy shrank by more than a third from 2000 to 2008, sending unemployment above 80 percent. Several million Zimbabweans fled, mostly to South Africa. An unapologetic Mugabe portrayed himself as a radical African nationalist competing against racist and imperialist forces in Washington and London. Britain once likened him to Adolf Hitler but Mugabe did not mind, saying the Nazi leader had wanted justice, sovereignty and independence for his people:  If that is Hitler, then let me be a Hitler ten-fold.  The country hit rock bottom in 2008, when 500 billion percent inflation drove people to support the challenge of Western-backed former union leader Morgan Tsvangirai. Facing defeat in a presidential run-off, Mugabe resorted to violence, forcing Tsvangirai to withdraw after scores of his supporters were killed by ZANU-PF thugs. An increasingly worried South Africa squeezed the pair into a fractious unity coalition but the compromise belied Mugabe s de facto grip on power through his continued control of the army, police and secret service. As old age crept in and rumors of cancer intensified, his animosity towards Tsvangirai eased, with the two men enjoying weekly meetings over tea and scones, a quirky nod to Mugabe s affection for British tradition if not authority. On the eve of the 2013 election, Mugabe dismissed cries of autocracy and likened dealing with Tsvangirai to sparring in the ring.  Although we boxed each other, it s not as hostile as before,  he said.  It s all over now. We can shake hands.  At the same time, Mugabe s agents were finalizing plans to engineer an election victory through manipulation of the voters  roll, the Tsvangirai camp said. The subsequent landslide was typical of a man who could always out-fight and out-think opponents.  To give the devil his due, he is a brilliant tactician,  former U.S. ambassador Christopher Dell wrote in a cable released by WikiLeaks. ",1
14251,Zimbabweans take to Johannesburg streets to celebrate Mugabe resignation,JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Zimbabweans took to the streets of the Yeoville and Hillbrow districts of the South African city of Johannesburg on Tuesday to celebrate news of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe s resignation. Around 3 million Zimbabweans have emigrated from their home country to South Africa in search of work following Zimbabwe s economic collapse. ,1
14252,Members of Libyan parliament signal backing for U.N. transition proposals,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Libya s eastern-based parliament voted on Tuesday to approve some U.N. proposals aimed at unifying the divided North African nation, although major obstacles remain for a deal to stabilize the oil producer. The U.N. launched a new round of talks in September to end years of turmoil in Libya following a 2011 NATO-backed uprising and unite the rival governments and parliaments in Tripoli and the east. Choosing the members of the presidency and the government, and settling the question of military leadership are seen as the biggest hurdles to any deal. Only a minority of members of the House of Representatives in Benghazi took part in Tuesday s vote, so it is unclear to what extent it will advance the latest push for a political deal. Opposition in the House had been a key obstacle to previous U.N. peace efforts. A rival assembly in Tripoli is also meant to approve the proposals. The U.N. talks were suspended in October, but the organization has been working behind the scenes. Its envoy Ghassan Salame said last week that delegations from rival assemblies were  close to a consensus . On Tuesday, a majority of about 75 members of the House present approved U.N. proposals regarding the broader structure of a future government, said Fathi al-Marimi, an adviser to House speaker Agila Saleh. An unspecified number were flown in by Saleh on a private plane, he said. The House session had originally been planned for Monday but was postponed when a U.N. flight carrying some deputies based in western Libya was prevented from landing. The U.N. proposals are aimed at relaunching a deal signed in December 2015, which produced a U.N.-backed government in Tripoli that has struggled to assert its authority and never been accepted by factions that control the east of the country. Salame said last week that he was planning to hold a national conference in February to agree how to finalize a transition, and that the U.N. was working to establish the right conditions for holding new elections. ",1
14253,Arm found near Copenhagen could relate to submarine case: Danish police,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - An unidentified arm found by divers in the water near Copenhagen could belong to Swedish journalist Kim Wall who died after taking a submarine ride with the vessel s Danish inventor in August, Danish police said on Tuesday. The arm was found near the route that had been investigated in connection with the submarine case, the police said in a statement. The limb would be examined by coroners on Wednesday.   We have not yet determined if this is a right or left arm or who the arm belongs to. But we are working from a perspective that it stems from the submarine case,  police spokesman Jens Moller Jensen said.  Wall, a freelance journalist who was researching a story on submarine owner Peter Madsen, went missing after he took her out to sea in the 17-metre (56-foot) submarine in August. On Aug. 23, police identified a headless female torso that washed ashore in Copenhagen as that of Wall. In October, police said they had recovered her head and legs. Madsen admitted to dismembering Wall on board his submarine and dumping her body parts in the sea, but he still denies murdering her and a charge of sexual assault without intercourse. The trial has been set to take place in Copenhagen next March. ",1
14254,Lebanon army chief warns of Israel threat amid political crisis,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s army chief told his soldiers on Tuesday to be extra vigilant to prevent unrest during political turmoil after the prime minister quit, and accused Israel of  aggressive  intentions at the southern frontier. Troops should be ready to  thwart any attempt to exploit the current circumstances for stirring strife,  the army s Twitter account quoted General Joseph Aoun as saying ahead of Independence Day celebrations on Wednesday.  The exceptional political situation that Lebanon is going through requires you to exercise the highest levels of awareness.  Aoun called on troops to  assume full readiness at the southern border to face the threats of the Israeli enemy, its violations, and the aggressive intentions it is indicating towards Lebanon.  A senior Israeli official dismissed the warnings of border aggression as  nonsense . Lebanon was thrust back onto the forefront of regional rivalry between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran, after its prime minister quit this month in a broadcast from Riyadh.      In his shock resignation, Saad al-Hariri railed against the Iran-backed Shi ite military and political movement Hezbollah,  which both Saudi Arabia and Israel consider an enemy. The Lebanese president has refused to accept Hariri s resignation until he returns to Lebanon.  The Saudis have demanded that Hezbollah stop meddling in regional conflicts and say it must disarm. Hezbollah has long said it must keep its arsenal to protect Lebanon from Israel, and its leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah accused the Saudis this month of inciting Israel to attack Lebanon. He said he could not rule out a new clash with Israel, although he described it as unlikely. In a televised speech on Monday, Nasrallah suggested the Saudis and Israelis were working together.  Tensions grew earlier this year between Israel and Hezbollah, which fought a month-long war in 2006 that killed around 1,200 people in Lebanon, mostly civilians, and 160 Israelis, most of them troops.  Israeli Energy Minister Yuval Steinmetz said this week that Israel has had covert contacts with Riyadh amid common concerns over Iran, a rare disclosure by a senior official from either country of long-rumored secret dealings. But Israel dismissed claims that it is planning military action against Hezbollah at the behest of Saudi Arabia.  We are not interested in an escalation with Lebanon,  Israeli Education Minister Naftali Bennett, a member of the security cabinet, told Reuters about the accusation of Israeli-Saudi collusion.  However, Bennett added:  If rockets are fired from Lebanon at Israeli cities, then we will see that as a declaration of war by the state of Lebanon and will act with all our might.  In Israel, where the 2006 war was widely seen as inconclusive, there is little in the public mood or political discourse to suggest fighting with Hezbollah is imminent. But Israeli officials have voiced deep concern about Iran and Hezbollah s expanding influence in the region.  The Saudis and Israel definitely have common interests today,  including the threat from Iran, Israeli Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked said in a radio interview last week.  The countries  coming together could serve both of them.   But, Shaked said,  we don t work for anyone. We first and foremost look out for our interests.  ",1
14255,"Yemen Houthis say Sanaa airport repaired, ready to receive flights: agency","ADEN (Reuters) - Yemen s Sanaa airport, damaged in an air strike by a Saudi-led coalition last week, has been repaired and is ready to receive international flights, the Houthi-led government which runs the capital city said on Tuesday. The Nov. 14 raid destroyed radio navigation equipment at the airport and in effect put the facility out of service. The attack happened after the coalition banned naval, air and land transportation to Yemen following a missile fired by the Houthis that was shot down over the Saudi capital Riyadh. The transport minister in the Houthi-run government, Zakariya al-Shami, said that technical civil aviation teams had completed implementation of technical alternatives necessary to restore services to the airport .  It is ready to receive international flights,  Shami said, according to Houthi-controlled news agency Saba. The airport had been mainly used by international relief agencies, including U.N. staff, using United Nations flights to Sanaa. The coalition has said that all Yemeni land crossings, air and sea ports would remain closed until assurances are made that no weapons can reach the Houthis. The coalition accuses Iran of smuggling weapons, including the missile fired towards Riyadh airport on Nov. 4, to the Houthis through Yemeni ports controlled by the group. Iran denies sending any weapons to the Houthis. The closure of Yemen s ports, including the main Hodeidah port where most of the country s food supplies enter, has raised alarm around the world. The European Union on Tuesday urged the Saudi-led coalition to reopen Yemen s ports and airports.  While fully recognizing the serious security threat incoming from Yemen, it is our firm belief that hindering vital humanitarian access to the Yemeni population that is already on the brink of famine and subject to a spreading cholera outbreak will not effectively address these security concerns,  EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said. ",1
14256,Iraq to resume payments of Gulf War reparations to Kuwait: U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations said on Tuesday it had accepted a proposal from Iraq to pay 0.5 percent of its 2018 oil proceeds toward compensation for $4.6 billion owed to Kuwait for destruction of its oil facilities during the 1990-91 Gulf War occupation. Payments from the fund, which were suspended since October 2014 due to security and budgetary challenges faced by Iraq, will escalate annually until the end of 2021, the U.N. Compensation Commission (UNCC) said in a statement, adding that Kuwait had accepted the proposal.  Based on oil price and export projections, this would result in payment in full of the outstanding claim award,  it said, referring to the claim by the Kuwait Petroleum Corporation, the largest approved by the Geneva-based UNCC. ",1
14257,Resignation letter of Zimbabwe's Mugabe doesn't mention who he leaves in charge,HARARE (Reuters) - The resignation letter written by Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe that was read out by the speaker of the country s parliament made no mention of who he was leaving in charge of the country. The speaker added that he was working on legal issues to make sure a new leader was in place by the end of Wednesday. ,1
14258,Zimbabweans pour onto Harare streets in jubilation after Mugabe resigns,"HARARE (Reuters) - Thousands of Zimbabweans poured onto the streets of Harare after President Robert Mugabe resigned on Tuesday, and cars were hooting in the streets. Some people were holding posters of Zimbabwean army chief Constantino Chiwenga and former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa, whose sacking this month triggered the military takeover that forced Mugabe to resign. ",1
14259,Northern Ireland parties downbeat on talks as May calls for progress,"LONDON (Reuters) - Northern Ireland s main political parties pointed on Tuesday to fresh obstacles to restoring a devolved power-sharing government in the British region after meeting Prime Minister Theresa May, who urged them to resume talks next week. The province has been without a regional government for almost a year, destabilizing the delicate balance between Irish nationalists and pro-British unionists that has already been shaken by Britain s vote to leave the European Union. The latest efforts at breaking the stalemate in Belfast collapsed this month, prompting Britain to begin setting a budget for the province, a major step toward imposing direct rule from London for the first time in a decade. The head of the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) Arlene Foster accused Irish nationalist rival Sinn Fein - the former political wing of the Irish Republican Army - of the  glorification of terrorism  in a party conference last weekend.  Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams in turn accused May of  acting in bad faith  by including a potential statute of limitations covering crimes by British forces in a planned consultation on new laws to deal with the legacy of Northern Ireland s 30 years of sectarian violence. May struck a more positive tone, saying the issues dividing the parties were relatively few and that she believed an agreement could be reached. In Dublin, Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said that if an administration could not be formed, he would seek a meeting in the New Year of the British Irish Intergovernmental Conference, a joint decision making body recognizing the Irish government s special interest in Northern Ireland that last met a decade ago.    Analysts have said a fresh round of talks is unlikely to be even contemplated until after both parties  annual conferences, culminating with the DUP s meeting on Saturday. The DUP has said it was upset by prolonged cheering at Sinn Fein s annual conference at the weekend after MP Elisha McCallion spoke of former Northern Ireland Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness  pride in his role in the IRA.  The IRA killed hundreds in its campaign against British rule before a ceasefire in 1994. Around 3,600 died on all sides in the conflict, fought over whether Northern Ireland should be part of the United Kingdom or Ireland, before it ended with a 1998 peace agreement.  It was quite disgraceful to look at the glorification that happened at the weekend of the IRA and terrorism and of course that makes it more difficult for us,  Foster, whose father narrowly escaped alive from an IRA shooting, told reporters. Foster, who warned ahead of the talks that further steps toward direct rule looked inevitable unless there is a change of direction, said her party remained committed to devolution. ",1
14260,Turkey charges three Bulgarians with migrant smuggling,"SOFIA (Reuters) - Turkey has charged three Bulgarians with illegal migrant trafficking and assisting a criminal organization, the Bulgarian foreign ministry said on Tuesday. The three were detained on Friday and held in custody in the northwestern Turkish city of Edirne pending investigations, a ministry statement said  Last week the Bulgarian authorities smashed a gang suspected of smuggling migrants into Western Europe. Eight people, including two Pakistanis, were charged with smuggling offences after they transported migrants, mainly Pakistanis, Afghans and Iraqis, from Turkey into Romania and then on to Hungary and Austria. Bulgaria has built a fence on its border with its Balkan neighbor Turkey and has bolstered its border controls to prevent inflows of illegal migrants. ",1
14261,Macron scores diplomatic coup on Lebanon but balancing act under test,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron s initiative in bringing Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri to Paris puts France at the center of a power struggle between Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran and will test a policy of neutrality that critics doubt can be sustained.  While the move eased regional tensions that spiked after the prime minister s resignation on Nov. 4, it also exposed the difficulty of Macron s stated position of taking no sides in the Middle East.  Macron has put his neck out on Lebanon,  said a European diplomat who didn t want to be named talking about an ally s policies.  It s a bit like his moment of truth.  Hariri, a Saudi ally, arrived in France on Saturday days after announcing his resignation while in Riyadh, accusing Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah of creating strife. Many Lebanese believe the Saudis made him quit. President Michel Aoun has not accepted the resignation and Hariri is expected to return to Beirut on Wednesday, when Lebanon celebrates the end of France s colonial mandate in 1943. Macron s maneuver, which came after a visit to Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and a flurry of calls, appears to have taken the foreign ministry by surprise, an example of his penchant for bypassing state organs to show he s in charge, much like former leader Nicolas Sarkozy.  So far it s a symbolic victory for French diplomacy that has enabled a reduction in tensions,  said Stephane Malsagne, a lecturer at Sciences Po University in Paris, adding it was a  risky gamble  that could antagonize all sides.  Macron set out his foreign policy objectives for the region in his first speech to the diplomatic corps in August, saying he wanted France to maintain a balanced position.  We will achieve our goal of fighting terrorism only if we do not make the mistake that would impose a choice between Shi ites and Sunnis, and in a sense, force us to lock ourselves in one camp,  he said at the time. Some French diplomats say Macron will find it difficult to appease everyone, however.  Lebanon maintains a delicate sectarian balance after Sunnis, Shi ites, Christians and Druze fought a civil war between 1975 and 1990, with factions often backed by regional rivals. Hariri is Sunni Muslim and President Aoun, a political ally of Hezbollah, is Christian. Hariri s government, a power-sharing coalition formed last year, includes Shi ite Hezbollah.  This mediation is an introduction for a new French political role in Lebanon ... (and) a French attempt to find a foothold starting from Lebanon into the region,  said a senior Lebanese official, speaking on condition of anonymity.  But in the shadow of big players (U.S., Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia) in the region, the French will face difficulties.   Since Hariri announced his resignation, Saudi Arabia has accused Lebanon of declaring war on it, citing Hezbollah s role in fighting in other Arab countries.     France has a long history of commercial, political and social links with Iran that even saw Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomenei exiled near Paris in 1979, but it was arguably the most demanding of the six powers negotiating the 2015 nuclear accord. Under Presidents Sarkozy and Francois Hollande, who aligned themselves with Qatar and Saudi Arabia, respectively, there was a hawkish shift toward Tehran. Since the deal, Paris has been quick to restore trade ties, with planemaker Airbus, oil major Total and automobile manufacturers Peugeot and Renault all signing deals. That rapprochement annoyed Riyadh, which has been moving closer to the United States under President Donald Trump.  We had to reassure the Saudis ... and rebalance things. Prince Salman has gone into overdrive and that s dangerous for  everyone so he needs some love from us,  said one French diplomat, who asked not to be identified.  Tehran is now chafing in turn over France s warming Saudi ties and what appears to be a good relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who is due in Paris on Dec. 10 for the second time since Macron took office in May. Recent rhetoric has reflected the tensions. At a news conference on Friday, Macron said Iran should clarify what is going on with its ballistic missile program which  seems to be uncontrolled . That followed a news conference in Riyadh on Thursday at which Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian denounced Tehran s  hegemonic temptations . On Saturday Ali Akbar Velayati, a senior adviser to Iran s supreme leader, told Macron to stay out of its affairs. Le Drian has pushed back a planned visit to Tehran and talk that Macron may visit next year has become more muted.   Speaking to all sides is noble, but this policy in the region will come tumbling down if Le Drian and Macron do not go to Tehran. Our credibility depends on it,  said a second French diplomat. Some hardline politicians in Iran have criticized President Hassan Rouhani for trying to strengthen ties with Paris, saying Europeans will not endanger their interests in the face of U.S. pressure. A senior Iranian official said Macron s policy of  balance  ultimately just offered mixed signals.  He talks about curbing Iran s defensive missile work and criticizes Iran s regional policy and then he wants to build closer ties?  the official said.   France should clearly announce which side Paris is taking.... we like to expand our relations but Paris sends mixed signals and cannot be trusted.  ",1
14262,U.S. charges two with bribing African officials for China energy firm,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has charged a former Senegalese foreign minister and a former top Hong Kong government official with links to a Chinese energy conglomerate with bribing high-level officials in Chad and Uganda in exchange for contracts for the mainland company. Chi Ping Patrick Ho, 68, of Hong Kong, and Cheikh Gadio, 61, were charged with violating the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, international money laundering and conspiracy, the U.S. Justice Department said in a statement on Monday.  It said Gadio, a former foreign minister of Senegal, was arrested in New York on Friday. It added that Ho, a former Hong Kong home affairs secretary who heads a non-governmental organization based in Hong Kong and Virginia, was arrested on Saturday.  Wiring almost a million dollars through New York s banking system in furtherance of their corrupt schemes, the defendants allegedly sought to generate business through bribes paid to the president of Chad and the Ugandan foreign minister,  Joon Kim, acting U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, was quoted as saying in the statement. No one could be reached at the embassies of Chad and Uganda in Washington late on Monday. The missions did not immediately respond to emails requesting comment. In a statement, the U.S. Justice Department said the case against Ho involved two bribery schemes to pay high-level officials of Chad and Uganda in exchange for business advantages for a Shanghai-headquartered, multibillion-dollar energy firm. This energy company funded a non-government organization (NGO) based in Hong Kong and Virginia that Ho heads, the statement said, without naming the Shanghai company or the NGO.  Ho is the secretary general of the Hong Kong-based China Energy Fund Committee, a mainland-backed think-tank that describes itself as a charitable, non-government organization.  China Energy Fund Committee is fully funded by CEFC China Energy, a Shanghai-based private conglomerate, according to the think tank s website. The organization did not respond to an email requesting comment. CEFC China Energy said in a statement posted on its website late on Tuesday that:  As a non-governmental, non-profit organization, the fund is not involved in the commercial activities of CEFC China Energy.  CEFC does not have any investment in Uganda, the company said in the statement, and its investment in Chad had been acquired via a stake bought from Taiwan s state-owned Chinese Petroleum Corp and it had not dealt directly with the Chad government.  The company will continue monitoring this matter and will take necessary measures based on developments,  it said. CEFC has been a key player in Chinese President Xi Jinping s Belt and Road initiative, which aims to bolster China s global leadership ambitions by building infrastructure and trade links between Asia, Africa, Europe and beyond. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told a regular news briefing Tuesday that he was not aware of the specific details of the case.  I want to emphasize that the Chinese government consistently requires Chinese companies abroad to operate lawfully and abide by local laws and regulations.   Idriss Deby has been Chad s president since 1990. Ugandan Foreign Minister Sam Kutesa served as the president of the U.N. General Assembly in 2014 and 2015. Ho s attorney, Ed Kim, of Krieger Kim & Lewin LLP, declined to comment to Reuters. Bob Baum of Federal Defenders, who represented Gadio for the bail argument, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Ho was ordered detained after appearing in court on Monday, the Justice Department statement said. It said Gadio appeared before a judge on Saturday and is being held until he can meet the conditions of a $1 million bond, according to court records. The Justice Department said a $2 million bribe was paid to Chad s president, who then provided the company with an opportunity to obtain oil rights in Chad without international competition. The department said in the statement that Gadio was the go-between and was paid $400,000 by Ho via wire transfers through New York. The Justice Department accused Ho of being involved with bribes and promises of future benefits to Uganda s foreign minister in exchange for help in obtaining business advantages for the Chinese company.        ",1
14263,"After U.N. veto, Russia moves against chemical weapons watchdog","THE HAGUE (Reuters) - After blocking U.N. Security Council action against Syria, Russia has proposed changing the rules for inspectors at the world s chemical weapons body in The Hague, a move Western diplomats and experts said would undermine its work. It is the latest confrontation between Russia, a close ally and military backer of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and the West over an international inquiry established to determine who is behind ongoing chemical attacks in Syria s civil war. It came as Russian President Vladimir Putin hosted Assad late on Monday for talks aimed at ending a conflict that has now raged for nearly seven years. [L8N1NR3VO] At the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), a draft Russian-Iranian decision circulated among the 41 members of the body s executive council, a copy of which was obtained by Reuters, sought to overturn procedures on how  OPCW inspectors work and how their findings are shared. The proposal was to be discussed by the OPCW s decision-making executive council, which was meeting on Tuesday, but had little chance of obtaining sufficient support to pass. Russia s ambassador to the OPCW, Alexander Shulgin, said in an interview that Moscow remained committed to the OPCW and efforts to prosecute perpetrators of attacks. But Russia is  not convinced by some of the findings implicating the Syrian government,  he said, defending the effort to change the mandate. He also questioned the decision not to send OPCW inspectors to Khan Sheikhoun, where nearly 100 people were killed with sarin on April 4,  based on the pretext of the security conditions . The head of the OPCW said at the time the team was not deployed to Khan Sheikhoun due to genuine security risks   they were ambushed and shot at during investigations in 2013 and 2014. The team confirmed sarin poisoning by testing the blood of victims across the border in Turkey. The Russian draft says the OPCW should withhold  findings that are not based on the results of on-site investigations , but experts said this was an attempt to scupper the investigations.  (Russia s) supreme goal is to compromise the ability of the (OPCW) fact-finding mission to do its job professionally and without political interference,  said Gregory Koblentz, a non-proliferation expert at George Mason University, in the U.S. state of Virginia.  This draft resolution has to be seen as part of a Russian strategy to undermine all international investigations into the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government,  he said. Last Friday, Moscow blocked a proposal to extend the mandate of a joint investigation by the United Nations and the OPCW, saying it was seriously flawed. Under a 2013 U.S.-Russian deal, Assad agreed to hand over his toxic stockpile following a sarin attack in a Damascus suburb. Dozens of countries helped to remove and destroy the lethal chemicals, but attacks have continued. Investigators have already concluded that Syrian government forces were behind later attacks with nerve-agent sarin and chlorine barrel bombs, while Islamic State militants had used sulfur mustard gas. Syria denied using chemical weapons. Sweden and Uruguay are pushing for the U.N. Security Council to revive an international inquiry, but without the support of Russia, which holds a veto, there can be no further U.N.-backed inquiries. ",1
14264,Somaliland picks ruling party's candidate as new president,"BOSASSO (Reuters) - Musa Bihi Abdi of the ruling Kulmiye party was declared the winner of Somaliland s presidential election on Tuesday, by the election commission of the breakaway region. Situated at the northern tip of east Africa on the Gulf of Aden - one of the busiest trade routes in the world - Somaliland broke away from Somalia in 1991 and has been relatively peaceful since. The region of 4 million people has not been internationally recognized but it has recently drawn in sizeable investments from the Gulf. In the election, Abdi won just over 55 percent of the vote, while opposition leader Abdirahman Iro took nearly 41 percent, election commission chairman Iman Warsame said. Turnout was 80 percent. In a debate before last week s vote, Abdi pledged to boost women s participation in politics and introduce compulsory national service for high school and university graduates. There was no immediate comment from Iro, whose opposition party Waddani had accused Kulmiye of vote-rigging although it has not given evidence. A U.K. government-funded international observer mission said the poll  preserved the integrity of the electoral process  and concluded irregularities were limited and did not undermine the vote. The former British protectorate broke away from Somalia in 1991 following a bloody civil war. The poll had originally been scheduled for 2015 but was delayed by political spats and severe drought. Analysts say the region enjoys strong ties with neighboring Ethiopia and Djibouti as well as its growing investment from the Gulf. Earlier this year the government agreed to let the United Arab Emirates establish a military base in its port of Berbera. That came after Dubai s DP World last year signed a 30-year concession to develop the same port that will require an investment of $440 million. The company is pouring further funds into a project connecting the port to landlocked Ethiopia. This month DP World said it would also develop an economic zone in the region. [L5N1NC3CC] ",1
14265,"In movie-style heist, Kenya robbers tunnel into bank opposite police station","NAIROBI (Reuters) - In a heist reminiscent of a Hollywood movie, Kenyan robbers spent months tunneling into the bowels of a bank located opposite a police station and stole the equivalent of half a million dollars, police said on Tuesday. Police said they had arrested two men and one woman over the robbery but had not recovered the 50 million Kenyan shillings, reported missing by staff at the branch of Kenya Commercial Bank (KCB) on Monday when they showed up to work.  We have not recovered the stolen money,  said Simba Willy, sub-county police commander in the town of Thika, northeast of Nairobi, where the heist took place.  We suspect the robbers hired one of the shops near the bank (while digging their tunnel),  Willy told Reuters. The robbers were able to remove the earth during their months-long excavations without arousing suspicion by concealing it in boxes, the Daily Nation newspaper quoted local traders as saying. The traders described the two young men who had rented the store as  very hardworking  and  introverts . KCB, which is the region s biggest bank by assets, confirmed the break-in on Twitter.  But the Kenyans have competition for the title of most ingenious robbery. Last month Brazilian police foiled a plot to rob a Sao Paulo bank after discovering a 500-metre underground tunnel kitted out with lighting and ventilation systems.     ",1
14266,"UK Brexit minister says EU agreement likely, but UK ready for no deal","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Brexit minister David Davis said on Tuesday that reaching a deal with the European Union was the most likely outcome of talks, but added that the British government was prepared for no agreement with the bloc.  Reaching a deal with the European Union is not only far and away the most likely outcome, it s also the best outcome for our country,  Davis said in a speech in London.   I don t think it would be in the interest for either side for there to be no deal. But as a responsible government it is right that we make every plan for every eventuality.  Both sides have spoken of their frustration at a lack of progress in negotiations so far, although Davis said talks had made real and tangible progress. Britain wants to move discussions on to the future trade relationship with the EU which Brussels will not consider until London settles what it sees as past debts. While Davis said he was  unambiguously  seeking a deal, he said Britain was ready for talks to fail.  Over the past year every department across Whitehall has been working at pace covering the whole range of scenarios,  he said.  These plans have been well developed, have been designed to provide the flexibility to respond to a negotiated agreement, as well as preparing us for the chance that we leave without a deal.    ",1
14267,"Turkey has not seen data on fugitive Raqqa fighters, officials say","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey has not been given crucial data to help identify Islamic State militants who fled their former stronghold in Raqqa last month and may have slipped out of Syria to threaten Turkish or Western targets, Turkish officials said. Hundreds of Islamic State members and their families were allowed to leave Raqqa by Kurdish and Arab forces who captured the city in mid-October, spokesmen for the fighters and the U.S.-led alliance which supports them said. The coalition fighting Islamic State in Syria and Iraq said last month that biometric information including fingerprints was taken from the militants before their convoy left Raqqa, so they would be known  if they resurface in the future . But two senior Turkish security officials told Reuters they had not seen any such data which would identify fighters from Raqqa among the hundreds of Islamic State suspects rounded up in security sweeps in Turkish cities over the last two weeks.  If the United States or the coalition received information about Islamic State members who were withdrawn from Raqqa and is not sharing it with Turkey, how will we fight against terrorism together?  one official said.  We didn t receive any biometric data in this office,  another security official said. A third government official said he believed the biometric data had not been shared with Turkey. Ankara has bitterly criticized the deal to allow militants to leave Raqqa, saying it suspects some fighters have been smuggled across Syria s northern border into Turkey and could pose an international threat.  These Islamic State members, released with their weapons, will cause deaths of innocent people in Europe, the United States, all over the world, especially in Turkey,  Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said last week. His comments reflect long-running tensions with Washington over its support for the Kurdish YPG militia which spearheaded the fight to seize Raqqa from Islamic State, as well as Turkey s complaints at what it says is limited security cooperation. Turkey sees the YPG as an extension of the outlawed Kurdish Workers Party (PKK) which has waged an insurgency in the south of the country since the 1980s, and says weapons supplied by the United States will fall under PKK control. Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said last week that the Raqqa deal showed the YPG was more interested in gaining territory for a Kurdish state in Syria than defeating Islamic State. Syrian Kurdish leaders say they are not seeking secession.  They are in close cooperation with Daesh (Islamic State) there,  Cavusoglu said.  These organizations appear to be fighting when it suits them.  The coalition said around 250 fighters, accompanied by 3,000 people it described as human shields, left Raqqa on Oct. 15 under the deal reached by Arab tribal leaders and a local civil council. In a statement to Reuters, it said a coalition leader had attended talks where the deal was reached but was not an active participant, and it  explicitly disagreed with letting armed ISIS (Islamic State) terrorists leave Raqqa .  The coalition said screening of the departing fighters was carried out by Kurdish YPG-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) who took Raqqa, and the Raqqa Civil Council. It referred questions about the biometric data gleaned from the tests to those two bodies. As far as it was aware  none of the terrorists who departed Raqqa with the convoy on Oct. 15, 2017 were able to legally or illegally gain entry to Turkey,  the coalition said, without saying whether it had been able to track them. SDF spokesman Mostafa Bali said all the fighters who were allowed to leave Raqqa were in SDF detention. He did not say whether the biometric data had been shared. But another Turkish official said Ankara suspected - based on interrogations of captured suspects - that some militants from Raqqa had managed to smuggle themselves across the border, despite increased security at crossings.  We believe some of the captured Islamic State militants may be from those that left Raqqa,  he said.  Since they came in with their families, we get this (information) from their families . There was no specific intelligence of a threat to Turkey or Europe at the moment, he added, but an attack could take place at any time.  We have brought measures to counter this to their highest level,  he said. Exchange of information with Europe and the United States was continuing, despite any political differences, he added. France, where militants killed 130 people in coordinated strikes across Paris in November 2015, said last week the threat of an attack was no greater than over the last two years and security services were either arresting or monitoring Islamist militants who returned from Syria and Iraq. ",1
14268,Denmark to ramp up cyber security efforts: defense minister,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark intends to invest to boost efforts to prevent cyber attacks in a strategy to be presented early next year, its defense minister said on Tuesday.  We are going to spend more money in this area,  Claus Hjort Frederiksen told Reuters on the sidelines of a conference in Copenhagen, though he declined to disclose a figure. Cyber security is  very high on the agenda  for the right-leaning government, but also for the broad selection of Danish political parties negotiating a new defense strategy for the coming six years, he said. The government would like to expand an early warning system with sensors that detects when Danish companies or authorities are under attack from, for example, malware.  To some degree we do have a system today, but we would like to expand it to the strategic infrastructure and to private companies,  he told Reuters. The government also wants to increase the preventive capacity at the Danish center for cyber security to increase its ability to better catch and inform about imminent cyber threats, he said. World s no.1 container shipper and one of Denmark s largest companies Maersk was hit by major cyber attack in June, one of the biggest-ever disruptions to hit global shipping.  The government also works for a deeper cooperation between authorities and private companies in battling cyber attacks, Frederiksen said. He said he believed companies were sometimes reluctant to inform they had been hit by cyber attacks, because they were afraid to scare off customers or investors.  Frederiksen said he saw the overall cyber threat as  one of the greatest threats of our time .  If you can undermine our democratic nations by hacking the energy systems or the communication systems or the financial systems it will undermine our own people s belief in our societies  ability to protect them,  he said. Russia hacked the Danish defense network and gained access to employees  emails in 2015 and 2016, Frederiksen said in April. Danish troops will get training in how to deal with Russian misinformation before being sent to join a NATO military build-up in Estonia in January, Frederiksen said in July. ",1
14269,Iraq relocates hundreds of foreign wives and children of suspected Islamic State militants to Baghdad,"ERBIL/BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi authorities have moved hundreds of foreign wives and children of suspected Islamic State militants from a detention center in northern Iraq to Baghdad, citing security concerns and the difficulties of keeping them in a remote location.  Local officials, security and aid agency sources said more than 800 women and children   mostly from Turkey, Europe and former Soviet states   had been moved to a secure detention facility in Baghdad.   Around 700 more are still being held at the facility in the northern town of Tal Keif, said Mohammed al-Bayati, the head of Mosul s provincial council security and defense committee. Most of the women and children have been in detention since Aug. 30, when more than 1,300 surrendered to Kurdish Peshmerga after government forces expelled the jihadist group from Tal Afar, one of its last remaining strongholds in Iraq.  Their numbers have swelled as more foreign nationals have surrendered or been captured, said Sara al-Zawqari, the spokesperson for the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) in Iraq. Security forces have continued operations to rout the militants from their last remaining pockets of control in Western Anbar. Iraqi authorities began moving the families several days ago, Bayati said, adding that the government intends to move all the foreign detainees to Baghdad within the next few days.  The move to the capital coincides with a push by Iraqi officials to begin legal proceedings to determine the fate of these women and children and end their prolonged detention, local officials and aid agency sources said.  The government should find a way of deciding their future and what to do with them,  said Abdul Rahman al-Wagga, a local councillor in Mosul where many of the women and children lived under the Islamic State s self-proclaimed caliphate.  These foreign women and children have the right to a fair trial,  said Zawqari, whose ICRC was the only aid group granted consistent access to the families in Tal Keif and has provided them with humanitarian services.  If they need to be repatriated, all parties involved should also ensure they have these rights and are treated with respect and dignity.  In September, aid agencies said they were  gravely concerned  about the fate of the families, after the initial 1,300 were relocated without warning to Tal Keif from the transit site south of Mosul where they had initially been kept. ",1
14270,"Still battling for independence, Lebanon to mark national day","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon marks its independence on Wednesday with its sovereignty as compromised as ever by the agendas of foreign states that have shaped its history since the French mandate ended in 1943. The crisis ignited by Saad al-Hariri s sudden resignation  as prime minister is unprecedented even by the standards of a country where loyalties have been split between countries such as Iran and Saudi Arabia regionally and the United States, France and Russia globally. Hariri is due back in Lebanon on Wednesday for the first time since his resignation in a televised broadcast from Riyadh. Many believe Saudi Arabia made him quit and held him in Riyadh because he was not serving its objectives. Riyadh denies this. He will take part in independence day celebrations in Beirut after an intervention by Lebanon s former colonial power France led to him leaving Saudi Arabia for Paris last week.  Can Lebanese people act the way they want? Are they free to take a decision and follow it? No they cannot. Because there are foreign powers who decide the way things go,  said Antoine Mouawad, a 65-year old charity employee.  We do not feel independent,  said George al-Basha, 58, an unemployed barber in Beirut s Achrafiyeh district.  For some Lebanese, the latest chapter in their turbulent history carries echoes of its independence in 1943, when France arrested the president and prime minister. International pressure and popular protests eventually forced their release. The parallel with Hariri s situation was drawn by one of Lebanon s major TV stations at the start of the crisis. Foreign states have often regarded tiny Lebanon as a theater for their rivalry, exploiting the fissures between Muslim and Christian sects who have also courted foreign intervention to help them in their struggles with each other.  For years it was the tussle between Israel, which occupied southern Lebanon from 1982-2000, and Syria, which maintained a big military presence across much of the country from 1976-2005, that played out on Lebanese soil. The Palestine Liberation Organisation also controlled much of the country prior to 1982. Reflecting today s biggest Middle East rivalry, it is competition between Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran that lies behind many accusations of foreign meddling. Critics of the heavily armed Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah view it as a tool of Iranian policy. Opponents of Hariri, who was thrust into politics by the 2005 assassination of his father, Rafik, have similarly labeled him as an instrument of Saudi policy. But the demand for his return has united Lebanese across the political spectrum. Politicians close to Hariri say Riyadh held him against his will and forced his resignation to bust a coalition government that suited Hezbollah.  Posters of Hariri demanding his return to Lebanon, even in areas dominated by his biggest political opponents, reflect widely felt anger at the perceived foreign intervention.       The most important thing in a country like Lebanon is to understand that independence is a battle that does not stop,  Interior Minister Nohad Machnouk, a member of Hariri s Future Movement, said on Tuesday as he laid a wreath on Rafik Hariri s grave.     Saad al-Hariri has also denied being held by Saudi Arabia, and in his resignation speech instead blamed Iran and Hezbollah for Lebanon s present difficulties.  Wednesday s independence parade will be held near the central Martyrs Square, where reconstruction from Lebanon s 1975-90 civil war continues. In the nearby seaport are moored naval vessels belonging to the U.N. peacekeeping force UNIFIL which was established after Israeli s first invasion in 1978, and expanded after the 2006 war between Israel and Hezbollah.  What we have seen in the last 10 days or two weeks, this is really crude intervention,  said Sami Atallah of the Lebanese Centre for Policy Studies, a thinktank in Beirut.  When you have a prime minister who resigns in a capital not his own, it tells you that someone else is giving the orders.  Syria s military presence in Lebanon was brought to an end in 2005 by a wave of popular protests and international pressure following the Hariri assassination. A U.N.-backed court has charged five Hezbollah members over the killing. The group denies any role.  Lebanon is tied either to Saudi Arabia or to Iran. It doesn t have the ability to take actions by itself and politicians are to blame for this,  said Nohad Chelhot, a retired business owner. ",1
14271,Russia says retreat of Syrian opposition figures good for peace,"MOSCOW/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Russia said on Tuesday that the resignation of  radically minded  Syrian opposition figures such as Riyad Hijab would help unite the disparate opponents of President Bashar al-Assad around a more  realistic  platform. Hijab, a former Syrian prime minister, stepped down on Monday as head of the High Negotiations Committee (HNC) which was formed nearly two years ago with Saudi backing to bring together political and armed opponents of Assad.  The retreat of radically minded opposition figures from playing the main role will make it possible to unite this motley opposition   internal and external   on a more reasonable, realistic and constructive platform,  Russia s Rossiya 24 state television showed Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov saying at a news briefing.  We will support the efforts made by Saudi Arabia in this respect.  After intervening decisively in Syria s war in 2015 to support Assad, Russia now hopes to build on the collapse of militant group Islamic State to revive a political process to end the more than six-year-old war. Hijab is one of up to 10 HNC members who have quit the opposition umbrella group, including Riyad Naasan Agha, who told Reuters its work had now been  brought to an end . Agha said the HNC, which has insisted on Assad s removal from power at the start of a political transition, had been marginalized ahead of a conference of the Syrian opposition which Saudi Arabia is due to host this week.  The  expanded  conference aims to forge a united position ahead of a new round of U.N.-backed peace talks toward ending the conflict that erupted in 2011. But Yahya al-Aridi, an HNC member who will be taking part in the Riyadh conference, said:  The HNC is not finished ... it is a technical group with a particular function to carry out, which is negotiations.    There are other Syrians who are still committed to the rights of Syrian people for freedom and liberty,  Aridi said.   Hijab did not spell out his reasons for stepping down in a statement on Monday night. The Syrian opposition has long been weakened by ideological and political divisions, exacerbated by ties to regional states with competing agendas such as Qatar and Saudi Arabia   countries that have been at loggerheads since June. In a telephone interview with Reuters, Agha said HNC members including Hijab and himself had not been invited to the Nov. 22-24 conference, and  in practical terms its work has been brought to an end . Agha said he did not know who had taken the decision to marginalize the HNC but would not blame the Saudi hosts.  Russia is behind overturning the scales of the opposition to be in the interest of Assad and not against him,  he said. ",1
14272,"Putin, Trump to discuss North Korea on Tuesday: IFX cites Kremlin aide","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump will discuss North Korea when they hold a telephone conversation on Tuesday, Interfax news agency cited Kremlin aide Yuri Ushakov as saying. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said earlier on Tuesday that the conversation would focus on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s visit to Russia which he made on Monday. ",1
14273,Tunisia PM will go ahead with painful policy despite opposition,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Tunisia will continue with a package of painful economic policies, Prime Minister Youssef Chahed said on Tuesday, despite resistance from labor unions and business associations to changes that will raise taxes and put thousands out of work. The North African country is under pressure from the International Monetary Fund to speed up policy changes and help its economy recover from militant attacks in 2015 that hurt its vital tourism industry. Tunisia plans to raise value-added and other taxes and lay off about 10,000 government workers as part of the 2018 budget to cut its budget deficit. The government has also proposed a 1 percent social security tax on employees and companies. A federation of company owners, UTICA, has rejected that proposal and is threatening to shut down companies.  We will seek consensus with all, but we go ahead with reforms needed to revive the economy and will not retreat,  Chahed told parliament at the start of the budget debate. Chahed also wants to freeze public-sector hiring, but the powerful union UGTT said it will not accept that, because branches such as education and health needed recruitments.  Beware the anger of the Tunisian UGTT if the situation continues and if the rest of the parties refuse to share sacrifice,  UGTT head Nourredine Taboubi said. Tunisia has been praised for its democratic progress after a 2011 uprising that toppled President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali. But successive governments have failed to make the changes needed to trim deficits and create growth. Under the 2018 budget, the deficit will fall to 4.9 percent of gross domestic product in 2018, from about 6 percent expected in 2017. Tunisia hopes to raise GDP to about 3 percent next year against 2.3 percent this year. ",1
14274,Lack of German government puts euro zone integration plans on hold,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The collapse of talks on a new German government means that the euro zone s ambitious plans for deeper economic integration could be put on hold, euro zone officials said on Tuesday. German government coalition talks collapsed on Sunday night as the liberal FDP party pulled out after weeks of  exploratory  talks, plunging the euro zone s most important economy into political uncertainty and raising the prospect of new elections. Euro zone leaders are to set a direction for deeper euro zone economic integration at a summit in the middle of December, at which Germany s input is crucial.  As long as Germany does not have a clear position, it will by default not agree to anything. Therefore, delay is the most likely option,  one senior euro zone official involved in the euro zone integration talks said. The summit is to launch six months of work that would lead  decisions in June 2018 on whether or not the single currency area should have a budget, a finance minister and a euro zone assembly in the European Parliament. The deeper integration push, championed by French President Emmanuel Macron, also includes the transformation of the euro zone bailout fund into a European Monetary Fund and the creation of a sovereign insolvency mechanism.  Things will go on hold until there is a formal acting German government,  a second euro zone official said.  At this stage I don t see what steps the leaders could take in December or June for deepening euro zone integration when there is a German government without a mandate,  he said. Some officials said that a potential delay in the euro zone integration talks was not a big issue because they concerned the future architecture of the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU), now encompassing 19 countries.  There is nothing that makes new decisions on the EMU especially urgent, so I don t believe this to be a real problem,  a third senior euro zone official said.  The June deadline can always be moved, if need be,  the official said. But others noted the initial timing of the talks was to make use of a  window of opportunity  in 2018, when no major euro zone countries, except Italy, or EU institutions had to face elections and were therefore free to focus on euro zone reforms. If the talks were delayed, decisions on key issues, often sensitive politically, could be pushed back toward 2019   a year of elections to the European Parliament, the formation of a new European Commission and choosing new heads of the European Central Bank and the chairman of EU leaders. An official involved in preparations for the December summit said it would go ahead as planned.  National elections happening all the time, all over Europe, are no reason to stop our work,  the official said. But others said they expected the mandate that leaders would give to the Commission for further work on euro zone integration would probably be weaker than it would have otherwise been if no German government is in place by then. ",1
14275,U.S. Congress members decry 'ethnic cleansing' in Myanmar; Suu Kyi doubts allegations,"YANGON/NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - Members of the U.S. Congress said on Tuesday operations carried out against the Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar had  all the hallmarks  of ethnic cleansing, while the country s leader Aung San Suu Kyi expressed doubts about allegations of rights abuses. The U.S. Senate members also said they were disturbed by a  violent and disproportionate  security response to Rohingya militant attacks that have driven more than 600,000 people from Myanmar to neighbouring Bangladesh. Human rights monitors have accused Myanmar s military of atrocities, including mass rape, against the stateless Rohingya during so-called clearance operations following insurgent attacks on 30 police posts and an army base. Myanmar s government has denied most of the claims, and the army last week said its own probe found no evidence of wrongdoing by troops.  We are not hearing of any violations going on at the moment,  Suu Kyi told reporters in response to a question about human rights abuses at the end of the Asia-Europe Meeting, or ASEM, in Myanmar s capital Naypyitaw.  We can t say whether it has happened or not. As a responsibility of the government, we have to make sure that it won t happen.  Nobel laureate Suu Kyi said she hoped talks with Bangladesh s foreign minister this week would lead to a deal on the  safe and voluntary return  of those who have fled. Suu Kyi s less than two-year old civilian government has faced heavy international criticism for its response to the crisis, though it has no control over the generals it has to share power with under Myanmar s transition to power after decades of military rule. While a top UN official has described the military s actions as a textbook case of  ethnic cleansing , U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on a visit to Myanmar last week refused to label it as such. In early November, U.S. lawmakers proposed targeted sanctions and travel restrictions on Myanmar military officials. Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley, who was among the sponsors of the legislation introduced in the Senate, led a congressional delegation that visited Rakhine this week, but was blocked from traveling to the violence-hit north of the state and to Rohingya camps. The group also traveled to Cox s Bazar district in Bangladesh, where Rohingya refugees are huddled into makeshift camps and fed by overstretched aid agencies.  Many refugees have suffered direct attacks including loved ones, children and husbands being killed in front of them, wives and daughters being raped, burns and other horrific injuries. This has all the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing,  Merkley told reporters in Myanmar on Tuesday.  We are profoundly disturbed by the violent and disproportionate response against the Rohingya by the military and local groups,  he said. The delegation called for Myanmar to allow an investigation into the alleged atrocities that would involve the international community.  We want to emphasize that the world is watching,  Merkley said, adding that it was important Myanmar allow anyone who wants to come back to return to their homes and their farms. Merkley said the delegation was  not here today to recommend what the U.S. government would do or should do,  when asked about the legislation introduced in the Congress. Myanmar officials have so far said they plan to resettle most returnees in new  model villages , rather than on the land they previously occupied, an approach the United Nations has criticized in the past as effectively creating permanent camps.  Individuals cannot be coming back simply to return to camps where there would be continued discrimination, restrictions on full participation in the economy and society,  said Merkley. He warned that isolating people in camps creates a  two-tier society that is fundamentally incompatible with the future of democracy and it guarantees perpetuation of suspicions and misunderstandings and conflicts.  Speaking earlier on Tuesday, Suu Kyi said discussions would be held with the Bangladesh foreign minister on Wednesday and Thursday about repatriation. Officials from both countries began talks last month on how to process the Rohingya wanting to return.  We hope that this would result in an MOU signed quickly, which would enable us to start the safe and voluntarily return of all of those who have gone across the border,  Suu Kyi said. The Rohingya are largely stateless and many people in Myanmar view them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. Suu Kyi said Myanmar would follow the framework of an  agreement reached in the 1990s to cover the earlier repatriation of Rohingya, who had fled to Bangladesh to escape previous bouts of ethnic violence. That agreement did not address the citizenship status of Rohingya, and Bangladesh has been pressing for a repatriation process that provided Rohingya with more safeguards this time.  It s on the basis of residency...this was agreed by the two governments long time ago with success, so this will be formula we will continue to follow,  Suu Kyi said. Earlier talks between the two countries reached a broad agreement to work out a repatriation deal, but a senior Myanmar official later accused Bangladesh of dragging its feet in order to secure funding from aid agencies for hosting the refugees. ",1
14276,Zimbabwe parliament has received motion to remove Mugabe: Speaker,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s parliament has received a motion to impeach President Robert Mugabe after the army seized power last week, Speaker Jacob Mudenda said on Tuesday. Mudenda said parliament would adjourn to a hotel to start the impeachment proceedings against the 93-year-old president, who defied his party s Monday noon deadline to resign. Zimbabwean law says a joint sitting can take place anywhere. ",1
14277,French truckers jam border crossings over cut-price competition,"PARIS (Reuters) - French truck drivers blocked traffic at border crossings with Spain, Italy and Belgium on Tuesday in protest over cut-price competition in the road-freight industry. French truckers are angry that an agreement reached by EU member states on Oct. 23 to limit the amount of time workers can be  posted  from one EU country to another does not cover the road transport sector. [L8N1MY3RF] As a result, French truckers face being priced out by drivers from other EU member states, especially east Europe, Spain and Portugal, who are willing to do fixed-term work for lower pay than French drivers might normally receive.  Widening gaps in pay and conditions endanger French firms and workers,  said Pascal Favre, a member of the Force Ouvriere labor union who was among truckers protesting in southwest France, near the border with Spain.  (There are) those who work for lower pay because they spend more time behind the wheel on jobs the French do not do because of unfair competition.  The  posted workers  issue effectively pits wealthier EU countries against poorer peers like Poland and Bulgaria, whose skilled workers are keen to move around the EU on fixed-term contracts, earning more than they would do at home but often undercutting workers in the host country. The number of workers posted to France from other EU countries rose 23.8 percent to 354,151 in 2016, after a similar jump the preceding year, according to a government count cited by the business newspaper Les Echos on Tuesday. Emmanuel Macron made the issue part of his presidential campaign, saying he would fight to protect workers from unfair competition. While he managed to forge agreement among the EU s 28 states for some adjustments to the rules, transportation workers were not included. About 200 French truckers took part in the protest at the northern border crossing into Rekkem in Belgium, waving cars through but halting trucks, a local police official said. Traffic on the main motorway from the French city of Lille to the Belgian city of Ghent was disrupted by another trucker protest in the region for a few hours early in the day. Traffic through the Frejus tunnel to Italy in the southeast was similarly disrupted, as were some crossings with Spain. It wasn t immediately clear how great the economic impact of the protests would be, although they were not expected to continue beyond Tuesday. ",1
14278,Famine survey warns of thousands dying daily in Yemen if ports stay closed,"GENEVA (Reuters) - A U.S.-funded famine survey said on Tuesday that thousands of Yemenis could die daily if a Saudi-led military coalition does not lift its blockade on the country s key ports. The warning came a day after the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said 2.5 million people in Yemen s crowded cities had no access to clean water, raising the risk that a cholera epidemic will spread. Using the internationally recognized IPC 5-point scale for classifying food security, the Famine Early Warning Systems Network (FEWS NET) said that even before the current blockade, 15 million people were in  crisis  (IPC Phase 3) or worse.  Therefore, a prolonged closure of key ports risks an unprecedented deterioration in food security to Famine (IPC Phase 5) across large areas of the country,  it said.  It said famine is likely in many areas within three or four months if ports remain closed, with some less accessible areas at even greater risk. In such a scenario, shortages of food and fuel would drive up prices, and a lack of medical supplies would exacerbate life-threatening diseases.  Thousands of deaths would occur each day due to the lack of food and disease outbreaks,  said FEWS NET, which is funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development.  Famine remained likely even if the southern port of Aden is open, its report said, adding that all Yemeni ports should be reopened to essential imports. The United Nations has said the Saudi-led coalition must allow aid in through Hodeidah port, controlled by the Houthis, the Saudis  enemies in the war in Yemen.  U.N. humanitarian agencies have issued dire warnings about the impact of the blockade, although U.N. officials have declined to directly criticize Saudi Arabia. Jan Egeland, head of the Norwegian Refugee Council and a former U.N. aid chief, was blunt in his criticism, however.  US, UK & other allies of Saudi has only weeks to avoid being complicit in a famine of Biblical proportions. Lift the blockade now,  he wrote in a tweet.   Last year Saudi Arabia was accused by then U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon of exerting  unacceptable  undue pressure to keep itself off a blacklist of countries that kill children in conflict, after sources told Reuters that Riyadh had threatened to cut some U.N. funding. Saudi Arabia denied this. ",1
14279,"U.N. rebukes Philippines president Duterte, Burundi officials for threats","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations human rights office on Tuesday condemned attacks and threats made against its investigators by Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte and by senior Burundian officials.  Last week Mr Duterte threatened to slap (U.N. special rapporteur Agnes) Callamard if she investigates him for alleged extrajudicial killings,  U.N. human rights spokesman Rupert Colville told a news briefing.  He made the same threat against her in June after she criticized his  war on drugs  campaign which has left thousands dead,  he added, referring to remarks made after her visit in May in an unofficial capacity to attend an academic conference. The Philippine Supreme Court on Tuesday began hearing arguments in a petition to declare Duterte s deadly war on drugs, denounced by rights groups across the world, as unconstitutional. More than 3,900 Filipinos have been killed in what the police called self-defense after armed drugs suspects resisted arrest in the 16 month-long campaign. Critics say executions are taking place with zero accountability, allegations the police reject. Callamard, U.N. special rapporteur on extrajudicial killings, is an independent expert reporting to the U.N. Human Rights Council. Her planned visit to the Philippines last December was called off because she refused to accept Duterte s conditions. Recently she has also been subjected to a  tirade of online abuse, including physical threats, during what appears to be a prolonged and well-orchestrated trolling operation across the internet and on social media , Colville said.   We condemn this treatment of Ms Callamard and the disrespect it shows to the Human Rights Council that appointed her in the strongest terms,  he added.  On Burundi, the U.N. rights office has written to the Bujumbura government to demand that officials stop  threatening with prosecution  members of a U.N. Commission of Inquiry that found Burundian officials at the highest level should be held accountable for crimes against humanity, Colville said. Burundi s ambassador in New York told the U.N. General Assembly that the inquiry s report was biased and politically motivated and threatened to  bring to justice  its authors for defamation and attempted detribalization, he said. Burundi is an elected member of the 47-member Human Rights Council, the main U.N. rights forum.  All states should cooperate with mandates established by the Council. None of them are established without good cause,  Colville said. ",1
14280,"South African, Angolan leaders to visit Zimbabwe ob Wednesday","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma and his Angolan counterpart, Joao Lourenco, will travel on Wednesday to Zimbabwe, where 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe is under growing pressure to resign, South Africa s state broadcaster said. ",1
14281,Zimbabwe's state mouthpiece captures fall of First Lady Grace,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s longstanding government and ruling party mouthpiece, The Herald newspaper, has abruptly changed its tune on President Robert Mugabe s wife Grace, confirmation of her political downfall. The Herald often takes its marching orders from the information ministry. And it has always reported from the point of view of the winning faction in the ruling ZANU-PF, making it a reliable barometer of someone s political standing. In August, the paper ran a typically fawning portrait of Grace under the headline  A Loving Mother of the Nation.   Loving mother, compassionate philanthropist, astute businesswoman, perceptive politician, remarkable patriot, these are all adjectives that can be used to describe the First Lady Dr Grace Mugabe,  The Herald gushed. Less than three months later and in the wake of a coup that threatens Mugabe s presidency and has seen both he and Grace expelled from ZANU-PF, her Herald portrayal was starkly different.  Grace Mugabe lacked grooming and true motherhood as shown by her foul language,  the paper quoted the ZANU-PF s youth wing as saying.   We take exception to the vulgar language which had become part of Mrs Mugabe s vocabulary,  it quoted a Youth League cadre as saying.  Zimbabweans, many of whom are devoutly religious and culturally conservative, often take offense at profanities.  The piece featured an unflattering picture of an unsmiling Grace - a sharp departure from the  loving mother  portrayal that included photos of her smiling and holding infants.  Until the events of the past week, the political fortunes of Grace   dubbed  Gucci Grace  for her reputed fondness shopping sprees   were on the rise, if The Herald s coverage was anything to go on. In September 2014, the University of Zimbabwe awarded her a PHD   raising eyebrows as her academic prowess had previously been unknown. But in Zimbabwe, the path to power is paved with academic letters. Weeks later, one Herald headline blared:  Dr Grace Mugabe honored in song.  At the time, she was being shoe-horned into the top position in ZANU-PF s Women s League, and the song was entitled:  Dr G Mugabe For Women s League Secretary.  Just 12 days ago, paper was reporting that the Women s League was backing Grace in her bid to become vice president. This was days after Mugabe sacked his deputy Emmerson Mnangagwa, clearing the path for Grace to assume the role and succeed her 93-year-old husband. It was this tilt at power that triggered the army backlash. ",1
14282,Burkina Faso recalls ambassador to Libya over 'slave markets' report,"OUAGADOUGOU (Reuters) - Burkina Faso s foreign minister said on Monday it had recalled its ambassador to Libya over a report that black African migrants were being auctioned as slaves there. The decision by the West African nation followed the broadcast by CNN of footage of what it said was an auction of men offered to Libyan buyers as farmhands and sold for $400, a chilling echo of the trans-Saharan slave trade of centuries past.  Libya s ambassador to Burkina Faso said his country was being unfairly blamed for a global problem that all nations affected must come together to solve. Foreign Minister Alpha Barry announced the decision by President Roch Marc Kabore in a news conference.  The president of Burkina Faso has decided to recall the ambassador to Tripoli, General Abraham Traore, for a consultation,  Barry said. He had also  summoned the Libyan charge d affairs in (Burkina Faso s capital) Ouagadougou to express our indignation at these images that belong to other centuries, images of the slave trade .  In a news conference on Wednesday, Libya s ambassador to Burkina Faso, Abdul Rahman Khameda, appealed for help from both the European Union and African Union to help Libya reach a lasting resolution of the migrant crisis.  Libya alone can not solve this problem,  he said.  We call on the international community to intensify efforts to help Libya cope with this danger (illicit migration), which is tearing at its social fabric.    African and European leaders are due to meet next week in Ivory Coast s main city, Abidjan, where migration and Europe s efforts to tackle it by co-opting Libya will be high on the agenda.  Adopting an effective solution will prevent certain parties from exploiting such unfortunate events to tarnish Libya s name,  Khameda said. An agreement between Europe and Africa to stem the flow of migrants coming through Libya to Europe had failed to tackle the severe abuses they face, the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein wrote in an article published in September. ",1
14283,Philippines' Duterte threatens to close mines that support rebels,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday threatened to shut down any mine that supports Maoist rebels waging a protracted guerrilla war to overthrow the government. The Philippines has been in on-again, off-again peace talks with the National Democratic Front (NDF), the political arm of the communist movement, since 1986 to end a rebellion that has killed more than 40,000 people and stunted growth in resource-rich rural areas. In a speech honoring soldiers who fought pro-Islamic State militants for five months in the southern city of Marawi, Duterte said that attacks from the Maoist rebels had been on the rise, forcing him to end negotiations, and that he would declare the guerrilla group a terrorist organization.  If I go against the communists, then everybody has to reconfigure their relationship with the New People s Army,  he said, referring to the communists  armed wing.  If you support them financially, I will close you down.  Duterte said some mines were paying  revolutionary taxes  to the rebels in exchange for allowing their operations in remote areas to continue. He did not name any companies. Mines in the Philippines, many with foreign partners, are digging for gold, nickel, copper, chromite and coal. The Mines and Geosciences Bureau said the country had estimated $840 billion worth of untapped mineral wealth as of 2012. The rebels are also engaged in small-scale mining, like gold panning in the south. Mining companies shared the president s position, Ronald Recidoro, executive director at the Chamber of Mines of the Philippines, said.  We do not condone any member supporting the New People s Army through the payment of revolutionary taxes,  Recidoro told Reuters.  This is clearly against the law and they really should be prosecuted if they are found to be supporting these organizations. And if closure is warranted, that is within the prerogative of the president.  The Chamber of Mines groups 20 of the country s 43 operating mines. Recidoro said some mining firm members had experienced some of their equipment being burned by the NPA because of their refusal to pay the taxes.  I am fighting a rebellion... I have to build a strong army,  Duterte said, adding the military would next year acquire 23 attack helicopters to boost counter-insurgency capability. Military spokesman Major-General Restituto Padilla said the Philippines already had approval for the purchase of attack helicopters but had not decided what type or where to source them. ($1 = 50.6 pesos) ",1
14284,Czech police ask parliament to allow prosecution of prospective PM Babis,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech police have requested parliament lift the immunity of prospective prime minister Andrej Babis to allow prosecution in a case involving alleged fraud in tapping European Union subsidies, the lower house s press office said on Tuesday. Babis, whose ANO party was the runaway winner in a parliamentary election in October on pledges to run the state better and fight corruption among traditional parties, denies any wrongdoing and has called the charges politically motivated.      Police suspect the billionaire businessman hid ownership of the Stork s Nest farm and convention center almost a decade ago to get a two million euro EU subsidy that was part of a program aimed at small businesses.  Lawmakers already voted in September to allow his prosecution, but Babis won immunity again with his re-election. He said on Tuesday the new request to lift immunity was further evidence of a campaign against him.   The speed at which they are coming after me again only shows what huge fear the corrupt system has; how much this old system is afraid of me and how tenaciously they are trying to get me,  Babis was quoted by CTK news agency as saying. President Milos Zeman has tasked Babis with forming a government, but the case has hurt his chances of assembling a coalition as almost all of the other eight parties in the lower house have refused to work with him if he faces police charges. Babis instead is aiming for a minority cabinet, which may be appointed in the coming weeks, but still faces the prospect he may lose a vote of confidence in the 200-seat lower house.  His party won 78 seats in the election and he has not found other support than possible tolerance from the Communist party with 15 seats.  A failure to win confidence would trigger two more attempts to form a cabinet, which could take months, while Babis s team would hold office in the meantime. Most parties have said they would vote to lift immunity again but it was not clear if a majority would be found. The case also involves ANO s deputy chairman Jaroslav Faltynek, who has denied wrongdoing. Babis entered politics in 2011 and had sat in the outgoing center-left government. He moved his holding in his business empire - valued at $4 billion and comprising numerous companies in food processing, agriculture, chemicals and media - to trust funds earlier this year. ",1
14285,Syrian Kurdish YPG accuses Turkey of Afrin aggression,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A Syrian Kurdish militia accused Turkish forces on Tuesday of  aggression and escalation  in the Afrin region, which it controls, on Syria s northwestern border with Turkey.  Ankara has sent forces into areas of Syria adjacent to Afrin to oppose the influence of the YPG militia, which it sees as a branch of the PKK movement that has waged a three-decade insurgency inside Turkey. The YPG spearheads the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting Islamic State with the help of a U.S.-led coalition.  Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said last week that Turkey needed to  cleanse Afrin  of the YPG. On Monday, Ankara accused it of attacking an observation post in Idlib province.  In an apparent response to that charge, the YPG said in a statement that Turkey was  spreading several rumors about our forces attacking Turkish lands .  It said Turkey had fired artillery and machine guns at several villages in Afrin on Monday. Turkey backed an incursion into a part of Syria immediately east of Afrin last year in support of anti-government Syrian rebel factions, which led to frequent clashes with the YPG.  Last month, Ankara also sent some troops into Idlib, south and west of Afrin, as part of a deal it has agreed with Russia and Iran to set up so-called  de-escalation zones  to reduce fighting.  ",1
14286,U.N. urges Sudan to improve plight of Darfur's displaced people,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations urged Sudan to end violence and human rights abuses against the 2.6 million people displaced by its long conflict in Darfur, a U.N. report documenting the abuses said on Tuesday. Conflict in Darfur began in 2003 when mainly non-Arab tribes took up arms against Sudan s Arab-led government.  Progress on resolving the conflict was a key demand made by the United States before it lifted 20-year sanctions last month that had long-isolated the country. Sudan said last month that it would extend a unilateral ceasefire with rebels that has been in place since October 2016 until the end of December. The U.N. report found that  despite a ceasefire between the Government and various armed opposition groups ... violence against internally displaced people continues to be widespread and impunity for human rights violations persists.   I urge the Government to address fundamental issues that are preventing the return of displaced people, such as continued violence, including from armed militias, which raise continuing and justifiable fears for their safety and the lack of basic services that leave them dependent on aid,  U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein said in a statement.  People displaced by the conflict face  outright absence of law enforcement and judicial institutions  and  serious human rights abuses and violations of international humanitarian law,  the statement said. ",1
14287,UK PM May says believes Northern Irish accord possible; wants more talks,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday she wanted to see more talks next week between Northern Ireland s main parties, adding she believed an agreement to restore the devolved power-sharing government in the province could be reached.  I believe that the differences between the parties, the issues that are dividing them, are very small ... issues around culture, identity, legacy, the future stability of the devolved institutions,  she said.  I believe a way forward can be found so agreement can be reached.  ",1
14288,Sweden stops some new aid for Cambodia in protest over crackdown,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Sweden said on Tuesday it was stopping new aid for Cambodia, except in education and research, and would no longer support a reform programme after the main opposition party was outlawed by the Supreme Court at the government s request. The announcement marked the first concrete action by a European Union country in protest at a political crackdown in which veteran Prime Minister Hun Sen s main rival has also been arrested and civil rights groups and independent media attacked. The United States cut election funding and said it would take more punitive steps after last week s ban on the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP). The European Union has also threatened action. Sweden s embassy in Phnom Penh said the country was reviewing its engagement with Cambodia.   We will not initiate any new government-to-government development cooperation agreements, except in the areas of education and research,  it said in a statement. As a consequence, it would be unable to support decentralisation reform in its current form. That reform aims to strengthen lower levels of government, such as local communes. The CNRP won control of more than 40 percent of the communes in elections in June, but has now had to give them up to the ruling Cambodian People s Party (CPP). The CNRP was banned after its leader, Kem Sokha, was arrested for alleged treason. The government says he sought to take power with American help. He rejects that allegation as politically motivated, to allow Hun Sen to extend his more than three decades in power in next year s general election. Responding to the Swedish statement, a senior official said Cambodia welcomed friendship with Sweden or other countries, but said they must understand the CNRP had been banned because the courts found it had committed treason.      People should respect the Cambodian people s decision in accordance with the principle of democracy and the rule of law,  said Huy Vannak, undersecretary of state at the Interior Ministry. Sweden, which has given Cambodia an estimated $100 million in aid over five years, ranked third among individual EU member states in Cambodia s database of donors last year, after France and Germany. Swedish fashion group H&M is also a key buyer from Cambodia s garment factories - the country s main export earner. But Western donors have less sway than they once did since China has emerged as Cambodia s biggest aid donor and investor. Meeting on Monday on the sidelines of a meeting of Asia-Europe foreign ministers in Myanmar, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his Cambodian counterpart Prak Sokhon that China supported the government s actions. China has repeatedly expressed its support for Cambodia, making no criticism of the government led by Hun Sen, a former Khmer Rouge commander, who is one of Beijing s most important allies in Southeast Asia.    (The story adds dropped word  after  in paragraph 1) ",1
14289,"Myanmar operation against Rohingya has 'hallmarks of ethnic cleansing', U.S. Congress members say","YANGON (Reuters) - Members of U.S. Congress said on Tuesday they were disturbed by the harsh response of Myanmar s security forces to attacks by militants in August which they said bore  all the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing  against the Rohingya Muslim minority.  We are profoundly disturbed by the violent and disproportionate response against the Rohingya by the military and local groups,  Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley told reporters in Yangon at the end of a visit to Bangladesh and Myanmar. Merkley, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, led the five-strong congressional delegation, which over the last few days met with people affected by the military crackdown on Rohingya Muslims which has forced more than 600,000 people to flee to Bangladesh. In early November, U.S. lawmakers proposed targeted sanctions and travel restrictions on Myanmar military officials  over the treatment of the Rohingya. ",1
14290,"Brazil house speaker says whipping votes for pension reform difficult, but urgent","RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - The speaker of Brazil s lower house said on Tuesday that it will not be easy to obtain the 308 votes needed to pass a much anticipated pension reform, but that doing so is  fundamental and urgent  for the country. In an interview with Brazil s CBN radio, Maia said it was important that the government completed a reform to Brazil s ministerial framework soon, so that it can advance in negotiations regarding pensions. ",1
14291,Chinese court jails rights lawyer for two years for inciting subversion,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A Chinese court on Tuesday jailed a prominent rights lawyer for two years, saying he incited subversion of state power, the most recent such verdict in a sweeping crackdown on activism. Jiang Tianyong, 46, developed notions of overthrowing China s political system after being influenced by training workshops held by  anti-China foreign forces  overseas, the court in the central city of Changsha said. He used social media to  attack or defame  government departments and incited others to gather and demonstrate in public, the Changsha Intermediate People s Court said on its Twitter-like Weibo microblog.     However, Jiang s wife, Jin Bianling, called the verdict  unacceptable , adding that she believed he was being made an example of, in order to deter or repress other rights lawyers.       I do not acknowledge or accept this verdict,  she told Reuters in a telephone interview from the United States, where she lives.  Jiang Tianyong is innocent.    Jiang s family was unable to appoint their own lawyers, Jin said, and she had been unable to contact him in detention.  In Geneva, the U.N. human rights office, which has denounced China s crackdown on defense lawyers since 2015, called for his release.  We urge the Chinese authorities to release Jiang Tianyong as well as lawyer Wang Quanzhang and other lawyers and activists who have remained in detention since August 2015,  U.N. human rights spokesman Rupert Colville told Reuters. The verdict came exactly a year after Jiang disappeared last November while visiting the family of another detained rights lawyer. He was held incommunicado for six months before being formally charged. There were  serious concerns regarding the lawfulness of the legal proceedings , said Germany s ambassador to China, Michael Clauss, including the denial of access to lawyers of Jiang s choice.  The circumstances and the lack of regard for the rights of the defendant certainly call into question the fairness of the verdict,  Clauss said in a statement. Jiang, who was disbarred in 2009 after taking on sensitive cases such as defending practitioners of the banned Falun Gong spiritual movement, had been an outspoken critic of the government crackdown on dissent. Since mid-2015, hundreds of rights lawyers and activists have been sentenced or detained, drawing condemnation from foreign governments and international rights groups. Tuesday s ruling broadly followed the facts in Jiang s confession at his trial in August, when the court released video images of him reading parts of a written statement. China has videostreamed or liveblogged increasing numbers of court hearings in recent years, in a push for judicial transparency. But in sensitive cases, say rights activists, only selected portions are made available, when the defendant has agreed to go along with a pre-prepared outcome. Rights group Amnesty International called Jiang s conviction  baseless  and his trial a  total sham .  His so-called confession and apology, most likely extracted under duress, were nothing more than an act of political theater directed by the authorities,  said William Nee, a China researcher at Amnesty. ",1
14292,Rosneft's Sechin to miss hearing at ex-minister corruption trial: media,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The head of Russian state oil giant Rosneft, Igor Sechin, will not be in Moscow on Wednesday where he is meant to appear in court to testify in a major corruption trial of a former minister, according to Russian news agencies.  Russian prosecutors accuse Alexei Ulyukayev of extorting a $2 million bribe from powerful political rival Sechin in exchange for approving a lucrative business deal in what turned out to be a sting operation.  Ulyukayev, who was fired by President Vladimir Putin from his post as economy minister shortly after being detained, denies the charges and says Sechin framed him.   Asked by reporters whether he would be in Moscow on Wednesday when the hearing is due, Sechin replied that he would be still be on a visit to western Siberia where on Tuesday he attended the opening of a new Rosneft oil field.  Tomorrow I am meeting with the governor (of the Khanty-Mansiiysk region), gathering the staff, will be summing up results of the prime minister s visit,  Sechin was quoted as saying by Interfax news agency. Sechin has already missed two hearings in Ulyukayev s trial. He has previously said he would attend as soon as his schedule allowed. Ulyukayev s arrest a year ago came moments after Sechin personally handed him the cash in a late-night meeting at the Rosneft headquarters in exchange for signing off on Rosneft s purchase of a stake in mid-sized oil producer Bashneft, according to investigators. The fate of Bashneft, one of the most lucrative state assets to be privatized in years, was the focus of a major turf war between rival Kremlin camps, sources close to the deal and in the government have said. Ulyukayev was among those who believed Bashneft should go to private investors. Both he and Sechin are deeply embedded in the tangle of allegiances and rivalries in Russian politics and business.  Ulyukayev belonged to a faction of economic liberals who argued for less state control over the economy, while Sechin, a close ally of President Vladimir Putin, represents the opposite view.   Rosneft spokesman Mikhail Leontyev dismissed speculation over possible reasons for Sechin s likely absence at Wednesday s hearing, also citing the demands of his schedule.   This is a made up problem and it was made up with only one purpose - to avoid attention from the essence of the trial,   Leontyev said.  This is not the first case in the human or Russian history when the court wants to hear a testimony of a man with tight schedule.  Ulyukayev faces up to 15 years in jail if found guilty. ",1
14293,Britain will honour commitments made to EU - May's spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will honour its commitments made while a member of the European Union, but specific figures on how much the country will pay for Brexit are subject to negotiations, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday.  All I can point you to is the PM s position as set out many times in terms of the fact that the UK will honour commitments we ve made during the period of our membership. No EU member state will need to pay more or receive less over the remainder of the current budget plan,  he told reporters.  In terms of specific figures or scenarios, they are all subject to negotiation.  ",1
14294,"Only five ministers, attorney general turn up for Zimbabwe cabinet meeting: sources","HARARE (Reuters) - Only five Zimbabwe cabinet ministers and the attorney general turned up for a meeting called by President Robert Mugabe as 17 others opted to attend a meeting to plan the 93-year-old leader s impeachment, sources said on Tuesday. The cabinet meeting is the first called by Mugabe since a military takeover last Wednesday. Mugabe faced the start of an impeachment process later in the day as his party sought to end his nearly four decades in power. ",1
14295,"Once inside Kim Jong Un's inner circle, top aide's star fades","SEOUL (Reuters) - When Kim Jong Un sat down in September to order the sixth and largest of North Korea s nuclear tests, Hwang Pyong So sat by his side, his khaki military uniform conspicuous among the suits at the table, photos released by state media at the time showed. Now Hwang, once one of Kim s most-trusted advisers, is facing unspecified punishment on the orders of another man who also sat at that exclusive table in September, Choe Ryong Hae, South Korean intelligence officials believe. Information on North Korea is often difficult to obtain, and with few hard details and no official confirmation from Pyongyang, analysts said it was too soon to draw any firm conclusions from the unspecified punishments. But the moves, which appear to involve two of Kim s top four advisers, are being closely watched for indications of fractures within his secretive inner circle, and come as North Korea faces increasing international pressure over its nuclear weapons program.      Having his advisers compete with each other suits Kim just fine, said Christopher Green, an analyst with the Crisis Group.  It is hardwired into autocracy to have underlings in competition,  he said. Hwang, a shy, bespectacled general in his mid-60s, is a close confidant of Kim Jong Un and has had an unprecedented rise to the top rungs of North Korea s leadership in the space of a few years.  In 2014, he became one of the most powerful people outside the ruling Kim family when he was named chief of the General Political Bureau of the army, a powerful position that mobilizes the military for the leader. His apparent punishment takes on additional meaning as it was orchestrated by Choe who has competed with Hwang in the past and stands to gain from any demotion, according to South Korea s spy agency.  The two men were last seen in public together early last month as they watched a gymnastics gala, according to state media. Hwang has since faded from public view, whereas Choe was the ranking official who met with a senior envoy from China in Pyongyang last week. Kim has not shied away from removing or punishing even favored leaders who could become powerful enough to threaten his grip on power, said Michael Madden, an expert on the North Korean leadership at 38 North, a project of the U.S.-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced Studies in Washington.  Vice Marshal Hwang Pyong So could not have continued in the capacity that he was operating in, without it coming back to bite him,  he said. Both Hwang and Choe came to South Korea during the Asian Games in 2014 - the highest such visit by North Korean officials to the rival South. Dressed in a drab, olive army uniform and his large officer s cap, Hwang, who had been promoted to the No.2 spot behind Kim just one week earlier, had tea and lunch with Choe and South Korean officials and waved to crowds at the games  closing ceremony. The trip had been announced just one day in advance and took many South Korean observers by surprise. Some suggested there may have been a power struggle between the two men, neither wanting to yield the high-profile visit to the other. Choe, who was subjected to political  reeducation  himself in the past, now appears to be gaining more influence since he was promoted in October to the party s powerful Central Military Commission, according to South Korean officials.  The National Intelligence Service indicated Choe now heads the Organisation and Guidance Department (OGD), the secretive body which oversees appointments within North Korea s leadership. The punishment represents the first time Hwang has faced any major blow to his standing, said Lee Sang-keun, a North Korea leadership expert at Ewha Woman s University s Institute of Unification Studies. Hwang had a reputation of playing a respectful and careful role around the notoriously unpredictable Kim. Photos released by state media often showed him covering his mouth as he politely laughed with the supreme leader. The punishment may not reflect any specific mistakes on Hwang s part but could be part of a wider effort by Kim to ensure that the ruling party retains its control over the military, Lee said. The moves are part of a sweeping ideological scrutiny of the political unit of the military for the first time in 20 years, according to Kim Byung-kee, a lawmaker on South Korea s parliamentary intelligence committee. They could also be an effort to prevent a repeat of a major purge in 2013, 38 North s Madden said. Kim s uncle and second most powerful man in the secretive state, Jang Song Thaek, was executed during that purge after a special military tribunal found him guilty of treason.  Preemptively putting Hwang in his place now meant Kim might prevent him from becoming so powerful he could only be dealt with in a similar way, Madden said.   What (Kim s) doing can be described as clipping wings.   ",1
14296,Ukraine expels Belarus diplomat over Minsk spy-ring spat,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine said on Tuesday it had expelled a Belarussian diplomat in a tit-for-tat move linked to allegations from Belarus that the Ukrainian defense ministry had set up a spy ring in Minsk. Belarus s KGB state security service said on Monday it had arrested a Ukrainian journalist and declared a Ukrainian diplomat persona non grata due to their alleged involvement in espionage.  The Ukrainian foreign ministry has also made the decision to declare a Belarussian diplomat persona non grata and he has already left the country,  Ukrainian foreign ministry spokeswoman Mariana Betsa said by telephone. Betsa said the diplomat was a first secretary in the embassy in Kiev but declined to name him or her. The Ukrainian defense ministry has denied the KGB s allegations. Minsk-based Ukrainian journalist Pavlo Sharoyko was arrested in October and has since been charged with being an undercover intelligence officer by the KGB. Reuters has not been able to reach him for comment.    The case puts further pressure on relations between Minsk and Kiev that were tested earlier this year when Belarus hosted large-scale joint military exercises with Russia. September s Zapad-2017 ( West-2017 ) war games unnerved Ukraine and NATO member states on Europe s eastern flank, which feared the exercises could be a rehearsal or cover for a real offensive.     ",1
14297,Germany detains six Syrian suspected of planning attack,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German police on Tuesday detained six Syrians suspected of planning an attack using weapons or explosives on behalf of the Islamic State militant group, prosecutors said. Police detained the suspects aged between 20 and 28 during  raids in the cities of Kassel, Hanover, Essen and Leipzig, the general prosecutor s office in Frankfurt said in a statement. Some 500 police officers took part in the raids during which  eight apartments were searched. Four of the suspects arrived in Germany in December 2014 and two arrived the following year. All six had applied for asylum. The prosecutor s office did not say if their asylum applications had been approved. Prosecutors said the six Syrians  are suspected of being members of the foreign terrorist organization that calls itself Islamic State (IS) . They added:  The accused are also suspected of having planned an attack against a public target in Germany using either weapons or explosives.  It is the second time this month that Syrians have been arrested on suspicion of planning militant violence. Earlier this month a 19-year-old Syrian man was detained on suspicion of planning a bomb attack. The arrest comes one month before the first anniversary of an attack in Berlin by a failed Tunisian asylum seeker who killed 12 people by plowing a truck into a Christmas market. Concrete blocks have been installed around Christmas markets at several central squares in the capital this year before the festive season opens in a couple of weeks. ",1
14298,Merkel signals readiness for new election after coalition talks collapse,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said she would prefer a new election to ruling with a minority after talks on forming a three-way coalition failed overnight, but Germany s president told parties they owed it to voters to try to form a government. The major obstacle to a three-way deal was immigration, according to Merkel, who was forced into negotiations after bleeding support in the Sept. 24 election to the far right in a backlash at her 2015 decision to let in over 1 million migrants. The failure of exploratory coalition talks involving her conservative bloc, the liberal pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens raises the prospect of a new election and casts doubt about her future after 12 years in power. Merkel, 63, said she was sceptical about ruling in a minority government, telling ARD television:  My point of view is that new elections would be the better path.  Her plans did not include being chancellor in a minority government, she said after meeting President Frank-Walter Steinmeier. Steinmeier said Germany was facing the worst governing crisis in the 68-year history of its post-World War Two democracy and pressed all parties in parliament  to serve our country  and try to form a government. His remarks appeared aimed at the FDP and the Social Democrats (SPD), who on Monday ruled out renewing their  grand coalition  with the conservatives.  Inside our country, but also outside, in particular in our European neighbourhood, there would be concern and a lack of understanding if politicians in the biggest and economically strongest country (in Europe) did not live up to their responsibilities,  read a statement from Steinmeier, a former foreign minister who has been thrust centre-stage after taking on the usually largely ceremonial head of state role in March. Steinmeier s intervention suggests he regards a new election - desired by half of Germany s voters according to a poll - as a last resort. The SPD has so far stuck to a pledge after heavy losses in the September election not to go back into a Merkel-led broad coalition of centre-left and centre-right. Merkel urged the SPD to reconsider.  I would hope that they consider very intensively if they should take on the responsibility  of governing, she told broadcaster ZDF, adding she saw no reason to resign and her conservative bloc would enter any new election more unified than before.  If new elections happened, then ... we have to accept that. I m afraid of nothing,  she said. Business leaders also called for a swift return to talks. With German leadership seen as crucial for a European Union grappling with governance reform and Britain s impending exit, FDP leader Christian Lindner s announcement that he was pulling out spooked investors and sent the euro falling in the morning. Both the euro and European shares later recovered from early selling, while German bond yields steadied near 1-1/2 week lows, as confidence about the outlook for the euro zone economy helped investors brush off worries about the risk of Germany going to the polls again soon.  FEAR OF FAR-RIGHT GAINS Earlier, Merkel got the strong backing of her CDU leadership. Josef Joffe, publisher-editor of Germany weekly Die Zeit said she could rely on CDU support for now, but added:  I will not bet on her serving out her entire four-year term.  The main parties fear another election so soon would let the far-right, anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party add to the 13 percent of votes it secured in September, when it entered parliament for the first time. Polls suggest a repeat election would return a similarly fragmented parliament. A poll published on Monday showed a new election would bring roughly the same result as the September election, with the Greens set to see the biggest gains. If Germans voted next Sunday, Merkel s conservatives would get 31 percent, the SPD 21 percent, the Greens and the AfD both 12 percent, the FDP 10 percent and the Left party 9 percent, the Forsa survey for RTL television showed. This compares with the election result of 32.9 percent for the conservatives, 20.5 percent for the SPD, 12.6 percent for AfD, 10.7 percent for FDP, 9.2 percent for the Left party and 8.9 percent for the Greens.  The failure of coalition talks is unprecedented in Germany s post-war history, and was likened by newsmagazine Der Spiegel to the shock election of U.S. President Donald Trump or Britain s referendum vote to leave the EU - moments when countries cast aside reputations for stability built up over decades. Any outcome in Germany is, however, likely to be more consensus driven.  The problem is stagnation and immobility, not instability as in Italy,  said Joffe. The unravelling of the German talks came as a surprise since the main sticking points - immigration and climate policy - were not seen as FDP signature issues. Responding to criticism from the Greens, FDP vice chairman Wolfgang Kubicki said a tie-up would have been short-lived.  Nothing would be worse than to get into a relationship about which we know that it will end in a dirty divorce,  he said.  Even if the SPD or the FDP revisit their decisions, the price for either party to change its mind could be the departure of Merkel, who since 2005 has been a symbol of German stability, leading Europe through the euro zone crisis. The inability to form a government caused disquiet elsewhere in Europe, not least because of the implications for the euro zone reforms championed by French President Emmanuel Macron. Germany s political impasse could also complicate and potentially delay the Brexit negotiations - Britain has just over a year to strike a divorce deal with the EU ahead of an exit planned for March 29, 2019.   It s not in our interests that the process freezes up,  Macron told reporters in Paris, adding he had spoken with Merkel shortly after the failure of talks. ",1
14299,Merkel says she would prefer new elections over minority government,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday that she would prefer new elections to leading a minority government after talks about forming a three-way coalition collapsed overnight.  My point of view is that new elections would be the better path,  Merkel told ARD television in an interview to be broadcast later in the evening. She added that her plans did not include being chancellor in a minority government. ",1
14300,"South Korea, Japan welcome U.S. relisting North Korea as sponsor of terrorism","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea and Japan on Tuesday welcomed U.S. President Donald Trump s move to put North Korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism, saying it will ramp up pressure on the reclusive regime to get rid of its nuclear weapons. The designation, announced on Monday, allows the United States to impose more sanctions on North Korea, which is pursuing nuclear weapons and missile programs in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions. (Graphic: Nuclear North Korea - tmsnrt.rs/2lE5yjF)  I welcome and support (the designation) as it raises the pressure on North Korea,  Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told reporters. South Korea said it expected the listing to contribute to peaceful denuclearisation, the foreign ministry said in a text message. North Korea has vowed never to give up its nuclear weapons program, which it defends as a necessary defense against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, denies any such plans. In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said China had noted the reports on the U.S. decision.  Currently, the situation on the Korean peninsula is complicated and sensitive,  Lu told a daily news briefing.  We still hope all relevant parties can do more to alleviate the situation and do more that is conducive to all relevant parties returning to the correct path of negotiation, dialogue and consultation to resolve the peninsula nuclear issue.  The move will further weigh on the  precarious situation  on the peninsula, China s official Xinhua news agency said in an English-language editorial.  The prospect of a nuclear-free Korean peninsula has been pushed farther away by one after another irresponsible action or blaring rhetoric,  it said. This year s rapid escalation of tension was largely down to a  game of chicken  between Washington and Pyongyang, it added.  Trump s re-listing of North Korea as a sponsor of terrorism comes a week after he returned from a 12-day trip to Asia in which containing North Korea s nuclear ambitions was a centerpiece of his discussions.  In addition to threatening the world by nuclear devastation, North Korea has repeatedly supported acts of international terrorism, including assassinations on foreign soil,  Trump told reporters at the White House.  This designation will impose further sanctions and penalties on North Korea and related persons and supports our maximum pressure campaign to isolate the murderous regime.  Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull also backed Trump s decision.  Kim Jong Un runs a global criminal operation from North Korea peddling arms, peddling drugs, engaged in cyber-crime and of course threatening the stability of region with his nuclear weapons,  Turnbull told reporters in Sydney, referring to the North Korean leader. Trump, who has often criticized his predecessors  policies toward North Korea as being too soft, said the designation should have been made  a long time ago . North Korea was put on the U.S. terrorism sponsor list for the 1987 bombing of a Korean Air flight that killed all 115 people aboard. But the administration of former President George W. Bush, a Republican, removed it in 2008 in exchange for progress in denuclearisation talks. Experts say the designation will be largely symbolic as North Korea is already heavily sanctioned by the United States. On Monday, South Korean President Moon Jae-in s special security adviser, Moon Chung-in, told reporters any such designation would be  more symbolic than substance . The United States has designated only three other countries - Iran, Sudan and Syria - as state sponsors of terrorism. North Korea has said it plans to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. It has fired two missiles over Japan and on Sept. 3 conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test. ",1
14301,Putin to inform Saudi king about his meeting with Assad: Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin will hold a telephone conversation with the king of Saudi Arabia on Tuesday to inform him about his meeting with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, the Kremlin said.  Today there will be Putin s telephone conversation with the king of Saudi Arabia, and one can certainly expect that Putin will inform his Saudi counterpart about yesterday s meeting,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. Putin hosted Assad in his Black Sea residence in Sochi on Monday to talk about the need to move from military operations to the search for a political solution to Syria s conflict, the Kremlin said on Tuesday. ",1
14302,Turkish opposition journalist sentenced to three years over tweet: agency,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish court sentenced a journalist from opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet to three years in prison on Tuesday on a charge of spreading terrorist propaganda over a tweet which the paper briefly posted in May, state media said. The newspaper s online editor, Oguz Guven, was accused of discrediting Ankara s fight against supporters of the U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who the government says orchestrated a coup attempt last year. The tweet had referred to a prosecutor being killed in a road accident with the expression that he had been  mowed down by a truck . Cumhuriyet, long a pillar of the secularist establishment, says the tweet was replaced within one minute by one saying the prosecutor  died awfully in a truck accident . The prosecutor who died had prepared an indictment against Gulen s network. The cleric denies any involvement in the coup attempt. State-run Anadolu agency said Guven was sentenced to three years and one month in jail. He had been remanded in custody in May but was released in June pending trial. More than a dozen Cumhuriyet correspondents and executives are being tried in a separate case in which prosecutors say the paper was taken over by supporters of Gulen and used to target Erdogan and veil the actions of militant groups.  Prosecutors are seeking up to 43 years in jail for the paper s staff, accused of targeting Erdogan through  asymmetric war methods.  They have denied the charges. Since the failed coup in July 2016, Turkey has jailed more than 50,000 people and closed more than 130 media outlets, raising concerns among Western allies about deteriorating rights and freedoms. ",1
14303,"Germany's Schaeuble urges parties to compromise, take responsibility","BERLIN (Reuters) - German parties must be more willing to compromise and take  responsibility to form a coalition government because Europe and the world need Berlin as a strong and reliable ally, Parliamentary President Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Tuesday. Speaking to lawmakers in the Bundestag lower house of parliament after efforts to form a three-way alliance failed, Schaeuble said:  Europe needs a Germany that is capable of acting. The reactions from abroad show that Europe and many other countries in the world are waiting for us.  Schaeuble, a veteran conservative and former finance minister, added:  The challenges are huge and just as we ourselves need strong partners, our neighbors also want a reliable partner at their side.  ",1
14304,Senior Israeli official dismisses Lebanese army border warning,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A senior Israeli official dismissed as  nonsense  on Tuesday a warning by Lebanese army s of possible aggression by Israel.  It s nonsense,  the official, who requested anonymity, told Reuters in response to Lebanon s army commander General Joseph Aoun urging  full readiness  at the southern border to face  threats of the Israeli enemy and its violations . Separately, the Israeli military said it had been holding a drill near Israel s border with Syria since Sunday. ",1
14305,Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa adds to calls for Mugabe to go,"HARARE (Reuters) - Ousted Zimbabwean vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa added his voice on Tuesday to those demanding 93-year-old President Mugabe resign, saying he needed to heed the  clarion call  of his people and step down. Mnangagwa, who said he fled Zimbabwe because of a threat to his life after being purged from the ruling party, said he had been in contact with Mugabe and invited to return but would not do so until his personal security could be guaranteed.  I told the President that I would not return home now until I am satisfied of my personal security, because of the manner and treatment given to me upon being fired,  he said in a statement. ",1
14306,Unclear if anyone will attend Mugabe cabinet meeting: spokesman,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s information minister said on Tuesday he did not know whether ministers would attend a cabinet meeting called by President Robert Mugabe at his State House offices, the first since a military takeover last week.  I do not know whether anyone will attend,  SK Moyo told Reuters hours before parliament was due to sit to start proceedings to impeach the 93-year-old leader. Cabinet meetings normally start at 0730 GMT. ",1
14307,China says hopes all parties can resolve North Korea issue peacefully,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday it hoped all parties could contribute to resolving the issue on the Korean peninsula peacefully, after the United States put North Korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism. Ministry spokesman Lu Kang made the comment at a daily news briefing. ",1
14308,"Trump, Putin to talk over phone on Tuesday after Assad's visit to Russia: Ifx","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin will hold a telephone conversation with U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday, the Interfax news agency cited the Kremlin as saying. Putin was paid a rare visit by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Monday. Greeting Assad at his Black Sea residence of Sochi, Putin said he would follow up the meeting with telephone calls to Trump and to Middle Eastern leaders including the Emir of Qatar. [nL8N1NR0K3] ",1
14309,Thailand seeks to prosecute ousted PM Thaksin in absentia in two graft cases,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand is seeking to prosecute ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra for graft under a law that allows politicians to be tried in absentia, an official said on Tuesday, months after Thaksin s sister was sentenced to jail in her absence. Thailand is divided broadly between those backing Thaksin and his sister, former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, whose government was removed in a 2014 coup, and the elite in the capital, Bangkok. A former commerce minister and member of Yingluck s Puea Thai Party that was ousted in the coup said the planned prosecution of Thaksin was politically motivated. The former telecommunications tycoon was ousted in a 2006 coup and has since lived in self-imposed exile to avoid a graft conviction in 2008 he says was politically motivated.  Separate cases against Thaksin, including graft cases in 2008 and 2012, had to be suspended until he returned to Thailand for trial. But an amendment to the law in September makes it possible for politicians to be prosecuted in their absence.  The 2008 and 2012 cases involved Thaksin s alleged conflict of interest in a telecoms concession and suspected abuse of power.   Public prosecutors put in a request to the supreme court today to proceed with the two cases without presence of the accused, in accordance with the new law,  Wanchart Santikunchorn, a spokesman for the office of the attorney-general, told reporters. Thaksin was not immediately available for comment.  Thaksin re-shaped Thai politics after building a business empire, winning staunch support with populist policies that raised living standards, especially among the rural poor, and propelled him or his loyalists to victory in every election since 2001. Yingluck fled the country in August, ahead of a verdict in a negligence trial, but was eventually found guilty and handed down a five-year jail term in absentia in September.  Former commerce minister Watana Muangsook said the junta was damaging the country with politically motivated court cases.   The law which allows court proceedings in absentia of the accused is aimed at destroying the regime s political opposition,  Watana said in a statement to Reuters. Wanchart denied the moves against the Shinawatra family were biased, saying they were in line with the newly amended law.   ",1
14310,Mexico's presidential front-runner vows stable economy; aide urges NAFTA delay,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s leftist presidential hopeful Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador vowed on Monday to boost infrastructure spending but guard economic stability, while his team reiterated that ongoing NAFTA talks should be put off until after next year s election. Lopez Obrador, the front-runner in most polls ahead of the July vote, unveiled a platform that envisioned an austere government to root out corruption and redirect spending to public works and social programs without new taxes or raising the debt-to-GDP ratio. He rebutted claims he would pursue Venezuela-style socialist policies if elected.  Let s be very clear, we are not inspired by any foreign governments, neither Maduro nor Trump,  said Lopez Obrador, referring to Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro and U.S. President Donald Trump. The veteran leftist who is known popularly by his initials AMLO, is set to make his third bid for the presidency, this time seeking closer ties with business and moderating some policies to fend off rivals who claim he will wreck Mexico s economy. Lopez Obrador has mainly avoided picking public fights with Trump, who is widely loathed south of the border for his anti-Mexican rhetoric. On Monday he said he would seek friendly relations with the U.S. government but would demand respect. His team repeated his position that talks to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) should be scrapped until after Mexico s election because the government of President Enrique Pena Nieto would not defend Mexico s interests.  A government like this ... lacks the necessary legitimacy to represent the interests of the country in this negotiation,  said Hector Vasconcelos, a former diplomat who helped draw up the government plan and spoke at the event.  U.S., Mexican and Canadian negotiators are currently engaged in a fifth round of talks in Mexico City following Trump s demand the deal be rewritten to benefit the United States.  The talks are due to be wrapped up in early 2018. The two-time presidential runner-up s platform also calls for studying the construction of new oil refineries with the capacity to process 300,000 barrels per day. Lopez Obrador narrowly lost in 2006 and by a larger margin in 2012, in both cases refusing to accept the results which he dismissed as marred by fraud. This time he will run as head of the MORENA party he founded in 2014.  He previously ran a popular, moderate government as mayor of Mexico City, but political rivals depict him as a dangerous firebrand and liken his policies and style to the socialist project in crisis-hit Venezuela. At a packed 10,000 seat arena, MORENA party delegates voted in favor of a  development plan  that Lopez Obrador said he would implement if elected and after further discussion with supporters. The folksy orator offered the platform on the national holiday that commemorates the start of Mexico s 1910 revolution. The plan touted a series of proposals including universal access to public or private universities for all qualified students, better pensions and public health services.  Vasconcelos said a Lopez Obrador government would gradually pull back the army and marines from the streets where they have been engaged in a decade-long war against cartels that has left more than 100,000 dead.  However, he said the military would not be abruptly removed from towns where its presence was the main guarantee of security. The plan vowed less spending on running the government, respect for private-property rights and the central bank s autonomy.   We are not opposed to businesses, they are necessary. We are against corrupt politicians and influence traffickers,  Lopez Obrador said.   As the central plank of the platform, Lopez Obrador promised to redirect federal government spending equivalent to 4.1 percent of gross domestic product to infrastructure and priority social programs, with a goal of increasing economic growth. According to the plan, a $13 billion airport being constructed by the current government of President Enrique Pena Nieto is not economically viable. Lopez Obrador s government would come up with an alternative to improve air transportation, it said. Lopez Obrador also vowed to slash the large pensions former presidents receive, while halving the presidential salary and reducing that of other top officials.  This is not revenge, it is justice,  he said. Lopez Obrador said he will announce his 16-member cabinet next month, which he said will feature equal numbers of men and women. Also on Monday, the leaders of a left-right coalition that could represent a stiff challenge to Lopez Obrador adopted an anti-corruption platform that also proposes a universal minimum income.  The coalition, dominated by the conservative National Action Party (PAN) and the center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) will choose its consensus presidential candidate by mid-December. Next year s election is expected to be contested by multiple candidates including independents for the first time, which is likely to fragment the vote and could help a candidate win with less than a third support, a change that could favor either Lopez Obrador or the ruling party. Pena Nieto is barred by law from seeking a second term. ",1
14311,Sound in Atlantic not from missing Argentine submarine: navy spokesman,"MAR DEL PLATA, Argentina/BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - A sound detected on Monday in the South Atlantic, near where an Argentine navy submarine with 44 crew went missing five days ago, is not believed to have come from the ill-fated vessel, a navy spokesman said. The sound detected by probes initially raised hopes that crew members aboard the ARA San Juan submarine, which disappeared after reporting an electrical malfunction, may have been intentionally making noise to attract rescuers. But an analysis by Argentine authorities, on the fourth day of a search-and-rescue mission, showed that it was highly unlikely it had come from the German-built submarine, navy spokesman Enrique Balbi told reporters in Buenos Aires.  It does not correspond to a pattern that would be consistent with bangs against the walls in morse code,  Balbi said. He described whatever had been detected as  a continuous, constant sound.  The disappointment followed another letdown earlier in the day, when the navy said satellite calls detected over the weekend did not in fact come from the vessel. (tmsnrt.rs/2zQ8HGZ) The vessel reported an electrical problem and was headed back to its base in the port of Mar del Plata when it disappeared on Wednesday, the navy said. Storms have complicated search efforts as relatives wait anxiously.     More than a dozen boats and aircraft from Argentina, the United States, Britain, Chile and Brazil have joined the search effort. Authorities have mainly been scanning the sea from the sky, as storms have made it difficult for boats. The navy said on Monday night that two boats belonging to French oil company Total SA, which has offshore operations in Argentina, arrived at the Patagonian port of Comodoro Rivadavia to transport rescue equipment the U.S. Navy brought to the country, including a remote-operated vehicle, a mini-submarine, and a submarine rescue chamber.  Gabriel Galeazzi, a naval commander, told reporters that the submarine had come up from the depths and reported the unspecified electrical malfunction before it disappeared nearly 300 miles off the coast.  The submarine surfaced and reported a malfunction, which is why its ground command ordered it to return to its naval base at Mar del Plata,  he said. The malfunction did not necessarily cause an emergency, Galeazzi added. The craft was navigating normally, underwater, at a speed of five knots toward Mar del Plata when it was last heard from, he said.  A warship has a lot of backup systems, to allow it to move from one to another when there is a breakdown,  Galeazzi said. One of the crew is Argentina s first female submarine officer, Eliana Maria Krawczyk, 35, who joined the navy in 2004 and rose to become the master-at-arms aboard the ARA San Juan. The families of crew members have gathered at the Mar del Plata naval base awaiting news. They were joined on Monday by President Mauricio Macri.  We continue to deploy all available national and international resources,  to find the submarine, Macri said on Twitter. Intermittent satellite communications were detected on Saturday and the government had said they were likely to have come from the submarine. But the ARA San Juan sent its last signal on Wednesday, according to Balbi. The calls that were detected  did not correspond to the satellite phone of the submarine San Juan,  he said on Monday, adding that the craft had oxygen for seven days. After that, he said, it would have to surface or get near the surface to replenish air supply. The ARA San Juan was inaugurated in 1983, making it the newest of the three submarines in the navy s fleet. Built in Germany, it underwent maintenance in 2008 in Argentina. That maintenance included the replacement of its four diesel engines and its electric propeller engines, according to specialist publication Jane s Sentinel.      ",1
14312,"Trump declares North Korea state sponsor of terrorism, triggers sanctions","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump put North Korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism on Monday, a designation that allows the United States to impose more sanctions and risks inflaming tensions over Pyongyang s nuclear weapons and missile programs. The Republican president, who has traded personal insults with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un but has not ruled out talks, said the Treasury Department will announce additional sanctions against North Korea on Tuesday. The designation came a week after Trump returned from a 12-day, five-nation trip to Asia in which he made containing North Korea s nuclear ambitions a centerpiece of his discussions.  In addition to threatening the world by nuclear devastation, North Korea has repeatedly supported acts of international terrorism, including assassinations on foreign soil,  Trump told reporters at the White House.  This designation will impose further sanctions and penalties on North Korea and related persons and supports our maximum pressure campaign to isolate the murderous regime.  Trump, who has often criticized his predecessors  policies toward Pyongyang, said the designation should have been made  a long time ago.   North Korea is pursuing nuclear weapons and missile programs in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions and has made no secret of its plans to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. It has fired two missiles over Japan and on Sept. 3 fired its sixth and largest nuclear test. South Korea s spy agency said on Monday the North may conduct additional missile tests this year to improve its long-range missile technology and ramp up the threat against the United States. Experts say the designation will be largely symbolic as North Korea is already heavily sanctioned by the United States, a reality that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson seemed to acknowledged while saying it would help dissuade third parties from supporting Pyongyang.  The practical effects may be limited but hopefully we re closing off a few loopholes with this,  he told reporters. The United States has designated only three other countries - Iran, Sudan and Syria - as state sponsors of terrorism.  Some experts think North Korea does not meet the criteria for the designation, which requires evidence that a state has  repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism.  In his remarks, Trump remembered Otto Warmbier, the college student from Ohio who died in June shortly after his return from North Korea, where he was held for more than a year.  His death caused outrage in the United States and further inflamed tensions with Pyongyang.  A U.S. intelligence official who follows developments in North Korea expressed concern that Trump s move could backfire, especially given that the basis for the designation is arguable.  Speaking on condition of anonymity, the official said Kim could respond in a number of ways, including renewing missile or nuclear tests in  a very volatile environment.  The move also could undercut Trump s efforts to solicit greater Chinese cooperation in pressuring North Korea to halt its nuclear and ballistic missile tests, the official said. In any case, it will do little to open the way for U.S. dialogue with North Korea, which China - Pyongyang s main ally -  and others have been pushing for.  I don t see how this helps, and it might just be an important miscalculation,  said Robert Gallucci, the chief U.S. negotiator during the 1994 North Korean nuclear crisis. In February, plans for talks in the United States between former U.S. officials and North Korea were scrapped when the State Department denied a visa for a top envoy from Pyongyang after the murder of Kim s half brother, Kim Jong Nam, in Malaysia. North Korea was put on the U.S. terrorism sponsor list for the 1987 bombing of a Korean Air flight that killed all 115 people aboard. But the administration of former President George W. Bush, a Republican, removed Pyongyang in 2008 in exchange for progress in denuclearization talks. Some members of Congress had been pushing for years for North Korea to be put back on the list, but others questioned whether the reclusive regime met the criteria of actively sponsoring international terrorism. U.S. Representative Ed Royce, the Republican chairman of the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee, called the decision  an important step in our efforts to apply maximum diplomatic and financial pressure on Kim Jong Un.  Democratic Senator Edward Markey said the designation  ratchets up the rhetoric  but does nothing to hold North Korea  accountable for its weapons program. The designation could prove counterproductive, said Harry Kazianis, director of defense studies at the conservative Center for the National Interest.  Sadly, this action by the Trump administration just further cements a dangerous game of escalatory brinkmanship where neither side is giving the other any off-ramp,  he said. ",1
14313,Pinera aims for center in tight battle for Chile's top job,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Conservative billionaire Sebastian Pinera said he would court centrist s on Monday in a bid to regain ground in Chile s presidential election after a surprise surge by leftists in Sunday s first-round vote. Pinera faces a tight Dec. 17 runoff against center-left Alejandro Guillier and will also likely have to deal with opposition to his promised tax breaks in the next left-leaning Congress if he triumphs. A former president who ran Chile between 2010 and 2014, Pinera placed first with more than 36 percent of the vote, but his two main left-leaning rivals made a stronger-than-expected showing, garnering a combined 43 percent between them. And after Congressional elections that also took place on Sunday, left-of-center lawmakers will outnumber Pinera s Chile Vamos voting bloc in Congress, complicating his plans to cut the corporate tax rate and slash red tape in the top copper exporter. Markets that had priced in a new four-year term for Pinera sank on Monday. Chile s stock index took its biggest daily dive in six years and the peso currency suffered its sharpest depreciation since 2013.  It s going to be a tight and hard-fought election,  Pinera told foreign media on Monday in capital Santiago.  To boost his chances of winning, Pinera said he would tap some of the more popular lawmakers-elect in his bloc to help guide his campaign.  We re going to appeal to the center, to the kind of people who want moderation,  said Pinera.  We re going to listen with humility to what the majority of Chileans want.  On Monday night, the center-left Christian Democratic party endorsed Guillier  without conditions.  Its presidential candidate, Carolina Goic, who was the most moderate of those running to Pinera s left, garnered about 2 percent of the vote in Sunday s contest. According to the vote tally, many Chileans want change. A new leftist grouping, Frente Amplio, which has criticized Chile s model of free-market provision of services and promised to tax mining companies and the  super-rich , performed much better than expected. The bloc s presidential candidate, Beatriz Sanchez, secured 20 percent of votes in the field of eight, double the support predicted by pollster CEP. The block won its first senate seat and around 20 seats in the lower house of Congress. No single bloc will control Congress. A Pinera victory in December was no longer a sure thing, said election forecaster and political scientist Kenneth Bunker.  It s all up in the air right now,  Bunker said.  We were just dumbfounded when the results started to come in.  In another bad sign for Pinera, Chileans went to polls in bigger numbers than expected on Sunday. Analysts say a low voter turnout favors Pinera because his supporters tend to be better at showing up to vote. Chile, a country of 17 million people with a $250 billion economy, has been one of Latin America s most business-friendly and stable nations since its transition to democracy in 1990. Its economy slowed, however, to an average growth rate of 1.8 percent during outgoing President Michelle Bachelet s term, with lower copper prices dragging on government revenue. Guillier has promised to deepen Bachelet s policies, from expanded access to free university education to protections for striking unions, without departing from Chile s free-market economic model. He has a tricky task ahead to attract the support of Chile s wide-ranging left-of-center voters, in part because he is seen by many as a continuation of Bachelet s unpopular government. Having slammed Pinera as a  step backward  for Chile, Sanchez, a 46-year-old former radio journalist, could rally her  supporters to vote for Guillier, but likely in exchange for policy concessions.  If Mr Guillier wants us to vote for him, he s going to have to give in to Beatriz s proposals,  Sanchez supporter and salesman Hector Mino said. He cited Sanchez  plan to wipe out student debt and overhaul the public-private pension system to ensure bigger payouts as possible offerings. But a too-sharp left turn could push more centrist s to Pinera. As left-leaning blocs weighed possible alliances, far-right Jose Antonio Kast threw his weight behind Pinera. Kast won nearly 8 percent of votes and urged the Chileans who cast them to vote for Pinera in the runoff.  We re not going to demand anything in return,  said Kast, who defended deceased Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet during the campaign. ",1
14314,South Korea says U.S. designation of North Korea as terrorist sponsor to contribute to decentralization,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s foreign ministry said on Tuesday the United States  decision to put North Korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism is expected to contribute to the peaceful decentralization of the North. The announcement will not change the joint stance of South Korea and the United States in trying to bring North Korea to dialogue, the ministry said in a text message to reporters. ",1
14315,China pledges to be more open to providing information: China Daily,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Central and local governments will be more open to providing information to help the international community understand China, the official China Daily reported on Tuesday, citing a senior government official.  We should be open-minded to talk about our disadvantages calmly and conflicts with other countries frankly,  the paper quoted Jiang Jianguo, minister at the State Council Information Office, as saying.  Jiang said China should be more confident in discussing its political thought and the way it governs, and should also  not avoid talking about hot-button issues . China enforces strict controls over the media and the dissemination of information online. It has built a  Great Firewall  aimed at restricting overseas websites and is also cracking down on the use of virtual private networks used to circumvent censorship.  In a report published last week, the U.S. non-government organization Freedom House ranked China last when it comes to internet freedom, citing censorship targeting ethnic minorities, media and regular citizens. China has also imposed restrictions on academic publications, forcing them to block access to articles judged to be in violation of local regulations. However, local authorities have also been urged to improve the accuracy, speed and transparency of economic and environmental data as part of efforts to improve their performance, and China says it is also encouraging the media to hold local officials to account. ",1
14316,Beijing detains 18 after apartment fire: Xinhua,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Police in Beijing have detained 18 people following a fire that killed 19 people and injured another eight on Saturday evening, the state news agency Xinhua reported late on Monday. The fire took place in three-storey apartment block in Beijing s southern Daxing district. A large refrigeration facility had been under construction in the building s basement, and preliminary investigations suggested the fire may have started there, Xinhua said late on Monday. Seven managers at the apartment block had been detained, along with seven electricity workers and four construction workers at the facility. None of the workers were properly qualified, it added, citing police. Beijing s Communist Party chief Cai Qi has already ordered a city-wide safety check, which will last four 40 days. The official China Daily said the inspections would cover warehouses, factories, wholesale markets, large residential areas and public places like supermarkets and tourist spots.     ",1
14317,China supports Cambodia's crackdown on political opposition,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China supports Cambodia s efforts to protect political stability and believes it will smoothly hold elections next year, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his Cambodian counterpart, after the country s main opposition party was dissolved. The Supreme Court banned the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) last week at the request of Prime Minister Hun Sen s government in a move that prompted the United States to cut election funding and threaten more punitive steps. The European Union has also threatened action. The CNRP was banned after its leader, Kem Sokha, was arrested for alleged treason. The government says he sought to take power with American help. He rejects that allegation as politically motivated, to allow Hun Sen to extend his more than three decades in power in next year s general election. The United States has said that Cambodia s 2018 election  will not be legitimate, free or fair . Meeting on Monday on the sides of a Asia-Europe foreign ministers meeting in Myanmar, Wang told his Cambodian counterpart Prak Sokhon that China supported the government s actions.  China supports the Cambodian side s efforts to protect political stability and achieve economic development, and believes the Cambodian government can lead the people to deal with domestic and foreign challenges, and will smoothly hold elections next year, , China s Foreign Ministry said in a Tuesday statement. China has repeatedly expressed its support for Cambodia, making no criticism of the government led by Hun Sen, a former Khmer Rouge commander, who is one of Beijing s most important allies in Southeast Asia after more than three decades in power. ",1
14318,Panama illegal drug seizures set to hit record in 2017: officials,"PANAMA CITY (Reuters) - Panama is on track to hit a record level of illegal narcotics seizures this year after authorities over the weekend seized about 2 tonnes of cocaine near the Central American country s border with Colombia, officials said on Monday. The total drug confiscations in full-year 2017 are expected to surpass the previous annual record of 72 tonnes confiscated last year, Security Minister Alexis Bethancourt told reporters, adding that the uptick is due to better coordination among local law enforcement agencies as well as help from  friendly countries.  The weekend drug bust was made in the border province of Darien on a boat from Colombia, the national border agency SENAFRONT said at a press conference. Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela has previously complained that a peace deal between the Colombian government and the Marxist FARC rebel group has led to a spike in drug trafficking and violence in Panama. ",1
14319,Argentina's first female submarine officer on board missing vessel,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - One of the 44 crew members on board the Argentine submarine that is missing in the South Atlantic is Eliana Maria Krawczyk, who came from a landlocked province to become the country s first female submarine officer.    In a Facebook video posted in January by the Defense Ministry, Krawczyk discussed her experience of being the first woman in a traditionally male space. She said that she aspired to become the commander of a navy submarine one day.  If you think about being underwater, navigating, and being the only woman, it is strange, but at the same time it is exciting and very challenging,  she said in the video.  Any woman that wants to can do it.                   Krawczyk, 35, was born in the northeastern province of Misiones and joined the navy in 2004, after responding to an advertisement online. She rose to become the master-at-arms aboard the ARA San Juan, which went missing last week. She graduated from Argentina s submarine and diving school in 2012 as the first female officer and always loved her job working at sea, according to her sister Silvina Krawczyk.  It is like she was born for this,  Silvina told Reuters.  She really likes to do what she does in the navy.  Hopes of discovering the ARA San Juan received a setback on Monday when the navy confirmed that failed satellite calls traced to the area on Saturday did not come from the submarine.  With rough seas and high winds hampering the search for the 34-year-old vessel, a navy spokesman said the German-built submarine had surfaced and reported an electrical problem before it disappeared 268 miles (432 km) off the coast.  They are working very hard to find them,  said Silvina Krawczyk who, like many relatives of the missing crew members, was camped out at a naval base in the coastal city of Mar del Plata, awaiting updates on the search and rescue mission.  Besides just the faith one has to maintain in these situations, I truly trust that they are going to find them,   Silvina said. The pioneering submariner had been aboard the ARA San Juan - the newest of the three operated by the Argentine navy - when it made the same trip from Ushuaia, the southernmost city in the world, to Mar del Plata last year without incident, her sister said.  The voyage normally takes around a week, but modest delays due to poor weather are not uncommon. The submarine left Ushuaia on Nov. 13.   It is the first time that something like this has happened,  said Silvina, who herself is a machinist in Argentina s Merchant Marines. At the entrance to the Mar del Plata base, locals hung signs with messages in support of the crew members and their families on a chain-link fence.  Strength for Argentina. We trust in God. We are waiting for you,  read one inscribed on a celestial blue-and-white Argentine flag hanging on the fence.     ",1
14320,Sounds detected not from missing Argentine submarine: navy spokesman,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Sounds detected by probes searching for a missing Argentine submarine in the South Atlantic on Monday did not come from the vessel, navy spokesman Enrique Balbi told reporters.  The finding dashed hopes that the search and rescue operation was zeroing in on the ARA San Juan, which was carrying 44 crew and gave its last signal five days ago after earlier reporting an electric malfunction. ",1
14321,Tillerson says North Korea designation aimed at third parties,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Monday that the move to designate North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism will help dissuade third parties from supporting Pyongyang.  The practical effect of it is ... it may though disrupt, and dissuade some third parties from undertaking certain activities with North Korea, as it does impose prohibition on a number of other activities that may not be covered by existing sanctions,  Tillerson told a White House briefing. ",1
14322,Japan PM welcomes U.S. designation of North Korea as sponsor of terrorism: Kyodo,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday welcomed U.S. President Donald Trump s move to put North Korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism, saying it would ramp up pressure on Pyongyang, Kyodo News reported. The designation, announced Monday, allows the United States to impose more sanctions on Pyongyang, which is pursuing nuclear weapons and missile programmes in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions.  I welcome and support (the designation) as it raises the pressure on North Korea,  Abe told reporters, according to Kyodo. ",1
14323,May meets senior ministers to discuss Brexit divorce bill offer,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May met with senior members of her ministerial team on Monday to discuss their response to European Union demands for more detail on how much Britain is willing to pay as part of its Brexit divorce package. The EU told May on Friday that there was more work to be done to unlock the Brexit talks, repeating its early December deadline for her to flesh out Britain s opening offer on the financial settlement   thought to be worth around 20 billion euros ( 17.72 billion). May met with ministers amid expectations that she will offer the EU more than she committed to during a speech in Florence in September which failed to provide a meaningful breakthrough in the stalled negotiations. Despite growing pressure from businesses to show she can drive talks onto the subject of future trading relations with the EU, May s office gave little away as to the conclusions of Monday s meeting.  It remains our position that nothing s agreed until everything s agreed in negotiations with the EU,  a source from May s office said.  As the Prime Minister said this morning, the UK and the EU should step forward together.  Media reports said the ministers had agreed to make an offer which would increase the value of May s existing commitment but  gave no specific details. The BBC reported that no specific amounts had been discussed during the meeting. May has repeatedly signalled that she will increase an initial offer that is thought to be worth about a third of what Brussels wants. But, wary of the need to keep the peace in her Conservative Party, which has a powerful faction insisting Britain should be paying the minimum possible to the EU and using the cash offer to leverage better exit terms, May has avoided publicly discussing any figure. Instead, she has said Britain will meet its financial obligations to the bloc   a commitment which remains wide open to interpretation.  Finance minister Philip Hammond said on Sunday that the government would submit its proposal to the EU before a Dec. 14-15 summit.  He warned Britain would be prepared to negotiate hard over the bill, acknowledging differences of opinion with the EU on the value of liabilities, and whether Britain was even liable at all for some elements of the total amount mooted by Brussels.  ",1
14324,Televisa exec shot dead outside Mexico City while riding bike,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Adolfo Lagos, the head of struggling Mexican broadcaster Grupo Televisa s telecoms unit izzi, was shot dead on Sunday on the outskirts of Mexico City, the state attorney general s office said in a statement. The attorney general s office for the State of Mexico, which surrounds the capital, said it was investigating the homicide near the ancient Teotihuacan pyramids. It said Lagos was on a bicycle when he was shot. He died in hospital from his wounds.  Press reports said Lagos died after group of men tried to steal his bike. In his Twitter profile photo, Lagos is shown riding a bike. The attorney general s office could not immediately be reached for comment.   Grupo Televisa profoundly laments the death of izzi Director Adolfo Lagos Espinosa that took place in the State of Mexico. Our condolences to his wife, daughters and family members,  the company wrote on Twitter. izzi offers phone, internet and cable television services. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto took to Twitter to offer his condolences, saying that the federal attorney general s office would help state prosecutors investigate. The death of Lagos, a well-known former banker, is a fresh pain for Televisa, which is struggling with declining ad sales and tough competition from the widespread move to online video. The company s longtime chief executive will step down next year, the company said last month, and Televisa has also faced U.S. allegations that it was among media companies that paid bribes to secure television rights for soccer matches. The testimony came during the first trial to emerge from the U.S. investigation of bribery surrounding FIFA, soccer s world governing body. ",1
14325,U.S. Navy rolls out new measures after deadly Asia-Pacific crashes,"PATTAYA, Thailand (Reuters) - The U.S. Navy has introduced new measures aimed at avoiding a repeat of two deadly crashes in the Asia Pacific region involving its warships and commercial vessels following a review of its practices, the Seventh Fleet commander said on Monday.     Vice Admiral Phillip Sawyer s comments come after a U.S. guided-missile destroyer was slightly damaged at the weekend when a Japanese tug drifted into it during a towing exercise off central Japan, the latest incident in the Pacific this year involving ships from the fleet. The U.S. Navy announced a series of reforms this month aimed at restoring basic naval skills and alertness at sea after a review of deadly collisions in the Asia-Pacific region showed sailors were under-trained and over-worked. Two of the incidents - collisions with commercial vessels involving guided-missile destroyers, the Fitzgerald in June off Japan and then the John S. McCain in August as it approached Singapore - have left a total of 17 sailors dead. The crashes were caused by preventable errors by the sailors on board the ships, Navy investigations showed. Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of an international fleet review in the Thai seaside town of Pattaya, Sawyer said the Navy made  circadian rhythm  sleep guidelines a requirement and a new group, the Naval Surface Group Western Pacific, has been training officers at the fleet s headquarters in Yokosuka, south of Tokyo, Japan.  This is a team that is now in Yokosuka and they re charged with doing the man, train, equip aspect of our operations with surface ships,  Sawyer told reporters.  The second thing we have done is Automatic Identification System and that s a system onboard ships that puts out signal and it tells whoever is receiving that signal the course, speed and identification of the ship,  he said.  The third thing is that we are working on the circadian rhythm onboard the ships  to make the sailors more alert. Sawyer took command of the U.S. force in August after the Navy removed the fleet s previous commander, Vice Admiral Joseph Aucoin, following a series of collisions. The U.S. Seventh Fleet operates in the largest of the U.S. Navy s numbered fleets. It oversees about 70-80 ships and submarines at any given time in the region.  The fleet operates over an area of 124 million square km (48 million square miles) from bases in Japan, South Korea and Singapore. ",1
14326,Liberia electoral commission says fraud claims lack evidence,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberia s electoral commission said on Monday that claims of fraud brought by a presidential candidate in last month s election did not have sufficient evidence, delivering a preliminary conclusion of an investigation.  According to the hearing officer, the Liberty Party did not have sufficient evidence to prove their case. It was denied,  commission spokesman Prince Dunbar said by telephone. ",1
14327,Egypt's Sisi to meet Lebanon's Hariri on Tuesday - Egypt presidency,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi will meet Saad al-Hariri, who announced his resignation as Lebanese prime minister on Nov. 4, on Tuesday evening, the presidency said on Monday.  Sisi and Hariri s meeting will address the  latest developments in the region and developments of the Lebanon situation,  a statement from Egypt s presidency said.  Hariri has since Saturday been in Paris, where he met French President Emmanuel Macron. He has said he will return to Lebanon by Wednesday for the country s Independence Day celebrations. Lebanese President Michel Aoun has said he will not accept Hariri s resignation until it is delivered in person and all sides in Beirut have called for his speedy return. The resignation sparked a political crisis in Lebanon and put it on the front line of a regional power struggle between Saudi Arabia and Iran. Hariri criticised Iran and its ally Hezbollah, which is in Lebanon s coalition government, in his resignation.   ",1
14328,USA's Tillerson and Saudi crown prince discuss terrorism by phone,"RIYADH (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman on Monday to discuss regional security, Saudi state news agency SPA reported. The two discussed  ways to combat terrorism  and  coordination of efforts to reinforce security and the stability of the region,  according to the report. ",1
14329,Head of Syrian opposition's HNC resigns: statement,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The head of the Syrian opposition s High Negotiations Committee (HNC) resigned on Monday, nearly two years after he was picked to chair the Saudi-backed umbrella group that brings together the armed and political opposition to President Bashar al-Assad. Riyad Hijab, a former Syrian prime minister under Assad, did not explain his reasons for stepping down in a statement posted on social media. The HNC has been the main representative of the Syrian opposition since its formation at a meeting in Saudi Arabia in December, 2015, and has taken part in U.N.-led diplomacy aimed at ending the conflict that erupted in 2011. The war has been going Assad s way since Russia sent its air force to support him militarily in 2015. The Damascus government has been steadily regaining control of territory, thanks also to the support of Iran-backed forces such as Lebanon s Hezbollah. Saudi Arabia is due to host an  expanded  conference for the Syrian opposition this month, aiming to unify its position ahead of more U.N.-backed peace talks, the Saudi state news agency SPA reported last week. Previous rounds of Geneva peace talks have failed to make headway towards a resolution of the war.      ",1
14330,"Russia's Putin, Qatari Emir discuss Syria by phone: Kremlin","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir and Qatar s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani discussed the situation in Syria and problems in the Middle East by phone on Monday, the Kremlin said. The two men noted successes in the fight against  terrorist groups  in Syria and prospects for a political solution to the crisis there, the Kremlin said. ",1
14331,Lebanon's Hezbollah denies sending weapons to Yemen,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The leader of Lebanon s Hezbollah said on Monday his Iran-backed group had not sent any weapons to Yemen and denied that it was behind the firing of a ballistic missile at Riyadh from Yemeni territory held by Tehran-allied Houthi forces.      In a televised address, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah also urged followers to listen to recent comments by Israeli officials which he said pointed to ties between Saudi Arabia and Israel, Hezbollah s arch foe. An Israeli cabinet minister said this week that Israel has had covert contacts with Riyadh amid common concerns over Iran, a first disclosure by a senior official from either country of long-rumoured secret dealings. Nasrallah also heaped criticism on Arab states that accused Hezbollah of terrorism at an emergency Arab League meeting on Sunday. He called the charge  trivial and ridiculous , asking why Arab states were silent about what he described as the destructive war a Saudi-led coalition has waged in Yemen.  I confirm to them, no ballistic missiles, no advanced weapons, and no guns ... we did not send weapons to Yemen,  or Bahrain, or Kuwait, or Iraq, he said.  Hezbollah had however sent arms to Palestinian territories, including anti-tank missiles, Nasrallah said.  I take pride in that. And in Syria there are the weapons we are fighting with,  he said.  Regional tensions have risen in recent weeks between Sunni Muslim monarchy Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran, whose rivalry has wrought upheaval in Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Bahrain.      Arab League foreign ministers held an emergency meeting on Sunday at the request of Saudi Arabia to discuss ways to confront Iran and Hezbollah over their role in the region.  Saudi Arabia has accused the heavily armed Shi ite Hezbollah of helping Houthi rebels in Yemen and playing a role in the ballistic missile attack this month. Riyadh has been bogged down in the war it launched against the Houthis in Yemen in 2015.   I categorically deny it,  Nasrallah said.  No man from Lebanese Hezbollah had any part in the firing of this missile or any missiles fired previously.   Lebanon was thrust back to the forefront of the power struggle between Riyadh and Tehran after its prime minister quit abruptly in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia this month. In his shock resignation speech, Saad al-Hariri accused Iran and Hezbollah of  sowing strife  in the region.  Lebanese state officials and politicians close to Hariri say he was held in Riyadh against his will and forced to resign, which Riyadh and Hariri denied. Lebanese President Michel Aoun has refused to accept the resignation until Hariri comes home. A long-time Saudi ally and Sunni leader, Hariri flew to France at the weekend and is expected to return to Beirut in time for independence day celebrations on Wednesday.  We are all waiting for the return of the prime minister, whom we still consider has not resigned,  Nasrallah said.  When he comes, we will see. We are open to any dialogue and any discussion that happens in the country.  Hariri took office last year in a power-sharing deal that saw Aoun, a Hezbollah political ally, become president. His coalition government includes Hezbollah, a military and political movement that wields great influence in Lebanon.     Hezbollah has sent thousands of fighters to Syria to support the Damascus government against mostly Sunni Syrian rebel factions, some of whom have received Saudi aid, and Islamic State militants. Nasrallah also thanked Major-General Qassem Soleimani for what he described as his huge role in fighting Islamic State in the eastern Syrian town of Albu Kamal. Soleimani, commander of foreign operations for Iran s Revolutionary Guards, led the battle from the frontlines from the very beginning, he said.   The battle must continue with the same strength ... and we must continue working to end the remnants of Daesh,  he said, using the Arabic acronym for Islamic State. Hezbollah could withdraw its large number of commanders from Iraq once Islamic State was defeated there, he said.          ",1
14332,DUP says Northern Ireland will leave EU on same terms as rest of UK,"BELFAST (Reuters) - The head of the Democratic Unionist Party said on Monday Northern Ireland would leave the EU on the same terms as the rest of the United Kingdom, rebuffing a suggestion from the bloc that the region remain subject to some of its rules.  Brussels has said it will not move to the second phase of Brexit talks with Britain until London provides additional detail of how it will guarantee that there be no hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland.  Chief EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier on Monday asked the British government to detail what specific EU rules it would retain in Northern Ireland to ensure regulatory equivalence between the region and the Irish Republic and thus avoid the need for a hard border. But the head of the DUP, whose votes the government of British Prime Minister Theresa May is dependent on to pass legislation, repeated her rejection of the suggestion on Monday, saying she would not create barriers to business with the rest of the United Kingdom to allow smooth trade with Ireland.   Northern Ireland will exit the EU on the same terms as the rest of the United Kingdom,  Arlene Foster said in a statement ahead of a meeting with May on Tuesday morning.   We will not countenance a border in the Irish Sea. I welcome the Prime Minister s commitment on this.   The EU has said the UK needs to come forward with concrete proposals on the Irish border and on what past financial commitments it will honor by early December if EU leaders are to declare at their Dec. 14-15 summit that enough has been achieved to start talks on a transition period and a trade deal. Britain is scheduled to leave the bloc in March 2019. Foster said the EU s stance on Northern Ireland amounted to blackmail.  Those in Dublin and Brussels, recklessly trying to use Northern Ireland for their own objectives, should cease,  she said in the statement.  The Prime Minister should warn Brussels that Northern Ireland must not be used as blackmail. ",1
14333,"U.S., Afghan forces strike opium factories to curb Taliban funds","KABUL (Reuters) - U.S. and Afghan forces have launched joint attacks on Taliban opium factories to try to curb the insurgent group s economic lifeline, officials from both countries said on Monday. U.S. Army General John Nicholson showed videos at a press conference of targeted aerial strikes against what he described as Taliban drug factories.  Last night we conducted strikes in northern Helmand to hit the Taliban where it hurts, in their narcotics financing,  said Nicholson, flanked by Afghan Army Lieutenant General Mohammad Sharif Yaftali. The southern province of Helmand suffers heavy fighting and is the single-largest producer of opium. Opium production in Afghanistan reached record highs this year, up 87 percent on last year, the United Nations said last week. The U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) said output of opium made from poppy seeds in Afghanistan, the world s main source of heroin, stands at around 9,000 metric tons this year. UNODC has warned in the past that Kabul s weakening grip on security was contributing to a collapse in eradication efforts. Nearly half of Afghan opium is processed, or refined into morphine or heroin, before it is trafficked out of the country, according to U.S. and Afghan officials.  We re determined to tackle criminal economy and narcotics trafficking with full force,  said Afghan President Ashraf Ghani on Twitter. Nicholson said the attacks were part of U.S. President Donald Trump s new policy toward Afghanistan as he boosts troop numbers. The four-star general showed one video of an F-22 fighter jet dropping 250-pound bombs on two buildings, emphasizing that a nearby third building was left unscathed. U.S. troops have long been accused of causing unnecessary collateral damage and civilian deaths. The United States says it takes every precaution to avoid civilian casualties. The United Nations said at least 10 civilians may have been killed by a strike in Kunduz earlier this month, contradicting a U.S. investigation that found no civilian deaths. ",1
14334,Zimbabwe's Mugabe in contact with ousted vice president,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s top general said on Monday talks were planned between President Robert Mugabe and former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa, whose sacking by the 93-year-old leader two weeks ago triggered a coup. General Constantino Chiwenga, head of the armed forces and leader of the takeover codenamed  Operation Restore Legacy , told a media conference he was encouraged by contact between the two men and Mnangagwa would be back in the country soon.  Thereafter, the nation will be advised on the outcome of talks between the two,  he said, reading from a statement. Earlier, Zimbabwe s ruling ZANU-PF resolved to bring a motion in parliament on Tuesday to impeach Mugabe, after a noon deadline expired for the besieged leader to resign and bring the curtain down on nearly four decades in power. Impeachment could see Mugabe kicked out in days and would be an ignominious end to the career of the  Grand Old Man  of African politics, once lauded as an anti-colonial hero. In the draft motion, the party accused Mugabe of being a  source of instability , flouting the rule of law and presiding over an  unprecedented economic tailspin  in the last 15 years. It also said he had abused his constitutional mandate to favor his unpopular wife Grace, 52, whose tilt at power triggered the backlash from the army that brought tanks onto the streets of the capital last week. Mnangagwa s removal was meant to boost her chances of succeeding her husband. On paper, the impeachment process is long-winded, involving a joint sitting of the Senate and National Assembly, then a nine-member committee of senators, then another joint sitting to confirm his dismissal with a two-thirds majority. However, constitutional experts said ZANU-PF, in revolt against Mugabe, could push it through quickly.  They can fast-track it. It can be done in a matter of a day,  said John Makamure, executive director of the Southern African Parliamentary Support Trust. Mugabe s demise, now apparently inevitable, is likely to send shockwaves across Africa. A number of entrenched strongmen, from Uganda s Yoweri Museveni to Democratic Republic of Congo s Joseph Kabila, are facing mounting pressure to step aside. Mugabe was once admired as the  Thinking Man s Guerrilla , a world away from his image in his latter years as a dictator who proudly declared he held a  degree in violence . As the economy crumbled and opposition to his rule grew in the late 1990s, Mugabe tightened his grip in the southern African country of 16 million, seizing white-owned farms, unleashing security forces to crush dissent and speaking of ruling until he was 100. ZANU-PF s action follows a weekend of high drama in Harare that culminated in reports Mugabe had agreed to stand down - only for him to dash the hopes of millions of his countrymen in a bizarre and rambling national address on Sunday night. Flanked by the generals who sent in troops last week to seize the state broadcaster, Mugabe spoke of the need for national unity and farming reform, but made no mention of his own fate.  I am baffled. It s not just me, it s the whole nation,  shocked opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai told Reuters.  He s playing a game.  Two senior government sources told Reuters Mugabe had agreed on Sunday to step aside and CNN said on Monday his resignation letter had been drawn up, with terms that included immunity for him and Grace. Two other political sources told Reuters on Monday Mugabe had indeed agreed to resign but ZANU-PF did not want him to quit in front of the military, an act that would have made its  intervention last week look more like a coup. Another political source said Mugabe s opponents had hoped his televised speech would  sanitize  the military s action, which has paved the way for Mnangagwa, a former security chief known as The Crocodile, to take over. Moments after the address, war veterans  leader Chris Mutsvangwa, called for a wave of protests if Mugabe refused to go. In London, a spokesman for British Prime Minister Theresa May said Mugabe had clearly lost the support of his people. Since last week, Mugabe has been confined to his lavish  Blue Roof  residence in Harare, apart from two trips to State House to meet the generals and one to a university graduation ceremony at which he appeared to fall asleep. Grace and at least two senior members of her  G40  political faction are believed to be holed up in the same compound. On Saturday, hundreds of thousands took to the streets of  Harare to celebrate Mugabe s expected downfall and hail a new era for their country, whose economy has imploded under the weight of economic mismangement. Inflation reached 500 billion percent in 2008. An estimated 3 million Zimbabweans have emigrated to neighboring South Africa in search of a better life. The huge crowds on the streets have given a quasi-democratic veneer to the army s intervention. Behind the euphoria, however, some Zimbabweans have misgivings.   The real danger of the current situation is that, having got their new preferred candidate into State House, the military will want to keep him or her there, no matter what the electorate wills,  former education minister David Coltart said. Others worry about Mnangagwa s past, particularly as state security chief in the early 1980s, when an estimated 20,000 people were killed in the so-called Gukurahundi crackdown by the North Korean-trained Fifth Brigade in Matabeleland. He has denied any wrongdoing but critics say Zimbabwe risks swapping one army-backed autocrat for another.  The deep state that engineered this change of leadership will remain, thwarting any real democratic reform,  said Miles Tendi, a Zimbabwean academic at Oxford University. ",1
14335,"U.S. sanctions individuals, entities for Iran-linked counterfeiting","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury Department on Monday sanctioned a network of individuals and companies it said counterfeited Yemeni bank notes potentially worth hundreds of millions of dollars for Iran Revolutionary Guard s Qods Force. The network circumvented European export restrictions in order to provide the counterfeiting supplies and equipment, according to a Treasury statement.  President Donald Trump last month declared Iran s Revolutionary Guard a supporter of terrorism and authorized Treasury to impose tough sanctions limiting its access to goods and funding.  Republican Trump has been critical of the 2015 agreement his predecessor, former President Barack Obama, a Democrat, reached with Iran and said the United States must take stronger steps to ensure the country does not acquire nuclear weapons. The counterfeiting scheme exposed the  deep levels of deception  that the Qods Force, a Revolutionary Guard unit carrying out missions outside the country, employs  against companies in Europe, governments in the Gulf, and the rest of the world to support its destabilizing activities,  said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. According to Treasury, Pardavesh Tasvir Rayan Co. is a printing operation controlled by businessman Reza Heidari and owned by Tejarat Almas Mobin Holding that procured equipment and materials to print counterfeit Yemeni rial bank notes.  Qods Force used the currency to support its activities. Heidari used front companies and other methods to keep European suppliers in the dark about their ultimate customer. He coordinated with Mahmoud Seif, Tejarat s managing director, on the logistics of procuring materials and moving them into Iran, Treasury said. Treasury sanctioned both men and both companies, as well as ForEnt Technik GmbH, which Heidari owns, and Printing Trade Center GmbH for serving as front companies in the operation. ",1
14336,Zimbabwe's Mugabe in talks with ousted vice president: army chief,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s top general said on Monday he was encouraged by contact between President Robert Mugabe and former vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa, whose sacking two weeks ago triggered a coup.  In remarks made on the state broadcaster, General Constantino Chiwenga said Mnangagwa would be back in the country soon and hold talks with Mugabe, adding that the army was confident its intervention code named  Operation Restore Legacy  was progressing well. ",1
14337,"Like Zimbabwe, South Africa needs leadership change: ANC official","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s ruling African National Congress (ANC) should get President Jacob Zuma to stand down as head of state after a party conference next month because like Zimbabwe the country urgently needs a change of leader, a senior ANC official said. The ANC has been dogged by infighting for much of this year as a series of corruption scandals have tarnished its image ahead of the December conference at which it will elect Zuma s successor. The party is split between factions backing Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, a former minister and ex-wife of Zuma, and Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa for the ANC s top job. ANC chief whip Jackson Mthembu told Reuters that whoever the party chooses next month, the incoming leadership should tell Zuma to go to allow the ANC to clean up its act.   You can t keep him there,  he said. Mthembu said the ANC could learn from what was happening in Zimbabwe, where the ruling ZANU-PF party is pushing for President Robert Mugabe to leave his post.  In Zimbabwe they call that bloodless corrections ... We need to make the corrections immediately after the conference. How do you effect those corrections in government when the same person who might have contributed to a better degree still sits?  Mthembu asked. Mthembu is in the camp that backs Ramaphosa for ANC president and said it was important for the ANC to regain the trust of South African people after news reports that the Gupta brothers, business friends close to Zuma, had influenced government appointments and secured contracts from state firms. Both Zuma and the Guptas deny any wrongdoing. Zuma s second term as president expires in 2019, but he could be forced out as head of state by the ANC s new leadership before his term ends, as was the case with former president Thabo Mbeki.  In May the ANC said its executive committee backed Zuma after calls for him to resign, and in August Zuma survived a no-confidence motion in parliament. Zuma still has strong support in the party, including from the influential women s and youth leagues as well as in rural areas, where several tribal chiefs back the traditionalist leader. The ANC has seen its electoral majority shrink over recent years, and some analysts predict it could lose the 2019 election. Until recently that was unthinkable for a party that has led comfortably since sweeping to power under Nelson Mandela at the end of apartheid in 1994. Mthembu said if the ANC failed to emerge from its December conference with a new image it was  doomed .  It s us who got South Africa into this mess by electing Zuma to be president. We should have looked closely into the man. With hindsight we made a terrible error of judgment,  he said. ",1
14338,Defiant Hun Sen tells U.S. to cut all aid to Cambodia,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen challenged the United States on Sunday to cut all aid after it announced it was ending funding for a general election next year in response to the dissolution of the main opposition party, media reported. Hun Sen, the strongman who has ruled Cambodia for more than three decades, has taken a strident anti-American line in an increasingly tense run-up to a 2018 election that has included a crackdown on critics, rights groups and independent media. The United States announced on Friday it was ending funding for the election, and promised more  concrete steps , after the Supreme Court dissolved the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) at the request of the government, on the grounds it was plotting to seize power. The party denied the accusation. The pro-government Fresh News website reported that Hun Sen said in a speech to garment workers that he welcomed the U.S. aid cut and urged it cut it all.  Samdech Techo Hun Sen confirmed that cutting U.S. aid won t  kill the government but will only kill a group of people who serve American policies,  Fresh News reported, using Hun Sen s official title.  It did not identify the people suspected of serving U.S. policies but added:  Hun Sen ... welcomes and encourages the U.S. to cut all aid.  The U.S. embassy in Phnom Penh did not respond to a request for comment. In April, the U.S. embassy announced a $1.8 million grant to assist local elections this year and next year s general election. The U.S. State Department said on its website that U.S. assistance to Cambodia for programs in health, education, governance, economic growth and clearing unexploded ordnance was worth more than $77.6 million in 2014. However, Chinese support for big ticket projects has allowed Hun Sen to brush off Western criticism of his crackdown on dissent. China vastly outspends the United States in a country once destroyed by Cold War superpower rivalry, and its money goes on highly visible infrastructure projects and with no demands for political reform. In September, authorities arrested the CNRP leader, Kem Sokha, and charged him with treason over what they said was a plot to take power with U.S. help. He denied any such plot. The U.S. State Department called on Friday for Cambodia to release him and reverse the decision to ban his party. The court also banned 118 party members from politics for five years. Police have begun to take down CNRP signs from their offices across the country. Mu Sochua, a senior CNRP member who moved abroad shortly before the party was banned, said Hun Sen was jeopardizing foreign investment.  Foreign investors serious about investing in Cambodia won t be coming and are, or will be, looking at an exit if they can t compete with China s monopoly in Cambodia because Hun Sen needs to pay back favors to China,  she said. Western countries, which for decades supported Cambodia s emergence from war and isolation, have shown little appetite for sanctions in response to the crackdown, but the European Union has raised the possibility of Cambodia losing trade preferences. Tariff-free access to Europe for Cambodian garments - and similar trade preferences in the United States - have helped Cambodia build a garment industry on low-cost labor. EU and U.S. buyers take some 60 percent of Cambodia s exports. ",1
14339,Saudi agency says country targeted in cyber spying campaign,"LONDON/RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabian security officials said on Monday that the country had been targeted as part of a wide-ranging cyber espionage campaign observed since February against five Middle East nations as well as several countries outside the region. The Saudi government s National Cyber Security Center (NCSC) said in a statement the kingdom had been hit by a hacking campaign bearing the technical hallmarks of an attack group dubbed  MuddyWater  by U.S. cyber firm Palo Alto Networks. Palo Alto s Unit 42 threat research unit published a report last Friday showing how a string of connected attacks this year used decoy documents with official-looking government logos to lure unsuspecting users from targeted organizations to download infected documents and compromise their computer networks. Documents pretending to be from the U.S. National Security Agency, Iraqi intelligence, Russian security firm Kaspersky and the Kurdistan regional government were among those used to trick victims, Unit 42 said in a blog post (goo.gl/SvwrXv). The Unit 42 researchers said the attacks had targeted organizations in Saudi Arabia, Iraq, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey and Israel, as well as entities outside the Middle East in Georgia, India, Pakistan and the United States.  The Saudi security agency said in its own statement that the attacks sought to steal data from computers using email phishing techniques targeting the credentials of specific users.  The NCSC said they also comprised so-called  watering hole  attacks, which seek to trick users to click on infected web links to seize control of their machines. The technical indicators supplied by Unit 42 are the same as those described by the NCSC as being involved in attacks against Saudi Arabia. The NCSC said the attacks appeared to be by an  advanced persistent threat  (APT) group - cyber jargon typically used to describe state-backed espionage.  Saudi Arabia has been the target of frequent cyber attacks, including the  Shamoon  virus, which cripples computers by wiping their disks and has hit both government ministries and petrochemical firms. Saudi Aramco, the world s largest oil company, was hit by an early version of the  Shamoon  virus in 2012, in the country s worst cyber attack to date. The NCSC declined further comment on the source of the attack or on which organizations or agencies were targeted. Unit 42 said it was unable to identify the attack group or its aims and did not have enough data to conclude that the MuddyWater group was behind the Saudi attacks as outlined by NCSC.  We cannot confirm that the NCSC posting and our MuddyWater research are in fact related,  Christopher Budd, a Unit 42 manager told Reuters.  There s just not enough information to make that connection with an appropriate level of certainty.  Palo Alto Networks said the files it had uncovered were almost identical to information-stealing documents disguised as Microsoft Word files and found to be targeting the Saudi government by security firm MalwareBytes in a September report. ",1
14340,U.S. general sets two-year goal for driving back Afghan Taliban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. general in Afghanistan said on Monday he believes he could help Afghan forces drive back the Taliban enough to control at least 80 percent of the country within two years, compared with about two-thirds today.  General John Nicholson, citing counter-insurgency doctrine, said gaining 80 percent control of the country would represent a turning point in the 16-year-old conflict, which has become the  longest U.S war.  This we believe is the critical mass necessary to drive the enemy to irrelevance, meaning they re living in these remote outlying areas, or they reconcile, or they die,  Nicholson told a Pentagon news briefing via video conference from Afghanistan. His remarks carried echoes of a U.S.-led strategy that began in 2009 and was accompanied by a massive surge in U.S. forces, which peaked in 2011 at more than 100,000 troops.  Many areas that were regained during U.S.-led operations eventually reverted to Taliban control when Western forces turned them over to the Afghans.   The U.S. military presence is just a fraction of its peak levels today. President Donald Trump sent an additional 3,000 troops to Afghanistan in recent weeks, bringing the total number of U.S. troops to about 14,000.  The Pentagon is also directing more and more intelligence assets and firepower to the country as gains against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria free up resources for Afghanistan. That has allowed for a major increase in U.S. air strikes, which Nicholson said reached their highest level this year since 2012. Still, Taliban control of the country remains roughly steady against last year, Nicholson acknowledged. As of August, 13 percent of the 407 districts in Afghanistan were under Taliban control or influence, compared with 11 percent in February, according to a report released last month by the U.S. government watchdog, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR). Many analysts, as well as current and former U.S. officials, believe that Afghanistan s war cannot be won militarily, particularly when the Taliban benefit from safe-havens in Pakistan. Trump has articulated a harder policy toward Pakistan in recent months, but U.S. officials say they have not yet seen a meaningful shift by Islamabad against insurgents using Pakistan as a hub for attacks in Afghanistan. The Afghan army also suffers from deep structural problems, including high casualty rates, rampant illiteracy, corruption and a frequent lack of tribal ties to areas where they are sent to fight.  Still, in Nicholson s view, getting Afghan forces to hold 80 percent of the country s population would leave the Taliban with less than 10 percent control.  Maybe the rest is contested,  he said. One way that Nicholson hopes to increase pressure on the Taliban is to curb their financing, and he showed videos to Pentagon reporters of U.S. strikes in recent days against Taliban opium factories. He cited estimates of between 400 and 500 opium factories in Afghanistan. Afghan opium production reached record highs this year, up 87 percent from last year, the United Nations said last week. The U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) said output of opium made from poppies in Afghanistan, the world s main source of heroin, stands at around 9,000 metric tons this year. ",1
14341,Zimbabwe minister Moyo's Twitter account hacked: family member,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - A relative of Zimbabwean minister Jonathan Moyo, purged from the ruling ZANU-PF party along with President Robert Mugabe, said on Monday that a tweet on his Twitter handle earlier saying that he was outside of the country was the work of a hacker.   While he remains safe, he is not the one who posted that,  the family member told Reuters, adding that Moyo remained in Zimbabwe. The tweet was subsequently deleted. ",1
14342,Detained Catalan government members say they accept Madrid's control,"MADRID (Reuters) - Two former members of the Catalan government held in custody over their roles in Catalonia s banned independence drive have asked to be released from custody after accepting Madrid s control of the region, according to appeals published on Monday. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy sacked the Catalan government and took control in October, hours after the Catalan parliament made a unilateral declaration of independence in a vote boycotted by the opposition and declared illegal by Spanish courts. Lawyers for Jordi Turull and Josep Rull have lodged requests with the High Court to be released, saying they had not shown any resistance to Rajoy instigating direct rule over Catalonia by activating Article 155 of the Spanish constitution. Six other ex-members of the Catalan government and the leaders of the two main pro-independence grassroots groups are also in jail awaiting trial at the High Court on charges of rebellion and sedition. Catalonia s independence movement has deeply divided Spain, dragging it into its worst political crisis since the return of democracy four decades ago and fuelling anti-Spanish sentiment in Catalonia and nationalist tendencies elsewhere. Rajoy has called a Dec. 21 election in Catalonia, which he hopes will lead to a unionist majority in the regional parliament. Separatist parties failed to agree to run on a united ticket, knocking their chances of retaining control.  In their requests to the court, Turull and Rull s lawyers  said there was no risk their clients would hide or alter or destroy evidence.  My client has accepted the application of Article 155 of the constitution by the Spanish Government,  they said. Earlier this month, Spain s Supreme Court released the Catalan parliament speaker Carme Forcadell on bail of 150,000 euros after she agreed to renounce any political activity that went against the Spanish constitution.  Ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont is in Belgium, and Spain has issued a European arrest warrant for him. He said a week ago he might consider a solution to the crisis that did not involve Catalonia s secession.  ",1
14343,Iraqi court rules Kurdish independence vote unconstitutional,"BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq s Supreme Federal Court ruled on Monday a Sept. 25 Kurdish independence referendum was unconstitutional and the results void, strengthening Baghdad s hand in a stand-off with the Kurdish region watched closely by neighboring Turkey and Iran. The Kurdistan Regional Government did not directly say whether it accepted the effective cancellation of the vote, but its new prime minister called for a third party to oversee talks between Iraq s central government and the Kurds. The KRG also called on the international community   including the United Nations, European Union and non-governmental organizations   to intervene and help lift what it called  restrictive  sanctions imposed by Baghdad in retaliation for the referendum.  Kurds voted overwhelmingly to break away from Iraq in the referendum, defying the central government in Baghdad and alarming neighboring Turkey and Iran who have their own Kurdish minorities.  The Federal Court issued the decision to consider the Kurdish region s referendum unconstitutional and this ruling is final,  a court spokesman said.  The power of this ruling should now cancel all the results of the referendum.  The court is responsible for settling disputes between Iraq s central government and its regions, including Kurdistan. The verdict is not subject to appeal. A statement from Iraq s Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said:  We call upon everybody to ... avoid taking any step which violates the constitution and law.  The court had ruled on Nov. 6 that no region or province can secede. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) said last week it would respect that verdict, signaling a new phase in efforts to restart negotiations over the region s future. The Iraqi government responded to the Kurdish independence referendum by seizing the Kurdish-held city of Kirkuk and other territory disputed between the Kurds and the central government. It also banned direct flights to Kurdistan and demanded control over border crossings. Long-serving Kurdish president Masoud Barzani stepped down over the affair and the regional government led by his nephew Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani has tried to negotiate an end to the confrontation. In a news conference following Monday s ruling, Nechirvan Barzani said the court s ruling was reached unilaterally, without input from KRG representatives, and called for a third party to oversee negotiations between Baghdad and the Kurds.      The rights of Kurds are enshrined in the (Iraqi) constitution and we seek the implementation of this constitution to resolve our issues with Baghdad,  Barzani told reporters, according to Kurdish Rudaw TV.  The constitution is one package and must be applied in its entirety, not selectively.  However, Barzani did not directly say whether Kurdish officials accepted the effective cancellation of the referendum. The KRG had previously offered only to freeze the results. The KRG later said its chief concern was the lifting of an embargo on international flights to the region, which it said hampered foreign investment as well as humanitarian efforts for the more than 1.5 million internally displaced people currently in the region.   We call on the international community to intercede in urging Baghdad authorities to lift the embargo, without condition, on international flights.    The restrictive policies adopted by Baghdad against Erbil are in violation of Iraq s obligations and responsibilities under international and humanitarian law,  the KRG said in a statement.  ",1
14344,Merkel sees no reason to resign; focused on building stable government,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday said she saw no reason to resign after the collapse of talks about a three-way coalition government, adding her conservative bloc would enter any new elections more unified than before. Merkel told German broadcaster ZDF she was ready to serve four more years as chancellor, and felt it was important to send a signal of stability for the country and Europe and the world. Asked about the possibility of another  grand coalition  with the Social Democrats, Merkel said she would wait to see the party s response after their talks with President Frank-Walter Steinmeier on Wednesday. But she said any demand for her to step down would not be a good way to start a new coalition. She said she was disappointed by the decision of the pro-business Free Democrats to pull out of the coalition talks, but did not expect the party to reverse course. ",1
14345,Face time with May: UK listens to bankers' Brexit worries,"LONDON (Reuters) - A few hours before Theresa May lost her second cabinet member in a week, the British prime minister found time amidst the crisis to meet one of the world s most powerful bankers. With May renowned for keeping finance chiefs at arm s length, some commercial rivals suspected special treatment in her willingness to sit down with Jamie Dimon, chief executive of U.S. investment bank JPMorgan.  Others, however, sense a subtle but significant change in the political climate with May listening more to the worries of an industry struggling to fathom out Britain s departure from the European Union. Her talks with Dimon on Nov. 8 raised eyebrows - and some hackles - around the City of London financial center.   It s a bit outrageous,  said a senior executive at one of Britain s top banks.  What other bank CEO is getting as much one-on-one face time with the prime minister? We certainly aren t.   From Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s to David Cameron last year, British prime ministers have traditionally held the door open for leaders of a finance industry that pays more than 70 billion pounds ($92 billion) in UK tax every year and employs more than a million Britons.  Not so May, who has appeared reluctant to meet bank executives. Still, Dimon secured the face-to-face talks between the abrupt departures of her defense and international development ministers which rocked the minority government. Shortly before last year s Brexit referendum, Dimon warned that 4,000 out of JPMorgan s 16,000 British jobs might have to move abroad to ensure the bank could continue selling services across the remaining nations of the EU. Dimon has since softened his tone, but the British bank executive asked whether the original estimate had won JPMorgan the access.  I don t know if it s because they ve threatened to move the most jobs - maybe we should say we re moving 4,000 too,  he said.  But something is afoot. Reuters has spoken to more than a dozen executives at large banks and government officials, with many saying May is showing greater willingness to press the City s cause in Brexit negotiations.  In return, the bankers are scaling back their plans to move jobs to rival financial centers such as Frankfurt, Paris and Dublin, at least during any transitional period after Britain leaves the EU in March 2019.  Britain and the EU have yet to begin discussing financial services at the Brexit talks, worrying bankers who fear the government has left it too late to negotiate a transition period or secure a good deal.   Our view is that the government frankly is in chaos,  said another senior executive at a U.S. bank.  We are really nervous.   However, May outlined to Dimon her vision for a transition period after Brexit day - March 29, 2019 - and a future trade deal with the EU, easing concerns that Britain may crash out of the world s biggest trading bloc without any agreement.  A JPMorgan spokeswoman expressed cautious optimism after the Downing Street talks.   While some uncertainty remains, we feel that the government understands the concerns of international firms such as ours, and the economy more broadly,  she said.  We were grateful for better clarity on the government s objectives in the Brexit negotiations.   A spokesman for the prime minister did not respond to requests for comment.  However, sources with knowledge of the meeting noted that she can make promises on her intentions for the Brexit talks but not on their outcome.  We got clarity on what they re looking for, not on how it will unfold,  said the source.  The bankers pressed their case for a period of adjustment to the post-Brexit financial services regime, rather than an abrupt change as soon as Britain leaves.   We re all looking for transition and a good future deal,  said the source.  In return, the JPMorgan team indicated there would be no major staff upheaval, at least on Brexit day.   They told her we will try to move as few people as possible on Day One. It will be a few hundred people and we will keep as many people as possible in the UK,  said another source.  For the banks, moving top London employees to the continent is expensive and unpopular with staff reluctant to uproot their families. But longer term, a significant number of jobs may still shift if a final deal is not to their liking.  As in a number of countries, banks have been deeply unpopular in Britain since the global financial crisis. But their leaders felt particularly unloved after May came to power last year and cooled what critics regarded as an overly cozy relationship between the government and big business.  May confined her contacts with bankers largely to round table gatherings such as at Davos in January, a meeting Dimon also attended. Some Wall Street bosses were left expressing frustration with a lack of detail on the Brexit process, and questioning May s commitment to protecting the finance industry The relationship remains measured. May was scheduled to make only a five minute courtesy appearance at the talks with Dimon, hosted by finance minister Philip Hammond. In the event she stayed a quarter of an hour.  Still, those who connect government and business have noticed a change.  Iain Anderson, executive chairman of public affairs company  Cicero, said a thaw began after the May lost her parliamentary majority in a June election and the government started asking companies for more input on the Brexit talks.      The mood has improved from last year when I don t think I have ever seen businesses as emotional and angry,  said Anderson, whose firm represents many FTSE 100 companies.  Government officials confirmed May s change of tack.  She is far more skeptical about engaging with business than her predecessors,  said one official, who declined to be named.  This created bitterness because people are getting less face time,  said the official, but added:  The situation has improved since the election.    Brexit minister David Davis, whose talks with chief EU negotiator Michel Barnier appear deadlocked, has led his own charm offensive in the past week or so.  Davis said on Tuesday the financial industry would be exempt from any curbs on immigration from the remaining EU countries. That is likely to contrast with tough new rules planned for arrivals of lower-skilled workers. In another speech, he emphasized the importance of an industry which accounts for about 12 percent of Britain s economic output.   When I sit round the negotiating table with Michel Barnier, or round the cabinet table with my colleagues, it s always with the importance of the City very much in my mind,  Davis said.    Only a year ago, he was accusing bankers of leading a  blame Brexit festival  and lying about the number of UK employees they would have to fire.     Davis had surprised executives in his initial meetings by telling them they would not get any special favors in the negotiations, according to people who attended.  The head of one of Britain s largest finance companies, who has met Davis several times in the last year, said the minister has accepted the damage to the wider economy if firms go overseas.   Davis has got the message,  the executive said. According to government officials, the atmosphere has improved since the banks scaled back their estimates of how many jobs will move to more realistic levels.   There has been an effort on both sides to improve the relationship,  he said.  ",1
14346,Zimbabwe's ruling party to launch Mugabe impeachment motion on Tuesday,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s ruling ZANU-PF on Monday officially notified President Robert Mugabe of his removal as party president and will on Tuesday table a motion to impeach him after a deadline it set for his resignation passed, spokesman Simon Moyo said. ZANU-PF on Sunday removed Mugabe, who has led the party since 1977 and been in power for 37 years. The party also fired his wife Grace, capping a dramatic week after the military seized power on Wednesday. ",1
14347,UK Brexit campaign probed over possible breach of campaign finance rules,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Electoral Commission has opened an investigation to establish whether Vote Leave Limited, the organization behind the official campaign to leave the European Union, breached campaign finance rules during the 2016 referendum campaign. The commission said on Monday its decision to open an investigation followed a review of previous assessments conducted in February in March, which had resulted in no further action being taken.  Since that time, new information has come to light which, when considered alongside the information obtained previously, has given the Commission reasonable grounds to suspect an offense may have been committed,  it said in a statement. ",1
14348,Greek island on strike in protest against becoming migrant 'prison',"ATHENS (Reuters) - Residents on the Greek island of Lesbos went on strike on Monday to protest against European policies they say have turned it into a  prison  for migrants and refugees. Islanders shut businesses, shops, municipal offices, nurseries and pharmacies and dozens rallied on a central square, calling on the government to transfer asylum-seekers to the mainland.   Lesbos is not a place of exile,  a banner read.  Just a few miles from Turkey s coast, Lesbos has borne the brunt of Europe s migrant crisis. In 2015, nearly a million people - most fleeing Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan - landed on its shores before heading north, mainly to Germany. It is now hosting some 8,500 asylum-seekers in facilities designed to hold fewer than 3,000.  Lesbos is not an open prison, nor will we allow anyone to view it as such,  Mayor Spyros Galinos was quoted as saying by the Athens News Agency. Thousands of asylum-seekers have become stranded on Lesbos and four other islands close to Turkey since the EU agreed a deal with Ankara in March 2016 to shut down the route through Greece. Some have been moved to camps on the mainland, but authorities say the terms of the agreement prevent asylum-seekers from traveling beyond the islands. Rights groups have described conditions in camps across Greece as deplorable and unfit for humans. On Lesbos, violence often breaks out over delays in asylum procedures and poor living standards.  The message (today) was that we can t take it any more,  Galinos said.  Lesbos is in a state of emergency.  ",1
14349,German president says all parties have duty to try to form government,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier said he expects all parties elected to parliament to be ready for talks to enable a government to be formed after talks on forging a new ruling coalition collapsed early on Monday.  All political parties elected to the German parliament have an obligation to the common interest to serve our country,  Steinmeier said in a statement he read out to media.  I expect from all a readiness to talk to make agreeing a government possible in the near future,  he added.  ",1
14350,Belarus KGB says Ukrainian journalist set up spy ring in Minsk,"MINSK (Reuters) - Belarus s KGB state security service said on Monday it had uncovered a spy ring working for the Ukrainian defence ministry that had been set up by a detained Ukrainian radio correspondent. Minsk-based journalist Pavlo Sharoyko was arrested in October and charged with being an undercover intelligence officer, KGB spokesman Dmitry Pobyarzhin said in a briefing.  In Belarus, Sharoyko built a network of agents made up of Belarussian citizens, who carried out his assignments for monetary compensation,  Pobyarzhin said. An adviser to the embassy in Minsk, Ukrainian Ihor Skvortsov, has been declared persona non grata - banned from the country - as he is believed to be Sharoyko s handler, Pobyarzhin said. The Ukrainian defence ministry denied the allegations against Sharoyko who it said had worked as a spokesman for the ministry before switching to journalism in 2009.  The information contained in the (KGB) statement is not true,  it said.  The Ukrainian foreign ministry declined immediate comment. Sharoyko and Skvortsov could not be reached for comment. The case could put further pressure on relations between Minsk and Kiev that were tested earlier this year when Belarus hosted large-scale joint military exercises with Russia. September s Zapad-2017 ( West-2017 ) war games unnerved Ukraine and NATO member states on Europe s eastern flank, which feared the exercises could be a rehearsal or cover for a real offensive.     ",1
14351,Iraq Kurds seek international help to lift sanctions imposed by Baghdad,"ERBIL (Reuters) - Iraq s Kurdistan Regional Government on Monday called on the international community to intervene and help lift sanctions imposed by the central government in Baghdad in retaliation for a September referendum on Kurdish independence.   The restrictive policies adopted by Baghdad against Erbil are in violation of Iraq s obligations and responsibilities under international and humanitarian law,  the KRG said in a statement.  We call on the international community to intercede in urging Baghdad authorities to lift the embargo, without condition, on international flights.  ",1
14352,Zimbabwe's Mugabe calls for cabinet meeting on Tuesday,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s President Robert Mugabe has called his cabinet for a meeting on Tuesday at his State House offices, the chief secretary to the president and cabinet said in a notice, the same day ruling party members plan to impeach him. This is the first time the ministers are set to meet for their routine weekly meeting with Mugabe since the military took power on Wednesday. Cabinet meetings are usually held at Munhumutapa Building in the center of town, but an armored vehicle and armed soldiers are camped outside the offices. ",1
14353,"North Korean women suffer discrimination, rape, malnutrition: U.N.","GENEVA (Reuters) - North Korean women are deprived of education and job opportunities and are often subjected to violence at home and sexual assault in the workplace, a U.N. human rights panel said on Monday. After a regular review of Pyongyang s record, the U.N. Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women also voiced concern at rape or mistreatment of women in detention especially those repatriated after fleeing abroad. North Korean women are  under-represented or disadvantaged  in tertiary education, the judiciary, security and police forces and leadership and managerial positions  in all non-traditional areas of work , the panel of independent experts said.  The main issue is first of all the lack of information. We have no access to a large part of laws, elements and information on national machinery,  Nicole Ameline, panel member, told Reuters.  We have asked a lot of questions.  North Korea told the panel on Nov. 8 that it was working to uphold women s rights and gender equality but that sanctions imposed by major powers over its nuclear and missile programs were taking a toll on vulnerable mothers and children. Domestic violence is prevalent and there is  very limited awareness  about the issue and a lack of legal services, psycho-social support and shelters available for victims, the panel said. It said economic sanctions had a disproportionate impact on women. North Korean women suffer  high levels of malnutrition , with 28 percent of pregnant or lactating women affected, it said.      We have called on the government to be very, very attentive to the situation of food and nutrition. Because we consider that it is a basic need and that the government has to invest and to assume its responsibilities in this field,  Ameline said.   Unfortunately I am not sure that the situation will improve very quickly.  The report found that penalties for rape in North Korea were not commensurate with the severity of the crime, which also often goes unpunished. Legal changes in 2012 lowered the penalties for some forms of rape, including the rape of children, rape by a work supervisor and repeated rape. This has led to reducing the punishment for forcing  a woman in a subordinate position  to have sexual intercourse from four years to three years, the report said. It said women trafficked abroad and then returned to North Korea, are reported to be sent to labor training camps or prisons, accused of  illegal border crossing , and may be exposed to further violations of their rights, including sexual violence by security officials and forced abortions.  ",1
14354,Zimbabwe's Moyo says on Twitter he is out of the country,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s Higher Education Minister Jonathan Moyo, one of a number of officials purged from the ruling ZANU-PF party along with President Robert Mugabe, said on Monday he and at least 50 other senior party officials were  outside of the country.  Moyo made the comments on his Twitter handle, but the tweet was subsequently deleted. Moyo is one of many ZANU-PF members targeted by the ruling party in the wake of a military coup.  ",1
14355,Gerry Adams to step down in end of an era for Irish nationalism,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Sinn Fein s Gerry Adams, a pivotal figure in the political life of Ireland for almost 50 years, said on Saturday he will step down as party leader and complete a generational shift in the former political wing of the Irish Republican Army (IRA). Reviled by many as the face of the IRA during its campaign against British rule in Northern Ireland, Adams reinvented himself as a peacemaker in the troubled region and then as a populist opposition parliamentarian in the Irish Republic. Adams said he would be replaced as party president, a position he has held since 1983, at a party conference next year. He would also not stand for reelection to the Irish parliament.  Republicanism has never been stronger... But leadership means knowing when it is time for change. That time is now,  Adams said in an emotional speech to a packed party conference.  I have complete confidence in the next generation of leaders,  he said.  Adams stayed on stage as the 2,500-strong crowd, some in tears, gave him a standing ovation and sang a traditional Irish song about the road home, followed by the national anthem.  Adams will almost certainly hand over to a successor with no direct involvement in the decades of conflict in Northern Ireland, a prospect that would make Sinn Fein a more palatable coalition partner in the Irish Republic where it has never been in power. Deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald, an English literature graduate from Trinity College Dublin who has been at the forefront of a new breed of Sinn Fein politicians transforming the party s image, is the clear favourite to take over. That would mean the left-wing party being led on both sides of the Irish border by women in their 40s after Michelle O Neill succeeded Martin McGuinness as leader in Northern Ireland shortly before the former IRA commander s death in March. Adams, who will turn 70 next October, has always denied membership of the IRA but accusations from former IRA fighters that he was involved in its campaign of killings have dogged him throughout his career.  Adams was a key figure in the nationalist movement throughout the three decades of violence between Catholic militants seeking a united Ireland, mainly Protestant militants who wanted to maintain Northern Ireland s position as a part of Britain, and the British army.  3,600 died in the conflict, many at the hands of the IRA. As head of the political wing of the IRA during its bombing campaigns in 1980s Britain, Adams was a pariah and banned from speaking on British airwaves, forcing television stations to dub his voice with that of an actor. He and his party emerged from the political cold in October 1997 when he shook hands with Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair at their first meeting. A year later, he helped win sceptical elements in the IRA to the Good Friday peace deal, which largely ended the violence. Since the peace deal Adams and McGuinness turned Sinn Fein from a fringe party into the dominant Irish nationalist party in Northern Ireland and the third largest party in south of the border. While its anti-austerity platform led to a six-fold increase in its number of seats in the Republic - 23 out of 158 -  suspicion of Sinn Fein s role in the Northern Ireland troubles still runs deep and the far larger ruling Fine Gael and or main opposition Fianna Fail have ruled out governing alongside them. Analysts say a change of leader could help open the way to Sinn Fein entering government in Dublin for the first time.   Under a new Sinn Fein leader I think anything is possible,  said David Farrell, politics professor at University College Dublin.  A new Sinn Fein leader will also take over responsibility for rescuing power-sharing devolved government in Northern Ireland and avoid a return to full direct rule from London for the first time in decade.  Power-sharing collapsed after Sinn Fein withdrew in January saying the Democratic Unionist Party was not treating it as an equal partner and a series of talks have failed to break the impasse. ",1
14356,Health staff in southern Libya strike after doctor's kidnapping,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Medical staff in the southern Libyan city of Sabha said on Monday they were suspending work for 10 days in protest over poor security after a doctor was kidnapped.  Health services in Libya have been severely disrupted by years of conflict with the remote south particularly affected. Salem al-Selhab, who worked in the surgical department of the Sabha Medical Centre, the biggest hospital in southern Libya, was kidnapped by an unknown group on Thursday evening.   For a long time the medical staff of the Sabha Medical Centre have suffered attacks, abuse and been shot at,  said Osama al-Wafi, a spokesman for the center, adding that Selhab s kidnapping was a serious setback.  This doctor was very important,  he said.  Staff at the center and at private clinics in the city announced a 10-day strike on Sunday to demand Selhab s release and the provision of security for medical staff. Sabha is a major hub for the smuggling of migrants toward Libya s northern coast, some of whom seek treatment in local medical facilities.  The Sabha Medical Centre receives 70 percent of its backing from international organizations in the absence of state support from rival governments in Tripoli and the east, said Wafi.   We suffer greatly from a shortage of medicines, political division and lack of support,  he said. The World Health Organization (WHO), one of the international bodies to provide Sabha Medical Centre with support, strongly condemned violence against staff in the area.  WHO urges all to refrain from attacking health workers and facilities, as required by international humanitarian law, and calls upon parties responsible for the kidnapping of the doctor in Sabha to ensure his safety and immediate release,  it said in a statement. ",1
14357,Soros says Hungarian government lying in attacks against him,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - U.S. financier George Soros on Monday denounced a Hungarian government campaign against him as  distortions and lies  designed to create a false external enemy. Soros, 86, is a Hungarian-born Jew whose longtime support for liberal and open-border values in eastern Europe have put him at odds with right-wing nationalists, in particular the government of Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban. Orban, who faces elections in April 2018, last month sent to voters seven statements attributed to Soros that, among other things, called for the European Union to settle a million migrants a year and pay each of them thousands of euros.  The statements ... contain distortions and outright lies that deliberately mislead Hungarians about George Soros s views on migrants and refugees,  said a statement issued by Soros s Open Society Foundations.  With Hungary s health care and education systems in distress and corruption rife, the current government has sought to create an outside enemy to distract citizens. The government selected George Soros for this purpose,  it said. The ruling Fidesz party s vice chairman said Soros was engaged in a  frontal assault  against Hungary.  What Soros writes about immigration, in general, is a pro-immigration stance that is open about its disdain for the nation state,  Gergely Gulyas told a news conference.  Decisions made in Brussels echo that in the field of immigration policy.   Days before a recent immigration decision in the European Parliament Soros was meeting with the rapporteur on the subject as well as five different EU commissioners. I am not a conspiracy theorist but this holds some clues.  Soros said each of the seven statements was a distortion or lie, refuting them one by one. It said Soros proposed admitting an annual 300,000 refugees to the EU only while strengthening European border controls and making migrant relocations within the bloc voluntary, not mandatory as Budapest asserted. It said Soros proposed no payments to migrants, rather EU subsidies to member states to help them cope with migration. To three other proposals attributed to Soros - that he wanted milder criminal sentences for migrants, to push national cultures and languages into the background to facilitate easier integration of migrants and sanctions against countries that oppose migration, the Open Society statement said,  Nowhere has Soros made any such statement(s). This is a lie.  Orban once received a Soros grant to study at Britain s Oxford University but later turned against the billionaire philanthropist, vilifying him as an alleged mastermind of a global agenda to weaken nation states. The election campaign of Orban s Fidesz party has built on a series of billboards warning Hungarians,  Don t let Soros have the last laugh  and showing a laughing Soros in black and white. Some of the billboards have had  stinking Jew  scrawled on them. The billboards, along with calls from Orban to preserve Hungary s  ethnic homogeneity  and his endorsement of a World Two Hungarian leader who allied with Nazi Germany, drew accusations of anti-Semitism earlier this year. Alluding to the billboards and to Orban s rejection of immigration, especially from Muslim nations, the Open Society Foundations accused Budapest of  stoking anti-Muslim sentiment and employing anti-Semitic tropes reminiscent of the 1930s . Fidesz pulled the billboard campaign just before a July visit to Budapest by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and Orban vowed to fight anti-Semitism. The government has denied its campaign was anti-Semitic, and re-launched the billboards in the autumn in promoting a  national consultation  with voters. Gulyas said it was  outrageous  that Soros called the campaign anti-Semitic. Immigration which Soros supported was bringing hundreds of thousands of people into Europe whose cultural background was inimical to Jewsm he said.  It is not us who should be facing anti-Semitism charges,  he said, adding that Fidesz also had nothing against Muslim culture but was against mass immigration of people with a different cultural background to Hungary s Christian roots. ",1
14358,"UK queen and husband Philip celebrate 70 years of marriage, quietly","LONDON (Reuters) - Queen Elizabeth and husband Prince Philip mark their platinum wedding anniversary with a small family get-together on Monday, a far cry from the pomp and celebration which greeted their marriage 70 years ago. The couple married at London s Westminster Abbey on Nov. 20, 1947, just two years after the end of World War Two, in a glittering ceremony which attracted statesmen and royalty from around the world and huge crowds of cheering well-wishers. Seventy years on, no public events are planned, although the 91-year-old queen did acknowledge the occasion by appointing Philip a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order for his services to the sovereign. Elizabeth and her 96-year-old husband, who retired from active public life in August, will celebrate their milestone with a private party at Windsor Castle, the monarch s home to the west of London. That contrasts with their silver, golden and diamond wedding anniversaries when they attended thanksgiving services at the thousand-year-old Abbey, where the queen was crowned and where her grandson and his wife, William and Kate, were married in 2011. However, the Abbey itself will mark the occasion with a full peal of its bells involving 5,070 change of sequences, with the 70 reflecting the anniversary, which will last more than three hours.  Congratulations to The Queen and The Duke of Edinburgh as they celebrate their Platinum Wedding anniversary,  Prime Minister Theresa May said on Twitter.  They have devoted their lives to the service of the UK and the Commonwealth - my best wishes to them both on this special occasion.  The wedding of Princess Elizabeth, as she then was, to the dashing naval officer Philip Mountbatten was seen as raising the nation s spirits amid an austere background of rationing and shortages that followed the war.   Millions will welcome this joyous event as a flash of colour on the hard road we have to travel,  said former Prime Minister Winston Churchill. Five years later, Elizabeth succeeded her father George VI on the throne and has ruled for the following 65 years, more than any other monarch in British history, with Philip by her side throughout.  The support he gives to my grandmother is phenomenal,  Prince Harry said in a documentary to mark her 60th year on the throne.  Regardless of whether my grandfather seems to be doing his own thing, sort of wandering off like a fish down the river, the fact that he s there - I personally don t think that she could do it without him.  While the couple s marriage has remained strong, three of their four children have seen their unions end in divorce, most notably heir Prince Charles s ill-fated union with his late first wife Princess Diana.  He has, quite simply, been my strength and stay all these years,  Elizabeth said in a speech to mark the couple s 50th wedding anniversary in 1997. Royal historian Hugo Vickers said the secret of their long marriage was their mutual support and devotion to duty.  They don t waste a jot of time wondering whether we like them or not - they just get on with the job,  he told Reuters.   On the occasions when I have been lucky enough to see them together, they always look incredibly comfortable in each other s company.  ",1
14359,Kenya's Supreme Court upholds Kenyatta's presidential win,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s Supreme Court on Monday upheld the re-election of President Uhuru Kenyatta in last month s repeat presidential vote, paving the way for him to be sworn in next week. Chief Justice David Maraga said all six judges dismissed the two legal challenges to the vote. The opposition coalition NASA insisted the government was illegitimate. Kenyatta s main challenger, NASA s Raila Odinga, said via his adviser Salim Lone that the ruling  did not come as a surprise  and said  it was a decision taken under duress .   We in NASA had repeatedly declared before this Supreme Court ruling today that we consider this government to be illegitimate and do not recognise it. This position has not been changed by the court ruling,  the statement said. It referred to security concerns raised by the opposition about the judges after one of their bodyguards was shot the day before the court was to rule on a request to delay the vote.  The chief justice said at the time police had  enhanced  security after the shooting. The court could not immediately be reached on Monday to comment on NASA s allegation. Monday s ruling clears the way for Kenyatta s swearing-in on Nov. 28, but it is unlikely to end the worst political crisis in East Africa s most developed economy in a decade. Sporadic clashes erupted in pro-opposition areas after the ruling.  Odinga had called for a  National Resistance Movement  after Kenyatta s victory last month. Kenyatta had said he would not engage in dialogue with the opposition until  constitutional options  had been exhausted.  The prolonged election process has disrupted the economy and forced the government to cut its growth forecast. Rights groups say at least 66 people have died in bloodshed surrounding the votes in August and October.     The petitioners had argued that the outcome should be voided because the election board did not seek fresh nominations after the Aug. 8 poll was invalidated, and because the vote was not held in each of the 291 constituencies.  The Supreme Court ordered the Oct. 26 election after nullifying the results of the August election, citing irregularities in the tallying of votes - an unprecedented move on the continent.  The opposition boycotted the poll, which Kenyatta won with 98 percent of the vote. Some opposition supporters mobilised to prevent polls from opening in the west of the country.     The court has unanimously determined that the petitions are not merited,  chief justice Maraga said.  As a consequence, the presidential election of 26th of October is hereby upheld.  The court did not detail its reasons. It said it would issue a full judgment within 21 days.  The decision was met with applause in the courtroom from lawyers for the election commission and Kenyatta. The commission said the ruling affirmed its  resolve and deliberate efforts to conduct free, fair and credible elections . There was no immediate reaction from Kenyatta. Kenya, a U.S. ally in the fight against Islamists and a trade gateway to East Africa, has a history of disputed elections. A row over the 2007 poll, which Odinga challenged after being declared loser, was followed by weeks of ethnic bloodshed that killed more than 1,200 people. Police said on Sunday at least four people were killed overnight in a Nairobi opposition stronghold. [L8N1NP07P]  Odinga accused the government of being behind the killings, which followed at least five deaths on Friday as police tried to disperse opposition supporters. Deputy President William Ruto said action would be taken against those inciting violence. Odinga put the death toll in violence since he returned to Nairobi on Friday from an overseas trip far higher, at 31. The police tally over the same period was nine.  In several areas of the capital, riots broke out on Sunday in response to the deaths, as residents set cars and buses on fire and police responded with teargas.  Outside the Nairobi court, Kenyatta supporters waved Kenyan flags and danced, and celebrations broke out in the central city of Nyeri, a ruling party stronghold, and other cities.  In the western, pro-opposition city of Migori, protesters said one person was killed in skirmishes with the police after the court ruling. Migori county police commander Joseph Nthenge denied the report.  There were no deaths reported from Kisumu, the largest city in western Kenya and a hotbed of opposition support, although police and protesters also briefly clashed there too.  In the Nairobi slum of Kibera, residents said three people were killed on Monday, including a 67-year-old woman and a young man, but there were conflicting reports of who was responsible for the violence. Police spokesman Charles Owino told Reuters that he had no reports of deaths in the capital on Monday.  In downtown Nairobi, Elvis Kinyanjui, a vendor selling socks and watches, said he hoped next year business would be  back to normal .  Everyone is holding on to their shilling not knowing what tomorrow will be like,  he said.  Shares headed higher and the currency strengthened against the dollar after the ruling, traders said. [L8N1NQ1OW] The markets dropped sharply when the court nullified August s vote. ",1
14360,Zimbabwe's opposition to decide on Mugabe impeachment Tuesday: chief whip,"HARARE (Reuters) - Lawmakers from Zimbabwe s main opposition party MDC will hold a meeting on Tuesday to decide whether to join their ruling party rivals to impeach 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe, the minority chief whip said. Although Mugabe s ZANU-PF has the required two-thirds  membership to remove Mugabe, participation by the opposition could give a boost to a process that was started by the military s intervention last week. ",1
14361,Italy's 5-Star pummels center-right in Rome beachfront vote,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s anti-establishment 5-Star Movement pummeled a center-right coalition to govern Ostia, one of Rome s largest neighborhoods, in a run-off vote that confirms the 5-Star s strength months away from a national election. Five-Star s Giuliana Di Pillo took 60 percent of the vote, doubling her first-round result, against 40 percent for the center-right s Monica Picca in a closely watched contest that comes just months before a national election. The result shows the legal troubles that have plagued the administration of Rome s 5-Star mayor, Virginia Raggi, since her election in June of last year have not dampened the maverick party s popularity in the capital.  There is a Raggi effect and it s positive,  Luigi Di Maio, the 5-Star prime minister candidate, wrote on Twitter.  In Rome we continue to win even against a coalition of five center-right forces.  The 5-Star is Italy s most-popular party ahead of a national vote due between March and May, while the ruling Democratic Party (PD) is a distant second, a poll showed last week.  But a center-right alliance joining Silvio Berlusconi s Forza Italia (Go Italy!), the anti-immigration Northern League and the far-right Brothers of Italy would pull in the most votes, though it would fall short of a parliamentary majority. The PD failed to make it to Ostia s run-off and the turnout was just 34 percent. The previous center-left administration for the capital s seaside borough, which has more than 230,000 inhabitants, was dissolved two years ago after police said it had fallen under the influence of organized crime. This year s campaign was marred by alleged connections between the neo-fascist Casapound party, which won more than 9 percent in the first round and will have a seat on the local council, and organized crime. Ten days before the runoff, Robert Spada, a brother of an imprisoned mobster, attacked a journalist for RAI state TV who had gone to ask questions about Spada s open support for Casapound.  Italian organized crime groups have long sought control of local governments, and some 450 municipal administrations of different political stripes have been dissolved for mafia infiltration over the past quarter century. ",1
14362,Hungary says it is facing 'frontal assault' from U.S. financier Soros,"BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Hungary is facing a frontal assault from U.S. financier George Soros who is attacking the country via his non-government organizations and European Union bureaucrats, a top ruling party politician said on Monday. Fidesz Vice Chairman Gergely Gulyas said Soros  claims that the Hungarian government lied in its campaign against him were  not substantial , adding the billionaire and the European Union pushed the same pro-migrant agenda. He rejected charges by Soros that the government s campaign stoked anti-Muslim sentiment and employed anti-Semitic tropes. ",1
14363,North Korean foreign minister heads to Cuba,"HAVANA (Reuters) - North Korea s foreign minister will arrive in Cuba on Monday, in search of support amid unprecedented pressure from the United States and the international community to cease its nuclear weapons and missile programs. The Cuban foreign ministry, in a brief note on its web page, said Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho would meet with his Cuban counterpart Bruno Rodriguez, among other unspecified activities. North Korea is pursuing nuclear weapon and missile programs in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions and has made no secret of its plans to develop a missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. It has fired two missiles over Japan. Cuba and North Korea have maintained warm political relations since 1960, despite Havana s often-stated opposition to nuclear weapons. President Donald Trump has also increased pressure on Cuba since taking office, rolling back a fragile detente begun by predecessor Barack Obama and returning to the hostile rhetoric of the Cold War. The visit provides an opportunity for North Korea to demonstrate, just 90 miles from the United States, that it is not completely isolated, and for Cuba that it will not buckle under U.S. pressure. At the same time, diplomats said Cuba was one of the few countries that might be able to convince North Korea to move away from the current showdown with the United States that threatens war.  We often ask the Cubans if they can talk to them,  an Asian diplomat said. The two Communist-run countries are the last in the world to maintain Soviet-style command economies, though under President Raul Castro, the Caribbean nation has taken some small steps toward the more market-oriented communism of China and Vietnam. Cuba maintains an embassy in North Korea, but publicly trades almost exclusively with the South. Last year, trade with the latter was $67 million and with the North just $9 million, according to the Cuban government. However, in 2013, Panama discovered a load of Soviet vintage weapons hidden under 10,000 tonnes of Cuban sugar on a North Korean vessel, in violation of U.N. sanctions and appearing to confirm suspicions that the two countries worked together to circumvent them. Cuba claimed the weapons were going to North Korea for repairs and were to be sent back. ",1
14364,Zimbabwe broadcaster on stand-by for address by military: ZBC workers,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s state broadcaster ZBC was on Monday put on stand-by for an expected address by the military, a day after President Robert Mugabe failed to announce his resignation to an expectant nation, workers at the broadcaster said. The military seized power last week saying this was meant to arrest  criminal elements  around the president and on Sunday the ruling ZANU-PF party re-called Mugabe from his position as president and first secretary.  ",1
14365,SPD leader says voters must reassess German political situation,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German voters should be given the opportunity to reevaluate the political situation after talks to form a government collapsed, Social Democrats (SPD) leader Martin Schulz said on Monday, adding that his party was not afraid of new elections. Schulz said his party was still not available to join Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) in a continuation of their  grand coalition  government after her talks with other parties failed.  In such a situation, the sovereign, that is the voters, must reassess what is going on,  Schulz told reporters, adding that Merkel had yet to contact him and that he would meet President Frank-Walter Steinmeier on Wednesday. ",1
14366,Lebanon's president rejects terrorism suggestion,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Lebanese president appeared to defend Hezbollah as necessary to resist Israel on Monday, after an Arab League statement accused the group of terrorism and noted it is part of Lebanon s coalition government.   Israeli targeting still continues and it is the right of the Lebanese to resist it and foil its plans by all available means,  President Michel Aoun s office quoted him as saying in a Tweet.  The heavily armed Shi ite Muslim Hezbollah, formed by Iran s Revolutionary Guards, fought Israel s occupation of Lebanon in the early 1980s and says its weapons are still needed against Israel.  Saudi Arabia, a regional rival of Iran, opposes Hezbollah s role as a military force in Syria and has accused it of helping the Houthi group in Yemen and militants in Bahrain.      The Arab League met on Sunday to discuss what it called Iranian interference in Arab countries, and accused Tehran s ally Hezbollah of terrorism.  Aoun said that Lebanon could not accept suggestions that its government was a partner in acts of terrorism, another Tweet quoted him as saying after meeting Arab League Secretary General Ahmed Aboul Gheit in Beirut.  Aboul Gheit said in Beirut that nobody was accusing Lebanon s government of terrorism or wanted to harm Lebanon.   One of the ruling partners is accused of this...It is an indirect means of asking the Lebanese state to talk to this partner and convince them to restrain their acts on Arab land,  he said.  Everyone acknowledges the particularity of the Lebanese situation.   Lebanon faces a political crisis after its prime minister Saad al-Hariri suddenly resigned on Nov. 4 in a statement broadcast from Saudi Arabia. His resignation statement accused Iran and Hezbollah of  sowing strife  in Arab countries.  ",1
14367,Zimbabwe opposition wants inclusive political process after military intervention,HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s main opposition leader said on Monday President Robert Mugabe s refusal to resign had dampened people s spirits and called for an inclusive political process in the aftermath of a military intervention last week. Morgan Tsvangirai said there should be an all-stakeholders meeting to chart the country s future and that the next elections due next year should be supervised by the international community. ,1
14368,UK says clear that Zimbabwe's Mugabe has lost the support of the people,"LONDON (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has lost the support of the people, a spokesman for British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Monday, while urging a peaceful and swift resolution to the uncertain political situation there.  We don t yet know how developments in Zimbabwe are going to play out but what does appear clear is that Mugabe has lost the support of the people and of his party,  the spokesman said.  ",1
14369,Fifteen dead in food aid stampede in Morocco: ministry,"RABAT (Reuters) - Fifteen people were killed and five more injured when a stampede broke out in a southwestern Moroccan town on Sunday as food aid was being distributed in a market, the Interior Ministry said. A hospital source put the death toll at 18, adding that most victims were women who had been scrambling for food handed out by a rich man in the small coastal town of Sidi Boulaalam. A local journalist said the donor had organised similar handouts before, but this year some 1,000 people arrived, storming an iron barrier under which several women were crushed.  King Mohammed ordered that the victims  families be given any assistance they needed and the wounded treated at his cost, the ministry said in a statement, adding that a criminal investigation had been opened. Last month, the king dismissed the ministers of education, planning and housing and health after an economic agency found  imbalances  in implementing a development plan to fight poverty in the northern Rif region. The Rif saw numerous protests after a fishmonger was accidentally crushed to death in a garbage truck in October 2016 after a confrontation with police, and he became a symbol of the effects of corruption and official abuse. In July, the king pardoned dozens of people arrested in the protests and accused local officials of stoking public anger by being too slow to implement development projects. ",1
14370,U.S. envoy to Russia: visa consultations in consulates may resume soon - TASS,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Visa consultations in U.S. consulates in Russia could be resumed in the near future, TASS news agency cited U.S. Ambassador to Russia Jon Huntsman as saying on Monday.  I believe that in the near future they (visa consultations) may be resumed,  the agency quoted him as saying.  We are trying to do everything possible, and I hope that in coming weeks we will be able to effectively issues visas.  In August, the United States began to scale back its visa services in Russia, drawing an angry reaction from Moscow three weeks after President Vladimir Putin ordered Washington to more than halve its embassy and consular staff. The U.S. consulates are located in St Petersburg, Yekaterinburg in the Urals and Vladivostok in Russia s far east. ",1
14371,German coalition talks collapse is 'bad news for Europe': Dutch minister,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The collapse of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s talks to form a three-way coalition government is  bad news for Europe  given the leading role of the European Union s biggest member state, the Dutch foreign minister said on Monday.  Germany s political crisis was weighing on the euro and European shares after the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) unexpectedly pulled out on Sunday from weeks of talks with Merkel s conservatives and the ecologist Greens.  It s bad news for Europe that the government in Germany will take a little longer,  new Dutch Foreign Minister Halbe Zijlstra said on arrival for talks with EU peers in Brussels.  Germany is a very influential country within the EU so if they don t have a government and therefore don t have a mandate it ll be very hard for them to take positions.  Germany s outgoing EU Minister Michael Roth, a member of the Social Democrats who are not in talks on forming a new Merkel government, said:  We all have an interest in getting a mandate so that we are able to take care fully of business in Europe.   We have never had such a situation in Germany. So, given the collapse of these exploratory talks, we will need to assess the situation and decide accordingly.  The spokesman for the EU s executive arm in Brussels stressed the need for stability in Germany, as did an official in French President Emmanuel Macron s office.  We are confident that the German constitutional process will provide the basis for the stability and continuity that has been a trademark of German politics and we hope this time will not be different,  said the European Commission s Margaritis Schinas. While some in Germany spoke of a possible new election, Zijlstra said that was a bad idea and noted that the Dutch government took seven months to form, which meant German parties could still return to talks after a pause. Foreign Minister Didier Reynders of Belgium, which was without a government for 18 months after an election, sought to strike a lighter tone on Germany.  In Belgium we have a tradition to do that, sometimes it s very long,  Reynders told reporters. Zijlstra did not think the situation in Germany affected the Brexit talks specifically for now, as the EU was  waiting for a substantial offer from the British  on the exit bill. Both Roth and Reynders agreed London must make a move on the money now. Arriving at the same talks, the Czech Republic s EU minister, Ales Chmelar, said:  We are hopeful that we will have a strong government in Germany sooner rather than later.  ",1
14372,Germany's SPD not available for government after talks fail,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrats are still not available to join Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats in a continuation of their  grand coalition  government after talks with other parties failed, a party document showed on Monday.  Given the results of the Sept. 24 election, we are not available for entry into a grand coalition,  read a SPD paper due to be discussed by party leaders that was obtained by Reuters.  We are not afraid of new elections.  The comments came after Merkel s efforts to form a three-way coalition government failed, pitching Germany into its worse political crisis for decades, raising the prospect of fresh elections and casting doubt over her future. The SPD won just 20.5 percent in the September election, its worst post-war result after it lost stature as junior partner in the often awkward coalition dominated by Merkel. ",1
14373,What happens now after collapse of German coalition talks?,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel s failure to forge a three-way coalition government has plunged Europe s largest economy into uncharted waters, raising pressure on the three-term conservative chancellor to maintain stability. The pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) abruptly pulled out after more than four weeks of negotiations with Merkel s conservative bloc and the ecologist Greens, citing irreconcilable differences. The euro recovered from a two-month low on Monday as investors brushed off the broader political risks. But Germany now faces a prolonged period of political wrangling and uncertainty. The path to a new election would be difficult and involve more than one vote in parliament. Many fear a new election could further strengthen the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party that surged into parliament in the Sept. 24 election after winning nearly 13 percent of the vote. AfD leaders have pushed for new elections for weeks as the coalition talks failed to reach agreement. Current opinion polls predict little change compared to the September vote. A Forsa poll released last week showed conservatives on 32 percent, the Social Democrats on 20 percent, the FDP 12 percent, the Greens 10 percent and the AfD 12 percent. It was not immediately clear what impact the latest development would have on the parties  support. Leaders of the other parties expressed shock about the FDP s move since negotiators had been on the cusp of an agreement. The Greens accused the FDP of a pre-meditated move to oust Merkel. Here s what could happen next, and possible scenarios for the coming weeks: The political crisis hands significant power to German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, a member of the Social Democrats (SPD) and a former foreign minister under Merkel who assumed the normally ceremonial post in February. Merkel was to meet with Steinmeier on Monday to discuss the most serious political crisis to confront Germany in the post-war era.  Steinmeier had already urged negotiators on Saturday to uphold their civic responsibilities and avoid new elections. He is expected to repeat that message in a statement later Monday, according to the RND newspaper chain. Steinmeier could push the FDP and its leader Christian Lindner to return to the negotiating table. But political experts say it would be difficult to rebuild any sense of trust among the would-be coalition partners after Sunday s events. MERKEL LOOKS INTO CONTINUATION OF  GRAND COALITION  Merkel is likely to approach the SPD, which served for four years as junior partner in her  grand coalition , but SPD leaders have vowed to return to opposition after the party s worst election result since 1933. Labour Minister Andrea Nahles reaffirmed that view in an interview with broadcaster ZDF on Monday, saying voters had clearly voted against a further tie-up of Germany s two largest parties. If they agreed to talks, the SPD - which saw its support slide in the September election after it lost stature as junior partner in the often awkward coalition dominated by Merkel - would probably insist on her departure, according to party insiders.  The SPD is in a much stronger negotiating position now,  said Tyson Barker at the Aspen Institute.  But I just don t see the incentives there for the SPD. The grand coalition is just teetering on a majority.  If coalition talks fail, the only way to trigger a new election under the German constitution would be for Steinmeier to suggest a parliamentary vote on Merkel as chancellor. If Merkel wins a majority in such a vote, he would name her as chancellor. If she doesn t raise a majority, parliament can vote again within 14 days.  If she again misses the majority, parliament votes again and the candidate with the most votes wins. Then Steinmeier could name Merkel - or whoever wins the most votes - as chancellor, but is not required to do so. If he refrains, he would dissolve parliament and new elections must be held within 60 days. If she is elected as chancellor, Merkel could form a minority government with a variety of partners, including just the Christian Social Union (CSU), the Bavarian sister party of her Christian Democrats, or among conservatives with the FDP. She could also form a minority coalition with the Greens. Juergen Hardt, foreign policy spokesman for the conservative bloc, said such a tie-up was promising and could convince Steinmeier to agree to a minority government. A minority government would require Merkel to find changing majorities for her policies, but it would allow the smaller parties to maintain an independent profile, said Christian Odendahl, chief economist at the Centre for European Reform.  He said that could be helpful for the CSU, which has said it needs to pursue a more hardline position on immigration and security as it gears up for state elections in September 2018, given massive losses to the far-right AfD on Sept. 24. ",1
14374,Merkel gets strong backing from her party after talks fail,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel got the strong backing of the leadership of her Christian Democrats (CDU) during a telephone conference on Monday after coalition talks to form a new government failed late on Sunday. Armin Laschet, deputy chairman of the CDU and premier of North Rhine-Westphalia, told journalists that leading members of Merkel s party had expressed their strong support for their leader despite the talks failing. ",1
14375,"Australia, NZ officials discuss screening for Manus refugees - NZ PM","WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand and Australia have begun talks about screening procedures for asylum seekers holding out in a Papua New Guinea detention center, New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said on Monday, amid reports of worsening health conditions there. Australia has been refusing New Zealand s offer to take up to 150 of the detainees from the Australian-run camp on Manus Island, but Ardern s comments have raised speculation that Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is ready to accept.  The center was closed almost three weeks ago after PNG s High Court ruled it was illegal, but more than 400 detainees have refused to leave, citing concerns for their security if they were moved to transit centers as planned. More than 150 men at the center were seriously ill without access to basic first aid or medicine, said advocacy group Asylum Seeker Resource Centre (ASRC), which is calling for safe resettlement of the men.  A team from the group, which is based in Australia, visited the center last Wednesday, a spokeswoman said.  The deteriorating state of the men s bodies was obvious to me as I was shown around,  said Jana Favero, the group s campaigns director.  This is a medical emergency festering inside a humanitarian crisis.    Medical conditions requiring urgent care ranged from chest pain and undiagnosed episodes of unconsciousness to infections and chronic diarrhea among others, the group added. Turnbull has been refusing New Zealand s offer as he worries asylum seekers could view it as a  back door  to Australia, undermining the country s tough immigration policies.  Ardern said the conversations were about establishing the screening processes.   To be clear, we have not started that process,  she told Radio New Zealand.  But I think that certainly we re a bit further along than we have been before - we haven t even had officials having those discussions in the past.  The United Nations, which has warned of a  looming humanitarian crisis , last week urged Australia to accept New Zealand s offer to take the men.  Turnbull has insisted the priority was an existing refugee swap deal negotiated last year with former U.S. president Barack Obama. The men holed up in the camp depend on erratic food supplies smuggled in by supporters. They lack power and running water.  Australia s  sovereign borders  immigration policy that  refuses to let asylum seekers arriving by boat reach its shores has been heavily criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups, but has bipartisan domestic political support. ",1
14376,"France wants 'strong and stable' Germany, President Macron says","PARIS (Reuters) - France wants a strong and stable Germany to move Europe forward and will continue to work with the current German government, an official at President Emmanuel Macron s office said on Monday.  For Germany and for Europe, we want our main partner to be stable and strong, to move forward together,  the official said.  This merely reinforces the need for France to make proposals, to take the initiative, to work on an ambitious European project that we will implement with our German partner,  the official added. Efforts to form a three-way coalition government have failed, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday, pitching Germany into its worst political crisis in decades. ",1
14377,UK PM May's spokesman says not aware of Brexit concerns over German political crisis,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May s spokesman said on Monday he was not aware of any Brexit-related concerns in the British government following the collapse of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s talks to form a three-way coalition government.   I m not aware of any broader concerns,  the spokesman said when asked whether May was worried the situation would affect Britain s ability to negotiate a Brexit deal.  It s a matter for Germany and a matter for politicians in Germany. ",1
14378,Cambodia's opposition gives up posts after ban,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Elected officials of Cambodia s banned opposition party have begun handing over their duties after a court ordered the party dissolved, the government said on Monday. The Supreme Court outlawed the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) last week at the request of authoritarian Prime Minister Hun Sen s government in a move that prompted the United States to cut election funding and threaten more punitive steps. The party was banned after its leader, Kem Sokha, was arrested for alleged treason. The government says he sought to take power with American help. He rejects that allegation as politically motivated, to allow Hun Sen to extend his more than three decades in power in next year s general election. Among those told to give up their positions were councillors elected to communes in June, when the CNRP gained control of 40 percent of local councils, showing the electoral threat it posed to Hun Sen.  The implementation has been going smoothly,  the Interior Ministry s spokesman, Khieu Sopheak, told Reuters on Monday, adding that he did not know how long handover completion would take. The ruling Cambodian People s Party (CPP) will take over nearly all of the communes won by the opposition. The CNRP s 55 seats in the 123-member parliament will be shared among six minor parties, the National Election Committee (NEC) said. It had been unable to contact one of the parties entitled to a seat because its headquarters was shut, it added. Three NEC members submitted a letter of resignation from the electoral body in protest at their party s dissolution, saying the redistribution of seats to other parties was  unconstitutional  and against  voters  will . The court has also banned 118 CNRP party members from politics for five years. Mu Sochua, a senior CNRP member who moved abroad shortly before the ban, said party officials met over the weekend outside Cambodia  to put together an action plan for the immediate future.    We reject the decision of the court,  she said, adding that Kem Sokha remained president and the party s former leader, Sam Rainsy, had rejoined it. Sam Rainsy had resigned in February, saying he feared the party would be banned if he did not, because of defamation convictions that he calls politically motivated and which pushed him to flee Cambodia in 2015. Across Cambodia, police took down CNRP signs outside party offices and on the streets. The interior ministry spokesman said the CNRP had helped by taking down its Phnom Penh headquarters sign itself. Rejecting the criticism from the United States over the dissolution of the opposition party and a crackdown on local rights groups and independent media, Hun Sen said on Sunday that Washington should cut off all aid for Cambodia. ",1
14379,Iraqi Kurd prime minister: court voided referendum without KRG input,"ERBIL (Reuters) - Iraq s Supreme Federal Court, which voided results of a Kurdish independence referendum on Monday, reached its ruling without input from representatives of the Kurdish autonomous region, the region s Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani said on Monday.  The rights of Kurds are enshrined in the [Iraqi] constitution, and we seek the implementation of this constitution to resolve our issues with Baghdad,  Barzani told reporters at a news conference, according to Kurdish Rudaw TV. ",1
14380,"Pinera wins first round of Chile election, faces runoff","SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Conservative billionaire Sebastian Pinera will face center-left Senator Alejandro Guillier in a runoff for Chile s presidency next month, after a first round vote on Sunday that Pinera won, but with fewer votes than expected. Both candidates would keep in place the top copper exporter s longstanding free-market economic model, but former president Pinera has promised investor-friendly policies to turbocharge growth, while Guillier wants to press on with outgoing President Michelle Bachelet s overhaul of education, taxes and labor. With over 98 percent of votes counted, Pinera, a 67-year-old businessman, had clinched 36.6 percent, falling short of the 50 percent needed for an outright victory, Chile s electoral agency Servel said. Guillier, a 64-year-old bearded former TV news anchor elected to the Senate in 2013, had 22.7 percent, just over two points ahead of the third placed candidate, leftist Beatriz Sanchez, whose better than expected showing will likely ensure her Frente Amplio coalition will yield sway in Congress. Pinera s result was below pollster expectations, indicating that the Dec. 17 runoff will likely be a more closely-fought contest than previously forecast, especially if Guillier can rally supporters of Sanchez and four other left-leaning rivals behind him.      We re going to have a very competitive second round,  Pinera s campaign chief Andres Chadwick told journalists on Sunday evening. The most recent opinion survey by CEP last month had forecast Pinera securing 42 percent of likely votes in the first round, and easily defeating Guillier in the runoff. After a divisive race, Guillier called for  profound unity  to unite Chile s fractured left against Pinera.  There are more of us, and therefore we must win in December!,  Guillier told his cheering supporters.  Sanchez did not endorse Guillier in a fiery speech before her followers, even as she pilloried his opponent.  Sebastian Pinera is a step backward for the country and the country is going in a different direction!  Sanchez said. But Pinera, who previously led Chile between 2010 and 2014, flashed the optimism he has shown on the campaign trail, where he has repeatedly plugged his campaign slogan  better times.   This result is very similar to the one in 2009. And you ll remember that in 2009 we won the election,  Pinera said, before a buoyant crowd. Voter turnout was higher than expected, a factor which analysts forecast will count against Pinera if repeated in a runoff. Bachelet cannot run again this year because of term limits. Guillier was one of two candidates her center-left coalition Nueva Mayoria backed in the first round. Speaking from the presidential palace on Sunday evening, she urged Chileans to vote in December, saying her policy changes were at stake. Guillier faces a more polished opponent in Pinera, who oversaw robust economic growth in his first presidential term that overlapped with higher copper prices.     Pinera has vowed to double Chile s economic growth rate, with proposals that include trimming corporate taxes, making state-run miner Codelco more self-sufficient, and tweaking the pension system to include incentives for later retirement. But he must ease fears that he would wipe out gains made in Bachelet s government for students, women and workers - from expanding free education to strengthening unions. Should Guillier triumph in the runoff, he has pledged to tackle stubbornly high inequality in one of Latin America s most business-friendly economies. He wants to diversify Chile s dependence on copper, increase access to free higher education and write workers  rights into a new constitution.  I voted for Guillier because I think we have to continue to provide free education. It s a social right,  said unemployed voter Mario Giannetti, 53. Since its transition to democracy from dictatorship in 1990, Chile has stood out as one of the region s most developed countries. But public debt has grown as lower copper prices hit government revenues in recent years, and Bachelet s critics say she failed to court investments or prioritize economic growth that slowed to an annual average of 1.8 percent. In a first since the 1990s, credit ratings agencies Fitch and S&P downgraded Chile s debt rating this year. While investors see Pinera as a safe pair hands for the economy, his previous term was marred by massive student protests seeking an education overhaul. His responses were often seen as out of touch and grassroots groups still oppose him. Early on Sunday, a group of young protesters stormed Pinera s campaign headquarters before being arrested by police, TV images showed. ",1
14381,"Merkel to meet German president, who will then make statement","BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel will meet German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier on Monday to update him on events after her efforts to form a three-way coalition government failed, her spokesman said.  The acting chancellor will meet the president at noon today to inform him about how things stand,  spokesman Steffen Seibert told a regular government news conference. Steinmeier would make a statement to media at 2.30 p.m. (1330 GMT), his office said. ",1
14382,Greece to give millions in compensation to flood victims,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece said on Monday it would offer emergency compensation worth millions of euros to hundreds of households affected by flash flooding west of Athens that killed at least 20 people on Nov. 15. Hundreds of homes and businesses were extensively damaged in the coastal towns of Mandra and Nea Peramos when a torrent of mud and water smashed into the settlements, built along dry gullies on the foothills of a mountain range. Twenty people died and two remain missing from the early-morning deluge, the worst casualty toll from flooding since 1977 when more than 30 people died. The disaster has prompted recriminations and finger-pointing over a perceived inability of Greek authorities to act on prior warnings that areas with poor infrastructure and unlicensed construction were vulnerable to flooding. Critics also asked why flood prevention projects had been delayed. Authorities will offer flood victims up to 5,000 euros  ($5,896.50) for households and 8,000 euros for businesses, government spokesman Dimitris Tzanakopoulos said. It was not immediately clear how much the state had budgeted for compensation. Tzanakopoulos told Reuters the amount would come from the national budget. That assistance would be over and above compensation residents were entitled to, comprised of 60 percent government aid and 40 percent interest-free loan, he said. The flash flooding hit many areas of the country, including housing settlements where town planning regulations are often flouted.       ",1
14383,"Syrian Kurdish militia attacks Turkish outpost in Syria's Idlib, no casualties: Anadolu","ANKARA (Reuters) - The Syrian-Kurdish YPG militia has attacked a Turkish military observation post in Syria s Idlib with mortars, the state-run Anadolu news agency said on Monday, adding that there were no casualties. The Turkish military retaliated after the attack, which hit the observation post in the Darat Izza region and some civilian settlements with five mortars, Anadolu said.  ",1
14384,Putin plan to rejuvenate Russian politics makes slow progress,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Poised to run for a fourth term, President Vladimir Putin has started clearing out the old Russian political elite and says he s bringing in young people with  fire in their eyes.   But a Reuters analysis shows that he has made limited progress so far.  In the run up to March elections that are expected to hand him a mandate to stay in power until he is 70, Putin says he is promoting a new generation of officials to drive Russia s economic and political future. One fifth of the country s 85 regional governors have been replaced this year and almost half of the lower house of  parliament changed in elections last year after Putin brought in a new chief of staff. The Reuters analysis of political appointments shows, however, that in the cabinet, the upper house of parliament, the Security Council and the presidential administration, the pace of change has slowed and the average age is almost three years higher than when he began his third term in 2012. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov declined to comment on the findings. He said it would take too long to check the data.  With no change expected at the very top, critics say the lack of fresh blood translates into a dearth of fresh ideas to stimulate politics and the economy.  There are similarities with the era of (Soviet leader Leonid) Brezhnev in that we ve fallen into a malign stability from which there s no way out,  Dmitry Oreshkin, an independent political analyst, told Reuters. Opposition protesters are fond of photoshopping Putin s face onto Brezhnev s torso on placards, implying that Putin and the system he has built is as stagnant as Brezhnev s Soviet Union, a charge the Kremlin rejects.  For Putin there are no risks because the system works and obeys him,  said Oreshkin.  The risks are for the country and the economy. The model of stability is underpinned by a system of loyalty and corruption. Outside Moscow, which is rich, there is stagnation.        Weighed down by Western sanctions for its 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea and backing for a pro-Russian uprising in east Ukraine, the Russian economy, though recovering, remains fragile and vulnerable to oil fluctuations and new sanctions. Russia's aging political elite: tmsnrt.rs/2zRTpRY Reuters compared the profiles of 784 current regional governors, members of the upper and lower houses of parliament, the government, the Security Council, and the presidential administration   to 768 who were in power in May 2012. It found little sign of renewal in the cabinet, the upper house of parliament, the Security Council and the presidential administration.  Of the 784 positions, 314 had changed hands in the last two years, fewer than in May 2012 when that figure was 368. Often when officials left their posts, they showed up in other jobs.   There were fewer changes in the cabinet, the upper house of parliament, the Security Council and the presidential administration. The average age of all the officials rose from 52.6 in 2012 to 55.5 now. In the Security Council, which Putin chairs, the average age stands at 60.4. It has seen only two changes in its 12-strong permanent makeup in the last two years.  In the presidential administration, which Putin uses to devise and implement his ideas, the average age is 57 compared to 53.2 in 2012, and in the State Duma, the lower house of parliament, the average age has risen to almost 53 from 51 five years ago. This month Putin told 10 governors, that  as a rule  they were being replaced with  young people.   You have probably noticed the fire in their eyes,  he said. Putin has said his aim is to create  a new governors corps of young promising modern people who will think about the future of the region and all of Russia.   Critics say the Kremlin s emphasis on youth is window-dressing designed to create the illusion of political change in a system bereft of real competition. Up to two thirds of Russians want some kind of societal or political change that would raise living standards, some opinion polls show, and turnout in last year s parliamentary election fell to a post-Soviet low.         In the Kremlin, the thinking goes that a fresh face in the governor s seat may reduce the population s unhappiness and increase turnout in the election,  Natalya Zubarevich, an academic, wrote in a paper for the Carnegie Moscow Center. Putin has received a succession of newly-minted regional governors in his Kremlin office live on state TV and hosted two groups of glum-looking ex-governors.  Rotation is a natural and self-evident process,  he told one group of five ex-governors in February. Putin s aides are also touting a program for new leaders.  Applicants must be under 50 years of age and parts of the 9-month training program for top regional officials emphasize fitness and courage. Videos leaked to the RBC online news portal have shown participants leaping from a cliff into a river seven meters below and undergoing weapons and parachute training.     Some Kremlin watchers say the newcomers are all Putin loyalists whom he can easily influence if he exits office in 2024 and assumes a father-of-the-nation role.  He s training up 30- and 40-year olds for whom he ll become a political father,  Sergei Dorenko, the prominent head of a Moscow radio station, told the Komsomolskaya Pravda daily.  He ll smooth their passage and give them the earth.  ",1
14385,South Korea fears further missile advances by North this year in threat to U.S.,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea may conduct additional missile tests this year to polish up its long-range missile technology and ramp up the threat against the United States, South Korea s spy agency said on Monday, adding that it was monitoring developments closely.  North Korea is pursuing nuclear weapons and missile programs in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions and has made no secret of its plans to develop a missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. It has fired two missiles over Japan. The reclusive state appears to have carried out a recent missile engine test while brisk movements of vehicles were spotted near known missile facilities, Yi Wan-young, a member of South Korea s parliamentary intelligence committee which was briefed by Seoul s National Intelligence Service, said.  No sign of an imminent nuclear test had been detected, Yi noted. The third tunnel at the Punggye-ri complex remained ready for another detonation  at any time , while construction had recently resumed at a fourth tunnel, making it out of use for the time being.   The agency is closely following the developments because there is a possibility that North Korea could fire an array of ballistic missiles this year under the name of a satellite launch and peaceful development of space, but in fact to ratchet up its threats against the United States,  the lawmakers told reporters after a closed-door briefing by the spy agency. North Korea defends its weapons programs as a necessary defense against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, denies any such intention. Pyongyang is also carrying out a sweeping ideological scrutiny of the political unit of the military for the first time in 20 years, according to Kim Byung-kee, another lawmaker in the committee.  The probe was led by the ruling Workers  Party s Organisation and Guidance Department and orchestrated by Choe Ryong Hae, who once headed the General Political Bureau of the Korean People s Army himself until he was replaced by Hwang Pyong So in May 2014.  As a result, Hwang and Kim Won Hong, who Seoul s unification ministry said was removed from office in mid-January as minister of the Stasi-like secret police called  bowibu , had been punished, the lawmaker said. He did not elaborate.  Choe, who was subjected to political  reeducation  himself in the past, appears to be gaining more influence since he was promoted in October to the party s powerful Central Military Commission.  The National Intelligence Service indicated that Choe now heads the Organisation and Guidance Department, a secretive body that oversees appointments within North Korea s leadership.   Under Choe s command, the Organisation and Guidance Department is undertaking an inspection of the military politburo for the first time in 20 years, taking issue with their impure attitude toward the party leadership,  the lawmaker, Kim, said.  Separately on Monday, South Korea approved a request by a South Korean to attend an event in the North marking the anniversary of the death of his mother who formerly led the Chondoist Chongu Party, a minor North Korean political party. The son, identified only by his surname Choi, will be the first South Korean to visit the North since liberal President Moon Jae-in took office in May.  He is scheduled to arrive in Pyongyang via China on Wednesday and return on Saturday, according to Seoul s unification ministry. A senior Chinese official wrapped up a four-day visit to North Korea on Monday, apparently without meeting the country s leader, Kim Jong Un. Song Tao, head of the international department of the Chinese Communist Party, met senior officials from the Workers Party of Korea and  exchanged views on the Korean peninsula issue , China s official Xinhua news agency said.  The ruling parties of China and the Democratic People s Republic of Korea on Monday pledged to strengthen inter-party exchanges and coordination, and push forward relations,  it added, using North Korea s official name. Song had been in Pyongyang to discuss the outcome of the recently concluded Chinese Communist Party Congress in Beijing. ",1
14386,Turkey detains 51 teachers over suspected links to coup: Dogan,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish authorities on Monday issued arrest warrants for 107 teachers for suspected ties to the U.S.-based cleric Ankara blames for orchestrating last year s coup, the Dogan news agency said. Fifty-one of the teachers were detained in Ankara after the local prosecutor issued the warrants, Dogan said, adding that operations continued to round-up the remaining teachers.  The teachers were previously suspended from their jobs as part of the ongoing crackdown that followed the attempted coup in July 2016, it said. Turkey blames Fethullah Gulen, a cleric who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999, for last year s failed coup. Gulen has denied any involvement and denounced the coup. More than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial in the crackdown, while 150,000 people, including military personnel, teachers and public servants, have been sacked or suspended from their jobs. The government dismisses rights groups  concerns about the crackdown, saying only such a purge could neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network, which it says infiltrated the judiciary, army, schools and other institutions. ",1
14387,Swiss police lift U.S. consular office evacuation,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Swiss police declared the U.S. consular office building in Zurich as safe, saying a  suspicious object  discovered on Monday morning that had prompted a brief evacuation of two buildings was found to be harmless. A street blockade was lifted and people were allowed to re-enter the buildings, Zurich municipal police said. ",1
14388,ZANU-PF members to meet to discuss impeaching Mugabe: party chief whip,"HARARE (Reuters) - Lawmakers from President Robert Mugabe s ruling party will meet at the party headquarters on Monday to discuss impeaching the 93-year-old leader after a noon deadline passed without him resigning, ZANU-PF s chief whip Lovemore Matuke said. The ruling party removed Mugabe as ZANU-PF president and first secretary on Sunday, capping a dramatic week after the military seized power on Wednesday saying it wanted to remove  criminal elements  around the president. ",1
14389,Clamor for justice: Yugoslav court leaves global legacy,"BELGRADE (Reuters) - When a court on the Dutch North Sea coast issues its final verdict this week, it will signal the end of an experiment that has reverberated around the world, from the killing fields of Rwanda to the CIA s secret cells in Europe. The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY), set up by the United Nations in 1993, marked the biggest leap in the field of international criminal law since the Allies tried the Nazis in Nuremberg. Created in answer to the worst war crimes in Europe since World War Two, it set a precedent of accountability that has since put the Khmer Rouge and Liberia s Charles Taylor in the dock and paved the way for a court with global ambition. Almost 25 years later, its legacy is under threat. The International Criminal Court (ICC), opened in 2002, is undermined by renewed West-Russia rivalry, stone-walling and revolt in Africa, barrel bombs in Syria and a boycott by three of five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council. Supporters of the Yugoslav tribunal say it will remain a beacon inspiring a growing demand for justice and creativeness in delivering it   from ad hoc tribunals in Africa to the conviction in one country of a dictator from another and that of a Syrian in Sweden after a post on Facebook. The glass is either half full or half empty, said Alex Whiting, professor of practice at Harvard Law School.  You can say we haven t come far enough and the new institutions, particularly the ICC, have not replicated the success of the ICTY, but you can just as easily say it s remarkable how far we ve come in just 25 years,  he said.  The ICTY is the North Star.  The Yugoslav tribunal owes a debt to history, born as it was between the end of the Cold War and the 9/11 attacks on the United States, when Russia was weak and the West was united in collective action. For decades before, conflicts from Vietnam to Algeria, Afghanistan to Sri Lanka escaped major judicial scrutiny. Backed by the arrest-power of Western peacekeepers and the readiness of the European Union to condition integration with Yugoslavia s successor states on their cooperation, the tribunal issued 161 indictments and secured 83 convictions. Wednesday s verdict in the trial of Bosnian Serb wartime commander Ratko Mladic will be its last, bar appeals. The Yugoslav court was the first to indict a sitting head of state in Serbia s Slobodan Milosevic, recognized sexual violence as a crime of war and advanced the definition of genocide. With the U.N. tribunal for Rwanda, it assembled the hybrid case law used by tribunals in Sierra Leone, Cambodia, Lebanon and ultimately the ICC. Its 2.5 million pages of transcripts offer a forensic and often harrowing account of a state s dissolution that dispels the fog of wartime propaganda. More than 4,500 witnesses took the stand.  I committed myself to speak on behalf of those who did not survive,  said Nusreta Sivac, a former judge in Bosnia who testified to her rape by Bosnian Serb captors.  The tribunal rulings will write history.  Detractors say the court was slow, expensive and damaged by a number of high-profile acquittals. Milosevic died in 2006 while still on trial, while some cases were plagued by witness intimidation. The tribunal was supposed to help with reconciliation, but revisionism is rife and convicted war criminals often feted as heroes. Critics argue the indictment of Milosevic, at the height of NATO air strikes against him, only complicated the conflict and encouraged him to cling on, which he did for another 17 months. Similar arguments have been made against the ICC s pursuit of some African leaders. Established by treaty and boycotted by the United States, China and Russia, the ICC has little of the clout of the ICTY. With only one Arab member, it has found the bulk of its work in Africa. Alleging bias, Burundi quit the court last month. Kenya and South Africa have threatened to follow. The court s credibility has already been tested by the collapse in 2014 of a case against Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta and Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir s eight-year evasion of arrest. Most glaring is its impotence in the face of nearly half a million dead in Syria, its hands tied by Russian and Chinese vetoes in the Security Council, which can refer a case to the court in a non-member state such as Syria. The ICC denies any bias against Africa and is at various stages of investigation in Georgia, Iraq, Ukraine, Colombia and Palestine, though it can expect to make little progress in investigating conflicts involving Russia or the United States. In a watershed moment, prosecutors this month called for a formal investigation into war crimes in Afghanistan, including the mistreatment of detainees by U.S. forces in the country and at CIA  dark sites  in Poland, Romania and Lithuania. Experts say the move is symbolic of the court s ambition, but also of its limitations, given the unlikelihood of any cooperation from the Trump administration. The Yugoslav tribunal demonstrated that,  with strong political and diplomatic support from the international community, justice can be achieved , its chief prosecutor Serge Brammertz told Reuters.  But without that support, the obstacles can be almost insurmountable.  Kevin Jon Heller, law professor at the University of Amsterdam, said of the ICC:  I strongly doubt it is ever going to fulfill the aspirations of the people in the states that created it.  Nevertheless, demands for accountability are multiplying, along with avenues to pursue them. Experts point to the 2016 conviction of Chad ex-dictator, Hissene Habre, in a Senegalese court, the first time universal jurisdiction was used to prosecute the former ruler of one country by a court in another for human rights crimes. The same principle saw a Syrian soldier convicted by a Swedish court last month, partly on the basis of social media posts, while authorities in Sweden and Germany are each investigating more than a dozen individuals for crimes in Syria and Iraq. With the Security Council paralyzed, the U.N. General Assembly has launched its own ad hoc mechanism to investigate war crimes in Syria. A hybrid tribunal is in the works in Central African Republic and another mooted for South Sudan.  What has not ebbed in the last five to seven years, and in fact what has only increased, is the demand for justice, and an expectation that it will translate into action,  said Param-Preet Singh, an associate director at Human Rights Watch. The ICTY and efforts since have  changed the conversation , said Whiting.  It is for that reason this project will never die,  he said.  It will go into dormancy, but it will never die.  ",1
14390,Chinese envoy exchanges views on Korean peninsula issue in North Korea,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A Chinese envoy exchanged views on the Korean peninsula issue with North Korean officials during a visit to North Korea, China s state news agency Xinhua said on Monday. It did not immediately give details, but Song Tao, head of the international department of the ruling Chinese Communist Party, has been in Pyongyang to discuss the outcome of the recently concluded Communist Party Congress in Beijing. ",1
14391,Noon deadline set by ZANU-PF for Mugabe's resignation passes,"HARARE (Reuters) - A noon deadline by the ruling party for Robert Mugabe to stand down as President of Zimbabwe or face impeachment expired on Monday with no word on the fate of the 93-year-old, who was fired as head of his ZANU-PF party at the weekend, an ignominious end to his 37 years in power. ",1
14392,"China draws three-stage path for Myanmar, Bangladesh to resolve Rohingya crisis","NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - China called for a ceasefire in Myanmar s Rakhine State so that Rohingya Muslim refugees can return from Bangladesh, proposing a  three-stage approach to the crisis as diplomats from 51 mostly Asian and European countries gathered in Myanmar on Monday. More than 600,000 Muslim Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since late August, driven out by a military clearance operation in Buddhist majority Myanmar s Rakhine State. Amid a burgeoning humanitarian catastrophe, rights groups have accused the Myanmar military of atrocities, while foreign critics have blasted Aung San Suu Kyi, the Nobel peace prize winner who leads a civilian administration that is less than two years old, for failing to speak out more strongly. On Monday, Suu Kyi opened an Asia-Europe Meeting for foreign ministers that had been scheduled in Myanmar before the outbreak of the crisis. Speaking in the capital of Naypyitaw on Sunday, having arrived from Dhaka, China s Foreign Minister Wang Yi said China believed Myanmar and Bangladesh could work out a mutually acceptable way to end the crisis.  The first phase is to effect a ceasefire on the ground, to return to stability and order, so the people can enjoy peace and no longer be forced to flee,  China s foreign ministry said in a statement, citing Wang.  With the hard work of all sides, at present, the first phase s aim has already basically been achieved, and the key is to prevent a flare-up, especially that there is no rekindling the flames of war.  During a meeting on Sunday, the ministry said, Wang told Myanmar President Htin Kyaw,  As a friend of both Myanmar and Bangladesh, China is willing to keep playing a constructive role for the appropriate handling of the Rakhine State issue.   Visiting Myanmar last week, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson made many of the same points, but he also called for a credible investigation into reports of atrocities. Once a ceasefire is seen to be working, Wang said talks between Myanmar and Bangladesh should find a workable solution for the return of refugees, and the final phase should be to work toward a long-term solution based on poverty alleviation. Myanmar and Bangladesh officials began talks last month to settle a repatriation process for Rohingya refugees, which Bangladesh expects to take to the next level in coming days. Speaking on the sidelines of the ASEM meeting, European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said,  We believe that stopping the violence, the flow of refugees and guaranteeing full humanitarian access to Rakhine state, and safe, sustainable repatriation of refugees are going to be key.  Mogherini, who also visited Bangladesh over the weekend, said,  There s a real possibility of Myanmar and Bangladesh reaching a memorandum of understanding and agreement for the safe repatriation of refugees to Myanmar.  The European bloc was ready to help with the process, she added. It was unclear, however, whether a safe return was possible, or advisable, for the thousands of Rohingya women and children still stranded on the beaches trying to flee hunger and instability in Rakhine. Myanmar intends to resettle most refugees who return in new  model villages , rather than on the land they previously occupied, an approach the United Nations has criticized in the past as effectively creating permanent camps. Besides restoring peace for Rohingya to return, Myanmar also had to resolve the issue of their citizenship, having treated them as stateless for decades, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, Filippo Grandi, told a news conference in Tokyo. The UNHCR was ready to assist both countries with repatriation, he said, adding that it could help Myanmar with the citizenship verification of the Rohingya. Until now it has not been invited to participate in either.  Much as resources are needed in Bangladesh to respond to the crisis, the solutions to this crisis lie in Myanmar,  Grandi said. The crisis erupted after the military launched a brutal counter-insurgency operation against the militants after attacks on an army base and 30 police posts in Rakhine on Aug. 25. Myanmar s military has said that all fighting against the Rohingya militants died out on Sept.5. The group behind those attacks, Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), had declared a one-month ceasefire on Sept.10, which was rejected by the Myanmar government. But there have been no serious clashes since. The United States and other Western countries have become more engaged with Myanmar since it began a transition to civilian government after nearly 50 years of military rule. Myanmar s generals retain autonomy over defense, internal security and border issues in the current power-sharing arrangement. China, with close ties to both Myanmar and Bangladesh, has long been a key player in lawless borderlands where rebel ethnic groups have battled Myanmar s government for decades in a conflict driving thousands of refugees to seek shelter in China. ",1
14393,China says willing to keep playing constructive role over Rakhine state issue,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told Myanmar President Htin Kyaw on Sunday that China was willing to keep playing a constructive role over the Rakhine state issue, China s foreign ministry said in a statement on Monday. ",1
14394,"Zimbabwe students chant anti-Mugabe songs, exams postponed","HARARE (Reuters) - The University of Zimbabwe postponed exams on Monday after students started chanting and singing songs against 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe, who is under mounting pressure to resign, a Reuters witness said. ",1
14395,Zimbabwe's Mugabe speech was meant to sanitize army intervention: sources,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe agreed to resign on Sunday but his ruling ZANU-PF party did not want him to quit in front of the military, an act that would have made its intervention look like a coup, two senior political sources said on Monday.  It would have looked extremely bad if he had resigned in front of those generals. It would have created a huge amount of mess,  one senior source within ZANU-PF said. Another political source said the speech was meant to  sanitize  the military s action. ",1
14396,Merkel cancels news conference with Dutch PM as coalition talks fail,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel has canceled a news conference with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that had been planned for Monday, her office said, after German coalition talks collapsed overnight. The chancellery gave no reason for the cancellation of the news conference, which had been scheduled for 1 p.m. (1200 GMT).  Merkel said earlier on Monday her efforts to form a three-way coalition government had failed, thrusting Germany into a political crisis. ",1
14397,U.S. consular office in Zurich evacuated: Blick newspaper,"ZURICH (Reuters) - A United States consular office in the Swiss financial capital Zurich was evacuated on Monday when staff found a suspicious package in the entrance, the Blick newspaper reported, citing staff from the facility. Police confirmed they had deployed in the downtown area but gave no more details. ",1
14398,China upset as Indian president visits disputed border region,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Monday criticized a visit by Indian President Ram Nath Kovind to the remote state of Arunachal Pradesh, which China claims, saying China opposed any activities by Indian leaders in disputed areas. The latest row over Arunachal Pradesh suggests the Asian giants remain far apart, despite recent attempts to defuse tension over a region that China claims as southern Tibet. The Indian president went over the weekend, inaugurating a new state assembly building. For India, the state is where the sun first rises - being its easternmost region - each day, and from here light is spread across the country, he said in a speech to the state assembly. He also remarked on several steps taken by the federal government to advance the state s transport links. Speaking at a daily news briefing in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said that China had never recognized Arunachal Pradesh, but that China s position on the border issue was clear, which was to seek a solution both could accept via talks.   Before the border issue is resolved, both sides should jointly work hard to protect the peace and tranquility of the border region. China resolutely opposes Indian leaders  activities in disputed regions,  Lu said. Sino-India ties are at an important stage in development, and China hopes India does not do anything to complicate the border issue but should instead  create conditions  for border talks and the healthy, stable development of relations, he added. China and India have tried to develop two-ways ties in recent years but there is still deep distrust over the border dispute. In April, China slammed India s decision to host Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama in the same region, saying it could cause serious damage to relations. ",1
14399,U.N. urges Japan to resettle more refugees after taking just three in first half,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The U.N. refugee agency has urged Japan to resettle more asylum seekers, its chief said on Monday, pressuring the country to  help solve a global crisis after giving refugee status to just three people in the first half of the year. Japan is one of the developed world s least welcoming countries for asylum seekers. It accepted 28 in 2016, despite applications from a record 10,091 people. It has since 2008 given home to limited numbers of refugees through a so-called third-country resettlement scheme, resettling a total of 152 people - mostly ethnic Karen people from Myanmar living in Thai and Malaysian camps.  That program is very small, about 20-30 refugees a year,  U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi told a news conference in Tokyo.  I have asked the government to consider whether it could be expanded.  Japan s reluctance to accept refugees mirrors a wider caution towards immigration in a nation where many pride themselves on cultural and ethnic homogeneity.  Its record at home has drawn sharp criticism from international human rights groups, and has been at odds with its traditional status as a major international donor on refugees.  But Japan s donations to the UNHCR have slipped: in the year to Oct. 2, it was the fourth-largest donor, giving $152 million, compared to the second-largest four years ago.      Contributions from the government to the UNHCR have been declining a little bit every year since 2013,  Grandi said.  What I asked the government to consider is that the needs of refugees and displaced people are increasing.  More than 2 million people fleeing wars or persecution have joined the ranks of the world s refugees this year. At the end of last year, the latest figure available, 17.2 million refugees fell under the UNHCR s mandate. Japan says that many people claim asylum in Japan to find work, encouraged by access to renewable work permits for people applying for refugee status. It officially rejects unskilled migrant workers, even as a fast-shrinking and ageing population blunts the potency of government efforts to rouse the economy from over two decades of sluggish growth and deflation. The Justice Ministry, which oversees refugee recognition, is weighing steps including restrictions on work permits for asylum seekers to curb what it deems  abusive  applications.  ",1
14400,Macron says not in French interests for German coalition talks to stall,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron said on Monday he had spoken with German Chancellor Angela Merkel late on Sunday when her efforts to form a coalition government collapsed and that it was not in French interests for the process to stall.  It s not in our interests that the process freezes up,  Macron told reporters in Paris.   Germany s pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) unexpectedly pulled out after more than four weeks of talks with Merkel s conservative bloc and the ecologist Greens, citing irreconcilable differences. ",1
14401,Zimbabwe war vets to launch court case to legalize military action to oust Mugabe,HARARE (Reuters) - The leader of Zimbabwe s war veterans Chris Mutsvangwa said on Monday he would initiate court action to legalize the military action against President Robert Mugabe after the army seized power on Wednesday. The 93-year-old president defied expectations that he would resign in a national address on Sunday night during which he was flanked by military generals.  ,1
14402,Indonesia parliament speaker taken into custody by anti-graft agency,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s parliament speaker, Setya Novanto, has been taken into custody by the anti-corruption agency after being arrested over his alleged role in causing state losses of $170 million linked to a national electronic identity card scheme. Novanto, clad in an orange vest worn by detainees of the Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK), was transferred from a hospital on Sunday night into a KPK detention facility. He is one of the most senior politicians to be detained by the agency, popular among ordinary Indonesians for targeting members of the establishment suspected of abuse of power.  Novanto was arrested on Friday night but his detention was postponed while he received treatment for injuries suffered in a car crash the day before.  Delay of the arrest is no longer needed,  as a medical statement showed Novanto did not need further hospital treatment, Laode Muhammad Syarif, the deputy head of the agency, said in a video on its official Periscope page.   On Sunday night, Novanto told reporters he was still suffering from vertigo after the crash that he said had injured  a leg, an arm and his head.  I thought I would be given time for recovery, but I obey the law,  Novanto was quoted by news website Kumparan.com as saying. Novanto will be held for 20 days for questioning, said KPK spokesman Febri Diansyah. He will be detained in a sparsely-furnished holding cell with some mattresses and a shared toilet. Graft agency officials tried to arrest Novanto, the chairman of Golkar, Indonesia s second-largest party and partner in the ruling coalition, at his house in Jakarta late on Wednesday. But they failed to find him, sparking speculation that he had gone into hiding. Later, Novanto was involved in a car accident and his lawyer, Fredrich Yunadi, said a journalist was driving the vehicle and interviewing his client at the time. The car crash was found to be an accident, media cited Jakarta s deputy director of traffic police as saying, dismissing speculation that the mishap was staged.      Novanto has denied wrongdoing but has repeatedly missed summonses for questioning by the agency in recent months, saying he was ill and needed heart surgery. The agency is investigating state losses of about $170 million after allegations that sums ranging from $5,000 to $5.5 million, generated by marking up procurement costs for the ID cards, were divided up among politicians in parliament. Novanto was named a suspect on Nov. 10 again after he had used a controversial legal maneuver, a pre-trial motion, to get earlier charges dropped last month. President Joko Widodo told reporters on Monday that he had asked Novanto to  follow the legal process .  The KPK has been collaborating with the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation on the case, said agency spokesman Diansyah. The FBI has been investigating the activities of Johannes Marliem, a U.S.-based contractor for the ID card scheme, who later committed suicide in Los Angeles.    The parliament speaker s legal battle with the graft agency has gripped Indonesia, with newspaper front pages splashing the story and social media circulating memes mocking him. Novanto gained a measure of international fame in September 2015 when Donald Trump, then a U.S. presidential candidate, hailed him as a  great man  at a news conference.  Do they like me in Indonesia?  Trump asked after introducing Novanto to reporters at Trump Tower.  Yes, highly,  Novanto replied. ",1
14403,"Zimbabwe's Mugabe has drafted resignation letter, CNN says","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe has agreed to stand down and his resignation letter has been drafted, CNN said on Monday, citing a source familiar with his negotiations with the generals who seized power in Harare last week. Under the terms of the deal, Mugabe and his wife Grace would be granted full immunity, CNN said. Two senior government sources told Reuters late on Sunday that Mugabe had agreed to resign but did not know details of his departure. ",1
14404,Twenty Chinese Uighurs use blankets to escape Thai cell,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Twenty ethnic Uighur Muslims from China broke out of a detention center near the Thai-Malaysia border, Thai officials said on Monday, after digging holes in the wall and using blankets as ladders. The 20 were part of the last remaining group of more than 200 Uighurs who were detained in 2014. Members of the group identified themselves as Turkish citizens and asked to be sent to Turkey but more than 100 were forcibly returned to China in July 2015, a move that sparked international condemnation, including from rights groups who feared they could face torture in China. Hundreds of people have died in recent years in China s troubled far western region of Xinjiang due to violence between majority Han Chinese and Uighurs, who speak a Turkic language. Over the years, hundreds, possibly thousands, of Uighurs have escaped unrest in Xinjiang by traveling clandestinely via Southeast Asia to Turkey.  Twenty-five Uighurs dug through their cell wall using broken tiles and then used blankets to climb out of the cell to make their dramatic escape from the detention center in Thailand s southern Songkhla province, immigration officials said. Five were caught but the rest fled, officials said.  Twenty are still at large,  Police Captain Prasit Timmakarn, sub-inspector of the detention center, told Reuters, adding:  Heavy rain helped to mask the loud escape noises.  Prasit said authorities have set up checkpoints along the border. In August 2015, a bomb planted at Bangkok s Erawan shrine killed 20 people, most of them foreign tourists. Thai police  arrested two Uighur men who are still on trial. Authorities said the attack was prompted by an earlier crackdown on human smuggling networks but many analysts and diplomats said it was likely an act of revenge for Thailand s deportation to China of the more than 100 Uighurs. The Chinese government has blamed much of the Xinjiang unrest on separatist Islamist militants, though rights groups and exiles say that anger over tightening Chinese controls on the religion and culture of Uighurs is more to blame. China routinely denies any repression in Xinjiang. ",1
14405,Philippines' Duterte keeps open pit mining ban in policy clash,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has not lifted a ban on open pit mining, his spokesman said on Monday, going against the stance of a government panel and the environment minister who are seeking to reverse the policy. Open pit mining is allowed under the laws of the Southeast Asian country, the world s top nickel ore exporter. But, the former environment minister Regina Lopez banned it during her 10 months in office, saying the environmental degradation ruined the economic potential of places where it was done. The Mining Industry Coordinating Council (MICC), an inter-agency panel that makes recommendations on mining policy, last month asked the Department of Environment and Natural Resources to lift the ban. Roy Cimatu, the new Environment and Natural Resources Secretary, supports removing the ban. Cimatu replaced Lopez when she stepped down in May after the Philippine Congress voted not to confirm her.  I assure you that this is one of the instances when I personally asked the President if there s been a change in policy. And he says that s there s still no new policy on this, there s still a ban on new open pit mining,  Harry Roque, Duterte s spokesman, told a media briefing. Roque said he was unsure whether the MICC recommendation has reached Duterte. The MICC is co-chaired by Cimatu and Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez. Calls and messages to Cimatu seeking comment were not immediately returned. But Finance Undersecretary Bayani Agabin, who is an alternate for Dominguez on the MICC, said the policy on open pit mining is under Duterte s authority.  The President has the final say on the matter,  Agabin told Reuters in a text message. The ban would only affect new projects. Lifting the ban could open the door for some big-ticket ventures including the $5.9 billion Tampakan copper and gold mine. The Tampakan project in South Cotabato province on the island of Mindanao is the nation s biggest stalled mining venture. Operator Glencore Plc to quit the project in 2015 but development was first halted after South Cotabato banned open-pit mining in 2010.  Lopez has said the project would cover an area the size of 700 soccer fields in what otherwise would be agricultural land. Duterte said in September he agreed with the open-pit mining ban given the environmental damage it causes, but would give mining firms time to find other ways to extract minerals. ",1
14406,Three dead after suspected gas leak at PetroChina refinery: media,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Three workers were killed and six others injured during a suspected gas leak at a PetroChina-operated refinery in Dalian on Saturday evening, state media said on Monday. The men working for Henan Yanling Jingshun Petrochemical Machinery Equipment Co Ltd were carrying out maintenance at the West Pacific Petrochemical Corp (WEPEC) plant, in northeast Liaoning province. They were thought to have been poisoned by hydrogen sulphide, a highly toxic gas found in natural gas and crude petroleum, the China News report said. A PetroChina spokesperson could not immediately comment on the accident. A WEPEC official said production at the 200,000-barrels per day plant had not been affected by the accident.  The Dalian government is investigating the cause of the incident, the China News report said. ",1
14407,President Mugabe stuns Zimbabwe by defying pressure to resign,"HARARE (Reuters) - President Robert Mugabe stunned Zimbabwe on Sunday by making no mention of resignation in a television address, defying his own ZANU-PF party, which had sacked him hours earlier, and hundreds of thousands of protesters who had already hailed his downfall. Two sources - one a senior member of the government, the other familiar with talks with leaders of the military - had told Reuters Mugabe would announce his resignation to the nation after ZANU-PF dismissed him as its leader in a move precipitated by an army takeover four days earlier. But in the speech from his State House office, sitting alongside a row of generals, Mugabe acknowledged criticisms from ZANU-PF, the military and the public but made no mention of his own position. Instead, he said the events of the week were not  a challenge to my authority as head of state and government , and pledged to preside over the congress scheduled for next month. Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai was dumbstruck.  I am baffled. It s not just me, it s the whole nation. He s playing a game,  he told Reuters.  He is trying to manipulate everyone. He has let the whole nation down.  ZANU-PF had given the 93-year-old, who has led his country since independence in 1980, less than 24 hours to quit as head of state or face impeachment, an attempt to secure a peaceful end to his tenure after a de facto military coup. Chris Mutsvangwa, the leader of the liberation war veterans who have been spearheading an 18-month campaign to oust Mugabe, said plans to impeach him in parliament, which next sits on Tuesday, would now go ahead, and that there would be mass protests on Wednesday. He also implied that Mugabe, who spoke with a firm voice but occasionally lost his way in his script during the 20-minute address, was not aware of what had happened just hours earlier.  Either somebody within ZANU-PF didn t tell him what had happened within his own party, so he went and addressed that meeting oblivious, or (he was) blind or deaf to what his party has told him,  Mutsvangwa said. ZANU-PF s central committee had earlier named Emmerson Mnangagwa as its new leader. It was Mugabe s sacking of Mnangagwa as his vice-president - to pave the way for his wife Grace to succeed him - that triggered the army s intervention. On Saturday, hundreds of thousands had taken to the streets of the capital Harare to celebrate Mugabe s expected downfall and hail a new era for their country. In jubilant scenes, men, women and children ran alongside armoured cars and the troops who stepped in to target what the army called  criminals  in Mugabe s inner circle. Many heralded a  second liberation  and spoke of their dreams for political and economic change after two decades of deepening repression and hardship. They, like the more than 3 million Zimbabweans who have emigrated to neighbouring South Africa in search of a better life, are likely to be bitterly disappointed by Mugabe s defiance. Speaking from a secret location in South Africa, his nephew, Patrick Zhuwao, had told Reuters that Mugabe and his wife were  ready to die for what is correct  rather than step down in order to legitimise what he described as a coup. Zhuwao, who was also sanctioned by ZANU-PF, did not answer his phone on Sunday. However, Mugabe s son Chatunga railed against those who had pushed out his father.  You can t fire a Revolutionary leader!  he wrote on this Facebook page.  ZANU-PF is nothing without President Mugabe.  The huge crowds in Harare have given a quasi-democratic veneer to the army s intervention, backing its assertion that it is merely effecting a constitutional transfer of power, rather than a plain coup, which would risk a diplomatic backlash. But some of Mugabe s opponents are uneasy about the prominent role played by the military, and fear Zimbabwe might be swapping one army-backed autocrat for another, rather than allowing the people to choose their next leader.  The real danger of the current situation is that, having got their new preferred candidate into State House, the military will want to keep him or her there, no matter what the electorate wills,  former education minister David Coltart said. The United States, a longtime Mugabe critic, said it was looking forward to a new era in Zimbabwe, while President Ian Khama of neighbouring Botswana said Mugabe had no diplomatic support in the region and should resign at once. Besides changing its leadership, ZANU-PF said it wanted to change the constitution to reduce the power of the president, a possible sign of a desire to move towards a more pluralistic and inclusive political system. However, Mnangagwa s history as state security chief during the so-called Gukurahundi crackdown, when an estimated 20,000 people were killed by the North Korean-trained Fifth Brigade in Matabeleland in the early 1980s, suggested that quick, sweeping change was unlikely.  The deep state that engineered this change of leadership will remain, thwarting any real democratic reform,  said Miles Tendi, a Zimbabwean academic at Oxford University. ",1
14408,Satellite calls yield no clues on missing Argentine submarine,"MAR DEL PLATA, Argentina (Reuters) - A storm on Sunday complicated efforts to find an Argentine navy submarine missing in the South Atlantic with 44 crew members, while satellite calls thought to come from the vessel did not help searchers identify the vessel s location.  The defense ministry has said the ARA San Juan appeared to try to make contact through seven failed satellite calls on Saturday between late morning and early afternoon. The vessel was 432 km (268 miles) off Argentina s coast when its location was last known early on Wednesday. As waves of up to 8 meters (20 feet) and winds reaching 40 knots complicated the search by sea, authorities spent Sunday trying to trace the submarine s location through data from the satellite calls without significant progress, a navy official told reporters.  We analyzed these signals, which as we know were  intermittent and weak,  said Gabriel Galeazzi, a naval commander.  They could not help determine a point on the map to help the search.  U.S. satellite communications company Iridium Communications Inc, which was brought in to help analyze the calls, said they did not originate with its device aboard the vessel and may have been from another satellite communications company s equipment.  It said the last call it detected from its device was on Wednesday, the same day the government said the vessel vanished. More than a dozen boats and aircraft from Argentina, the United States, Britain, Chile and Brazil had joined the effort. Authorities have mainly been scanning the sea from above as the storm made the search difficult for boats, navy Admiral Gabriel Gonzalez told reporters.   Unfortunately these conditions are expected to remain for the next 48 hours,  Gonzalez said from the Mar del Plata naval base, about 420 km (240 miles) south of Buenos Aires where the submarine had been heading toward before vanishing. A search of 80 percent of the area initially targeted for the operation turned up no sign of the submarine on the ocean s surface, but the crew should have ample supplies of food and oxygen, Balbi said. The navy said an electrical outage on the diesel-electric-propelled vessel might have downed its communications. Protocol calls for submarines to surface if communication is lost. Three boats left Mar del Plata on Saturday with radar detection probes and were following the path that the submarine would have taken to arrive at the base in reverse, Balbi said.   Those probes allow the boats to sweep the ocean floor during their journey and try to make a record of the floor in three dimensions,  Balbi said. The U.S. Navy said its four aircraft were carrying a submarine rescue chamber designed during World War II that can reach a bottomed submarine at depths of 850 feet and rescue up to six people at a time. The chamber can seal over the submarine s hatch to allow sailors to move between the vessels. It said it also brought a remote-controlled vehicle that can be submerged and controlled from the surface  The dramatic search has captivated the nation of 44 million, which recently mourned the loss of five citizens killed when a truck driver plowed through a bicycle path in New York City. Crew members  relatives gathered at the Mar del Plata naval base, where the submarine had once been expected to arrive around noon on Sunday from Ushuaia. However, it would not be unusual for storms to cause delays, Balbi said. At the entrance of the base, locals hung signs with messages in support of the crew members and their families on a chain-link fence.   Strength for Argentina. We trust in God. We are waiting for you,  read a message inscribed on a celestial blue-and-white Argentine flag hanging on the fence.   Let s go, men of steel. We are waiting for you at home,  read a message written on a picture of the submarine. Argentine-born Pope Francis mentioned the missing vessel in his Sunday noon prayer.  I also pray for the men of the crew of the Argentine military submarine which is missing,  the pontiff said. The ARA San Juan was inaugurated in 1983, making it the newest of the three submarines in the navy s fleet. Built in Germany, it underwent maintenance in 2008 in Argentina. That maintenance included the replacement of its four diesel engines and its electric propeller engines, according to specialist publication Jane s Sentinel. ",1
14409,China's Chongqing renews attacks on former disgraced leaders,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The government of the southwestern Chinese city of Chongqing renewed its attacks on two of its disgraced former leaders on Monday, saying one had set up an  independent kingdom  while the other was a lazy deceiver. Chongqing, one of China s most important cities, is perhaps best known outside China for its association with its one-time party boss, Bo Xilai, once himself a contender for top leadership before being jailed for life in 2013 in a dramatic corruption scandal. In July, another of its party chiefs, Sun Zhengcai, was sacked after he was accused of corruption. Sun, who has yet to face a court, had also been seen as a contender for promotion to the highest echelons of power in China. Chongqing is now run by Chen Miner, a close ally of President Xi Jinping, who has made fighting deeply ingrained corruption a cornerstone of his administration. Chen has vowed to root out graft in the city. In a front page commentary, the official Chongqing Daily said there could be no excuses for ignoring party instructions, especially on party discipline issues.  Bo Xilai raised his own flag, started something new in order to be different, and set up an independent kingdom,  the paper wrote, in apparent reference to his  Chongqing model  policy of more equal growth and flashy infrastructure projects. Bo, a former commerce minister, turned the sprawling, haze-covered municipality into a showcase for his mix of populist policies and bold spending plans that won support from leftists yearning for a charismatic leader. His campaign against crime was also crucial in making him the country s most prominent provincial-level leader, and a popular one at that. But he was ousted after his wife murdered a British businessman and later jailed for a litany of crimes, including bribery, corruption and abuse of power.  Sun, though, has yet to be formally charged. The party has accused him of leaking secrets as well as bribery and abuse of power. The Chongqing Daily did not reveal any other details of what Sun is suspected of, only leveling further broad accusations against him.   Sun Zhengcai practiced lazy and indolent politics, bullied those below and hoodwinked those above, and was passively handled enforcement of decision from the party center,  it added. The actions of Bo and Sun seriously harmed the party and had a malign influence on Chongqing, the paper said. Efforts need to redoubled to root out their  residual poison , it wrote. ",1
14410,Beijing orders safety checks after apartment block fire kills 19,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A fire in a Beijing apartment block that killed 19 people and injured eight has prompted authorities to order city-wide safety checks, state news agency Xinhua reported. The fire broke out on Saturday evening at a three-storey apartment block in Beijing s southern Daxing district, and a probe in to its cause was underway, Xinhua reported, adding that anyone found to be responsible would be punished.  Preliminary investigation showed there was a refrigeration facility in the basement of the apartment, where the fire was likely to have started,  Xinhua said late on Sunday.  Fire fighters said there was heavy smoke in the building but no large flames.  Following the blaze, Beijing s Communist Party boss Cai Qi ordered safety checks throughout the capital, including its outlying villages.  We must take actions and protect people s lives and safeguard the safety and stability of the capital,  Cai said, according to Xinhua. ",1
14411,No deal on tax among German coalition parties: conservative politician,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s would-be coalition partners have not agreed to abolish a tax imposed after reunification to help poorer eastern states, a conservative politician told Reuters on Sunday, retracting his previous remarks that a deal on the issue had been reached. Hans Michelbach, a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative bloc, said earlier that an agreement had been reached with the Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) to abolish the  solidarity tax  by 2021. The FDP had made abolishing the tax, which was due to expire in 2019, an election promise. ",1
14412,China proposed three-phase plan for Rohingya issue,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China has proposed a three-phase plan for resolving the Rohingya crisis, starting with a ceasefire, that has won the support of Myanmar and Bangladesh, the Foreign Ministry said. More than 600,000 Muslim Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since late August driven out by a military clearance operation in Buddhist majority Myanmar s Rakhine State. The Rohingyas  suffering has caused an international outcry. Visiting the Myanmar capital Naypyitaw, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said China believed that the issue could be addressed by a solution acceptable to neighbors Myanmar and Bangladesh through consultations. A ceasefire should be followed by bilateral dialogue to find a workable solution, the ministry website reported late on Sunday. The third and final phase should be to work toward a long-term solution. Wang said a ceasefire was basically in place already, and the key now was to prevent a flare-up. He hoped the two sides could soon sign and implement an agreement already reached on repatriation. The international community and the United Nations Security Council should give encouragement and support to both countries  to create the necessary conditions and a good environment , it quoted Wang as saying at a joint press conference with Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar s de facto leader. Myanmar was supportive of the Chinese plan, as was Bangladesh, where Wang visited earlier in the weekend. In Dhaka Wang said the international community should not complicate the situation.  ",1
14413,Satellite signals not helpful to Argentine submarine search: navy official,"MAR DEL PLATA, Argentina (Reuters) - Seven satellite calls that Argentine officials detected recently believed to have come from a navy submarine missing in the South Atlantic have not helped to determine the vessel s location, a navy official said on Sunday.  We analyzed these signals, which as we know were  intermittent and weak,  said Gabriel Galeazzi, a naval commander.  They could not help determine a point on the map to help the search.   ",1
14414,Pinera leads Chile election with 36 percent after partial count,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Conservative Sebastian Pinera took an early lead in Chile s presidential election on Sunday evening, garnering 36.13 percent of votes, with 6.44 percent of ballots counted, Chile s electoral agency Servel said. Center-left Alejandro Guillier had 22.62 percent and leftist Beatriz Sanchez had 20.78 percent. Chileans were voting for a successor to President Michelle Bachelet. Sebastian Pinera, a former president, has long been the favorite to come in first but is not forecast to win the 50 percent of votes needed to avoid a December runoff. ",1
14415,Israeli minister reveals covert contacts with Saudi Arabia,"JERUSALEM/RIYADH (Reuters) - An Israeli cabinet minister said on Sunday that Israel has had covert contacts with Saudi Arabia amid common concerns over Iran, a first disclosure by a senior official from either country of long-rumoured secret dealings. The Saudi government had no immediate response to Israeli Energy Minister Yuval Steinitz s remarks. A spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also did not respond immediately to a request to comment. Both Saudi Arabia and Israel view Iran as a main threat to the Middle East and increased tension between Tehran and Riyadh has fuelled speculation that shared interests may push Saudi Arabia and Israel to work together. Saudi Arabia maintains that any relations with Israel hinge on Israeli withdrawal from Arab lands captured in the 1967 Middle East war, territory Palestinians seek for a future state.  U.S. President Donald Trump s peace envoys, seeking an Israeli-Palestinian agreement with regional support, have visited Saudi Arabia several times since he took office. In an interview on Army Radio, Steinitz, a member of  Netanyahu s security cabinet, did not characterise the contacts or give details when asked why Israel was  hiding its ties  with Saudi Arabia. He replied:  We have ties that are indeed partly covert with many Muslim and Arab countries, and usually (we are) the party that is not ashamed.   It s the other side that is interested in keeping the ties quiet. With us, usually, there is no problem, but we respect the other side s wish, when ties are developing, whether it s with Saudi Arabia or with other Arab countries or other Muslim countries, and there is much more ... (but) we keep it secret.  In an interview with Reuters on Thursday, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir, asked about reports of cooperation with Israel, cited a Saudi peace initiative, first adopted in 2002 by the Arab League, as key to forging any relationship.  We have always said that if the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is resolved on the basis of the Arab peace initiative that Israel would have enjoyed normal relations, economic, political, diplomatic relations with all of the Arab countries, and so until that happens, we don t have relations with Israel,  he said. That plan makes those relations contingent on a full withdrawal by Israel from territory it captured in the 1967 Middle East war, including East Jerusalem. Netanyahu has expressed tentative support for parts of the initiative, but there are many caveats on the Israeli side. Hussein Ibish, senior resident scholar at the Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington, said Steinitz s remarks  won t surprise anyone who s been paying attention to the budding courtship between Israel and Saudi Arabia, which is being especially pushed by the Israeli side . Last week, the Israeli military chief, Lieutenant General Gadi Eizenkot, told an Arabic language online newspaper that Israel was ready to share  intelligence information  with Saudi Arabia, saying their countries had a common interest in standing up to Iran. Saudi Arabia has ratcheted up pressure on Iran, accusing Tehran of trying to expand its influence in Arab countries, often through proxies including the Lebanese Shi ite Hezbollah group. Ibish said that given the mutual threat perceptions shared by Israel and Gulf Arab countries, it is unlikely that covert ties aren t developing. But he said Israeli officials have tended to exaggerate such interactions in a bid to  drive down the price they may have to pay, especially on Palestinian issues, to expand strategic relations and ties with Arab countries . In public remarks in September, Netanyahu pointed to covert relationships with Arab states, saying, without mentioning any by name, that cooperation exists  in various ways and different levels .  Also in September, Israel Radio reported that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman had secretly met officials in Israel that month, drawing an official denial from Riyadh. Last month, Saudi former intelligence chief Prince Turki bin Faisal shared a stage with ex-Israeli Mossad spy agency director Efraim Halevy at a debate on Iran in a New York synagogue. In 2016, former Saudi general Anwar Eshki visited Israel, where he met Israeli legislators, to promote - as he has at various academic forums - the Saudi peace initiative. (This version of the story corrects Saudi foreign minister s first name in paragraph 9 to Adel, not Abdel) ",1
14416,"Chile's Pinera seen winning 36 percent of vote, Guillier 23 percent: media projection","SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Billionaire and ex-president Sebastian Pinera would come in first in Chile s presidential election on Sunday, but would fall short of the 50 percent of votes necessary to avoid a runoff, Radio Bio-Bio forecast.  Pinera was seen as taking 35.7 percent of the vote, local broadcaster Radio Bio-Bio said after polls closed. His second place rival, center-left Alejandro Guillier, had 23.2 percent, and the third-place leftist Beatriz Sanchez had 20.2 percent. A run-off election would be held December 17. ",1
14417,Iridium says last call from its device on missing Argentine submarine was Wednesday,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - U.S. satellite communications company Iridium Communications Inc (IRDM.O) said on Sunday the last call from its device aboard a missing Argentine submarine was made at 1136 GMT on Wednesday,  the day the vessel vanished.  Argentina s Defense Ministry has said seven failed satellite calls on Saturday may have been from the submarine. In a statement to Reuters, Iridium referred to those reports and said no calls from the vessel were made on its network on Saturday but that there may be equipment from another satellite communications company aboard the submarine. ",1
14418,Greek centrists elect alliance leader to boost popularity,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek centrists elected politician Fofi Gennimata on Sunday to lead a center-left party alliance, hoping to win back voters disillusioned after seven years of crisis and boost their popularity as the country emerges from bailouts. Past attempts by centrists to form parties and alliances have not fared well and the latest bid is seen as a last-ditch effort to restore unity and attract voters, many of whom defected to the ruling leftist Syriza party over the years of painful bailout reforms. The new alliance includes Greece s once-powerful Socialist PASOK party, which Gennimata already leads, the Democratic Socialist Movement, the Democratic Left and the To Potami party. Gennimata won about 58 percent of the vote.  PASOK ruled Greece for decades but has seen its popularity sliding to single-digit figures since 2010, when it signed up to Greece s first bailout from the EU and the International Monetary Fund in return for draconian austerity. It has 19 seats in the 300-member parliament. The centre-left Potami, which was founded in 2014 and first entered parliament with 6.1 percent in a 2015 national election  now ranks eighth in opinion polls with 1.5 percent. It has six MPs. Greece s leftist-led Syriza government was catapulted to power in January 2015 promising to end austerity. It was forced to sign up to a new rescue package, the country s third bailout a few months later. That bailout expires in August.  Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras  term ends in 2019 and he says he will seek a new four-year mandate then. But his ratings have been sagging in opinion polls behind the main opposition, the conservative New Democracy party.     ",1
14419,"Saudi Arabia and Arab allies push for unity against Iran, Hezbollah meddling","CAIRO (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia and other Arab foreign ministers criticized Iran and its Lebanese Shi ite ally Hezbollah at an emergency meeting in Cairo on Sunday, calling for a united front to counter Iranian interference. Regional tensions have risen in recent weeks between Sunni monarchy Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Islamist Iran over Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri s surprise resignation, and an escalation in Yemen s conflict. Hariri, a Saudi ally, resigned on Nov. 4 from Riyadh, accusing Iran and Hezbollah of spreading strife. But Lebanese President Michel Aoun and other politicians accused Saudi Arabia of holding Hariri hostage and said he had been coerced into resigning. Saudi Arabia and Hariri both deny that. Hezbollah, both a military force involved in Syria s war and a political movement, is part of a Lebanese government made up of rival factions, and an ally of Aoun. Saudi Arabia also accuses Hezbollah of a role in the launch of a missile towards Riyadh from Yemen this month. Iran denies accusations that it supplies Houthi forces there.   The kingdom will not stand by and will not hesitate to defend its security,  Saudi Arabia s Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir told the assembly.  We must stand together.  The emergency Arab foreign ministers  meeting was convened at the request of Saudi Arabia with support from the UAE, Bahrain, and Kuwait to discuss means of confronting Iranian intervention. In a declaration after the meeting, the Arab League accused Hezbollah of  supporting terrorism and extremist groups in Arab countries with advanced weapons and ballistic missiles.  It said Arab nations would provide details to the U.N. Security Council of Tehran s violations for arming militias in Yemen.  Lebanon s Arab League representative objected to the declaration accusing Hezbollah of terrorism and said it is part of Lebanon s government, the Hezbollah-affiliated al-Manar television channel reported.  United Arab Emirates  Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Gargash said on Twitter later that the declaration was a  clear message  about joint Arab action against Iran. Yemen s civil war pits the internationally recognized government, backed by Saudi Arabia and its allies, against the Houthis and forces loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh.  Iranian threats have gone beyond all limits and pushed the region into a dangerous abyss,  Arab League Secretary General Ahmed Aboul Gheit said.  Unfortunately countries like the Saudi regime are pursuing divisions and creating differences, and because of this they don t see any results other than divisions,  Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif told Iranian state media on Sunday on the sidelines of a meeting in Antalya. Egypt s foreign minister received a call from U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Sunday when they also discussed regional tensions over Lebanon, the foreign ministry said in a statement. After French intervention, Hariri flew to France and met President Emmanuel Macron in Paris on Saturday. He will arrive in Cairo for a visit on Tuesday, his office said. Speaking in Paris, Hariri said he would clarify his position when he returns to Beirut in the coming days. He said he would take part in Lebanese independence day celebrations, scheduled for Wednesday. ",1
14420,Israel president rejects pardon appeal of soldier who killed prone Palestinian assailant,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel s president on Sunday turned down a pardon request by an ex-conscript who is serving an serving a 14-month jail term for killing an incapacitated Palestinian assailant. In September, Israel s military reduced by four months the 18-month jail term of Elor Azaria who was caught on videotape shooting dead a Palestinian who was lying wounded after taking part in a stabbing attack on other Israeli soldiers in the occupied West Bank city of Hebron in March 2015. A statement issued by President Reuven Rivlin s office said that he had reviewed the plea and after Azaria had already received reductions to his sentence, it would not be right to grant a pardon.  The president believes ... that an additional reduction in punishment would undermine the strength of the military, its values, and of the state of Israel,  part of the statement read. It added that the president understood that Azaria was due to face a parole board shortly and could be released in three months  time.   Azaria became a right-wing cause celebre in Israel, where most Jewish men and women are drafted at 18 for military service. One poll found that nearly half of Israeli Jews believe any Palestinian attacker should be killed on the spot. Azaria said he shot Abd Elfatah Ashareef because he feared the Palestinian could carry out another attack, but a court-martial found contradictions in the testimony and convicted him of manslaughter. The verdict was upheld on appeal. Right-wing ministers and lawmakers, including Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman, criticized Rivlin s decision, saying he should have pardoned Azaria.  President Rivlin had an opportunity to end an affair that has rocked Israeli society,  Lieberman wrote.   Beyond the price that the soldier and his family have paid ... I believe ... that (there is a need) to heal the rifts in society ... we must not forget that this was a case of (Azaria), an exemplary soldier (facing) a terrorist who came to kill.  After being discharged from the military, Azaria went to prison in August and appealed to the armed forces chief, Lieutenant-General Gadi Eizenkot, to reconsider his sentence, citing the cost to his family of the acrimonious trial. In a response letter, the military informed Azaria that Eizenkot had decided to cut the jail term  on grounds of compassion and mercy ... taking into account your past as a combat soldier in an operational theater . But the letter also faulted the former soldier over  grave actions for which you did not take responsibility and for which you did not express regret,  adding that  the important messages in the court rulings should be heeded . The Palestinian government said Azaria s jail term had given Israeli soldiers a  green light  to kill with impunity. Under Israeli law, manslaughter can carry a maximum 20 years behind bars. Military prosecutors had asked the appeals court to impose a three- to five-year sentence on Azaria, but were turned down. ",1
14421,Zimbabwe opposition leader 'baffled' by Mugabe decision to stay,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai said he was  baffled  by President Robert Mugabe s address to the nation on Sunday when the veteran leader defied widespread expectations that he would resign.  I am baffled. It s not just me, it s the whole nation. He s playing a game. He has let the whole nation down,  Tsvangirai told Reuters. ",1
14422,Israeli police resume interview of Netanyahu in corruption probe,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli police officers on Sunday questioned Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the sixth time in a corruption probe, a police spokeswoman said. Investigators arrived by car in late afternoon to Netanyahu s official residence in Jerusalem where past interrogations have taken place, and disappeared behind security gates.  Police said Netanyahu was questioned for several hours at his residence in an ongoing fraud investigation under the oversight of the state attorney, the country s chief prosecutor, and with the authorisation of the attorney-general. No charges have been brought against Netanyahu, who has been in power since 2009 and has denied wrongdoing. He is a suspect in two cases, one involving the receipt of gifts from businessmen and the other related to alleged conversations he held with an Israeli newspaper publisher about limiting competition in the news sector in exchange for more positive coverage. Police said earlier this month that a top Netanyahu confidant had been questioned as part of a different investigation into a $2 billion submarine deal with Germany. ",1
14423,Palestinians say they won't be blackmailed by U.S. move to close PLO office,"RAMALLAH/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Palestinian officials expressed surprise on Saturday at a U.S. decision to close the Palestine Liberation Organization office in Washington unless the group enters peace negotiations with Israel, and said they would not surrender to blackmail. A U.S. State Department official said that under legislation passed by Congress, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson could not renew a certification that expired this month for the PLO office,  given certain statements made by the Palestinian leaders about the International Criminal Court.  The law says the PLO, the main Palestinian umbrella political body, cannot operate a Washington office if it urges the ICC to prosecute Israelis for alleged crimes against Palestinians. In an address to the United Nations General Assembly in September, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said the Palestinian Authority called on the ICC  to open an investigation and to prosecute Israeli officials for their involvement in settlement activities and aggressions against our people.  The State Department official added that restrictions on the PLO in the United States, including the operation of its Washington office, could be waived after 90 days if U.S. President Donald Trump  determines the Palestinians have entered into direct, meaningful negotiations with Israel.   We are hopeful that this closure will be short-lived,  said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. According to the official Palestinian news agency WAFA, the Palestinian presidency expressed surprise at the U.S. move, which was first reported by the Associated Press. WAFA quoted Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad Al-Maliki as saying that Palestinian leaders would not give in to blackmail or pressure regarding the operation of the PLO office or negotiations on an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement. The agency quoted a spokesman for Abbas, Nabil Abu Rdainah, expressing surprise, given that meetings between Abbas and Trump had been  characterized by full understanding of the steps needed to create a climate for resumption of the peace process.      A Palestinian official who spoke on condition of anonymity told Reuters the State Department had informed the Palestinians of the decision on Wednesday.  It was not immediately clear what effect the State Department s move might have on the Trump administration s efforts to revive peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians, which are led by Jared Kushner, the U.S. president s son-in-law and senior adviser.    Abbas  spokesman called the U.S. move an unprecedented step in U.S.-Palestinian relations that would have serious consequences for the peace process and U.S.-Arab relations, according to WAFA. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement on Saturday:  This is a matter of U.S. law. We respect the decision and look forward to continuing to work with the U.S. to advance peace and security in the region.  The State Department official said the U.S. move did not amount to cutting off relations with the PLO or signal an intention to stop working with the Palestinian Authority.  We remain focused on a comprehensive peace agreement between the Israelis and the Palestinians that will resolve core issues between the parties,  the official said. ",1
14424,Lebanon's Hariri to visit Egypt on Tuesday: Hariri's office,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri, who announced his resignation as Lebanese prime minister in a televised broadcast from Saudi Arabia on Nov. 4, will visit Egypt on Tuesday to meet Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, Hariri s office said on Sunday. Hariri has since Saturday been in Paris, where he met French President Emmanuel Macron, and has said he will return to Lebanon by Wednesday for its Independence Day celebrations. Lebanese President Michel Aoun has said he will not accept Hariri s resignation until it is delivered in person and all sides in Beirut have called for his speedy return. A leader in Hariri s Future Movement had earlier told Reuters Hariri would visit Egypt on Monday. The resignation sparked a political crisis in Lebanon and put it on the front line of a regional power struggle between Saudi Arabia and Iran.  Hariri criticized Iran and its ally Hezbollah, which is in Lebanon s coalition government, in his resignation statement, and said he feared assassination. Apart from a brief trip to Abu Dhabi, he remained in Saudi Arabia until he flew to France. His stay in the kingdom led to accusations from Lebanese officials and politicians that Saudi Arabia had coerced him to resign, which he and Riyadh denied.  On Friday, Hariri tweeted that his presence there was for  consultations on the future of the situation in Lebanon and its relations with the surrounding Arab region . On Sunday, Arab League foreign ministers held an emergency meeting in Cairo, requested by Saudi Arabia, to discuss ways to confront Iran and Hezbollah over their role in the region.  In a statement afterwards, the ministers accused Hezbollah of supporting terrorism in Arab countries.  Lebanese Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil did not attend. ",1
14425,Zimbabwe's Mugabe defies expectations of immediate resignation,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s President Robert Mugabe defied expectations he would resign on Sunday, pledging to preside over a ZANU-PF congress next month even though the ruling party had removed him as its leader hours earlier. ZANU-PF had given the 93-year-old less than 24 hours to quit as head of state or face impeachment, an attempt to secure a peaceful end to his tenure after a de facto coup. Mugabe said in a address on state television that he acknowledged criticism against him from ZANU-PF, the military and the public, but did not comment on the possibility of standing down. ",1
14426,Zimbabwe war vets leader says Mugabe will be impeached,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - The leader of Zimbabwe s war veterans said on Sunday plans to impeach President Robert Mugabe would go ahead as scheduled after the 93-year-old leader defied expectations that he would resign in a national address. Chris Mutsvangwa, who has been leading a campaign to oust Mugabe, told Reuters in a text message moments after Mugabe finished his speech that people would take to the streets of Harare on Wednesday. ",1
14427,Algeria picks up 286 boat migrants en route to Europe,"ALGIERS (Reuters) - Algeria s coastguard has picked up 286 illegal migrants heading across the Mediterranean to Europe by boat, the Defence Ministry has said. The migrants were detained on several boats between Thursday and Saturday, according to a ministry statement carried on Sunday by the state news agency, APS. Algeria has so far seen relatively few attempts to cross to Europe by boat, compared to the hundreds of thousands of mostly African would-be migrants who have set off in search of prosperity or security from elsewhere along the north African coast, mostly from Libya. Most illegal crossings from Algeria take place in summer, when sailing conditions are more favorable. Neighboring Tunisia has recently seen a surge in such departures as young unemployed people seek work in Italy. Algeria s economy is also suffering as its vital energy revenues have been hit by a sharp fall in prices. ",1
14428,EU's Tusk says alarmed that Poland's policy resembles 'Kremlin's plan',"WARSAW (Reuters) - European Council President Donald Tusk said on Sunday he was alarmed by the similarity of policies pursued by Poland s right-wing government to what he described as  Kremlin s plan . Poland s ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party has been increasingly at loggerheads with the EU and Tusk since coming to office in late 2015, although the acrimony between Tusk and PiS dates back many years. The PiS is locked in disputes with the bloc over immigration, logging of an ancient forest and putting courts and media under more  government control. Tusk, Poland s former prime minister and the arch-rival of PiS leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski, won a second term in March as chairman of EU summit meetings - with Poland the only country to vote against his extension.  Alarm! A vehement dispute with Ukraine, isolation in the European Union, departure from the rule of law and independent courts, attack on non-governmental sector and free media - PiS strategy or Kremlin s plan?  Tusk tweeted.  Too similar to rest easy.      Tusk was referring to, among other things, the fact that Ukraine summoned the Polish ambassador in Kiev on Saturday after Poland denied entry to a Ukrainian official in an escalation of a diplomatic spat over the two neighbors  troubled past. Tusk did not provide details of what he described as the  Kremlin s plan . In May, Tusk urged Group of Seven leaders on to stick to their sanctions policy on Russia over the Ukraine crisis. Tusk also sided with member nations such as Poland and the Baltic states in their efforts to oppose a new pipeline connecting Russia and Germany.  The Polish government denies all charges from Brussels that it is undermining the rule of law or isolating Poland in Europe, saying it needs to overhaul Poland s ineffective legal system and stand up for Poland s interests in the EU. A majority of EU lawmakers on Wednesday demanded punishment for the eurosceptic government in Poland, saying it was undermining the rule of law and promoting intolerance. In a response to Tusk s comment, Prime Minister Beata Szydlo tweeted:   @donaldtusk as @eucopresident has done nothing for Poland. Today, using his position to attack the Polish government, he is attacking Poland.  In March, Poland s defense minister accused Tusk of working with Russian President Vladimir Putin to harm Polish interests following the 2010 plane crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski - Jaroslaw s twin brother - and 95 others.  In April, Tusk testified for eight hours in a separate intelligence probe by Warsaw s right-wing government that he described as a smear campaign to discredit him. ",1
14429,"As Canada prepares for legal pot, ex-cops get into the business","TORONTO (Reuters) - A former Canadian police chief and several colleagues who fought against making marijuana use legal have switched sides and embraced the looming legalization of cannabis with a leap into business. With Canada s legalization of a multi-billion dollar marijuana industry set for next year, former police officers who once argued for mandatory jail time for minor marijuana offences are among those in line to capitalize on the change. The most high profile is Julian Fantino, a former Toronto police chief and Conservative cabinet minister who fought against the legalization of pot and who said he now sees the value of a legal medical pot industry.  For a lot of us, until you get into this thing, all we know is the stigma associated with marijuana. And there is that, of course, but ... it s only a matter of time, before it becomes a recognized, therapeutic, prescribed drug,  Fantino said in an interview. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau promised to legalize recreational marijuana use in his 2015 election campaign and new legislation will let adults grow, buy or possess small amounts of marijuana as of July 1, 2018. Under the new law, private or government retailers will be able to sell marijuana and licensed producers will be able to grow it. The Canadian cannabis black market is estimated to be worth between C$7 billion ($5.77 billion) and C$10 billion a year, with rates of youth use among the highest in the world. Analysts expect it will take time for legal trade to push aside unsanctioned competition. Fantino and his partners - a former Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer, a former fire chief and a former member of parliament - are promoting their company Aleafia, which provides patients with authorizations for medical marijuana, as well as other medical services. Medical marijuana is already legal. Fantino said he would  absolutely  be pursuing the business even if Canada was not legalizing the lucrative recreational industry. But his change of heart has met with skepticism in some circles. Toronto Star newspaper columnist Royson James wrote  the hypocrisy stinks to high heaven.  On Twitter, pot activist Jodie Emery called the news  infuriating.   The Canadian Broadcasting Corp introduced an interview with Fantino by noting he had  once compared weed to murder.  Fantino said the quote was taken out of context and he  did what I could to apply the laws of the land with conscience.  Other ex-cops are getting into the business side of marijuana. Former deputy Toronto police chief Kim Derry has been involved in medical marijuana businesses since 2012. Derry is president of Met-Scan Canada, which he said provides security for about half a dozen marijuana growers. He expects that number to grow once recreational production becomes legal.  From a background of criminal activity, I certainly know how (grow operations) operated in the past,  Derry said.  I know all the pieces, through a chain of supply, where there s weaknesses.  The government s effort to legalize marijuana is headed up by another former Toronto police chief, Bill Blair, who succeeded Fantino in 2005 before they both turned to politics. Blair said retired police officers have been getting calls for advice on medical marijuana production since related laws came into effect in 2013.   I think many are being sought out for their expertise in public service and regulatory law and security around these things,  he said, adding he does not think its unseemly for police officers to make money off cannabis.  For me, it s entirely consistent with my life s work and I wouldn t comment on anyone else s history or motives.  Pot possession remains illegal until July and Canadians continue to be prosecuted for it - 17,733 people in 2016, according to Statistics Canada. Studies have found marginalized communities are disproportionately targeted. The government is developing ways to track each marijuana plant from seed to point of sale and test for quality. It has yet to draft detailed advertising rules or finalize tax levels. ",1
14430,"Iranian Revolutionary Guards commander, another fighter, killed in Syria: Iranian media","BEIRUT (Reuters) - A commander in Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards and a lower-ranking Iranian fighter have been killed fighting Islamic State in Syria in recent days, Iranian media reported on Sunday. The Revolutionary Guards, Iran s most powerful military force which also oversees an economic empire worth billions of dollars, have been fighting in support of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad for several years. An Iranian official told the Tasnim news agency last year that more than 1,000 Iranians have been killed in Syria. Senior members of the Guards have been among those killed. Kheyrollah Samadi, a Guards commander in charge of a unit in Syria, died on Thursday in fighting in the Albu Kamal region, bordering Iraq, according to Fars News. Samadi was killed in clashes with Islamic State, according to the Ghatreh news site. Iranian media have previously reported on fighting in that area between Iran s Shi ite militia allies and Islamic State. The Syrian army and its allies took complete control over Albu Kamal, Islamic State s last significant town in Syria, a military news service run by Hezbollah said on Sunday. Samadi, who fought in the Iran-Iraq war during the 1980s and had retired from the Iranian military before signing on to go to Syria, was killed by a mortar explosion, Fars News, a news agency, said. Iranian news sites posted pictures on Sunday of Samadi with Qassem Soleimani, head of the Guards branch responsible for operations outside Iran. The lower-ranking Iranian fighter, Mehdi Movahednia, was killed on Saturday in clashes with Islamic State in the town of Mayadin in eastern Syria, Fars News reported. The Revolutionary Guards initially kept quiet about their role in the Syria conflict. But in recent years, as casualties have mounted, they have been more outspoken about their engagement, framing it as an existential struggle against the Sunni Muslim fighters of Islamic State who see Shi ites, the majority of Iran s population, as apostates. On web sites linked to the Guards, members of the organization killed in Syria and Iraq are praised as protectors of Shi ite holy sites and labeled  defenders of the shrine . U.S. President Donald Trump last month gave the U.S. Treasury Department authority to impose economic sanctions on members of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard in response to what Washington calls its efforts to destabilize and undermine its opponents in the Middle East. ",1
14431,Zimbabwe state broadcaster preparing for announcement: source,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s ZBC state broadcaster is preparing for an announcement in the next few hours, sending a broadcast van to State House where President Robert Mugabe is under pressure to resign, a source at the broadcaster said on Sunday. ",1
14432,Britain to submit 'Brexit bill' proposal before December EU meeting,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will submit proposals on how to settle its divorce bill with the European Union before an EU summit next month and is expected to negotiate hard, finance minister Philip Hammond said on Sunday. The EU told Prime Minister Theresa May on Friday that there was more work to be done to unlock the Brexit talks, repeating its early December deadline for her to flesh out Britain s opening offer on the financial settlement.  We will make our proposals to the European Union in time for the Council,  Hammond told the BBC, referring to the Dec. 14-15 meeting of EU heads of government. He was speaking three days before he sets out Britain s budget plan, where he will have to find room within tight fiscal constraints to help May convince voters that the Conservative government is tackling Britain s domestic problems at the same time as negotiating its exit from the EU.    Last week, May met fellow EU leaders to try to break a deadlock over how much Britain will pay on leaving the bloc, an issue threatening to derail British hopes for a negotiated exit and an agreement on a new trading relationship by March 2019.  May has signalled she would increase an initial offer that is estimated at some 20 billion euros ($24 billion) - about a third of what Brussels wants. But Hammond, who has been criticised by supporters of Brexit for being too conciliatory towards Brussels and lobbying for a  softer  exit, said Britain would take a tough stance about how much it owes.  There are some things that we re very clear we do owe under the treaties, other things where we dispute the amounts or even whether something should be included,  Hammond said in a separate interview with ITV television.  Of course we ll negotiate hard to get the very best deal for the British taxpayer.  Asked about the prospect of Brexit without a trade deal, Hammond said he was  increasingly confident  that an agreement could be reached because it was in the interests of both parties. Despite scepticism in Brussels over the tight timetable, May and her chief negotiator David Davis have been clear they want to have a full post-Brexit free trade deal sealed by the time Britain leaves.  However, Hammond set out a softer stance on the timing of the trade deal.  We hope that it will be agreed, certainly in principle, that the big elements of it will be agreed before March 2019 so that everybody knows where we are going,  he told ITV. ",1
14433,Mugabe holds more exit talks with generals: state media,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe met military chiefs on Sunday for a second round of negotiations to encourage him to stand down after 37 years in power, according to The Herald state newspaper. In photos posted on its website, Mugabe was shown in a dark suit and tie and standing behind a wooden desk at State House as he shook hands with a procession of generals and the chief of police. Beside him was a television tuned in to Al-Jazeera. ",1
14434,"Turkish capital bans LGBT cinema, exhibitions","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - The Turkish capital Ankara has banned the public showing of films and exhibitions related to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) issues, the governor s office said on Sunday, citing risks to public safety. The move is likely to deepen concern among rights activists and Turkey s Western allies about its record on civil liberties under President Tayyip Erdogan s Islamist-rooted AK Party.  Starting from Nov. 18, 2017, concerning our community s public sensitivity, any events such as LGBT... cinema, theater, panels, interviews, exhibitions are banned until further notice in our province to provide peace and security,  the governor s office said in a statement. It said that such exhibitions could cause different groups in society to  publicly harbor hatred and hostility  toward each other and therefore pose a risk to public safety.  Authorities in Ankara had already banned a German gay film festival on Wednesday, the day before it was due to start, citing public safety and terrorism risks.  In addition, gay pride parades have been banned in Istanbul for the last two years running. Unlike in many Muslim countries, homosexuality is not a crime in Turkey, but there is widespread hostility to it. Civil liberties in Turkey have become a particular concern for the West following the attempted military coup in July 2016. Since then, more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial on suspicion of links to the coup. Some 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from their jobs. Human rights groups and Turkey s Western allies fear Erdogan is using the coup as a pretext to quash his opponents. Ankara says the measures are necessary, given the extent of the security threat it faces. ",1
14435,Bangladesh says it's in talks with Myanmar on Rohingya repatriation deal,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh is in negotiations with Myanmar aimed at a deal to repatriate displaced Rohingya and Dhaka s foreign minister will address the matter at talks in Myanmar this week, the Bangladeshi foreign ministry said on Sunday. More than 600,000 Muslim Rohingya have fled to neighboring Bangladesh since late August, driven out by a military clearance operation in Buddhist majority Myanmar s Rakhine State. The Rohingyas  suffering has caused an international outcry.  Bangladesh and Myanmar are in the process of negotiation for a bilateral agreement for repatriation of displaced people and expect to form a Joint Working Group to facilitate the repatriation,  said a ministry statement, quoting remarks by Foreign Minister Abul Hasan Mahmood Ali at a meeting with his Japanese counterpart in Dhaka on Sunday. A senior aide to Ali said he would leave for Myanmar late on Sunday to attend an Asia-Europe (ASEM) meeting on Monday and Tuesday and would stay on another couple of days for bilateral talks on the Rohingya. The official said Ali hoped for an agreement on allowing Rohingya to return to Myanmar.  Both countries have almost reached an understanding on this issue and there are a few points (still) to be agreed ... We hope to reach an agreement.  There was no immediate comment from Myanmar. On Nov. 1,  Myanmar insisted it was ready to set up a repatriation process but voiced fears Bangladesh was delaying an accord to first get international aid money. A senior Bangladesh home ministry official described the accusation as outrageous. Stung by international criticism and accusations of ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya, Myanmar s de facto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, has said Rohingyas who can prove they were resident in Myanmar would be accepted back. Last week a United Nations General Assembly committee called on Myanmar to end military operations that have  led to the systematic violation and abuse of human rights  of Rohingya. The move revived a U.N. resolution that was dropped last year due to Myanmar s progress on human rights. However, in the past three months there has been a Rohingya exodus to Bangladesh after the Myanmar military began an operation against Rohingya militants who attacked 30 security posts and an army base in Rakhine on Aug. 25. Myanmar s army released a report on Monday denying all allegations of rapes and killings by security forces, days after replacing the general in charge of the military operation. Top U.N. officials have denounced the violence as a classic example of ethnic cleansing. The Myanmar government has denied these allegations. Rohingyas have been denied citizenship in Myanmar, where many Buddhists see them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. A U.S. congressional delegation, European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini and the foreign ministers of Germany, Sweden and Japan visited Rohingya camps in Cox s Bazar at the weekend to raise awareness of their plight.  We support Bangladesh s efforts toward a lasting solution, including the repatriation of displaced persons,  Japan s Taro Kona told Ali at their meeting, where Tokyo pledged $18.6 million in aid to ease the Rohingya crisis. Mogherini told reporters:  More than putting pressure, our approach has always been and will continue to be to offer a negotiating space, encourage the taking care of a situation that is not going to disappear.  ",1
14436,Mugabe given until noon Monday to quit as Zimbabwe President,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s ruling ZANU-PF party has given Robert Mugabe until noon (5.00 a.m. ET) on Monday to step down as President or face impeachment, cyber security minister Patrick Chinamasa said on Sunday. He was speaking at a televised news conference after a special party meeting at which Mugabe was sacked as ZANU-PF leader. ",1
14437,Kenyan police fire teargas to break slum protests after four murdered,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police fired teargas to disperse a crowd that was protesting on Sunday against the overnight murder of four people in a slum in the capital Nairobi. Parts of the city have been gripped by tension since Friday when at least five people were killed in violence involving the police and opposition supporters who were accompanying their leader Raila Odinga after a trip abroad.  Japheth Koome, the police commander in the city, said investigations had started after four bodies were found in the Mathare Area Four slum on Sunday morning.   We went there and found those bodies with injuries,  he told a news conference, describing the murders as a criminal act rather than ethnic-driven violence. The violence took place a day before the Supreme Court rules on two cases seeking to nullify the re-election of President Uhuru Kenyatta in a repeat election held last month. Odinga, who successfully petitioned against Kenyatta s initial victory in the Aug. 8 vote and subsequently boycotted the repeat poll, visited the scene of the murders on Sunday and accused the government of being behind the killings.  Those who are doing these acts are the ones who already lost and want to hold onto power by force but we will remove them using the power of the people,  he told a crowd of his supporters. Police fired teargas and used water cannons to disperse protesters for the better part of the morning until calm was restored in the area in the afternoon. The broadcast industry regulator, Communications Authority of Kenya, said it had banned live broadcasts of political rallies, after all the main TV stations showed hours of live footage of the chaos that greeted Odinga s return. A source at the authority told Reuters on Sunday the ban was put in place to help manage the tension in the country. ",1
14438,"Helping the poor is a 'Passport to Paradise,' Pope says","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis welcomed the poor, homeless and unemployed as guests of honor for a Mass and gourmet meal in the Vatican on Sunday, saying that helping the needy was one way of obtaining a  passport to paradise . Francis celebrated a Mass marking the Roman Catholic Church s first yearly World Day of the Poor, which the pope established to draw the attention of the world s 1.2 billion Catholics to the neediest. Volunteers from charity organizations brought about 7,000 needy people to St Peter s Basilica for a special Mass celebrated by the pope, who has made defense of the poor, immigrants and downtrodden a major plank of his papacy. About 1,500 of them were having lunch with the pope in the Vatican s large audience hall and others were being taken to eat as guests in nearby pontifical colleges. Most of the needy people were from Rome and other parts of Italy but charity groups also brought groups from France, Spain, Germany and Poland.  If in the eyes of the world they (the poor) have little value, they are the ones who open to us the way to heaven; they are our  passport to paradise . For us it is an evangelical duty to care for them ...,  he said in his homily.  God will not ask us if we felt righteous indignation, but whether we did some good,  he said, labeling indifference as a sin of omission. The pope said this  is when we say,  that doesn t concern me; it s not my business, it s society s problem.   It is when we turn away from a brother or sister in need, when we change channels as soon as a disturbing question comes up, when we grow indignant at evil but do nothing about it.  The menu for the poor was selected by Sergio Dussin, the same chef who prepares meals for visiting dignitaries at Vatican conferences. It consisted of dishes the poor can only dream of: mini gnocchi, fish with tomatoes, olives, Venetian cheese, veal with vegetables and Venetian-style tiramisu for dessert. Three days after his election in 2013, Francis said:  Oh, how I would like a poor Church, and for the poor.  He since given up some of the trappings of the papacy, shunning the spacious papal apartments in the Vatican s Apostolic Palace for a modest residence in a guest house.  He also has put aside the papal limousine and is driven around Rome in a simple blue Ford Focus. ",1
14439,"Syrian army, allies take back Albu Kamal from Islamic State","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies took complete control over Albu Kamal, Islamic State s last significant town in Syria, a military news service run by Hezbollah said on Sunday.  The army had declared victory over Islamic State in Albu Kamal earlier this month but the jihadists then staged a counter-attack using sleeper cells hidden in the town.  Driving Islamic State from Albu Kamal means only a few villages along the Euphrates and patches of nearby desert, as well as isolated pockets in other parts of the country, remain in Syria of the caliphate it declared in 2014.  Most of the forces battling Islamic State in Syria and Iraq have said they expect it to go underground and turn to a guerrilla insurgency using sleeper cells and bombings.  Western intelligence agencies have said it will still be able to inspire attacks on civilians around the world.   The Syrian Army and its allies in the axis of resistance have expelled Daesh from its last stronghold on Syrian soil,  the Hezbollah news service reported.  The  axis of resistance  is used by those in it to describe the alliance of Iran, Syria and Shi ite militias including Hezbollah.  The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Sunday that most IS members withdrew from the town, with fighting continuing in the perimeter of Albu Kamal. Islamic State s area of rule in Syria has crumbled this year under two rival military campaigns.  The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias, backed by a U.S.-led coalition has driven it from much of its territory in the north, including its former Syrian capital Raqqa. Syria s army and its allies have waged an offensive across central and eastern Syria backed by Russian air and missile power.  The two offensives have mostly avoided conflict with each other through communication between the United States and Russia. However, Syrian and Iranian officials have said that Damascus seeks to regain control over areas held by the SDF. ",1
14440,Southern African leaders to discuss Zimbabwe on Tuesday,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - The Southern African Development Community (SADC) will discuss Zimbabwe s political crisis on Tuesday at a summit in the Angolan capital Luanda, South Africa said on Sunday. Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe was fired as leader of the ruling ZANU-PF party on Sunday and replaced by Emmerson Mnangagwa, the deputy he sacked this month, sources at a special ZANU-PF meeting to decide his fate told Reuters. ",1
14441,Zimbabwe war vets threaten to unleash crowds on Mugabe,"HARARE (Reuters) - The leader of Zimbabwe s powerful liberation war veterans threatened on Sunday to unleash the mob against 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe if he continued to refuse to step down after a military seizure of power. Asked what would happen if Mugabe failed to yield to pressure to go, Chris Mutsvangwa told reporters:  We will bring back the crowds and they will do their business . ",1
14442,"Zimbabwe's ruling party set to sack Mugabe, sources say","HARARE (Reuters) - The leaders of Zimbabwe s ruling ZANU-PF party will meet on Sunday to approve the dismissal of President Robert Mugabe, the only leader the southern African nation has known since independence 37 years ago, two party sources have said. An extraordinary meeting of the party s central committee is expected to convene around 10:30 a.m. (0830 GMT) to consider removing the 93-year-old, four days after a military seizure of power ostensibly aimed at  criminals  within his entourage. Separately, state television said Mugabe would meet military commanders on Sunday, quoting the Catholic priest who has been mediating in negotiations with the president. On Saturday, hundreds of thousands of people flooded the streets of Harare, singing, dancing and hugging soldiers in an outpouring of elation at Mugabe s overthrow. ZANU-PF s central committee is also expected to reinstate Emmerson Mnangagwa as party vice-president, resurrecting the political career of the former security chief, nicknamed The Crocodile, whose sacking this month triggered the military s intervention. Mugabe s wife, Grace, will be fired as head of the ZANU-PF Women s League, the sources told Reuters, completing the demise of a 52-year-old former government typist who just a week ago stood in pole position to succeed her husband after Mnangagwa s dismissal. The pair s stunning downfall is likely to send shockwaves across Africa, where a number of entrenched strongmen, from Uganda s Yoweri Museveni to Democratic Republic of Congo s Joseph Kabila, are facing mounting pressure to step aside. In scenes reminiscent of the downfall of Romanian dictator Nicolae Ceausescu in 1989, men, women and children ran alongside the armored cars and troops who stepped in this week to oust the man who has ruled since independence from Britain in 1980. Under house arrest in his lavish  Blue Roof  compound, Mugabe has refused to stand down even as he has watched his support from party, security services and people evaporate in less than three days.   His nephew, Patrick Zhuwao, told Reuters the elderly leader and his wife were  ready to die for what is correct  rather than step down in order to legitimize what he described as a coup.  But on Harare s streets, few seemed to care about the legal niceties as they heralded a  second liberation  for the former British colony and spoke of their dreams for political and economic change after two decades of deepening repression and hardship.  These are tears of joy,  said Frank Mutsindikwa, 34, holding aloft the Zimbabwean flag.  I ve been waiting all my life for this day. Free at last. We are free at last.  The crowds in Harare have so far given a quasi-democratic veneer to the army s intervention, backing its assertion that it is merely effecting a constitutional transfer of power, which would help it avoid the diplomatic backlash and opprobrium that normally follow a coup. The United States, a long-time Mugabe critic, said it was looking forward to a  new era  in Zimbabwe, while President Ian Khama of neighboring Botswana said Mugabe had no diplomatic support in the region and should resign at once. For a graphic on Zimbabwe struggles, click ",1
14443,"Argentina says signals detected, likely from missing submarine","MAR DEL PLATA, Argentina/BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Hopes that 44 crew members of a missing Argentine navy submarine may be found alive rose after the defense ministry said the vessel likely tried to communicate via satellite on Saturday as an international search mission was underway in the stormy South Atlantic. The ministry said seven failed  satellite calls  that it believes came from the ARA San Juan submarine were detected in a likely sign the crew was trying to reestablish contact. The signals, in the late morning and early afternoon, lasted between four and 36 seconds, the ministry said. Argentina is working on tracing the location with an unnamed U.S. company specialized in satellite communications, the ministry said. The satellite communications were believed to have failed because of foul weather, a source in the defense ministry who was not authorized to speak publicly told Reuters. It was not immediately clear what type of calls the vessel may have tried to make but submarines that are stricken underwater can float a location beacon known as an EPIRB to the surface that can then emit emergency signals via satellite. Whipping winds and more than 20-foot waves in the South Atlantic hindered the international search for the submarine. The last confirmed location of the German-built ARA San Juan was 432 km (268 miles) off Argentina s southern Atlantic coast early on Wednesday. The U.S. Navy said it was deploying a deep-sea rescue mission to Argentina from California to support the effort, with a remotely operated vehicle and two vessels capable of rescuing people from bottomed submarines set to arrive in coming days. As nations from Chile to South Africa offered help, Argentine sea vessels and planes scoured the southern sea. But a storm pitching powerful winds and waves more than 6 meters (20 feet) high has disrupted visibility and movement in the area, navy spokesman Enrique Balbi said. The submarine s color and design, which aim to camouflage the vessel in the ocean s surface, also posed a challenge.  The idea is to continue through the night and the early morning, depending on weather conditions,  Balbi told reporters. The weather was expected to be somewhat improved on Sunday, he said. A search of 80 percent of the area initially targeted for the operation turned up no sign of the vessel, but the crew should have ample supplies of food and oxygen, Balbi added. The dramatic search has captivated the nation of 44 million, which recently mourned the loss of five citizens killed when a truck driver plowed through a bicycle path in New York City. In the resort and fishing city of Mar del Plata, where the submarine had been destined to arrive before vanishing, a Catholic Mass was held in honor of the crew members. Many relatives of the crew members awaited news at the city s naval base.  We re hopeful this will end soon to remain only as a bad memory,  Maria Morales, mother of crew member Luis Esteban Garcia, told journalists. Messages of support poured in from around the world. Pope Francis, an Argentine, was praying  fervently  for the crew to return home soon, his office said. The Argentine navy said an electrical outage on the diesel-electric-propelled vessel might have downed its communications. Protocol calls for submarines to surface if communication is lost. The episode could hold political implications for President Mauricio Macri. His center-right government has set an ambitious target for cutting government spending and told Reuters in March it had few funds available to replace an outdated military fleet beyond buying aircraft for training pilots. The ARA San Juan was inaugurated in 1983, making it the newest of the three submarines in the navy s fleet. Built in Germany by Nordseewerke, it underwent mid-life maintenance in 2008 in Argentina that required cutting its hull in half and sealing back it together again, according to state news agency Telam. Nordseewerke now belongs to German industrial group Thyssenkrupp AG (TKAG.DE), which could not be reached for comment outside of regular business hours. Carlos Zavalla, a navy commander, urged loved ones of crew members not to give up hope.  So far, the only concrete thing is the lack of communication,  Zavalla said on TV channel A24.  That s all.  ",1
14444,More than 30 rescued in Afghan raid on Taliban prison,"LASHKAR GAH, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Afghan and foreign special forces raided a Taliban prison in southern Helmand province on Sunday and rescued at least 30 people, according to army and provincial officials. Those rescued in the raid in Helmand s Nawzad district included four children under the age of 12 and two policemen, the officials said. Twenty of the people had been arrested by the Taliban in connection with helping the government or were family members of Afghan army and police. The reasons for the jailing of six of those rescued was still being investigated, said Abdul Qadir Bahadurzai, a deputy spokesman for the army s 215th Maiwand military corps. The Taliban said in a statement that the people rescued were criminals accused of robbery, kidnapping, personal disputes and other crimes and were awaiting trial.  There wasn t anyone belonging to the enemy in that prison and there wasn t enough security for it,  Taliban spokesman Qari Yousuf Ahmadi said in the statement. ",1
14445,"China military sets up website to report leaks, fake news","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s military on Sunday launched a website inviting the public to report leaks and fake news, as well as illegal online activities by military personnel, the latest step in a push to ensure Communist Party control over the internet. Beijing has been ramping up measures to secure the internet and maintain strict censorship, a process that accelerated ahead of the party s five-yearly National Congress that took place in October. The new website is an effort to implement the guiding spirit of the Congress and will help maintain a  clear internet space  surrounding the military, according to 81.cn, the military s official news portal. Citizens are encouraged to use the platform to report online content that attacks the military s absolute leadership and distorts the history of the military and the Communist Party, the website said.  Cases of military personnel illegally opening online social accounts and publishing unauthorized information should also be reported, it said.  President Xi Jinping has made China s  cyber sovereignty  a top priority in his sweeping campaign to bolster security. He has also reasserted the ruling Communist Party s role in limiting and guiding online discussion. ",1
14446,"After Macron meeting, Hariri says will clarify position in Lebanon","PARIS (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri, who resigned as Lebanon s prime minister this month while in Saudi Arabia, said on Saturday he would clarify his position when he returns to Beirut next week.  Hariri s resignation on Nov. 4 threw Lebanon into political crisis and put it center-stage in the Middle East s overarching rivalry between Sunni Saudi Arabia and its allies and a bloc led by Shi ite Iran.  With regard to the political situation in Lebanon, I will go to Beirut in the coming days, I will participate in the independence celebrations, and it is there that I will make known my position on these subjects after meeting President (Michel) Aoun,  Hariri said after holding talks with French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris. Hariri declined to take questions, but is set to return to Beirut by Wednesday when Lebanon celebrates its independence day. He thanked Macron, who has been mediating as part of French efforts to try to ease tensions across the region, for his help.  Macron had leveraged France s close relations with both Lebanon and Saudi Arabia to secure a deal that saw Hariri travel to Paris and open the door to a resolution of the crisis. Hariri, who arrived at his residence in Paris in the early hours of the morning, told Aoun in a phone call from Paris that he would be in Lebanon on Wednesday for the celebrations, the Lebanese president said on Twitter.  Lebanon is being shaken so it s important Hariri comes to Paris for us to work with him on the best way out of the crisis,  said a senior French diplomat.  We re trying to create the conditions for a de-escalation in the region. We want to avoid a proliferation of crises that could get out of control.  Hariri s abrupt resignation and continued stay in Saudi Arabia has caused fears for Lebanon s stability.  Okab Saqr, a member of parliament for Hariri s Future Movement, said after Hariri s visit to France he would have  a small Arab tour  before traveling to Beirut. A French presidential source said Macron had reiterated that Paris wanted Hariri to return to Lebanon to ensure the country s political system continued to function and that it was imperative it remained  disassociated  from regional crises.  The source said Macron would continue to be active on the dossier in the coming days and that France was considering whether to host a meeting of the International Lebanon Support Group to discuss the political crisis. The crisis has thrust Lebanon into the regional rivalry pitting Saudi Arabia and its allies against a bloc led by Iran, which includes the heavily armed Lebanese Shi ite Hezbollah group. Aoun has called Hariri a Saudi hostage and refused to accept his resignation unless he returns to Lebanon. Saudi Arabia and Hariri say his movements are not restricted. Lebanon maintains a delicate sectarian balance after Sunnis, Shi ites, Christians and Druze fought a civil war between 1975 and 1990, with factions often backed by regional rivals. Hariri, a Sunni Muslim, is a long-time ally of Saudi Arabia. Aoun, a Christian, is a political ally of Hezbollah. Hariri s government, a power-sharing coalition formed last year, includes Hezbollah. France, which controlled Lebanon between the world wars, has sought to play a key role in defusing tension with Macron personally getting involved and putting him at the heart of a regional power struggle that will test his diplomatic skills.   That was evident since the outbreak of the Lebanese crisis over the last week with a surprise visit to Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in Riyadh, followed by a flurry of calls, sending his foreign minister to Saudi Arabia and then the invitation to Hariri, which caught many diplomats unawares.  While undoubtedly a diplomatic coup for Macron, some regional and French diplomats have cautioned that his strategy to try to appease all sides in the region may backfire. On Saturday, U.S. President Donald Trump spoke with Macron about the situation in Lebanon and Syria. The White House said the leaders agreed on the need to work with allies to counter Hezbollah s and Iran s destabilizing activities in the region. Paris has intensified its rhetoric over Iran s regional activities. On Thursday, Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian, speaking alongside his Saudi counterpart, denounced Tehran s  hegemonic temptations . Iran responded by accusing France of taking sides and Macron on Friday said Iran should clarify its ballistic missile program. That was met by a rebuke in Tehran. On Saturday, Ali Akbar Velayati, a senior adviser to Iran s supreme leader, said Macron should stay out of its affairs. ",1
14447,Haitian army set to make controversial return after two decades,"CAP-HAITIEN/PORT-AU-PRINCE (Reuters) - Haiti s president on Saturday heralded the re-establishment of the country s military after 22 years, a divisive issue in the impoverished Caribbean nation which has a history of bloody coups and political instability. Haiti has been without military forces since 1995, when former president Jean-Bertrand Aristide disbanded the army after returning to power following a coup, leaving the national police responsible for security.       The army s comeback has been a divisive topic in a country still suffering from a catastrophic earthquake and a fierce hurricane in recent years, with critics and activists concerned that armed forces would meddle in politics and rob essential resources from education and health care. Haitian President Jovenel Moise on Thursday named former army colonel Jodel Lesage as acting commander-in-chief, moving troops closer to full operation. The appointment still needs to be approved by Haiti s senate. On Saturday, Moise welcomed the army s anticipated return with a parade featuring dozens of camouflaged soldiers toting rifles in the northern coastal city of Cap-Haitien, calling on Haitians to recall the Battle of Vertieres won against French colonialists exactly 214 years ago.  The army is our mother,  he said.  When your mother is sick and wears dirty clothes, you do not kill her. You take her to the hospital. So let us join forces to provide needed care to our mother.      After Haiti s independence, the military mounted dozens of coups and its forces were accused of rampant human rights abuses. Moise acknowledged that history, but vowed that the new military would be different.  The United Nations has called for increased support for the Haitian National Police (HNP) with about 15,000 members.  A U.N.-backed mission to aid Haiti s justice system and law enforcement arrived in October, replacing a much larger peacekeeping mission that had focused on stability efforts since 2004.  Having demonstrated its ability to maintain stability and guard against security threats, the HNP has emerged as one of the most trusted governmental institutions in Haiti,  U.N. spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement last month. Haitian defense minister Herve Denis told Reuters the army will begin with 500 soldiers in engineering, medical and aviation corps, but is still working to fill its ranks. A recruiting process was well underway by last July, attracting many young men in a country that is the poorest in the Americas. Denis said the government plans to ultimately expand to 5,000 troops working to protect Haitian borders, fight terrorism, curb illegal trade and aid Haitians affected by natural disasters. Government opponents fear the Moise administration could use the military to crack down on foes despite the president s claims that troops will steer clear of politics.  I don t believe the Moise regime really wants to reinstate the army, but instead set up a political militia to persecute political opponents,  said Andre Michel, spokesman for an opposition coalition that has called for Moise s resignation.    ",1
14448,"Lebanese FM may not attend Arab League meeting, to decide Sunday: senior Lebanese official","BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s foreign minister may not attend an Arab League meeting in Cairo on Sunday and a final decision will be taken in the morning, a senior Lebanese official told Reuters on Saturday. The official said Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil wanted to avoid an anticipated confrontation at the meeting with Saudi Arabia and its Arab allies over the regional role of the Iran-backed Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah. The emergency Arab foreign ministers meeting is being convened at the request of Saudi Arabia with support from the UAE, Bahrain, and Kuwait  to discuss means of confronting Iranian intervention in the internal affairs of Arab states,  the Egyptian state news agency MENA said. Hezbollah is part of the Lebanese government and a political ally of Lebanese President Michel Aoun.  The Sunni Muslim monarchy of Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Islamist Iran are at loggerheads across the region, and tensions between them have recently escalated in both Lebanon and Yemen. Lebanon was thrust to the forefront of the regional struggle when Saad al-Hariri resigned as prime minister on Nov. 4 in a surprise announcement from Riyadh. Aoun has accused Saudi Arabia of holding Hariri hostage. Senior Lebanese politicians close to Hariri have also said he had been held in Saudi Arabia against his will and coerced into resigning. Saudi Arabia and Hariri both deny this. After French intervention, Hariri flew to France overnight and met French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris on Saturday. Hariri, speaking in Paris, said he would clarify his position when he returns to Beirut in the coming days. He said he would take part in Lebanese independence day celebrations, which are scheduled for Wednesday. Hariri, long a political ally of Saudi Arabia, cited fear of assassination and accused Iran and Hezbollah of sowing strife in the Arab world during his resignation speech. ",1
14449,"Argentina says satellite calls detected, likely from missing submarine","BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentina s defense ministry said seven failed  satellite calls  that it believes came from a missing naval submarine were detected on Saturday in a likely sign the crew of 44 was trying to reestablish contact. The calls, believed to be from the ARA San Juan submarine, lasted between four and 36 seconds in the late morning and early afternoon, the ministry said in an emailed statement. The ministry said it was working on tracing the location with an unnamed U.S. company specialized in satellite communications.     ",1
14450,Gerry Adams: Face of IRA who helped cement Northern Ireland peace,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - As the public face of the Irish Republican Army during its bombing campaigns, then peacemaker and mainstream politician, Gerry Adams has been a defining figure of Northern Ireland s 50-year journey from sectarian torment to relative stability. Adams announced his intention to step down as leader of the Irish nationalist Sinn Fein party on Saturday with his ultimate goal of a united Ireland still elusive. But the party he leaves is not only the dominant Irish nationalist force in the British-ruled province, but also strong enough across the border in the Irish Republic to have a chance of entering government there, too. During the 1970s and 80s, at the height of an IRA bombing campaign to end British rule over Northern Ireland, Sinn Fein operated as the IRA s political wing. As its leader from 1983 onwards, Adams thus became, for many in Britain and Northern Ireland, the face of the IRA. As a result, he was loathed by pro-British unionists and the British government, but lionized in equal measure by Irish nationalists. Yet when the prospect of political progress arose, he showed himself ready to compromise, working with late former IRA commander Martin McGuinness to swing the IRA and the province s Roman Catholic minority behind a 1998 deal with the pro-British Protestant majority. The Good Friday agreement gave the province s Catholics a share of power and largely ended a conflict in which some 3,600 people had been killed, many at the hands of Irish republican groups such as the IRA, and others by pro-British unionist paramilitaries and British security forces.  Since then, Adams has helped to build Sinn Fein into the dominant Irish nationalist party in Northern Ireland, overseeing its agreement in 2007 to share power with its bitter rival, the Democratic Unionist Party and, in recent months, its efforts to restore power-sharing after it collapsed in January.  Adams also announced on Saturday that he would not stand for re-election to the Dublin parliament, where he has sat since 2011, moving Sinn Fein from the fringes to become the Irish Republic s third party and its main left-wing force.  Adams was born into a Belfast family steeped in revolutionary politics, several of his relatives having been involved in armed republicanism. At 20, he left his job as a barman to help defend fellow Catholics from what they saw as a hostile British state, and to fight for Northern Ireland to split from the United Kingdom and unite with the Irish Republic.   Like his father, Adams was interned - held without trial - on suspicion of being a senior IRA commander.  He has always denied membership of the IRA, although accusations from former IRA fighters that he was involved in its campaign of killings have dogged him throughout his career.  Between 1988 and 1994, Adams was banned from speaking on British airwaves. While his oversized glasses and red-tinged beard were instantly recognizable, his voice was unknown as broadcasters had actors dub his words. Former British conservative prime minister John Major, one of the architects of peace in Northern Ireland, once said the thought of sitting down to talk with Adams had  turned my stomach .  But Adams was at the time walking a political tightrope - between IRA  hawks  who argued that only a continuation of violence would chase Britain from the island, and  doves  who said that negotiations were the route to a united Ireland. He emerged from the political cold in October 1997 when he shook hands with the new Labour prime minister, Tony Blair, at their first meeting. Sinn Fein had polled 17 percent in Northern Ireland s elections and returned Adams to the British parliament, although he refused to take his seat.  Within a year, Adams and McGuinness had helped to broker a peace deal that largely ended the violence in the province. Since that deal, his role as statesman has grown, and he has made several visits to the White House.  He was arrested in 2014 as part of an investigation into one of the province s most controversial murders, but no charges were brought. Latterly he has used social media to create a grandfatherly image in the Irish Republic, with posts about his dog and his taste in cartoons. ",1
14451,Official photo released to mark 70th wedding anniversary of Queen Elizabeth,"LONDON (Reuters) - Buckingham Palace issued a new photographic portrait of Queen Elizabeth and her husband Prince Philip on Saturday to mark their upcoming 70th wedding anniversary. The couple married at London s Westminster Abbey on Nov. 20, 1947, just two years after the end of World War Two, in a lavish ceremony attended by statesmen and royalty from around the world. The portrait, taken earlier this month, showed the queen wearing the same dress which she chose for a service of thanksgiving to mark their diamond wedding anniversary held at the Abbey where they were married. She is also wearing a  Scarab  brooch in yellow gold, carved ruby and diamond which Philip gave her in 1966. Elizabeth has been married for far longer than any other royal, and the newly-released picture showed the couple framed by Thomas Gainsborough s 1781 portraits of George III and Queen Charlotte, who were married for 57 years - the second longest royal marriage. ",1
14452,Turkey launches investigation into U.S. prosecutors over Zarrab case: Anadolu,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish authorities have opened an investigation into the U.S. prosecutors who brought charges against a Turkish gold trader facing trial in New York, state media said on Saturday, after Ankara said the case was based on fabricated documents. The Istanbul prosecutor s office is investigating former U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara and acting U.S. Attorney John H. Kim, the state-run Anadolu news agency said, following allegations that their case was based on documents Turkey says were fabricated. When asked for comment, Bharara referred Reuters to the Southern District of New York s Attorney s Office. James Margolin, a spokesman for the Attorney s Office, declined to comment.  Reuters was not immediately able to reach anyone at the Istanbul Prosecutor s office for comment. The reported move comes after Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu on Friday said the U.S. case was based on documents fabricated by followers of the cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Ankara blames for last year s attempted coup. Cavusoglu also accused Bharara of being  very close  to Gulen s network.  Following those allegations, Bharara responded on Friday on Twitter, saying:  Turkey FM is a liar. Now let s see what happens in court . The case against the wealthy, Iran-born gold trader Reza Zarrab has complicated already strained relations between the United States and Turkey, both members of the NATO military alliance. Zarrab, together with alleged co-conspirators, has been charged with handling hundreds of millions of dollars for Iran s government and Iranian entities from 2010 to 2015, in a scheme to avoid sanctions. He has pleaded not guilty and is due to go on trial in New York on Nov. 27. Under a previous Turkish investigation that became public in 2013, Turkish prosecutors accused Zarrab and high-ranking Turkish officials of involvement in facilitating Iranian money transfers via gold smuggling, leaked documents at the time showed. President Tayyip Erdogan, then prime minister, cast that investigation as a coup attempt orchestrated by his political enemies. Several prosecutors were removed from the case, police investigators were reassigned, and the investigation was later dropped. Erdogan, who has not been accused of any wrongdoing, has said U.S. prosecutors have  ulterior motives  by including references to him and his wife in court papers relating to the trial in New York. ",1
14453,"Party set to sack Mugabe, Zimbabweans celebrate expected downfall","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s ruling party will dismiss President Robert Mugabe on Sunday and reinstate Emmerson Mnangagwa, the vice-president he fired, two party sources told Reuters on Saturday, as ecstatic crowds celebrated the expected downfall. Mugabe s 37-year rule has been effectively at an end since the army seized control on Wednesday, confining him to his residence, saying it wanted to target the  criminals  around him. State television said Mugabe would meet military commanders on Sunday, quoting Catholic priest Fidelis Mukonori, who has been mediating in negotiations with the president. But hundreds of thousands of people had no need for a formal signal that his time had ended as they flooded the streets of Harare, singing, dancing and hugging soldiers. In scenes reminiscent of the downfall of Romanian dictator Nicolae Ceausescu in 1989, men, women and children ran alongside the armoured cars and the troops who stepped in this week to oust the only ruler Zimbabwe has known since independence in 1980. Others marched towards his lavish  Blue Roof  residence, but were kept away by soldiers. Under house arrest in his compound, the 93-year-old has watched support from his party, security services and people evaporate in less than three days. The sources said a ZANU-PF party central committee meeting scheduled for 10:30 a.m. (0830 GMT) would also dismiss 93-year-old Mugabe s preferred successor, his wife Grace, from her role as head of the ZANU-PF Women s League. Mugabe s nephew Patrick Zhuwao, speaking from an undisclosed  location in South Africa, told Reuters the leader and his wife were  ready to die for what is correct  rather than step down in order to legitimise what he described as a coup.  Zhuwao also said that only Mugabe, who had hardly slept since the military took over but was otherwise in  good  health, could call a meeting of the central committee. It was not clear from reading the party s constitution who is empowered to call such a meeting - but events appeared to have made the issue irrelevant. On Harare s streets, Zimbabweans spoke of a second liberation for the former British colony, alongside their dreams of political and economic change after two decades of deepening repression and hardship.  These are tears of joy,  said Frank Mutsindikwa, 34, holding aloft the Zimbabwean flag.  I ve been waiting all my life for this day. Free at last. We are free at last.  Mugabe s downfall is likely to send shockwaves across Africa, where a number of entrenched strongmen, from Uganda s Yoweri Museveni to Democratic Republic of Congo s Joseph Kabila, are facing mounting pressure to step aside. The crowds in Harare have so far given a quasi-democratic veneer to the army s intervention, backing its claims that it is merely effecting a constitutional transfer of power, which would help it avoid the diplomatic backlash and opprobrium that normally follows a coup. The military had been prompted to act by Mugabe s decision to sack Mnangagwa, Grace Mugabe s main rival to succeed her husband. The next presidential election is due next year.  Zimbabweans abroad were also hailing the end of Mugabe s rule, not least the hundreds living in Britain who gathered outside their embassy in central London.  I m ecstatic to see people give Mugabe a reality check because he has been in his echo chamber for too long, lying to himself that people still want him,  said Ruva Kudambo, 37, who came to study technology and ended up staying. Tasa, a 36-year-old who refused to give his family name, said he had brought his four young children, aged 5 to 9, to the protest  because they are the future of Zimbabwe . NO DIS-GRACE For some Africans, Mugabe remains a nationalist hero, the continent s last independence leader and a symbol of its struggle to throw off the legacy of decades of colonial subjugation. But to many more at home and abroad, he was reviled as a dictator happy to resort to violence to retain power and to run a once-promising economy into the ground. Political sources and intelligence documents seen by Reuters said Mugabe s exit was likely to pave the way for an interim unity government led by Mnangagwa, a life-long Mugabe aide and former security chief known as  The Crocodile . Stabilising the free-falling economy will be the number one priority, the documents said. The United States, a long-time critic of Mugabe, said it was looking forward to a  new era  in Zimbabwe, while President Ian Khama of neighbouring Botswana said Mugabe had no diplomatic support in the region and should resign at once. The Herald, the state newspaper that has served as Mugabe s loyal mouthpiece, said ZANU-PF had called on Friday for him to go. It said ZANU-PF branches in all 10 provinces had also called for the resignation of Grace, the first lady whose ambitions to succeed her husband outraged the military and much of the country. To many Zimbabweans, she is known as  Gucci Grace  on account of her reported dedication to shopping, or - in the wake of an alleged assault in September on a South African model -  Dis-Grace . The scenes in Harare reflect the anger and frustration that has built up among Zimbabwe s 16 million people in nearly two decades of economic mismanagement that started with the seizure of white-owned farms in 2000, the catalyst of a wider collapse. The central bank tried to print its way out of trouble by unleashing a flood of cash but that only made matters worse, leading to hyperinflation that topped out at 500 billion percent in 2008. At least 3 million Zimbabweans emigrated in search of a better life, most of them to neighbouring South Africa. After stabilising briefly when Mugabe was forced to work with the opposition in a 2009-2013 unity government, the economy has collapsed again, this time due to a chronic shortage of dollars. In October, monthly inflation leapt to more than 50 percent, according to some economists, putting basic goods beyond the means of many in a country with 90 percent unemployment.  Mugabe s only public appearance since the military took over was at a university graduation ceremony on Friday morning. Decked out in blue and yellow academic gowns, he appeared tired, at one point falling asleep in his chair. A senior member of ZANU-PF said it was only a matter of time before he agreed to go.  If he becomes stubborn, we will arrange for him to be fired on Sunday,  the source said.  When that is done, it s impeachment on Tuesday.  ",1
14454,Egyptian activists detained by court for protesting Red Sea islands transfer,"ALEXANDRIA, EGYPT (Reuters) - A court in Alexandria has ordered the detention of leading rights activist Mahienour el-Massry over charges of illegally protesting in June against the Egyptian government s decision to transfer two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia. El-Massry was detained in Egypt s second largest city along with activist Moatasim Medhat and both will be held pending their trial for illegal assembly on Dec. 30, the misdemeanour court said. The pair s lawyer, Taher Abo Nasser, said they denied the charges, adding that there was no evidence of a protest taking place.  The decision came as a shock for us but Mahienour is remaining strong and accepting,  Abo Nasser said. The plan to cede the islands to Saudi Arabia was announced last year and has become mired in political protest and legal action. Opponents of the plan say Egypt s sovereignty over the islands dates back to 1906, before Saudi Arabia was founded. Saudi and Egyptian officials say the islands belong to the kingdom and were only under Egyptian control because Riyadh had asked Cairo in 1950 to protect them. ",1
14455,Zimbabwe's Mugabe to meet military commanders for talks on Sunday: state TV,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s President Robert Mugabe will meet military commanders for talks on Sunday, state broadcaster ZTV said on Saturday, quoting Catholic priest Fidelis Mukonori who has been mediating the negotiations. ",1
14456,Ukraine summons Polish envoy as diplomatic row between neighbours deepens,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Ukraine has summoned the Polish ambassador in Kiev after Poland denied entry to a Ukrainian official in an escalation of a diplomatic spat over the two neighbours  troubled past. Poland s decision to refused entry on Saturday to the head of Ukraine s commemoration commission, Svyatoslav Sheremet, was in response to a ban imposed earlier this year by Kiev on the exhumation of Poles killed in Ukraine during World War Two, Polish state news agency PAP reported.     The Ukrainian side has complained that Mr Sheremet was not allowed into Poland,  Poland s ambassador to Kiev Jan Pieklo told PAP after the meeting with Ukrainian authorities.  I have been also informed that this is a problem that concerns the restarting of exhumations because Sheremet is the person responsible for this,  Pieklo said, adding that both sides had agreed that the exhumations should be restarted. In an apparent effort to mend ties, representatives of the Polish and Ukrainian presidents said on Friday that they  reconfirmed their commitment to strengthening the strategic partnership .  The parties agreed that the ban on the search and exhumation works in Ukraine should be lifted,  the statement published on Friday said.  The denial of entry to Sheremet came after the Polish foreign minister said earlier in November that Poland would bar Ukrainians with  anti-Polish views . [L8N1N84EF]    Poland last year passed a resolution that declared the World War Two-era killing of about 100,000 Polish men, women and children by units in the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA)  genocide .  Ukraine rejects that label, saying the killings were a result of bilateral hostilities. ",1
14457,German parties regroup for last-ditch coalition push,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s three would-be coalition partners went deep into overtime in talks on Saturday as they sought enough common ground in climate and migration policy to form a government and stave off the prospect of a repeat election. Incumbent chancellor Angela Merkel s only realistic hope of securing a fourth term after suffering losses in September s election is an awkward three-way conservative-liberal-Green alliance. But after four weeks of talks, the parties remained far apart as they adjourned for the night. The biggest sticking points are climate change, where the Greens want emissions cuts that the other parties see as economically ruinous, and immigration, where Merkel s arch-conservative allies in Bavaria insist on stricter rules.  With the pro-business, tax-cutting Free Democrat (FDP) liberals freshly returned to parliament after four years in the wilderness, and the Greens out of office for 12 years, neither is keen to give ground. A self-imposed deadline of Thursday for wrapping up exploratory talks and starting formal coalition negotiations passed without agreement, forcing the conservatives to promise further concessions on emissions cuts to the Greens. FDP leader Christian Lindner said the talks now had to be wrapped up by 1700 GMT on Sunday. But President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, a former foreign minister who now plays an apolitical role, said brinkmanship was to be expected.  Before the formal talks start, there are always attempts by parties to drive prices up,  he told the weekly Welt am Sonntag.  What we ve seen in the past weeks isn t so different from previous coalition negotiations.  Greens chairwoman Simone Peter said much that had earlier been agreed on emissions policy had been undone, without giving details. Bavaria s Christian Social Union (CSU) faces regional state elections next year, and fears the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) could unseat it after 60 years if it fails to secure tough immigration rules - which are anathema to the left-leaning Greens. Among its demands are a cap of 200,000 per year on the number of refugees Germany will take, and an end to the practice of allowing successful asylum seekers to bring their immediate families to join them. All parties are anxious to avoid a repeat election, which they fear could boost the AfD, which surged into parliament for the first time in September s national election. But the heterogeneous three-way coalition, made necessary after the conservatives and the centre-left suffered punishing election losses, is untested at national level. ",1
14458,Saudi Arabia recalls ambassador to Germany over Gabriel comments,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has summoned its ambassador in Germany home for consultations over comments by German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel about the political crisis in Lebanon. The Saudi foreign ministry said the government also handed Germany s representative in Riyadh a protest note over what it said were  shameful  comments Gabriel made after a meeting with his Lebanese counterpart. After a meeting in Berlin with Lebanese Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil, Gabriel told reporters that Europe  could not tolerate the adventurism that has spread there . It was not clear from a Reuters television recording that the remark was targeted at Saudi Arabia. Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri resigned while in Saudi Arabia on Nov. 4.  Such remarks provoke the surprise and disapproval of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia which considers them as aimless and based on false information that would not help bring about stability in the region,  the Saudi ministry said. The ministry later said on its Twitter account it had summoned the German ambassador in Riyadh and handed him  a protest memorandum over the shameful and unjustified remarks made by the German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel.  Hariri s abrupt resignation has raised concern over Lebanon s stability. He met French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris on Saturday, several hours after he left Saudi Arabia. Lebanon s President Michel Aoun said on Twitter Hariri had told him in a phone call from Paris he would be in Lebanon on Wednesday for Independence Day celebrations. The German foreign ministry welcomed Hariri s departure from Saudi Arabia for Paris and impending return to Lebanon.  We are very concerned about regional stability and call on sides to reduce tensions,  the statement read.  We aim this message at all actors in the region.  ",1
14459,"China wants Bangladesh, Myanmar to solve Rohingya crisis bilaterally","DHAKA (Reuters) - Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi on Saturday urged Bangladesh and Myanmar resolve the Rohingya crisis through bilateral negotiations instead of an international initiative.  The international community should not complicate the situation,  Wang said in a press briefing at the Chinese Embassy in Dhaka.   Actions in the United Nations Security Council must help Bangladesh-Myanmar bilateral cooperation to resolve the problem peacefully , the minister told reporters. Wang arrived in Bangladesh on Saturday for a two-day visit and from there he will go to Myanmar to attend the Asia-Europe  Meeting. (ASEM)  China supports resolving the crisis peacefully, bilaterally with mutual consultation between Bangladesh and Myanmar,  he said. More than 600,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since late August driven out by a military clearance operation in Buddhist majority Myanmar s Rakhine State.  It is a complex situation and needs a comprehensive solution. Economic development of Rakhine State is needed. China is ready to help,  Wang said. Earlier in the day Wang also met with Bangladesh s Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina at her official residence in Dhaka and assured her of China s support in solving the crisis.  Myanmar will have to take back their nationals ensuring their safety, security and dignity for a durable solution to the crisis,  Hasina s private secretary Ihsanul Karim quoted the prime minister as saying.  We will not allow the land of Bangladesh to be used by any terrorist group to commit any act of insurgency in neighboring countries,  Hasina added, according to Karim. Bangladesh s Foreign Minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali told Wang that Bangladesh is trying to resolve the issue both bilaterally and internationally as it could not afford the huge burden of the refugees. A statement from Bangladesh foreign ministry said that when the issue of displaced Myanmar nationals was raised, Wang stated that China would help resolve the issue and will not be partial to any side. He acknowledged that Bangladesh is facing the brunt of continuing influx of Rohingya refugees, the Bangladeshi foreign ministry statement said. A delegation of U.S. Congressmen is visiting Bangladesh to study the Rohingya crisis on Saturday. Sweden s foreign minister Margot Wallstrom, EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini, Germany s foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel and  Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kona will also visit Bangladesh this week. ",1
14460,Cambodian court charges two journalists with espionage,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - A Cambodian court on Saturday charged two journalists with espionage for filing news reports to a U.S.-funded radio station, which can carry a prison term of up to 15 years. Prime Minister Hun Sen, the strongman who has ruled Cambodia for more than three decades, has taken a strident anti-American line in an increasingly tense run-up to a 2018 election and there has been a crackdown on critics, rights groups and independent media. The United States announced it was ending funding for the election, and promised more  concrete steps , after the Supreme Court dissolved the main opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) on Thursday at the request of the government, on the grounds it was plotting to seize power. The party denied the accusation.     The two journalists, Uon Chhin and Yeang Sothearin, had in the past worked for the Washington-based Radio Free Asia (RFA) which broadcast in the Khmer language until it shut down in September. The two were charged with  providing information that is destructive to national defense to a foreign state , when they were caught filing stories to RFA, said Ly Sophana, a spokesman at Phnom Penh Municipal Court.  They will be sent to an investigating judge for further procedures,  Ly Sophana told Reuters. RFA has said it had no ties to the two journalists since it shut its Phnom Penh office in September.  In charging two former RFA journalists with espionage, Cambodian authorities have opened the door to more serious forms of intimidation worthy of despots and dictators,  RFA spokesman Rohit Mahajan said in emailed comments. A lawyer for the two said the charges were too serious and they had merely been doing their jobs as journalists.  This is not dangerous to the country,  said the lawyer, Keo Vanny.   The charges carried up to 15 years in prison if the men were convicted, he said. Hun Sen has been fighting a deepening war of words with the U.S. embassy and State Department over his government s crackdown on the opposition. CNRP leader Kem Sokha was arrested on Sept. 3 and charged with treason for an alleged plot to take power with U.S. help. He denied any such pot. The U.S. State Department called on Friday for Cambodia to release him and reverse the decision to ban his party. Western countries, which for decades supported Cambodia s emergence from war and isolation, have shown little appetite for sanctions in response to the government s crackdown, but the European Union has raised the possibility of Cambodia losing vital trade preferences. ",1
14461,Zimbabwe's Mugabe not in motorcade that left his residence: source,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe was not in a motorcade that was seen leaving his residence in Harare on Saturday, a security source told Reuters. Earlier, crowds booed and jeered as the motorcade left the  Blue Roof  residence. ",1
14462,France ready to host international meeting on Lebanon if needed,"PARIS (Reuters) - France is considering whether to host a meeting of the  International Lebanon Support Group to discuss the political crisis in the country, a French presidential source said on Saturday.  The source said there was no decision yet on whether it would take place or whether it would be a ministerial meeting.  The group includes Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States - the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.    (This story has been refiled to remove reference to Germany in third paragraph.) ",1
14463,"Crowds boo, jeer as Zimbabwe's Mugabe motorcade leaves Harare residence","HARARE (Reuters) - Crowds of Zimbabweans booed and jeered as President Robert Mugabe s motorcade left his  Blue Roof  residence in Harare on Saturday, a Reuters witness said. It was not clear whether Mugabe was in the motorcade, or where it was headed. ",1
14464,Vatican says investigating alleged abuser who became priest,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - The Vatican said on Saturday it had opened an investigation into  reports that a former teenage altar boy, who allegedly repeatedly forced a dormitory mate to have sex with him, went on to become a priest. The allegations concerning the St. Pius X Institute, known as a pre-seminary, were made in a recent book and in Italian television reports. The pre-seminary is a residence inside the Vatican for altar boys who serve at masses in St. Peter s Basilica mostly presided over by priests, bishops and cardinals. At times they also participate in papal liturgies.  The boys go to Italian schools while they live in the Vatican, a sovereign city-state surrounded by Rome. The reports said that despite complaints to superiors against the teenager, he was accepted into what is known as a major seminary when he became an adult. He was later ordained a priest and is now serving in a parish in northern Italy, they said. The statement said an initial investigation in 2013 had resulted in  no adequate confirmation . A new investigation had been opened following the latest reports in order to try to shed  full light on what really happened , it added. ",1
14465,Zimbabwe's ruling party to fire Mugabe on Sunday: sources,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s ruling ZANU-PF party will hold a special central committee meeting on Sunday morning to dismiss 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe as its leader, two ZANU-PF sources said on Saturday. The meeting, which is scheduled to start at 1030 am (3.30 a.m. ET) will also reinstate ousted vice-president Emmerson Mnangagwa and remove Mugabe s wife, Grace, from the leadership of the ZANU-PF Women s League. ",1
14466,Sri Lanka arrests 19 after Buddhist-Muslim violence; four injured,"COLOMBO (Reuters) - Sri Lankan police arrested 19 people after a clash between  extremists  from the majority Buddhist and minority Muslim communities in which four people were injured, a spokesman said on Saturday. Tension has been growing between the two communities this year, with some hardline Buddhist groups accusing Muslims of forcing people to convert to Islam and vandalizing Buddhist archaeological sites. Some Buddhists nationalists have also protested against the presence in Sri Lanka of asylum seekers from mostly Buddhist Myanmar s persecuted Rohingya Muslim minority. Police said the late Friday violence in the southern coastal town of Ginthota was triggered by rumors and fake messages on social media.  This was a clash between a small fraction of extremists in the both ethnic groups,  police spokesman Ruwan Gunasekera told Reuters.  One of those arrested was a woman who falsely spread news that Muslims were about to attack a Buddhist temple, he said.  We ve decided to arrest those who have been spreading false messages and rumors on social media.  Later police said all 19 suspects have been remanded until Nov. 30 and a local curfew had been imposed in the clash area for 12 hours to 0600 hours (0300 GMT) on Sunday.  Law and Order Minister Sagala Ratnayaka said  some political groups are now on a desperate mission to turn this minor brawl into a Sinhala-Muslim clash .   I urge the public not to be misled by their false propaganda,  he said. Additional police battalions, elite police forces, the anti-riot squad and the military were called late on Friday to bring the situation under control.  Buddhists make up about 70 percent of Sri Lanka s population of 21 million, compared with about 9 percent for Muslims. President Maithripala Sirisena s government, after coming under fire from rights groups and diplomats for not doing enough to crack down on hardline Buddhist groups, acted against anti-Muslim attackers in June this year.  That response came after more than 20 attacks on Muslims, including arson at Muslim-owned businesses and petrol-bomb attacks on mosques, were recorded in two months. In 2014, three Muslims were killed in riots stirred up by hardline Buddhist groups. ",1
14467,Hariri says will clarify position on Lebanese crisis on his return to Beirut,"PARIS (Reuters) - Lebanon s Saad al-Hariri said on Saturday he would travel to Beirut in the coming days and announce his position on the crisis in his country after holding talks with President Michel Aoun.  With regard to the political situation in Lebanon, I will go to Beirut in the coming days, I will participate in the independence celebrations, and it is there that I will make known my position on these subjects after meeting President Aoun,  Hariri said after meeting French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris. ",1
14468,Zimbabwe protest crowd heads to Mugabe's Harare compound,"HARARE (Reuters) - Hundreds of protesters seeking to remove Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe from office heeded a call from a leader of the powerful liberation war veterans on Saturday to march on the 93-year-old s residence in the capital.  Let us now go and deliver the message that grandfather Mugabe and his typist-cum-wife should go home,  war veterans secretary-general Victor Matemadanda told an anti-Mugabe rally in the Harare township of Highfield. As he spoke, people started leaving the rally to head towards Mugabe s lavish  Blue Roof  residence, live television pictures showed. ",1
14469,"Selfies with soldiers as Zimbabweans hail ""second independence""","HARARE (Reuters) - Helen Kwambana has lived in fear of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and his security forces her whole life. On Saturday she chanted on the streets of the capital for the 93-year-old to step down and took a selfie with a soldier.   Kwambana and tens of thousands of others joined anti-Mugabe marches in Harare, singing and dancing as military helicopters flew overhead and grinning soldiers made token attempts to control the revelers who rushed to embrace them. Though Mugabe has not agreed to stand down, the crowds oozed with confidence that his time would soon be up, in scenes of jubilant defiance most had never witnessed.  I have never known freedom,  Kwambana, 23, told Reuters, draped in the Zimbabwean flag and waving to passing cars as drivers honked their horns in celebration.  It s like a baby opening its eyes for the first time.  Mugabe is under house arrest after the army seized power on Wednesday in what it said was an attempt to weed out the  criminals  in his government who helped remove vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa and his allies this month. Mugabe s wife, Grace, was seen as being behind the purge as she pursued her own presidential ambitions. Some of the demonstrators held placards emblazoned with Mnangagwa s face or covered with the words:  No to Mugabe Dynasty . Mugabe is accused by many Zimbabweans of ruling like a dictator, destroying a once-promising economy and of numerous human rights abuses during his nearly four decades in power. Contempt for the  Grand Old Man of Africa  brought together young and old, black and white, in the aptly named Robert Mugabe Street before they marched on to State House - the first time anyone has demonstrated outside the presidential offices without Mugabe s permission.  He is an evil man. Very, very wicked,  said Tendai, a 40-year-old laborer who was leading chants of  Freedom! .  Mugabe may be under house arrest but we have been living under country arrest our whole lives.  Many protesters spoke of their hopes for a better life in a country that has lurched from one crisis to the next and where most of the 16 million people live in poverty, as Mugabe and his family have amassed huge wealth. The crumbling buildings, boarded up shops and twisted figures of disabled beggars in Harare s streets bear witness to the poverty many hope will be tackled after Mugabe leaves.  We were praying for this day to come. Life has been very painful but we have been liberated,  said Kevin Mugwampi, who lost his job as a banker during a 2008 recession.  Today marks our second independence.  ",1
14470,Turkey's Erdogan rebuffs NATO apology over 'enemy poster',"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan on Saturday batted back an apology from the NATO military alliance after his name appeared on an  enemy poster  at a drill, saying such disrespectful behavior could not be so easily forgiven.  You have seen the disrespectful behavior at the NATO drill yesterday. There are some mistakes that are done not by fools but only by base people,  Erdogan said in a speech broadcast live on television.  This matter cannot be covered over with a simple apology,  he said. Erdogan said on Friday that Turkey was pulling 40 soldiers out of a NATO exercise in Norway, after his name appeared in a list of enemies on a poster at the drill. NATO and Oslo have since apologized. ",1
14471,"Zimbabwe's Mugabe 'ready to die for what is correct', nephew tells Reuters","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe and his wife Grace are  ready to die for what is correct  and have no intention of stepping down in order to legitimize this week s military coup, his nephew, Patrick Zhuwao, said on Saturday. Speaking to Reuters from a secret location in South Africa, Zhuwao said Mugabe had hardly slept since the military seized power on Wednesday but his health was otherwise  good . ",1
14472,Freeport evacuating Indonesian mine worker families after shootings,"TIMIKA, Indonesia (Reuters) - U.S. miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc is evacuating spouses and children of workers from its giant Indonesian copper mine after a string of shootings in the area raised security concerns. The move follows efforts by Indonesian authorities on Friday to evacuate villages near Freeport s Grasberg mine in the eastern province of Papua that authorities said had been occupied by armed separatists. Since August at least 12 people have been injured and two police officers have been killed by gunmen with suspected links to separatist rebels. Freeport has asked family and household members of its employees to prepare over the weekend for a temporary relocation from the mining town of Tembagapura, about 10 km (6.2 miles) from Grasberg, company sources said. Workers have been asked to stay behind and maintain their work schedule, they said. Details of the evacuation or the number of people impacted were not immediately clear. Shots were fired at a light vehicle and two large mining trucks were set on fire at Grasberg on Saturday, one of the sources said. The sources declined to be named as they were not authorized to talk to the media. Freeport in a statement on Saturday confirmed the evacuation plan and said it will be carried out immediately.  We are working closely with government and law enforcement to ensure the safety of our people and those in the communities we support, and to bring about the return of peace and stability as soon as possible,  it said. Grasberg is the world s second-largest copper mine by volume. The separatist West Papua National Liberation Army (TPN-OPM) says it is at war with Indonesian authorities and wants to  destroy  Freeport in an effort to gain sovereignty for the region. TPN-OPM has claimed responsibility for the shootings but denies police allegations it took civilian hostages. ",1
14473,Freeport evacuating Indonesian mine worker families after shootings,"TIMIKA, Indonesia (Reuters) - U.S. miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc is evacuating spouses and children of workers from its giant Indonesian copper mine after a string of shootings in the area raised security concerns. The move follows efforts by Indonesian authorities on Friday to evacuate villages near Freeport s Grasberg mine in the eastern province of Papua that authorities said had been occupied by armed separatists. Since August at least 12 people have been injured and two police officers have been killed by gunmen with suspected links to separatist rebels. Freeport has asked family and household members of its employees to prepare over the weekend for a temporary relocation from the mining town of Tembagapura, about 10 km (6.2 miles) from Grasberg, company sources said. Workers have been asked to stay behind and maintain their work schedule, they said. Details of the evacuation or the number of people impacted were not immediately clear. Shots were fired at a light vehicle and two large mining trucks were set on fire at Grasberg on Saturday, one of the sources said. The sources declined to be named as they were not authorized to talk to the media. Freeport in a statement on Saturday confirmed the evacuation plan and said it will be carried out immediately.  We are working closely with government and law enforcement to ensure the safety of our people and those in the communities we support, and to bring about the return of peace and stability as soon as possible,  it said. Grasberg is the world s second-largest copper mine by volume. The separatist West Papua National Liberation Army (TPN-OPM) says it is at war with Indonesian authorities and wants to  destroy  Freeport in an effort to gain sovereignty for the region. TPN-OPM has claimed responsibility for the shootings but denies police allegations it took civilian hostages. ",1
14474,South Africa's Zuma says supports 'people of Zimbabwe',JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma said on Saturday the African region was committed to supporting  the people of Zimbabwe  after a military takeover and that he was cautiously optimistic that the situation there could be resolved amicably. Zuma made the comments in the South African city of Durban as thousands of Zimbabweans celebrated the expected downfall of President Robert Mugabe in the streets of Harare. ,1
14475,Egypt-Gaza border opens under PA control for first time in a decade,"GAZA (Reuters) - The Egypt-Gaza border opened under control of the Western-backed Palestinian Authority for the first time since 2007 on Saturday, raising residents  hopes for easier passage in and out of the impoverished enclave. An Egyptian-brokered reconciliation deal last month formally restored Palestinian President Abbas s administrative control of Gaza, including its border crossings with Israel and Egypt, after a 10-year schism with Islamist Hamas. Palestinians hope the pact will ease Gaza s economic woes and help them present a united front in their drive for statehood, although the details of implementation of the deal have yet to be worked out fully. Citing security concerns, Egypt and Israel maintain tight restrictions at their Gaza borders. Hamas, regarded by the West as a terrorist group, seized the enclave in 2007 after fighting forces loyal to Abbas. Hamas quit positions at three Gaza crossings and handed them over to Palestinian Authority employees on Nov. 1, in a step seen as vital to encouraging Israel and Egypt to ease their restrictions on the movement of goods and people. Witnesses said at least five buses loaded with passengers crossed over to the Egyptian side of the Rafah border crossing on Saturday. Hamas-appointed policemen had checked travellers  documents in a separate hall outside Rafah.  Egypt has not yet signaled any change to its present policy under which it opens the border crossing three times a week. Palestinians are hoping the crossing will operate full-time, as it had been doing until 2007. About 30,000 Gazans have applied for entry to Egypt in the past few months, according to the Palestinian Interior Ministry. Egypt will host further talks with Hamas, Fatah and other factions next week on Nov. 21 to discuss major reconciliation issues, including security arrangements and a possible date for Palestinian presidential and parliamentary elections. Responsibility for security remains an open issue in Gaza, where Hamas, which still polices the territory, has what analysts say are at least 25,000 well-equipped fighters. The group refuses to disarm, as demanded by Israel and the United States. ",1
14476,Venezuela opposition leader Ledezma flees to Spain,"CARACAS/BOGOTA (Reuters) - Veteran Venezuelan opposition leader Antonio Ledezma, under house arrest since 2015 for alleged coup plotting, escaped across the border to Colombia on Friday and later flew to Spain. With a 2018 presidential election looming, an array of major Venezuelan opposition figures are now in exile, detention or are barred from holding office. They say Maduro has turned Venezuela into a dictatorship, while the government accuses them of joining forces with a U.S.-led global plot to topple him. Ledezma, the best-known detained opponent of leftist President Nicolas Maduro after Leopoldo Lopez, had spearheaded street protests against Maduro in 2014 that led to months of violence and 43 deaths.  In Spain today I feel free,  he said at Madrid s Barajas airport, where he arrived in the early hours of Saturday. He was cheered by a small crowd including his wife and two daughters, who were already in Spain. Supporters chanted the Venezuelan anthem.  Let s not permit that Venezuela dies in our hands,  he also said, adding that he would soon meet with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. The 62-year-old former Caracas metropolitan mayor said he had gone past 29 police and army controls during a clandestine, overland journey that he kept secret from his loved ones.  I ask my wife and daughters to understand. They have suffered long hours of anguish without knowing where I was,  he told reporters in the Colombian border town of Cucuta after crossing a bridge from San Antonio in Venezuela.  It was my decision alone.    Welcome to freedom!  tweeted former Colombian President Andres Pastrana, who is close to Venezuela s opposition and the families of other jailed activists. Ledezma was mocked by Maduro as  The Vampire,  and accused by officials of helping violent hardliners, including dissident military officers plotting to topple the president via air strikes. Ledezma said those charges were trumped up.  I hope they never send him back, they can keep the Vampire,  Maduro said on Friday evening.  The people of Madrid will have to be careful at night, the Vampire (is going) to Madrid.  Before boarding a private plane to Bogota, Ledezma said he was planning a  global pilgrimage  to fight for political freedom in Venezuela. He thanked Colombia s government, which also recently gave asylum to another high-profile Venezuelan dissident, former state prosecutor Luisa Ortega.  It s time for him (Maduro) to step aside and allow a transition government,  said Ledezma.  Maduro cannot keep torturing the Venezuelan people, he s killing Venezuelans with hunger.  The OPEC nation of 30 million people is suffering a fourth year of brutal recession, with the highest inflation in the world, shortages of food and medicines, and many people having to skip meals or suffering preventable illnesses. Government supporters have long vilified Ledezma for supporting a brief 2002 coup and accused him of corruption. State media repeatedly show a video where a jailed student radical lauds him as  an old fox ... the politician who most supported the resistance.  Ledezma, along with another opposition leader, Maria Corina Machado, has been part of the more militant wing of Venezuela s opposition coalition. Both oppose a planned new political dialogue between the opposition and government scheduled for early December in the Dominican Republic.  I left my flag with Maria Corina Machado, in whom I trust completely,  Ledezma told reporters. Ledezma won the Caracas mayoralty in 2008, but some of his functions and funding were quickly transferred to a new, pro-government office. Upstaged by younger opposition leaders, Ledezma was not viewed as a future presidential candidate. Intelligence agents took him from his office in Caracas in February 2015. He was originally held at the Ramo Verde military prison before being granted house arrest.   Machado told reporters Ledezma had been under increasing pressure from authorities and had faced threats to return him to Ramo Verde due to his opposition to the political dialogue.  We believe in real negotiations, but only ones that lead to the exit of the dictatorship,  she told reporters. ",1
14477,Hariri tells Lebanese president will be in Lebanon Wednesday: Aoun,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri, who resigned as Lebanon s prime minister this month while in Saudi Arabia, told President Michel Aoun in a phone call he would be in Lebanon on Wednesday for Independence Day celebrations, Aoun said on Twitter on Saturday. Hariri arrived in Paris on Saturday with his wife from Riyadh, where he has been since he announced his resignation on Nov. 4. He is due to meet French President Emmanuel Macron later on Saturday. ",1
14478,France should not interfere in Iran's missile program: adviser to Iran's supreme leader,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - France should not interfere in Iran s missile program, Ali Akbar Velayati, a senior adviser to Iran s supreme leader, said on Saturday according to state media. French President Emmanuel Macron said on Friday that Tehran should be less aggressive in the region and should clarify the strategy around its ballistic missile program.  It does not benefit Mr. Macron and France to interfere on the missile issue and the strategic affairs of the Islamic Republic, which we have great sensitivities about,  Velayati said.  What does this issue have to do with Mr. Macron? Who is he at all to interfere? If he wants relations between Iran and France to grow then he should try not to interfere in these issues.  U.S. President Donald Trump has said Iranian missile activity should be curbed. Iranian officials have repeatedly said the Islamic Republic s missile program is for defense purposes and is not up for negotiation. The program was not part of the 2015 nuclear deal with Western powers under which Iran agreed to curb its nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of some sanctions. France said on Wednesday it wanted an  uncompromising  dialogue with Iran about its ballistic missile program and a possible negotiation over the issue separate from Tehran s 2015 nuclear deal with world powers. ",1
14479,Lebanon's Hariri leaves Saudi Arabia for France on Friday,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Saad al-Hariri, who sparked a crisis by resigning as Lebanese prime minister on Nov. 4 during a visit to Saudi Arabia, is on his way to the airport, he said early on Saturday, before his flight from Riyadh to France.  Hariri s abrupt resignation while he was in Saudi Arabia and his continued stay there caused fears over Lebanon s stability. His visit to France with his family to meet President Emmanuel Macron is seen as part of a possible way out of the crisis.   I am on the way to the airport,  he said in a Tweet.  However, Okab Saqr, a member of parliament for Hariri s Future Movement, said that after Hariri s visit to France, he would have  a small Arab tour  before traveling to Beirut. Macron, speaking in Sweden, said Hariri  intends to return to his country in the coming days, weeks . The crisis has thrust Lebanon into the bitter rivalry pitting Saudi Arabia and its allies against a bloc led by Iran, which includes the heavily armed Lebanese Shi ite Hezbollah group.  In Lebanon, Hariri has long been an ally of Riyadh. His coalition government, formed in a political deal last year to end years of paralysis, includes Hezbollah.  President Michel Aoun, a political ally of Hezbollah, has called Hariri a Saudi hostage and refused to accept his resignation unless he returns to Lebanon. Saudi Arabia and Hariri say his movements are not restricted. On Wednesday, Macron invited Hariri to visit France along with his family, providing what French diplomats said might be a way to reduce tensions surrounding the crisis by demonstrating that Hariri could leave Saudi Arabia. Lebanese politicians from across the political spectrum have called for Hariri to return to the country, saying it is necessary to resolve the crisis.  Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil, who heads President Aoun s political party, said on Thursday Beirut could escalate the crisis if Hariri did not return home.  We have adopted self-restraint so far to arrive at this result so that we don t head towards diplomatic escalation and the other measures available to us,  he said during a European tour aimed at building pressure for a solution to the crisis. Saudi Arabia regards Hezbollah as a conduit for Iranian interference across the Middle East, particularly in Syria, Yemen and Bahrain. It says it has no problem with Hezbollah remaining a purely political party, but has demanded it surrender its arms, which the group says are needed to defend Lebanon.  Although Riyadh has said it accepted Hariri s decision to join a coalition with Hezbollah last year, after Hariri announced his resignation Saudi Arabia accused Lebanon of declaring war on it because of Hezbollah s regional role. Lebanon, where Sunni, Shi ite, Christian and Druze groups fought a 1975-1990 civil war, maintains a governing system intended to balance sectarian groups. The prime minister is traditionally from the Sunni community, of which Hariri is the most influential leader. On Friday, Hariri said in a tweet that his presence in Saudi Arabia was for  consultations on the future of the situation in Lebanon and its relations with the surrounding Arab region .  His scheduled meeting with Macron in Paris on Saturday, and a lunch that his family will also attend, comes the day before Arab foreign ministers meet in Cairo to discuss Iran.  Maha Yahya, director of the Carnegie Middle East Centre in Beirut, says it appears Saudi Arabia hopes the ministers will adopt a  strongly worded statement  against Iran. But she said not all the countries share Riyadh s view that one way to confront Iran is to apply pressure on Lebanon.  There is quite a widespread understanding that there is only so much Lebanon can do and it doesn t serve anybody to turn Lebanon into your next arena for a fight between Iran and Saudi Arabia,  said. ",1
14480,Syria toxic gas inquiry to end after Russia again blocks U.N. renewal,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - An international investigation into who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in Syria will end on Friday after Russia blocked for the third time in a month attempts at the United Nations to renew the inquiry, which Moscow has slammed as flawed.  In the past two years, the joint U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) inquiry has found the Syrian government used the nerve agent sarin in an April 4 attack and has also several times used chlorine as a weapon. It blamed Islamic State militants for using mustard gas. Russia vetoed on Friday a Japanese-drafted U.N. Security Council resolution to extend the inquiry for one month. It was an eleventh-hour bid to buy more time for negotiations after Russia blocked U.S.-drafted resolutions on Thursday and Oct. 24 to renew the investigation, which the council created in 2015. Syrian ally Russia has cast 11 vetoes on possible Security Council action on Syria since the country s civil war began in 2011. The Japanese draft received 12 votes in favor on Friday, while China abstained and Bolivia joined Russia to vote no. After Friday s vote, the council moved to closed-door discussions at the request of Sweden s U.N. Ambassador Olof Skoog to  ensure we are absolutely convinced we have exhausted every avenue, every effort  to try and renew the investigation. After a brief discussion, Italian U.N. Ambassador Sebastiano Cardi, council president for November, told reporters:  The council will continue to work in the coming hours and days, constructively, to find a common position.  Russian U.N. Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia told the council earlier on Friday that the inquiry could only be extended if  fundamental flaws in its work  were fixed. He said that for the past two year the investigators had  rubber-stamped baseless accusations against Syria.  The council voted on a rival Russian-drafted resolution on Thursday to renew the inquiry, but it failed after only garnering four votes in favor. A resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes by the United States, France, Russia, Britain or China to be adopted.   Russia is wasting our time,  U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the council on Friday.  Russia s actions today and in recent weeks have been designed to delay, to distract and ultimately to defeat the effort to secure accountability for chemical weapons attacks in Syria,  Haley said. While Russia agreed to the creation of the inquiry two years ago, it has consistently questioned its work and conclusions. The April 4 sarin attack on Khan Sheikhoun that killed dozens of people prompted the United States to launch missiles on a Syrian air base. Haley warned on Thursday:  We will do it again if we must.  Despite the public deadlock and war of words between the United States and Russia at the United Nations, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Thursday that President Donald Trump believed he could work with Russian President Vladimir Putin on issues like Syria. Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013 under a deal brokered by Russia and the United States. ",1
14481,"Greeks march to mark 1973 student revolt against junta, clashes break out","ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek police clashed with hooded youths in Athens on Friday after thousands marched to mark a bloody 1973 student uprising that helped topple the military junta which then ruled the country.  More than 10,000 people marched peacefully to the embassy of the United States, which some Greeks accuse of having supported the seven-year military dictatorship. About 5,000 police were deployed in the streets of central Athens. At the tail-end of the demonstration, hooded youths hurled stones and petrol bombs at police in the Exarchia district in central Athens, often the setting for such clashes. Police used teargas to disperse them. Earlier on Friday, Greeks laid flowers at the Athens Polytechnic University to honor those killed during the revolt. The junta collapsed less than a year later. The annual protest often becomes a focal point for protests against government policies and austerity measures mandated by the country s international lenders in exchange for bailout funds. The crisis that broke out in 2010 has left hundreds of thousands of people unemployed.   Protesters held banners reading:  We will live freely  and  No pensioner will be fired!   After seven years of belt-tightening Greeks hope that they will emerge from lenders  supervision in August 2018, when the country s third international bailout expires. Many of them accuse a political elite of driving the country to bankruptcy.  ",1
14482,Australian medical group wants access to Manus Island asylum seekers,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australia s main medical association called on Saturday for the government to allow independent doctors and other health experts to help more than 400 asylum seekers languishing inside a recently closed detention center in Papua New Guinea. The asylum seekers have shut themselves inside the Australian-run Manus Island Centre for the past 18 days, defying attempts by Australia and Papua New Guinea (PNG) to close it in a standoff the United Nations describes as a  looming humanitarian crisis . Australia has shut access to the center, and staff, including doctors, have left, leaving the men without sufficient food, clean water, power or medical care. Members of the Australian Medical Association (AMA) voted unanimously on Saturday to call on the government to grant access to the center so doctors could assess the men s health, wellbeing and living conditions.  The AMA has made many representations on this matter, both publicly and in private but, with a worsening and more dangerous situation emerging on Manus, the federal council strongly believes that urgent action and answers are needed,  AMA President Michael Gannon said.  It is our responsibility as a nation with a strong human rights record to ensure that we look after the health and wellbeing of these men, and provide them with safe and hygienic living conditions.  Government spokesmen were not immediately available for comment. Australia s  sovereign borders  immigration policy, under which it refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores, has been heavily criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups but has bipartisan political support in Australia. The 421 asylum seekers on Manus island say they fear violent reprisals from the community if they move to transit centers, pending possible resettlement to the United States. Sudanese refugee Abdul Aziz said via text message on Saturday that PNG officials had started to dismantle the center s perimeter fences and food was running low.  We are waiting drinking from the rainwater ... it s tense feeling, we don t have any idea what PNG will do to us. Their attitude toward us they are really aggressive,  Aziz said. PNG s Supreme Court ruled last year that the center breached its laws and fundamental human rights, leading to the decision to close it. New Zealand has offered to accept 150 of the men, but Australia has declined the offer saying the priority was an existing refugee swap deal negotiated with former U.S. President Barack Obama last year.   Under that deal, up to 1,250 asylum seekers could be sent to the United States and Australia will in turn accept refugees from Central America. ",1
14483,China says will work with North Korea to boost ties as envoy visits,"BEIJING/SEOUL (Reuters) - Traditional friendship between China and North Korea represents  valuable wealth  for their people, China said after its special envoy met a high-ranking North Korean official, but there was no mention of the crisis over North Korea s weapons. Song Tao, who heads the ruling Chinese Communist Party s international department, is visiting Pyongyang to discuss the outcome of the recently concluded Communist Party Congress in China, at which President Xi Jinping cemented his power. In a brief statement dated Friday but reported by Chinese media on Saturday, the international department said Song, who is there representing Xi, reported to North Korean official Choe Ryong Hae the outcome of the congress. Song and Choe also talked about relations between their parties and countries, the department said.  They said that the traditional friendship between China and North Korea was founded and cultivated by both countries former old leaders, and is valuable wealth for the two peoples,  it said.  Both sides must work hard together to promote the further development of relations between the two parties and two countries to benefit their two peoples.  The department made no mention of North Korea s nuclear or missile programs, which are strongly opposed by China. The North s official KCNA news agency said Song informed Choe about China s 19th National Congress  in detail , and stressed China s stance to steadily develop the traditionally friendly relations between the two parties and countries. Song arrived on Friday but it is not clear how long he will be in North Korea. China has repeatedly pushed for a diplomatic solution to the crisis over North Korea s development of nuclear weapons and missiles to carry them, but in recent months it has had only limited high-level exchanges with North Korea.  The last time China s special envoy for North Korea visited the country was in February last year. Song s trip comes just a week after U.S. President Donald Trump visited Beijing as part of an Asia tour, where he pressed for greater action to rein in North Korea, especially from China, with which North Korea does 90 percent of its trade. The influential state-run Chinese tabloid the Global Times said in an editorial that it was unwise to expect too much from his trip, saying his key mission was to inform North Korea about the party congress in Beijing.  Song is not a magician,  the newspaper said.   The key to easing the situation on the peninsula lies in the hands of Washington and Pyongyang. If both sides insist on their own logic and refuse to move in the same direction, even if Song opens a door for talks, the door could be closed any time.  It is not clear whether Song will meet North Korea s youthful leader Kim Jong Un. Kim and President Xi exchanged messages of congratulations and thanks over the Chinese party congress, but neither leader has visited the other s country since assuming power. Song s department is in charge of the party s relations with foreign political parties, and has traditionally served as a conduit for Chinese diplomacy with North Korea. China s new special envoy for North Korea, Kong Xuanyou, who took up his position in August, is not believed to have visited the country since assuming the job. ",1
14484,Argentina intensifies search for missing submarine with 44 crew,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - An Argentine submarine with 44 crew on board was missing in the South Atlantic two days after its last communication, prompting the navy to step up its search efforts late on Friday in difficult, stormy conditions.  The ARA San Juan was in the southern Argentine sea 432 km (268 miles) from the Patagonian coast when it sent its last signal on Wednesday, naval spokesman Enrique Balbi said.  The emergency operation was formally upgraded to a search-and-rescue procedure on Friday evening after no visual or radar contact was made with the submarine, Balbi said.   Detection has been difficult despite the quantity of boats and aircraft  involved in the search, Balbi said, noting that heavy winds and high waves were complicating efforts.   Obviously, the number of hours that have passed - two days in which there has been no communication - is of note.  The navy believes the submarine, which left Ushuaia en route to the coastal city of Mar del Plata in Buenos Aires province, had communication difficulties that may have been caused by an electrical outage, Balbi said. Navy protocol would call for the submarine to come to the surface once communication was lost.   We expect that it is on the surface,  Balbi said.  The German-built submarine, which uses diesel-electric propulsion, was inaugurated in 1983, making it the newest of the three submarines in the navy s fleet, according to the navy. President Mauricio Macri said the government was in contact with the crew s families.  We share their concern and that of all Argentines,  he wrote on Twitter.  We are committed to using all national and international resources necessary to find the ARA San Juan submarine as soon as possible.  Argentina accepted an offer from the United States for a NASA P-3 explorer aircraft, which had been stationed in the southern city of Ushuaia and was preparing to depart to Antarctica, to fly over the search area, Balbi said. A Hercules C-130 from the Argentine Air Force was also flying over the operational area. Brazil, Uruguay, Chile, Peru, Britain and South Africa had also formally offered assistance.  ",1
14485,Zimbabwe's ruling party to hold rally as anti-Mugabe tide rises,"HARARE (Reuters) - President Robert Mugabe s own ruling ZANU-PF party wants him to step down and plans to hold a rally in Zimbabwe s capital Harare on Saturday to make the point. Mugabe, at Zimbabwe s helm since independence from Britain in 1980, faces the starkest challenge ever to his rule after the army seized power on Wednesday, saying it was targeting  criminals  around the nonagenarian leader. ZANU-PF called on Friday for Mugabe to resign, the main state newspaper The Herald reported, a clear sign that the aging leader s authority has collapsed after the army takeover. The newspaper said that ZANU-PF branches in all 10 provinces had met and had also called for Mugabe s wife Grace, whose ambitions to succeed her husband triggered the political crisis, to resign from the party.  A senior member of ZANU-PF earlier told Reuters the party wanted their long-time president gone.   If he becomes stubborn, we will arrange for him to be fired on Sunday,  the source said.  When that is done, it s impeachment on Tuesday.   The Herald reported that ZANU-PF would convene a special Central Committee meeting on Sunday to  realign the revolutionary party with current political developments . Pointedly, the military said it  fully supports  a  solidarity march  - apparently separate from the ZANU-PF event - in Harare on Saturday, part of an apparent groundswell of anti-Mugabe sentiment unleashed by the dramatic events of the past few days. The army said it had been  approached by several private volunteer organizations seeking to freely move and express their desires  and they could do so if they were orderly and peaceful.    Harare has been calm as the coup has unfolded but the armed forces also said in a statement that  people have been warned against looting .  The army appears to want Mugabe to go quietly and allow a transition to Emmerson Mnangagwa, whose sacking last week as vice president sparked the army action. A goal of the generals is to prevent Mugabe handing power to his wife, Grace, 41 years his junior, who appeared on the cusp of power after Mnangagwa was pushed out. Mugabe, 93, who calls himself the grand old man of African politics, looks to be running out of options. The army is camped on his doorstep. Grace Mugabe is under house arrest and her key political allies are in military custody.  All the main pillars of Mugabe s rule have turned on him or have offered no support.  The police have shown no resistance, while Chris Mutsvangwa, the leader of Zimbabwe s influential war veterans, said on Friday that Mugabe would not be allowed to resist the military and remain in power. And ZANU-PF, which built a cult of personality around its leader, has now deserted him. Mugabe is revered by some as an elder statesman and independence leader but also reviled by many in Africa and abroad who accuse him of resorting to violence to retain power while running a once promising economy into the ground. The economy collapsed after the seizure of white-owned farms in 2000. Unemployment is now running at nearly 90 percent and chronic shortages of hard currency have triggered inflation, with the prices of imports rising as much as 50 percent a month. ",1
14486,Venezuela's Maduro offers to help Trump fight drugs,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, whose top political allies have been accused by Washington of dealing in illegal narcotics, on Friday offered to help U.S. President Donald Trump in fighting the drug trade. Top Venezuelan officials including Vice President Tareck El Aissami and Interior Minister Nestor Reverol have been blacklisted by the U.S. Treasury on allegations they have helped move drugs from neighboring Colombia into North America. Maduro calls those charges a smear campaign, and insists that the United States must do more to reduce drug consumption.   President Trump, if you really want to fight drug trafficking that has destroyed U.S. youth and filled the country with drugs from Colombia, you have an ally in me,  Maduro said in a televised broadcast.  Come find out about our experience, we can join forces.  He did not provide further details. Maduro has repeatedly excoriated Trump for sanctions against Venezuela, which range from restrictions on U.S. banks buying newly issued debt to barring American citizens from having any dealings with specific individuals in his government. The Trump administration slammed Maduro s decision to create an all-powerful legislature called the Constituent Assembly in August. The opposition and the international community decried that move as the consolidation of a dictatorship. Maduro, who is himself under U.S. sanction, has in the past requested meetings with Trump. The White House responded to one such entreaty this year by saying it will meet with Venezuela s president when the country returns to democracy. ",1
14487,U.S. urges passage of Japan proposal to extend probe of chemical weapons attacks in Syria,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department on Friday urged passage of a U.S.-drafted United Nations Security Council resolution to renew an international inquiry into chemical weapons attacks in Syria for one month. State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert, speaking to reporters in a briefing, said the United States was very disappointed in Russia s veto of U.N. Security Council action on the issue on Thursday. Russia separately on Friday rejected the one-month extension proposal crafted by Japan. ",1
14488,Russia blocks bid to briefly extend Syria chemical weapons inquiry,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Russia vetoed on Friday a Japanese-drafted U.N. Security Council resolution to extend by one month an international inquiry into who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in Syria, just a day after Moscow blocked a U.S. push to renew the investigation. The mandate for the joint inquiry by the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), which was unanimously created by the 15-member Security Council in 2015, ends on Friday.  Syrian ally Russia has now cast 11 vetoes on possible Security Council action on Syria since the country s civil war began in 2011.  The U.N./OPCW investigation found that the Syrian government used the banned nerve agent sarin in an April 4 attack and has also used chlorine as a weapon several times. It blamed Islamic State militants for using mustard gas.   ",1
14489,"Lebanon's Hariri on Twitter: ""I am on the way to the airport""","CAIRO (Reuters) - Lebanon Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said late on Friday he is on his way to the airport in Saudi Arabia.  Hariri, who sparked a crisis by resigning as Lebanese prime minister on Nov. 4 during a visit to Saudi Arabia, tweeted,  To say that I am held up in Saudi Arabia and not allowed to leave the country is a lie. I am on the way to the airport...    Earlier a member of his party said Hariri will leave Riyadh for France on Friday, but will not return directly to Beirut after the visit.  Hariri s abrupt resignation while he was in Saudi Arabia and his continued stay there caused fears over Lebanon s stability and thrust it into the bitter rivalry between Riyadh and Iran. ",1
14490,Lebanese Sunni politician warns of Arab sanctions over Hezbollah,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon could face economic sanctions from Arab countries or worse if Hezbollah does not stop meddling in regional conflicts, a Lebanese Sunni politician said on Friday.  Former Justice Minister Ashraf Rifi, who rose to prominence with vocal opposition to Shi ite Hezbollah, is closely aligned to the Saudi position in Lebanon and more hawkish than long-established Sunni leaders.   We can expect economic repercussions. At the political level too, at the level of our Lebanese-Arab relations. And it s open to all the possibilities, unfortunately,  he said. His comments to Reuters echo recent statements by Saad al-Hariri, who quit abruptly as Lebanese prime minister in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia two weeks ago.     The shock resignation thrust Lebanon into a regional rivalry between Riyadh and its allies against an Iranian bloc, which includes the Hezbollah militant group and political party.     Rifi said he has been in touch with Saudi officials recently over Lebanon s crisis and is familiar with Riyadh s thinking.       A political rival of Hariri, Rifi defeated a Hariri-backed list in local elections in the mostly Sunni city of Tripoli last year, though he lacks the premier s country-wide standing.   Today, Lebanese officials have a big responsibility. All the Lebanese officials have to be careful about good relations with the Arab world,  Rifi told Reuters.  There is no more leniency towards Hezbollah...using its illegitimate arsenal  in Middle East conflicts.   Lebanon s heavily armed Hezbollah, a part of the political fabric, wields great influence in the country. It also has sent thousands of fighters into Syria to battle alongside the Damascus government against mostly Sunni rebels and militants.  Lebanese politicians and bankers have said they fear Saudi Arabia corralling Arab allies to economically blockade Lebanon as they did with Qatar.      Lebanon cannot live without the Arab countries,  Rifi said.  We know how many Lebanese work in Saudi Arabia or in the Gulf and how much revenue they bring...to the Lebanese economy.       Up to 400,000 Lebanese work in the Gulf, and remittances flowing into the country are a vital source of cash to keep its economy afloat and the heavily-indebted government functioning. Political sources have said that potential sanctions include a ban on flights, visas, exports and transfer of remittances.    Saudi Arabia and its Arab allies have now drawn a line in the sand, Rifi said.  That there is no place for (Hezbollah) in (Lebanon s) future government, if it keeps choosing to be a security and military arm for Iran.  The Lebanese state will have to distance itself in  a real and practical  way from regional wars  so that we don t bear the repercussions of Hezbollah s acts,  he added.  In his resignation speech, Hariri said he feared assassination, railing against Iran and Hezbollah. A Sunni Muslim leader and long-time Saudi ally, Hariri has yet to return to Beirut. In his public comments after quitting, Hariri warned of possible Arab sanctions and a danger to the livelihoods of Lebanese in the Gulf. Hezbollah must stop intervening in regional conflicts, particularly Yemen, he said.   Lebanon s President Michel Aoun has called Hariri a Saudi hostage, refusing to accept his resignation unless he returns to Beirut, and stressing that the government still stands. Saudi Arabia and Hariri say he is a free man. Hariri became prime minister last year in a power-sharing deal that made Aoun, a Hezbollah political ally, president and his coalition government includes Hezbollah.  Rifi criticized Aoun s stance, as well as other Lebanese accusations that Riyadh forced Hariri to quit, as  surprising and unprecedented.  He considered Hariri s resignation constitutional and said Lebanon would have to form a new,  more balanced  government in the near future.  Rifi, a former police chief, resigned as justice minister in 2016 in protest at what he described as Hezbollah s dominant role. He had also heaped criticism on Hariri for nominating another Hezbollah ally to fill the vacant presidency.  From the moment the prime minister uttered his desire to quit, the government became a resigned one,  he said.",1
14491,Chile's presidential hopefuls wrap up campaigning ahead of Sunday vote,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Chile s presidential hopefuls wrapped up campaigning on Thursday in a race that has pitted billionaire Sebastian Pinera s promise for change against center-left candidate Alejandro Guillier s defense of a recent raft of progressive reforms. With their six rivals trailing far behind, Pinera and Guillier are widely expected to place first and second, respectively, in Sunday s election, allowing them to move on to an eventual Dec. 17 run-off. Pinera, a 67-year-old former president, has portrayed himself as the best bet for reviving growth that has slowed in recent years in the world s No.1 copper producer. He has vowed to cut the corporate tax rate and scale back outgoing President Michelle Bachelet s tax, labor and education reforms that Guillier has vowed to deepen. Bachelet cannot run for office again because of term limits.  Chileans face an important decision. They re going to have to choose between change or continuity,  Pinera told journalists on Thursday on the last day for campaigning before the election. Guillier, a bearded former journalist-turned-Senator, has tapped concerns that Pinera would mark a setback for gains made in Bachelet s government for students, women and workers - from lowered university fees to laws that have empowered unions.  This is an election to define the two Chiles,  Guillier said.  Support for education, health care and rights, or a return to the market.  Neither candidate marks a sharp departure from the historically moderate leaders that have governed Chile since the country s transition to democracy from dictatorship in 1990. But if Pinera wins as expected, this year s election would mark another rightward shift in South America following the rise of conservative leaders in Peru, Argentina and Brazil. Pinera s and Guillier s rivals passed out leaflets and chatted up voters in a final bid to shore up support, or at least help their parties win seats in the next Congress. Analyst group Tresquintos said leftist candidate Beatriz Sanchez, a distant third in opinion polls, has zero chance of catching up to Guillier. The probability of Pinera securing at least 50 percent of votes needed to avoid a runoff election was only slightly better at 0.001 percent, it added in an email. Still, riding high with more than double Guillier s support in recent polls, Pinera urged Chileans to  make it short  and vote for him on Sunday to give him an outright win. ",1
14492,Factbox - Pot Nation: Canada's plans for legal marijuana,"(Reuters) - Recreational marijuana is on track to be legalized in Canada by July 2018, making Canada the first Group of Seven country to allow the drug nationwide and the second in the world after Uruguay. While the federal legislation proposed by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s Liberal government will regulate cannabis production, the details of who can sell it and who can buy it will be largely left up to the country s provinces. The following are details of some key factors of how legal marijuana is shaping up in Canada.  So far, five of Canada s 10 provinces have come forward with frameworks for retail marijuana sale. In Ontario, Quebec and New Brunswick, cannabis sales will be run by provincial government-owned entities. The western provinces of Manitoba and Alberta have said they will license private retailers.  The federal government set the minimum legal age for buying marijuana at 18, but the provinces can raise that if they wish. In Ontario, Canada s most populous province, the legal age will be 19. The federal government s proposed law also permits adults to grow up to four marijuana plants at home, although Quebec announced Thursday it will not allow residents of the province to grow their own marijuana.  Federal and provincial governments are tightening the rules around impaired driving and bringing in a roadside saliva test to check for drug impairment. The federal government is setting up systems to track all cannabis from seed to sale, to license non-medical producers and to test marijuana for potency and quality control. The federal government has already issued more than 70 licenses for producing medical marijuana, which has been legal in Canada since 2001. MJIC Inc s equal-weighted Canadian Marijuana Index, which tracks stocks of major legal cannabis companies, is up 28 percent this year. The Horizons Marijuana Life Sciences ETF, the first exchange traded fund in North America to focus on the legal market, is up more than 20 percent since it launched in April. Canopy Growth Corp, Aurora Cannabis and Aphria, three of Canada s four biggest marijuana producers by market cap, have gained 89 percent, 137 percent and 71 percent respectively this year. MedReleaf Corp, the fourth, which listed in June, is up 107 percent since its debut.  Marijuana stocks listed have surged since Oct. 30, when U.S. alcohol company Constellation Brands bought a nearly 10 percent stake in Canopy for about C$245 million ($192.05 million). A battle is brewing between the federal government and some provinces over how tax revenue is divided between the two levels of government. The federal government said last week it wants an excise tax on all cannabis products of C$1 (78 cents) per gram (0.04 ounce), or 10 percent of the retail price, whichever is higher.  The government proposed splitting the tax 50-50 with the provinces, drawing criticism from Ontario which says it will face higher costs related to enforcement and establishing a system for sales.  ($1 = 1.2757 Canadian dollars) ",1
14493,Zimbabwe's Mugabe digs in heels as ruling party moves to depose him,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s ruling ZANU-PF party called on Friday for President Robert Mugabe to resign, the main state newspaper The Herald reported, the latest sign that the aging leader s authority has collapsed after an army takeover. The newspaper said that ZANU-PF branches in all 10 provinces had met on Friday and had also called for Mugabe s wife Grace, whose ambitions to succeed her husband triggered the unfolding political crisis, to resign from the party.  Mugabe appeared in public on Friday for the first time since the army took charge, as the ruling party made plans to force him to step down after almost four decades in power. The president, who is 93, opened a graduation ceremony at Zimbabwe Open University in Harare. He wore blue and yellow academic robes and a mortar board hat and appeared to fall asleep in his chair as his eyes closed and his head lolled. Mugabe led the country s liberation struggle and has dominated its politics since independence in 1980. A senior member of the ZANU-PF ruling party said it wanted him gone.  If he becomes stubborn, we will arrange for him to be fired on Sunday,  the source said.  When that is done, it s impeachment on Tuesday.  The Herald reported that ZANU-PF would convene a special Central Committee meeting on Sunday to  realign the revolutionary party with current political developments.  The military, which seized power on Wednesday, has so far treated Mugabe carefully. It said in a statement on national television it was  engaging  with Mugabe, referred to him as Commander in Chief and said it would announce an outcome as soon as possible. ZANU-PF has also called for a mass meeting in the capital on Saturday to show its support for the War Veterans group in their bid to remove Mugabe. The veterans, Mugabe s former comrades from the liberation war, who enjoyed a privileged position under his rule for decades, had chafed in recent years as his wife Grace positioned herself to succeed him. They finally turned on him decisively after he sacked Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa last week. The Herald newspaper on Friday said that ZANU-PF wanted Mnangagwa reinstated as vice president because he was dismissed  without endorsement of the central committee . Many Zimbabweans suspect the military s plan is to hand power to Mnangagwa, a long-serving Mugabe confidant and liberation war veteran nicknamed  the Crocodile . If so, the generals may be waiting until Mnangagwa can be reinstated as vice president before arranging for Mugabe to resign. Mugabe is revered as an elder statesman and independence leader but he is also viewed by many in Africa as a president who crippled his country by remaining in power too long. He calls himself the grand old man of African politics. Zimbabwe s official newspaper, the Herald, ran photographs late on Thursday showing Mugabe grinning and shaking hands with military chief General Constantino Chiwenga, who led the army takeover. The images stunned Zimbabweans who said it meant Mugabe was managing to hold out against Chiwenga s coup. Some political sources said he was trying to delay his departure until elections scheduled for next year. The ZANU-PF source said he would not be able to stay that long. Anxious to avoid a protracted stalemate, party leaders were drawing up plans to dismiss Mugabe at the weekend if he refused to quit, the source said.  There is no going back,  the source told Reuters.  It s like a match delayed by heavy rain, with the home side leading 90-0 in the 89th minute.  The army is camped on his doorstep. Grace Mugabe is under house arrest and her key political allies are in military custody. The police, once a bastion of support for Mugabe, have showed no signs of resistance to the army. Furthermore, he has little popular backing in the capital, a stronghold of support for opposition parties that have tapped into the anger and frustration at his handling of the economy, which collapsed after the seizure of white-owned farms in 2000. After stabilising briefly when Mugabe was forced to work with the opposition in a 2009-2013 unity government, the economy has collapsed again. Unemployment is now running at nearly 90 percent and chronic shortages of hard currency have triggered hyperinflation, with the prices of imports rising as much as 50 percent a month. Mugabe has won a series of elections but his critics in Africa and the West say his handling of the economy has been disastrous and he has used violence to maintain power. Botswana s President Ian Khama told him to resign.  I don t think anyone should be President for that amount of time. We are Presidents. We are not monarchs. It s just common sense,  Khama said. Still, African states are keen that whatever outcome is achieved in Zimbabwe, it happens within the framework of the constitution, which may give Mugabe some leverage over the terms of his departure.  We note with great concern the unfolding political development in Zimbabwe and we hope that they will not lead to unconstitutional change of government,  South African President Jacob Zuma said at a Southern African Development Community meeting in Botswana s capital Gaborone. Dumiso Dabengwa, a Zimbabwean liberation war veteran and KGB-trained former intelligence chief, said Mugabe s fate was sealed but old age was causing him to dig in his heels.  At his age, everybody becomes very stubborn and he would be no exception,  he told reporters in Johannesburg.   He certainly will not do it easily, but I think the people will show him that he s no longer wanted.  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday urged  a quick return to civilian rule  in Zimbabwe.  Zimbabwe has an opportunity to set itself on a new path, one that must include democratic elections and respect for human rights,  Tillerson told African foreign ministers ahead of a meeting in Washington. (For a graphic on 'Zimbabwe's struggling economy' click here) ",1
14494,Qatar foreign minister decries 'reckless leadership' in region,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Qatar s foreign minister on Friday criticized  reckless leadership  in the Gulf for a number of crises including the Gulf rift and Lebanon, taking apparent aim at Saudi Arabia. The diplomatic crisis, in which Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt have boycotted Qatar, has been brewing since the summer after the four countries cut diplomatic, transport and trade ties with Qatar, accusing it of financing terrorism. Doha denies the charges. Saudi Arabia and its allies are fighting for sway across the region against a bloc led by Iran, which includes the heavily armed Lebanese Shi ite Hezbollah group. Attention on the dispute has shifted recently especially in the wake of Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri s shock resignation announcement this month while in Saudi Arabia. Hariri s abrupt resignation and his continued stay in Riyadh have caused fears over Lebanon s stability and thrust it into the bitter rivalry between Riyadh and Iran. Saudi Arabia and Hariri - whom Riyadh backs - say his movements are not restricted. Riyadh also denies accusations it forced Hariri to resign.  We see a pattern of irresponsibility and a reckless leadership in the region which is just trying to bully countries into submission,  Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al Thani said in Washington.  What we are witnessing now in the region ... it s something we just witness(ed) in recent history, bullying small countries into submission.  Exactly what happened to Qatar six months ago is happening now to Lebanon. The leadership in Saudi Arabia and the UAE need to understand ... there is no right for any country to interfere in other countries  affairs,  he told a group of reporters. Asked to comment on those remarks, the Saudi Embassy in Washington s spokeswoman, Fatimah Baeshen, said:  The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia s foreign policy has always been premised on regional stability, peace, and security. The Kingdom does not interfere with its neighbors  domestic affairs.  Riyadh says Qatar backs terrorism and cozies up to Iran. Qatar rejects the accusation and says it is being punished for straying from its neighbors  backing for authoritarian rulers. Since Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman rose to power less than three years ago, Riyadh has struck a more aggressive posture towards Iran, launching a war in Yemen, leading the boycott of neighboring Qatar, and ratcheting up its rhetoric against Hezbollah. U.S. efforts to bring an end to the dispute have yet to bear fruit. Qatar hosts the largest U.S. air base in the region which is used in the international coalition fighting Islamic State. Thani said Qatar s Boeing C-17 transport aircraft, used by Doha for logistical support within the coalition, were forced to fly over Iran given that Saudi Arabia and the UAE have blocked Qatari planes from flying over their airspace.  So if we imagine that any emergency will happen, those C-17 planes which might have U.S. troops will land in Iran.  So this is the impact of this blockade ... on the global coalition and on U.S. military operations there,  Thani said. A spokesman for the U.S. Air Forces Central Command said the Qataris have flown  nearly 30 mobility missions in support of  Coalition operations to defeat ISIS, moving more than a million pounds of cargo, including parts and supplies  since Doha recommitted its C-17 fleet to Operation Inherent Resolve in July.  At this time, we are aware of no Qatari C-17 flights having traversed Iranian airspace while carrying Coalition cargo,  Lt. Colonel Damien Pickart told Reuters. ",1
14495,Iraqi forces recapture last Islamic State-held town,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi forces on Friday captured the border town of Rawa, the last remaining town under Islamic State control, signaling the collapse of the group s self-proclaimed caliphate. Rawa s capture marks the end of Islamic State s era of territorial rule over a so-called caliphate that it proclaimed in 2014 across vast swathes of Iraq and Syria. Iraqi forces  liberated Rawa entirely, and raised the Iraqi flag over its buildings,  Lieutenant General Abdul Ameer Rasheed Yarallah said in a statement from the Joint Operations Command. Syria s army has also declared victory against Islamic State, but last week militants re-infiltrated Albu Kamal, near the border from Iraq, and are still fighting there, as well as in some villages and desert areas nearby.  All the forces fighting Islamic State in both countries  expect a new phase of guerrilla warfare, a tactic the militants have already shown themselves capable of. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi congratulated Iraq s armed forces and people, saying Rawa was retaken in record time and that Iraq would soon completely defeat Islamic State.  I congratulate our heroic forces and the Iraqi people on the liberation of Rawa. The success of our forces, in record time and with excellent planning, shows their strength. Our armed forces continue to secure the Jazira and desert area and the Iraqi border. Total victory is near,  he said. A map published by the military showed zero areas under Islamic State control and a spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition fighting the group in both Iraq and Syria said on Twitter it had  crumbled . A video issued by the military showed Iraqi forces sending a message to Rawa s residents via radio which said:  Daesh has ended for good, and now the age of Iraq begins,  referring to the Sunni militant group by an Arabic acronym. Another showed a convoy of military vehicles sporting Iraqi flags and blasting out the national anthem. State television played patriotic songs and aired footage of troops in Rawa.  With the liberation of Rawa we can say all the areas in which Daesh is present have been liberated,  a military spokesman said. Iraqi forces will now focus on routing the militants who fled into the desert and exert control over Iraq s borders, the spokesman said. Rawa borders Syria, whose army seized the last substantial town on the border with Iraq, Albu Kamal. Albu Kamal shares a border crossing with al-Qaim in Iraq. The militants lost control of the border crossing earlier this month, dealing a critical blow to the organization, which had long relied on the route to move its fighters and equipment. The group s leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, is believed to be hiding in the stretch of desert which runs along the border of both countries.    Driven this year from its two de facto capitals   Iraq s Mosul and Syria s Raqqa   Islamic State was progressively squeezed into an ever-shrinking pocket of desert, straddling the frontier between the two countries, by enemies that include most regional states and global powers. In Iraq, Islamic State faced the army and the Shi ite paramilitary groups, backed both by the U.S.-led international coalition and by Iran.  Iraq has been carrying out its final campaign to crush the Islamic State caliphate while also mounting a military offensive in the north against the Kurds who held an independence referendum in September. However, Islamic State s defeat does not mean civilians are now safe, the International Rescue Committee said. Nearly 3.2 million people are unable or unwilling to return home after years of displacement and over 11 million are in need of vital humanitarian assistance, it said.  Today marks a historic day for the people of Iraq. It is, however, vital that the international community does not view the end of (Islamic State) territorial control as the end of their responsibility to the Iraqi people who have endured years of conflict and face a long, difficult recovery,  the group s Iraq Country Director Wendy Taeuber said in a statement. ",1
14496,U.N. pleads for end of Yemen blockade or 'untold thousands' will die," (This story from November 16 corrects paragraph 15 to say Aden port only partially open and Sanaa airport remains closed, not open for commercial flights) By Stephanie Nebehay and Tom Miles GENEVA (Reuters) - The heads of three U.N. agencies urged the Saudi-led military coalition on Thursday to lift its blockade of Yemen, warning that  untold thousands  would die if it stayed in place. The coalition closed all air, land and sea access to Yemen on Nov. 6 following the interception of a missile fired towards the Saudi capital, saying it had to stem the flow of arms from Iran to its Houthi opponents in the war in Yemen. Yemen already has 7 million people on the brink of famine, but without the reopening of all ports that number could grow by 3.2 million, the heads of the World Food Programme, UNICEF and the World Health Organization said in a joint statement.  The cost of this blockade is being measured in the number of lives that are lost,  the statement from David Beasley, Anthony Lake and Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said.  Together, we issue another urgent appeal for the coalition to permit entry of lifesaving supplies to Yemen in response to what is now the worst humanitarian crisis in the world.   U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres wrote to Saudi U.N. Ambassador Abdallah Al-Mouallimi to warn him that the blockade was  already reversing the impact of humanitarian efforts,  U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said on Thursday.   The Secretary-General is very much disappointed we ve not seen a lifting of the blockade. The Secretary-General and his humanitarian team are heartbroken at the scenes we re seeing from Yemen,  Dujarric told reporters.  Saudi Arabia has since said that aid can go through  liberated ports  but not Houthi-controlled Hodeidah, the conduit for the vast bulk of imports into Yemen.  For months, the U.N. has warned that the closure of Hodeidah would dramatically escalate the crisis.  As of Wednesday, 29 vessels, with 300,000 tonnes of food and 192,000 tonnes of fuel, had been blocked, while U.N. ships carrying $10 million of health and nutrition supplies and 25,000 tonnes of wheat were waiting to berth at Hodeidah, according to another U.N. statement.  Without fuel, the vaccine cold chain, water supply systems and waste water treatment plants will stop functioning. And without food and safe water, the threat of famine grows by the day,  the U.N. agency heads said. At least one million children are at risk if a fast-spreading diphtheria outbreak is not stopped in its tracks, and the lives of 400,000 pregnant women and their babies are under threat because of the lack of medicines.  There is also the risk of a renewed flare-up in cholera, which was on the wane after the most explosive outbreak ever recorded - with over 900,000 cases and 2,200 deaths in the past six months. The number of new cholera cases has declined for the last eight weeks, Sherin Varkey, UNICEF deputy representative in Yemen, said in a telephone interview from Sanaa on Thursday. The government-controlled port of Aden has partially re-opened for limited shipments of aid, while Sanaa airport remains closed for commercial and humanitarian flights. Humanitarian access is inadequate as  needs are so huge , he said.  There is a fuel crisis. Some estimates say fuel will only last in the country for 20 days because of the blockade and challenges of getting fuel into the country,  Varkey said. UNICEF is helping provide clean water to 6 million Yemenis by ensuring fuel is delivered to water pumping stations in cities, he said.  Our worry is with the fuel shortage this could affect and even we assume reverse the declining trend (in cholera),  he said. ",1
14497,German justice ministry urges ban on Kuwait Airways over Israel issue,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The German government should revoke landing rights for Kuwait Airways given its ban on Israeli passengers, a senior Justice Department official said on Friday, saying such discrimination was intolerable. Christian Lange, parliamentary state secretary in the ministry, appealed to Chancellor Angela Merkel to personally advocate a ban on Kuwait Airways  operations in Germany. A German court ruled on Thursday that the airline had the right to refuse to carry an Israeli passenger due to his nationality, a verdict that Jewish groups said condoned anti-Semitism. Lange told Merkel in the letter that he had received countless phone calls from members of the Jewish community and from others in Israel, expressing shock about the court ruling, made just days after Germany solemnly marked the anniversary of the Nov. 9, 1938 Nazi pogroms against the Jews.  We cannot say  Never again  at a remembrance ceremony, but then remain silent when activists in Germany call for a boycott of Israel, or, as in this case, when an airline refuses to carry Israeli citizens,  Lange said.  Especially the German government must make clear that we reject this form of discrimination and hate, and that we stand by the side of our Israeli friends,  he told the chancellor. The Lawfare Project, the legal group that represented the plaintiff in the case, has vowed to appeal against the ruling.  To see a Jewish person banned from exercising his freedoms in Germany in 2017 is chilling enough. To see that discrimination whitewashed and legitimized by a German judge is grotesque,  said the group s executive director, Brooke Goldstein. Deputy German Foreign Minister Michael Roth also criticized the airline s policy, telling Die Welt newspaper that he had contacted the Kuwaiti ambassador in Germany about the issue. German Transport Minister Christian Schmidt told Bild newspaper that it was not acceptable to discriminate against airline passengers because of their nationality, and said the German government would address the matter with the Kuwaiti government.  This requires contacts at the ministerial level,  Schmidt told the newspaper in an interview to be published on Saturday.  We will do all we can within our legal means to prevent something like this in the future,  Schmidt told the paper. There was no immediate response to a request for comment emailed to the airline. ",1
14498,Dividend-seeking investors should check out technology: Epoch,"(Reuters) - Investors seeking steady income flows may have ignored the technology sector and the unexpected impact technology is having on companies in other industries, Kera Van Valen, a portfolio manager at Epoch Investment Partners, said on Friday.   People have overlooked technology in terms of dividends and the changes some companies have made regarding the cash they generate, Van Valen told the Reuters Global Investment 2018 Outlook Summit in New York.  Within the tech sector you have seen a slight shift in appreciation towards the discipline of returning cash to shareholders. That s something people don t expect,  she said. Texas Instruments Inc (TXN.O) is now part of Epoch s high-dividend-based  shareholder  yield strategy as the chipmaker has committed to returning 100 percent of free cash flow through dividends and share buybacks, she said. The company targets free cash flow to be somewhere in the range of 20 percent to 30 percent of their revenue, said Van Valen, who helps oversee Epoch s U.S. and global dividend strategies, which account for half of its $48.6 billion in assets under management. Epoch s Shareholder Yield strategy is invested in a number of companies that use technology to improve their productivity, asset utilization and to reduce capital requirements. The result is an increase in return on equity and a company s ability to return more capital to shareholders in the form of dividends, share repurchases and debt reduction.  Increased efficiency through technology also has been unrecognized by investors in unforeseen places such as utilities, where Epoch owns utility holding company PPL Corp (PPL.N).   PPL is spending $500 million on a smart meter replacement program that will modernize the power grid to make it smarter and more resilient, Van Valen said. PPL can be more efficient when deploying people to deal with outages as a result of smart meters, she said. They will no longer need people to look for the outages.  Another technology play investors may have missed is McDonald s Corp (MCD.N), which has partnered with UberEATS and the use of a mobile app offer delivery in 3,700 restaurants, Van Valen said. McDonald s is touting its technology to increase efficiency, which flows to a company s bottom line, she said.   You don t necessary think of a large global fast food chain as a technology company,  she said.  It s helping with the growth in the revenues, profits and cash flows, which, from our perspective, that means growth in the dividends.  Epoch is  quite constructive  on the outlook for 2018 as the  market shifts from a period of central bank-driven low interest rates to one focused on profit growth and margins. Another overlooked stock is Red Electrica (REE.MC) in Spain, where the utility is unlikely to see changes in the regulatory environment and Epoch expects the dividend to grow 7 percent to 8 percent a year, Van Valen said.   It s a regulated utility so it falls within that boring mantra that we like so much,  she said. Another name Epoch likes is Altria Group Inc (MO.N) because of the strong pricing power and tremendous cash flows enjoyed by tobacco companies, she said. Altria is  very consistent about returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks and debt reduction,  she said. ",1
14499,Zimbabwe's ruling ZANU-PF party calls for Mugabe resignation,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s ruling ZANU-PF party called on Friday for President Robert Mugabe to resign, the main state newspaper The Herald reported, the latest sign that the aging leader s authority has collapsed after an army takeover. The newspaper said that ZANU-PF branches in all 10 provinces had met on Friday and had also called for Mugabe s wife Grace to resign from the party.  ",1
14500,"The boss is dead but the mafia lives, magistrate and mobster say","ROME/PALERMO (Reuters) - The death of Sicilian Mafia boss Salvatore  Toto  Riina on Friday does not mark the end of Cosa Nostra, but the crime group is unlikely to allow one man such power ever again, a top magistrate and former mobster said. The 87-year-old Riina died in a hospital in Parma, the northern Italian city where he had been serving 26 life sentences for murders committed between 1969 and 1992.  The end of Riina isn t the end of Cosa Nostra,  the chief magistrate in Sicily s capital of Palermo, Francesco Lo Voi, told Reuters.  What remains to be understood is whether the men of Cosa Nostra will seek a direct successor or a new organizational structure,  Lo Voi said.  Gaspare Mutolo, who admits to having strangled some 20 people, agrees. Mutolo, now 77, turned state s witness in the early 1990s at the age of 51, and became a key witness in dozens of mafia cases. He shared a jail cell with Riina in the 1960s, and became his trusted bodyguard and driver afterward. Mutolo, who still wears a balaclava to hide his identity from cameras, felt  pity  when he heard his former friend and cell mate had died, he said.  He was a friend. He helped me. He even saved my life. I saw him a little bit as a father figure,  Mutolo told foreign reporters in Rome. Riina s death changes little in Sicily, he said:  Palermo still has the mafia.  BACK-ROOM DEALS As several recent cases show, the mob still extorts business owners on the island, and it still seeks to win lucrative public contracts through back-room deals with corrupt politicians and bureaucrats.  I can t imagine politics without the mafia,  Mutolo said. But the future of Cosa Nostra without Riina, whose brutality undermined the trustworthiness of the organization by driving mafiosi like Mutolo into the hands of the state, is uncertain.  The Calabrian mob, known as the  Ndrangheta, has had few turncoats and has taken over drug routes once dominated by Cosa Nostra.  The Calabrians now are major importers of cocaine from South America to Europe and to North America. Even politicians are wary of doing deals with the Sicilian mob now, Mutolo said.  Cosa Nostra is not the same as it was in the 1980s mainly because of the turncoats,  Mutolo said.  The Calabresi have taken over because they are more trusted.  Cosa Nostra has always had a military-like structure, but before Riina there was no single  boss of bosses . Power was divvied up by territory, and the local bosses met together in a so-called  Commission  to discuss strategy and settle disputes. But Riina made himself the dictator of Cosa Nostra.  It s not a given that Cosa Nostra will see a charismatic leader as a necessity  in the future, Lo Voi said, returning to  a decentralization of operations and decision making  as there was before Riina took over. ",1
14501,Lebanon FM says Hariri crisis an attempt to create regional chaos,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil said on Friday a crisis triggered by the resignation of its prime minister was part of an  attempt to create chaos in the region , in an interview with Russia Today. Saad al-Hariri quit as prime minister in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia two weeks ago, saying he feared assassination and criticizing the Saudis  regional arch-rival Iran along with its Lebanese ally Hezbollah.  The actions of Hariri, a Sunni Muslim leader and long-time Saudi ally, plunged Lebanon into a political crisis, putting the country center stage in the rivalry.  He has yet to return to Beirut and is expected to leave Saudi Arabia this weekend for France, where he will meet with President Emmanuel Macron. Bassil is touring European and other capitals seeking diplomatic help to end the crisis.    We will respond and we have the full capacities to do so, but we hope it doesn t get to that,  Bassil said in Moscow. His comments to Russia Today were reported earlier on Friday by Lebanese broadcasters al-Jadeed, al-Manar and LBC without attribution.  French officials said they did not know how long Hariri would stay before returning to Beirut, but hoped his visit would help ease the crisis by demonstrating he was not being held in Saudi Arabia.  ",1
14502,German parties head into long weekend of coalition talks,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s would-be coalition partners continued talks on Friday after all-night negotiations failed to produce a breakthrough, with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives saying they would compromise further on climate change policies to secure a deal. The conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens remained divided on climate policy and immigration, but agreed to press on past their self-imposed deadline into the weekend. Party leaders on Friday discussed their different stances on foreign, defense, trade and European policy in various formats and they were expected to continue on Saturday, haggling about climate protection, immigration, transport and agriculture. Speaking to reporters when she arrived for the talks in the morning, Merkel said:  I go into these negotiations with the intention, despite all the difficulties, of carrying out the task voters gave us of forming a coalition... It will be tough, but it s worth going into round two.  Volker Kauder, the parliamentary floor leader of her Christian Democrats (CDU), said they were prepared to compromise further on reducing emissions from coal-fired power stations to assuage Green concerns.  I feel readiness by all sides and everyone has to make concessions,  he told reporters as officials scheduled further talks to run to Sunday afternoon.  I believe that the exploratory talks must end this weekend.  Failure to agree could lead to new elections, something the mainstream parties fear could lead to the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) making further gains after surging into parliament in September. A new election could also weigh heavily on the euro. Merkel could still approach her previous coalition partner, the Social Democrats (SPD), but they have said they want to stay in opposition after suffering their worst election result since 1933 in the Sept. 24 poll. A third option, a government without a parliamentary majority, would be unprecedented in Germany s post-war history. Merkel has been forced to explore the tricky option of a three-way  Jamaica coalition  - so-called because the parties  colors match the island nation s flag - after her camp lost votes to the far right. The smaller parties are under pressure from their rank-and-file supporters not to give ground as they haggle over concessions needed for a government program. To the right, Merkel s Bavarian allies in the Christian Social Union (CSU) want a coalition accord limiting immigration to shore up support in their home state, where the AfD threatens to unseat them after 60 years in power in a regional election next year. That is anathema to the left-leaning Greens, who want to preserve the right of successful asylum seekers to bring their families to join them in Germany - a position backed by two thirds of voters, according to a poll for ZDF television. The Greens fear giving way on their demand to close down 10 gigawatts of polluting coal-fired power stations would alienate their voters. They rejected Merkel s previous compromise offer of seven gigawatts. The FDP has only just returned to parliament after four years in the wilderness. Its deputy leader, Wolfgang Kubicki, sounded the most pessimistic after the talks, telling ARD TV the parties were  still so far apart on key issues such as migration, fighting climate change, finances and domestic security, that I can t imagine how we can get together in the short time available . In the evening, Kubicki said a new deadline to reach a provisional agreement was now Sunday at 6 pm (1700 GMT). FDP Party Secretary General Nicola Beer added:  We move forward a few inches each day.  The FDP wants tax cuts to please its small and medium-sized business supporters - a tall order, given competing fiscal demands. A booming economy could come to the parties  aid as the Ifo institute on Friday sharply raised its forecast for the German economy to grow by 2.3 percent from 1.9 percent this year, meaning Berlin can count on a higher tax take. A report by the German Chambers of Commerce and Industry on Friday found that rising tax revenues meant the government would have 76 billion euros ($89.63 billion) spare to spend over four years - twice an earlier finance ministry estimate.  ($1 = 0.8480 euros) ",1
14503,At least five killed in Kenya as violence greets opposition leader's return,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - At least five people were killed on Friday as Kenyan police tried to disperse supporters accompanying opposition leader Raila Odinga from the airport to central Nairobi, police said.     Police fired tear gas at the convoy in which Odinga was traveling and used water cannon as they tried to stop it reaching the capital s main business district. Some protesters threw stones at police. Two vehicles, including a police truck, were set on fire. A Reuters photographer saw two bodies with gunshot wounds as police and protesters fought on one of the main roads leading to the business district. Police said five people were stoned to death by angry mobs after they were caught stealing and denied they had used excessive force against the opposition supporters.  These incidences occurred before the police arrived at the various scenes,  the police service said in a statement. Police retreated several times along the route after the protesters were unmoved by the teargas and water cannon spray. They finally held their ground near the city s main park, where Odinga, just returned from the United States, intended to address a rally that had been banned. He blamed President Uhuru Kenyatta for the violence.  My anger is with that guy called Uhuru Kenyatta. I went abroad... After you welcomed me well, he sent policemen to teargas you, to beat my people, to fire bullets at them. Isn t this barbaric?,  he told his supporters after driving to safety. Odinga has called for a  National Resistance Movement  to protest against the outcome of a repeat presidential election last month which saw Kenyatta win a second, five-year term with 98 percent of the vote after Odinga boycotted the contest. Only 39 percent of registered voters took part. The repeat poll was ordered by the Supreme Court after it annulled the results of the August election, won by Kenyatta, over procedural irregularities. The court will rule on Monday on cases that seek to nullify the rerun election.  The political crisis has stirred fears for the stability of Kenya, a regional hub for trade, diplomacy and security.  Earlier on Friday, demonstrators threw up burning barricades on Mombasa Road, the highway that links Nairobi s downtown business district and the airport. Despite a partial police ban on protests in the capital, hundreds of people had gathered in the morning near Jomo Kenyatta International Airport to await Odinga s return. Police fired into the air to disperse them. Once Odinga landed, motorcycle taxi drivers and people on foot shouted their support as the motorcade, which included lawmakers from Odinga s opposition coalition, began moving toward central Nairobi. Dozens of international flights depart and arrive daily at Nairobi s main airport. The national airport authority said on Twitter just before midday that operations were running normally.  Kenya Airways said it had been  impacted  by the disruptions around the airport and offered to book travelers who missed their flights on subsequent ones.   Kenya s prolonged election season has disrupted its economy. Human rights groups say at least 66 people have died in bloodshed surrounding the two elections. Ahead of Monday s Supreme Court ruling, Kenya Airways  chairman told an investor briefing on Friday:  Hopefully we don t have another presidential election so we can get on with life.  ",1
14504,Brazil speaker says pension overhaul in danger if left until 2018,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The Brazilian government s plan to overhaul the costly pension system will be in trouble if it does not clear the lower house of Congress this year, and it still lacks the votes needed for approval, the Speaker Rodrigo Maia said on Friday. Maia told Reuters that cabinet changes by President Michel Temer benefiting coalition allies should make it clear by next week whether the government can muster the two-thirds super majority of votes needed to pass pension reform in the house.  They don t have the votes yet ... if the bill is left for next year it will be hard to pass,  he said in an interview. ",1
14505,Turkey says Gulen network behind U.S. case against Turkish trader,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - The U.S. case against a Turkish gold trader accused of evading U.S. sanctions on Iran is based on evidence fabricated by the network of the Muslim cleric Ankara blames for last year s coup attempt, Turkey s foreign minister said on Friday. Mevlut Cavusoglu said the case against the trader, Reza Zarrab, showed the extent to which followers of the U.S.-based cleric, Fethullah Gulen, had infiltrated American state institutions, including its judiciary and overseas missions. The Zarrab case has complicated already strained relations between the United States and Turkey, both members of the NATO military alliance. U.S. prosecutors have charged the wealthy Iranian-born Zarrab and his alleged co-conspirators of handling hundreds of millions of dollars for Iran s government and Iranian entities from 2010 to 2015, in a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. While nine people have been criminally charged, only Zarrab and a banker from Turkey s Halkbank, Mehmet Hakan Atilla, are in U.S. custody. Both are due to go on trial on Nov. 27, and have pleaded not guilty.  When you look at the indictment of Mr Zarrab it is exactly the same one that FETO actually prepared here in Turkey in 2013,  Cavusoglu told reporters at a briefing in Istanbul, using the government s term for Gulen s network.   So this case is very much a FETO-motivated one, this is for sure. All those indictments and files they fabricated here were taken back to the United States.  Under a Turkish investigation that became public in 2013, prosecutors accused Zarrab and high-ranking Turkish officials of involvement in facilitating Iranian money transfers via gold smuggling, leaked documents at the time showed.  Erdogan, then prime minister, cast the case as a coup attempt orchestrated by his political enemies. Several prosecutors were removed from the case, police investigators were reassigned, and the investigation was later dropped. Turkey blames Gulen s followers for the July 2016 failed coup, when a group of rogue soldiers attempted to overthrow the government and killed more than 250 people. Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in the United States since 1999, has denied any involvement and condemned the coup.  Turkey has repeatedly requested Gulen s extradition, but U.S. officials have said the courts require sufficient evidence before they can extradite the elderly cleric.  The United States says its judiciary is independent of any political or other interference. Cavusoglu said he had informed U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson of what Ankara sees as the Gulenists  attempts to spread their influence.  I told him very openly that I believe that FETO has infiltrated his missions here in Turkey through the local staff, and the Halkbank case and the Zarrab case are very much FETO-motivated ones. I am very open. He didn t make a comment on this,  Cavusoglu said. Last month Turkey arrested a local employee working at the U.S. consulate in Istanbul over alleged links to Gulen s network, prompting an angry reaction from Washington that led to both countries scaling back visa services they provide for each other s nationals. On Nov. 6, Ankara and Washington said they would resume visa services on a limited basis, although ties remain strained. [nL8N1NM6XB] ",1
14506,Education sought by EU to help build European identity,"GOTHENBURG, Sweden (Reuters) - European Union leaders, wary of the rise of populism and xenophobia, are turning to one of their more successful programs, the Erasmus student exchange scheme, to help foster cross-border education and European unity. Over lunch in the Swedish city of Gothenburg on Friday, they discussed and gave political support to a European Commission proposal to create a European Education Area, in which the EU could help promote studies across its various nations. The idea is to foster a European identity by  letting more people study in countries across the bloc, emphasizing language learning and engendering more cooperation between universities, including on curricula.   During our meeting today, we established political support for these ideas,  the chairman of the leaders  meeting Donald Tusk told a news conference. The initiative comes as the Union, about to lose its second biggest economy Britain, seeks to make itself more appealing to European citizens, many of whom find the often highly technical or legal issues, which the EU deals with, disconnected from their everyday lives. The Erasmus exchange program of studying abroad is one of the most recognizable and popular EU policies. It has already been used by 9 million Europeans. Appreciation for it is growing fast, the Commission said, adding that 90 percent of Erasmus students, who typically spend a year at a university in another EU country, come back with an increased awareness of common European values.  As we look to Europe s future, we need ... a driver for unity. Education is key, because it is education that ...helps us... develop a European identity,  Commissioner for Education Tibor Navracsics said. Scaling up the scheme could see 2 million more people taking part in Erasmus over the next 2 years, the Commission said, although leaders were cautious about the funding this would require. Talks on the money would start with discussions on the next seven-year EU budget that starts from 2020. EU leaders also backed the idea that by early 2019, students in the EU should have an electronic student card enabling secure exchange of data like student records and academic attributes and access to services like course materials, enrolment services, online libraries in host institutions and countries.  By 2025 we should live in a Europe in which learning, studying and doing research is not hampered by borders but where spending time in another Member State to study, learn or work is the norm,  Commission Vice-President Jyrki Katainen said. The Commission wants to set a goal that all university students should speak two languages in addition to their mother tongue by 2025, improve computer literacy and create a network of world-class European universities that can work together. The Commission also wants all EU governments to invest, by 2025, a minimum 5 percent of their GDP in education   today s average rate, which Germany, Italy, Ireland, Greece, Spain, Bulgaria or Romania do not meet. ",1
14507,"Two weeks to unlock Brexit, EU tells May","GOTHENBURG, Sweden (Reuters) -  There is more work to be done  to unlock Brexit talks, British Prime Minister Theresa May was told on Friday, as the European Union repeated an early December deadline for her to move on the divorce bill and border with Ireland. May met fellow leaders on the sidelines of an EU summit in Gothenburg, Sweden, to try to break the deadlock over how much Britain will pay on leaving the bloc in 16 months. She signalled again that she would increase an initial offer that is estimated at some 20 billion euros, about a third of what Brussels wants. But without any immediate plans to detail which financial commitments Britain was planning to cover and with a growing row with Ireland over their shared border, European Council President Donald Tusk, who coordinates Brexit for the bloc s other 27 leaders, concluded Britain must take further steps. He increased the pressure on May to make progress by early  December, in time for the EU to react at a summit on Dec. 14-15, or risk losing a chance to push the talks to a discussion of future trade ties, something London desperately wants so it can offer some certainty to nervy businesses. Asked about Brexit minister David Davis complaining that Britain had made  all the running  in finding compromises on the third key divorce issue   the rights of expatriate citizens, Tusk said pointedly:  I can say only that I really appreciate Mr. Davis s English sense of humour.   He told the news conference:  While good progress on citizens has been made, we need to see much more progress on Ireland and on the financial settlement.  In order to avoid any ambiguity about our work calendar, I made it very clear to prime minister May that this progress needs to happen at the beginning of December at the latest.  It was an echo of the ultimatum issued by the EU s chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, who a week ago gave Davis until the end of the month to detail the British approach to the financial settlement   and effectively increase the money on the table. But Tusk, who met May earlier on Friday, added another demand - more progress on the future status of the border between EU member Ireland and Northern Ireland, which Britain says is almost impossible to make without discussing the future trade deal as that would determine the kind of customs needed. Under pressure at home from members of parliament in her own party who are concerned she is preparing for Britain to walk away with no deal and from the EU, May has tried to gloss over the differences and emphasise how far the talks have come.  We ve agreed that good progress has been made. More does need to be done. But we re clear, and I m clear, that what we need to do is move forward together and that is how we can ensure that we are going to get the best deal for the United Kingdom and the European Union,  May told reporters. But a growing row with Ireland broke into the open on Friday, with Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney saying Dublin was not ready to allow the talks to move onto a discussion of future trade next month. Prime Minister Leo Varadkar went further.  I can t say in any honesty that it s close on the Irish issue or on the financial settlement,  he told Sky News.  After 40 years of marriage, most of them good, now Britain wants a divorce but an open relationship the day after.  With German Chancellor Angela Merkel absent from the summit because of government formation talks in Berlin, it was left to French President Emmanuel Macron to speak for the heavyweight powers which are taking a tough line with London:  We won t change the agreed process in any way, and we won t open talks on the future relationship as long as the conditions set in the first phase have not been met,  he said Sweden. But May, weakened after losing her Conservative Party s majority at a June election she did not need to call, has little room for manoeuvre. Some of her team of ministers are pressing her to hold off from naming a figure, seeing it as one of the few levers Britain has to press for better trade deal. Despite the tough language, Tusk offered some hope.  I feel much better, safer after my meeting with Theresa May, everything is possible,  the former Polish premier said.  There was very visibly goodwill on both sides. We still have a chance to achieve our first goal   to achieve the finalisation of the first phase of negotiations. I am very cautious. But optimistic.  ",1
14508,"EU's Tusk: no deadlock on Brexit, very cautious but optimistic","GOTHENBURG, Sweden (Reuters) - There is no deadlock in divorce talks between Britain and the European Union, EU summit chair Donald Tusk said on Friday, adding he was very cautious, but optimistic that negotiations could move on to the next phase in December. The EU wants to have the main elements of a divorce agreement with Britain on the financial settlement, citizen s rights and the lack of a physical border between Northern Ireland and Ireland before it moves on to talks on a future trade agreement which is key for British-based businesses. So far progress in the three areas has been insufficient, raising the prospect that divorce talks will drag on to next year without starting discussions on a future relationship, as companies need to make strategic business decisions now.  There is no deadlock,  Tusk told reporters on the sidelines of an EU leaders meeting in the Swedish city of Gothenburg where he also held talks with British Prime Minister Theresa May.  I feel much better, safer after my meeting with Theresa May, everything is possible,  Tusk said.  There was very visibly goodwill on both sides. We still have a chance to achieve our first goal   to achieve the finalization of the first phase of negotiations. I am very cautious, but optimistic.  He said he will meet May again next Friday, Nov. 24, to consult on progress during another EU meeting in Brussels. ",1
14509,"Britain to pay 400 million-pound debt to Iran soon, Iranian envoy says","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will soon repay a decades-old debt of over 400 million pounds ($527 million) to Iran, the Iranian ambassador said on Friday, adding that the payment was not linked to the case of a British-Iranian charity worker jailed in Iran.  An outstanding debt owed by the U.K. to Tehran will be transferred to the Central Bank of Iran in the coming days. The payment ... has nothing to do with Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe s case,  Hamid Baeedinejad wrote on his Telegram channel. Zaghari-Ratcliffe was detained in April 2016 in Tehran as she tried to leave Iran after a visit with her two-year-old daughter. She was sentenced to five years in prison after an Iranian court convicted her of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. She denies the charges, and Britain has called for her release. Iran does not recognize dual citizenship for its nationals.    Britain s debt to Iran dates from the 1970s, before the Islamic Revolution of 1979 toppled the U.S.-backed Shah. Iran paid up front for 1,750 Chieftain tanks and other vehicles, but most were never delivered because of sanctions imposed on Tehran after the revolution.  A British government official, who asked not to be named, said on Friday it was  speculation  that the money would be paid. The Treasury said in a statement the money was frozen by a British court and could not be paid because of sanctions.   The Telegraph newspaper reported on Thursday that Britain was working on a plan to pay Iran the debt, as part of efforts to secure the release of Zaghari-Ratcliffe. On Thursday, British Prime Minister Theresa May s spokesman denied there was any link between the debt and the charity worker s case. Tehran also dismissed the Telegraph report. Zaghari-Ratcliffe is a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters. It operates independently of Reuters News. In 2009, the International Chamber of Commerce ordered Britain to repay Iran for the undelivered vehicles, but UN and EU sanctions prevented that.  Under a deal between Iran and six major powers in 2015, most sanctions on Iran were lifted last year, in exchange for Tehran curbing its nuclear program.  Iran s Foreign Ministry spokesman said that a range of issues would be discussed with Britain during a visit to Tehran this month by Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, Iranian media reported on Thursday.  ",1
14510,Iran says 'biased' French stance threatens Middle East stability,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran accused France on Friday of fuelling tension in the Middle East by taking a  biased  stance on Tehran s regional policy, and President Emmanuel Macron said Tehran misunderstood its  balanced  position.     It seems that France has a biased view toward the ongoing crises and humanitarian catastrophes in the Middle East,  Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi was quoted as saying by state TV.  This view fuels regional conflicts, whether intentionally or unintentionally.  French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Thursday France was worried about Iran s involvement in the Middle East crisis and its disputed ballistic missile program.   Iran s role and the different areas where this country operates worries us,  Le Drian told a joint news conference with his Saudi counterpart Adel Jubeir in Riyadh.  I am thinking in particular of Iran s interventions in regional crises, this hegemonic temptation and I m thinking of its ballistic program,  he said. Iran has repeatedly rejected France s call for talks on its missile program, saying it is defensive and unrelated to its 2015 nuclear agreement with world powers. Asked at an EU summit in Gothenburg about Iran s accusations, Macron said Tehran misunderstood France s  balanced  position of talking to everyone and not taking sides between Sunni and Shi ite Muslims.  Our wish is that Iran has a less aggressive strategy in the region and that we can clarify its ballistic missile strategy which seems to be uncontrolled,  he said.  Iran is a power that we wish to have a dialogue with and that we will continue to talk to.  Paris suggested this week that new European Union sanctions against Iran could be discussed over its missile tests. But EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini seemed to dismiss that idea on Tuesday. Shi ite-dominated Iran and its regional arch-rival Sunni Saudi Arabia are involved in proxy wars across the region, backing opposite sides in Syria, Yemen, Iraq and Lebanon. Jubeir told Reuters on Thursday that the kingdom s actions in the Middle East were a response to what he called the  aggression  of Iran. Qasemi said Jubeir was repeating baseless claims, the state news agency IRNA reported on Friday.   Saudi Arabia s foreign minister s gestures and his blame game will definitely not reduce the responsibility of this country in undermining the regional stability and security,  Qasemi said. ",1
14511,Ireland says not ready to let Brexit talks move on to trade,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Britain and Ireland clashed over Brexit on Friday with Dublin saying it was not ready to allow talks to move on to trade issues next month and London ruling out the much longer transitional period preferred by its neighbour. The border between EU-member Ireland and Northern Ireland, which will be the UK s only land frontier with the bloc after its departure, is one of three issues Brussels wants broadly solved before it decides in December whether to move the talks onto a second phase about trade, as Britain wants. Meeting in Dublin, Britain s Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson and his Irish counterpart Simon Coveney struck an amicable tone but remained far apart on several key aspects.  Yes we all want to move onto phase two of the Brexit negotiations but we are not in a place right now that allows us to do that,  Coveney said.  We have very serious issues, particularly around the border, that need more clarity.  He said Ireland s preference was that Britain as a whole would share the same regulations as the EU post-Brexit but if that was not possible, then London effectively needed to commit to allowing a tailor-made solution for Northern Ireland  In the absence of that, from an Irish persecutive, there is a sense of jumping into the dark,  Coveney said. Speaking before a meeting with his counterpart on the sidelines of a European Union summit in Sweden, Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said Dublin would need those assurances written into the conclusions of phase one.  What we want to take off the table before we even talk about trade is any idea that there would be a physical border,  he told reporters.  Once those parameters are set, then we d be happy to move onto phase two, provided the other issues are resolved as well.  However Johnson said talks would have to move onto the next stage before the border issue could be resolved as many of the questions around it were bound up with Britain s future customs arrangement with the European Union. While he said London has absolutely no interest in seeing any kind of hard border, any room for compromise is complicated by the fact that his government are propped up by Northern Ireland s pro-Brexit Democratic Unionist Party, which responded on Friday by saying Dublin was  trying to block  the talks.   It is clear now that the Irish government are fully signed up with the European establishment to thwart the referendum result in the United Kingdom to leave the EU,  DUP MP Sammy Wilson said in a statement. Johnson added that he understood why Ireland wants a four to five-year post-Brexit transition period for Britain to allow businesses in Ireland time to adjust to any new arrangements, but said this was possible within a much tighter timescale.  ",1
14512,IS car bomb kills 20 in eastern Syria: state media,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - An Islamic State car bomb killed 20 people and injured 30 others at a site where displaced families are located in eastern Syria near the city of Deir al-Zor, Syria s SANA state news agency reported on Friday.  It said the bombing took place near the al-Jafra area, which is located south of the city and is controlled by the Syrian government.  ",1
14513,Macron: no talks on UK-EU future relationship until divorce bill settled,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron said on Friday that France s position on Brexit talks had not changed and that there could be no talks on the future relationship between Britain and the EU as long as issues around citizen rights, Ireland and the divorce bill had not been settled.    As far as France is concerned, we won t change the agreed process in any way, and we won t open talks on the future relationship as long as the conditions set in the first phase have not been met,  he said at an EU summit in Gothenburg, Sweden. (Refiles to fix garble in first paragraph) ",1
14514,Belgian judge defers ruling on warrant for ex-Catalan leader: lawyer,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A Belgian judge made no ruling on Friday on a European arrest warrant issued by Spain for ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont, his lawyer said after a court hearing in Brussels. The Belgian prosecutor demanded the warrant to be exercised, but the case for Puigdemont s defense will be made at a hearing early next month.  We will make our case on December 4. The prosecutor has asked for the extradition warrant to be exercised. Nothing has been decided today,  Paul Bekaert told reporters outside the main Brussels court. The prosecutor had determined that according to Belgian law Puigdemont and four of his former ministers who traveled with him to Brussels were charged with conspiracy by public officials, Bekaert added. Under the Spanish warrant, all five faced charges of rebellion and sedition. They had left Spain after Puigdemont s regional government was sacked by Madrid for unilaterally declaring Catalonia independent following a referendum on secession that court authorities in Madrid had ruled was illegal. The European arrest warrant system in place since 2004 makes it easier for EU countries to demand the extradition from other EU states of people wanted for crimes, and removes political decision-making from the process. EU countries issue thousands of such warrants each year. The Oct. 1 referendum and subsequent turmoil have plunged Spain into its gravest political crisis since the return of democracy four decades ago. Puigdemont has since said he might consider a solution that did not involve secession. ",1
14515,Pakistan issues 'last warning' to Islamists blocking route into capital,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani authorities issued a final warning on Friday to members of an Islamist party blocking a main road into the capital, raising fears of a violent clash. Hundreds of supporters of the Tehreek-e-Labaik Pakistan party have been blocking the route into Islamabad for nearly 10 days, demanding the minister of law be sacked for what they say is blasphemy.  You all are being given a last warning,  the Islamabad deputy commissioner said in the order. A court had already ordered the party to end the protest, the order added.  After this final announcement, you all are being warned to end the illegal sit-in immediately.        Tehreek-e-Labaik blames the minister, Zahid Hamid, for changes to an electoral oath that it says amount to blasphemy. The government puts the issue down to a clerical error. Pakistan s blasphemy law is a lightning rod for Islamists, especially since 2011 when the liberal governor of Punjab province, Salman Taseer, was murdered by a bodyguard for questioning it. The law mandates the death penalty for insulting Islam or the Prophet Mohammad. A spokesman for the Labaik party, Ejaz Ashrafi, said the group would not comply with the deputy commissioner s ultimatum.   We re not moving,  he told Reuters by phone from the sit-in.  Pakistan s Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal appealed to the protesters to end the sit-in before a delegation of Chinese investors arrived in Islamabad on Monday, making a last offer to negotiate on their demands. But he added:  If some group tries to hold the state hostage, that behavior will not be tolerated.   A government official, Khalid Abbasi, said protesters on the road were carrying rods and sticks. Since they were given the warning, he said, hundreds more party workers had joined the sit-in.     The government has blocked several roads with shipping containers in an effort to corral the protesters, causing hours-long traffic jams in and around the capital. In 2007, a confrontation between authorities and supporters of radical preachers at an Islamabad mosque led to more than 100 deaths.  All resources can be used to break this sit-in,  the deputy commissioner s warning said.  ",1
14516,Killer of South African anti-apartheid leader Hani denied parole,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s Justice Minister Michael Masutha on Friday denied parole to the killer of anti-apartheid leader Chris Hani, saying he had not expressed remorse for the murder. Janusz Walus has served more than 20 years of a life sentence for the assassination of Hani, who was a senior member of the now-ruling African National Congress (ANC) and head of the South African Communist Party. Walus, 64, emigrated from communist Poland in 1981 and became involved in far-right politics in South Africa.  He shot Hani outside the anti-apartheid activist s home in 1993. The killing triggered nationwide riots that threatened to derail South Africa s 1994 transition to multi-racial democracy after decades of white apartheid rule. Masutha also blocked Walus  parole application in 2015, a decision that triggered several court challenges. The Supreme Court of Appeal referred the matter back to the justice minister for reconsideration.  Masutha said on Friday a psychologist s report had highlighted Walus  political ideology as a risk factor. The report said Walus  expressed remorse for the fact that the victim s children are fatherless and the wife is a widow .  However, he showed no remorse for murdering Chris Hani. He still rationalizes his actions and insists that they were politically motivated. His ideas about communism still stand.  ",1
14517,UK Lords appoint first woman to historic 'Black Rod' role,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s upper parliamentary chamber, the House of Lords, has appointed a woman to the role of  Black Rod  for the first time in the office s 650-year history. Sarah Clarke, currently responsible for the organization of the annual Wimbledon tennis championships, will be known as The Lady Usher of the Black Rod. In charge of the major ceremonial events in the Palace of Westminster, Black Rod is best known for having the door to the House of Commons slammed in the official s face at the State Opening of Parliament to symbolize the independence of the lower House. Black Rod traditionally reacts to the historic insult by banging three times on the door with his symbol of office, an ebony staff topped with a golden lion. The door is then opened and all Members of Parliament follow Black Rod back to the Lords Chamber to hear the Queen s Speech. The earliest known reference to the role is in letters patent from 1361 which refer to one Walter Whitehorse performing the role. There are thought to have been 60 holders of the position since then, while there are also Black Rods in the parliaments and legislative assemblies of Canada, Australia and New Zealand.  In a statement, Clarke, who will start early next year,  said she was honored to be invited to take up the role.   The House of Lords is a place where the smallest detail is as important as the big picture and the depth of heritage and tradition is second to none,  she said. Lord Fowler, Speaker of the House of Lords said it was a historic moment for the House.  People are most familiar with Black Rod for the part they play at State Opening, but the job is much more than that,  he said. ",1
14518,Kosovo court jails four for 2016 parliament rocket attack,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - A court in Kosovo on Friday sentenced four people, including a member of parliament, to prison terms ranging from 2 to 8 years for taking part in a grenade attack against the parliament building last year. The four were found responsible for throwing a rocket propelled grenade at the building in August last year in order to halt adoption of a border deal with Montenegro. No one was injured in the attack. Tensions between opposition parties and the then-ruling coalition rose last summer as the parliament was getting ready to adopt border deal with Montenegro, key for Kosovo to get visa-free travel regime with the European Union.  Opposition parties opposed the deal saying the country of 1.8 million is losing land by handing over some 8,000 hectares (19,700 acres)of Kosovo territory to Montenegro.  In a protest over the deal, opposition deputies released tear gas in the parliament chamber, while its supporters clashed with the police during street protests.  Frasher Krasniqi, parliament deputy of the biggest opposition party Vetevendosje was found guilty and sentenced to 8 years in prison.  Adea Batusha, 23, a niece of Vetevendosje s leader, was sentenced to two years in prison.  One of the defendants was found dead in his cell in November 2016 before the trial started. Vetevendosje blamed the authorities for this death but police said he killed himself.  For all these unjust judgments, sooner or later, those criminals who ordered these fabricated trials will be held accountable, before the law and before the history,  Frasher Krasniqi wrote in his Facebook page after the verdict. Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008, nearly a decade after NATO bombing drove Serb forces from its territory. ",1
14519,EU leaders agreed 'good progress' made in Brexit talks: Britain's May,"GOTHENBURG (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday she and fellow EU leaders agreed that Brexit divorce talks had made  good progress , but that more work was needed to allow the start of negotiations on a future trading relationship.  We ve agreed that good progress has been made. More does need to be done. But we re clear, and I m clear, that what we need to do is move forward together and that is how we can ensure that we are going to get the best deal for the United Kingdom and the European Union,  May told reporters after a meeting of EU leaders in Gothenburg, Sweden. She said both sides still needed to move together to the point where  sufficient progress  had been made on divorce issues to allow negotiations to begin on Britain s future trading relationship with the bloc. ",1
14520,Five Kenyans killed by mobs for looting in opposition processions: police,NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s police service said five people were killed by mobs on Friday for looting during  unauthorized  processions called to welcome opposition leader Raila Odinga back to the country after a trip abroad. Reuters photographers had earlier counted two bodies with gunshot wounds sustained in the violence as police tried to disperse Odinga s supporters who walked alongside his convoy from the airport. ,1
14521,Macron says Iran misunderstands France's 'balanced' position in region,"GOTHENBURG, Sweden (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron said on Friday that Iran misunderstood France s  balanced  position in the region, which centered on not taking sides between Sunni and Shi ites, adding that Tehran should be less aggressive in the region. Speaking in Gothenburg, Macron said he wanted Iran to clarify the strategy around its ballistic missile program.  Macron also said he would welcome Saad al-Hariri in Paris on Saturday as Lebanon s prime minister and expected him to return to Beirut in the  coming days, weeks.   ",1
14522,Russian long-range bombers strike Islamic State targets in Syria: agencies,"MOSCOW/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Russian long-range bombers struck Islamic State on Friday in Albu Kamal in eastern Syria, where the jihadists have staged a counter-attack after the Syrian army declared victory over them.  Six TU-22M3 bombers took off from bases in Russia and overflew Iran and Iraq before launching the strike, the Russian defense ministry said in a statement reported by Russian news agencies. Albu Kamal, a small town on the border with Iraq, was Islamic State s last Syrian stronghold, along with some neighboring villages and desert areas.  The Syrian army said it and its allies, including the Lebanese Hezbollah group, took it from the militants on Nov. 9 and declared  the fall of the terrorist Daesh organization s project in the region .  Islamic State fighters hidden in Albu Kamal launched a counter-attack days later and forced the army and its allies to pull out of Albu Kamal, residents said on Nov. 13.  The army, which has driven Islamic State from huge swathes of central and eastern Syria in a multi-pronged campaign this year, re-entered the town soon afterwards, a war monitor said.  TASS cited the ministry as saying the planes had bombed Islamic State fortified positions, militants, and armored vehicles. Satellite and drone surveillance had confirmed that all of the designated targets had been destroyed, it said. ",1
14523,Finnish police rap deputy minister for hiding in car boot in government crisis,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Finnish police reprimanded a man for traveling in a car boot to hide his meeting with Prime Minister Juha Sipila during a government crisis last summer, saying this was breach of the traffic code. A police statement did not name the man in the boot, but in effect indicated the traveler was State Secretary Samuli Virtanen, who is also the deputy to Foreign Minister Timo Soini. The meeting took place in June, a day after Virtanen s co-ruling Finns party had elected anti-immigration hardliners as its new leaders. The government was close to collapse until a group of politicians, including Virtanen and Soini, in the following week walked out of the Finns party and announced they would form a new group. The Finns party was thrown out of the government and the new  Blue Reform  group kept its cabinet seat. Virtanen has not commented on the case, but lawmaker Tiina Elovaara from Blue Reform said in a blog that Virtanen climbed into the boot to keep the meeting secret at a critical moment.  He avoided media attention when the situation was most serious, and the risk of leakage about the parliamentarians  transition was too big,  Elovaara said. Police said that the man had traveled a few tens of meters in the back of the car, failing to use a safety belt. He had admitted the act to the police. The road from the Prime Minister s residency has little traffic, and only the man was at risk of harm, the police said.  The given notification is considered as a sufficient sanction,  Inspector Pekka Seppala said. He added that the police had been asked to investigate the case based on information in media reports.  ",1
14524,Turkey pulls troops out of NATO exercise over 'enemy' list,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey is pulling 40 soldiers out of a NATO exercise in Norway, President Tayyip Erdogan said on Friday, after his name appeared in a list of enemies on a poster at the drill, an incident that drew an apology from both the military alliance and Oslo. Turkey has the second largest army in the alliance after the United States, and it borders Syria, Iraq and Iran, lending it great strategic importance for NATO. But the relationship has become increasingly fractious as Ankara drifts away from the alliance and the European Union, alarming the West. Erdogan said an  enemy poster , featuring his name on one side and a picture of modern Turkey s founder, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, on the other, was unfurled at the training exercise in Norway, prompting a decision by Turkey s military chief and European Union minister to pull the troops out.  They said they had decided to pull our troops out and will do so, so we told them to not stop and go ahead ... take our 40 soldiers out of there,  Erdogan told members of his ruling AK Party in Ankara. Commenting on the incident at the alliance s Joint Warfare Centre in Stavanger, Norway, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said:  I apologize for the offense that has been caused.   The incidents were the result of an individual s actions and do not reflect the views of NATO,  said Stoltenberg, who is a former Norwegian prime minister, in a written statement. The individual involved, a civilian contractor seconded by Norway and not a NATO employee, was immediately removed from the exercise, Stoltenberg said. It would be up for the Norwegian authorities to decide on any disciplinary action, he added.  Turkey is a valued NATO Ally, which makes important contributions to Allied security, Stoltenberg said. In a separate statement, Norwegian Defence Minister Frank Bakke-Jensen said the offending message had been published on a computer network used during the exercise.  The message does not reflect Norway s views or policies and I apologize for the content of the message,  he said, adding there would be a thorough investigation followed by  appropriate measures . ",1
14525,Grace Mugabe: the office worker who wanted to rule Zimbabwe,"HARARE (Reuters) - The spectacular rise and fall of Zimbabwe s uncompromising First Lady, Grace Mugabe, had an unusual beginning: an office affair. It was the early 1990s when President Robert Mugabe s eye fell upon one of his shy young typists. She would become his wife, a ferociously ambitious politician and, more than two decades later, a contributor to the downfall of her 93-year-old husband. President Mugabe is trying to cling to power after the military took over this week in response to his purge of vice president Emmerson Mnangagwa, 75, a liberation war fighter and Grace s sworn enemy. Mnangagwa s aides even accused her of trying to poison him with ice cream from her dairy farm this year. She denies this. Grace, now 52 and under house arrest in Harare, had been calling for Mnangagwa s removal for weeks as the two fought an increasingly bitter winner-takes-all contest to succeed the man who has led Zimbabwe since independence from Britain in 1980. It wasn t the first time Grace had wielded influence over her husband. When it appeared former vice president Joice Majuru was in line to succeed Mugabe in 2014, he fired her following public rallies at which Grace derided Majuru. This time she appears to have gone too far. The purge of Mnangagwa and many of his comrades irked the military, who had no intention of allowing Grace and her youthful Generation 40 (G40) faction of the ruling ZANU-PF to take over the political reins. Deeply unpopular among much of the Zimbabwean public due to her alleged corruption and volatile temper, Grace does not have the liberation credentials the military believe are required to be a Zimbabwean ruler. The lavish lifestyle that earned her the nickname  Gucci Grace  and the political ambition that almost propelled her to the presidency were not evident when she met her future husband.  He just started talking to me, asking me about my life,  she told a South African journalist in 2013.  I didn t know it was leading somewhere. I was quite a shy person, very shy.  At the time, they were both married. President Mugabe s wife, Sally, was desperately ill and died in 1992. Grace and Robert were married in 1996 and have three children.  DIS-GRACE  At first Grace stayed out of politics and was better known for her spending habits, including buying mansions in South Africa, rare diamond jewelry, and Rolls-Royce limousines for her playboy sons. Then there are the repeated allegations of violence. In Singapore in 2009, photographer Richard Jones says Grace flew into a rage when he tried to take her picture. She ordered her bodyguards to hold his arms back while she punched him repeatedly in the face. Grace denies the assault. In August this year, Grace was accused of beating a young South African model who was partying with her sons. According to Gabriella Engels, Grace burst into a hotel room where she was talking with friends and whipped her with an electric cable as bodyguards looked on. Grace says she acted in self-defense after Engels tried to stab her with a knife. The reports of lavish spending and explosive temper earned her the title  Dis-Grace  back home in Zimbabwe, where an economic crisis had left most of the 16 million population mired in poverty and unemployment. Zimbabweans also question Grace s credentials. Eyebrows were raised in 2014 when she gained a PhD in three months. Her thesis, on the changing role of the family, has never been published. This hasn t stopped her trying to reach the political summit. When Majuru was removed, Grace became head of the ZANU-PF Women s League, giving her a seat at the party s top table. She used her political platform to take on Mnangagwa and his allies and made a push to succeed her frail husband.  They say I want to be president. Why not? Am I not a Zimbabwean?  Grace said at a recent rally. ",1
14526,China calls for peaceful Zimbabwe resolution under legal framework,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Foreign Ministry called on Friday for a peaceful resolution in Zimbabwe under a legal framework, after the army took charge this week.  China calls on all sides in Zimbabwe to keep their eyes on the country s long-term and fundamental interests, and uphold dialogue and consultations to bridge differences, to promote a peaceful and appropriate resolution to the issue under a legal framework,  ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told reporters. Pressed on what he meant by a legal framework, he said that it must accord with Zimbabwe s laws. Zimbabwe s President Robert Mugabe appeared in public on Friday for the first time since the move, as the ruling party made plans to force him to step down after more than three decades in power. China and Zimbabwe have close economic and political ties. ",1
14527,Tillerson urges return to civilian rule in Zimbabwe,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday urged  a quick return to civilian rule  in Zimbabwe after its army took charge earlier this week, and called events there  a concern.    Zimbabwe has an opportunity to set itself on a new path, one that must include democratic elections and respect for human rights,  Tillerson told the foreign ministers from the African continent ahead of a meeting in Washington.  ",1
14528,Lebanon's Middle East Airlines lifts electronics ban on London flights,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s national carrier Middle East Airlines (MEA) on Friday lifted restrictions on carry-on electronic devices on planes traveling from Beirut to London, the airline said.  Britain implemented curbs on electronic items in the cabin in March on direct flights from Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia in response to unspecified security threats.  Passengers had to check devices larger than a mobile phone such as laptops into the plane s hold.      These devices can as of Friday be carried in the cabin on direct MEA flights from Beirut to London,  provided specific random additional security measures are implemented at the London flight segregated gate,  MEA said in a statement. Britain s Ambassador to Lebanon Hugo Shorter confirmed the ban had been lifted for MEA flights to London with immediate effect on his Twitter page on Friday.   British Airways, which operate the only other direct route from Beirut to London, has not lifted the restrictions, the airline told Reuters on Friday.  ",1
