id,title,text,label
18537,Two-thirds of Germans see persistent east-west divisions: poll,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Twenty-seven years after German reunification, nearly two-thirds of Germans still see persistent divisions between those in the former communist East and the West, a sort of  Berlin Wall in the head , a new poll for Bild newspaper showed on Monday. Conducted by pollster INSA, the survey showed 64.6 percent of those polled believed Germans saw such divisions, compared to 22.9 percent who felt they had been overcome. The poll - released a day before Germany s reunification holiday - showed that 74 percent of Germans in the former East saw the  invisible barrier , compared to just 62.3 percent of those who lived in the former West Germany. The lingering divisions became evident in the German national election on Sept. 24, in which voters dealt mainstream political parties their biggest defeats in the post-war era, while the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party won 12.6 of the vote and moved into parliament for the first time. {nL5N1M40IH] Support for the AfD and its  take your country back  platform was particularly strong in eastern Germany, fueled by anger about Chancellor Angela Merkel s decision to open the doors to a million mostly Muslim migrants in 2015. Malu Dreyer, the Social Democratic premier of the western state of Rhineland-Palatinate, said the election results were a  wake-up call  for the big political parties about the continuing unmet concerns of east Germans.  We under-estimated how much transformation pressure the east Germans had, and how much they had to accomplish to make reunification a reality,  she told broadcaster Bayrischer Rundfunk on Monday.  Reunification didn t impact the daily lives of most West Germans.   Iris Gleicke, the German government s commissioner for eastern German affairs, said unemployment was down and average income had increased sharply in the region since reunification, but population decline remained a problem. Gleicke said glamorization and demographic changes had strengthened regional trends, with per capita gross domestic product falling behind that of the west by 27 percent, and industrial productivity lagging by 20 percent. She called for more efforts to ensure essential services in the east and to guard against the rise of far-right extremism.  Where the government is not present anymore, gaps are necessarily filled by those who are up to no good,  she said. Separately, Research Minister Johanna Wanka announced a new project on Monday to examine how many Nazis were able to continue working in East Germany s education and research institutions after World War Two.  ",1
18538,"U.N. rights boss seeks probe into Catalonia violence, political talks","GENEVA (Reuters) - The top United Nations human rights official called on Spanish authorities on Monday to investigate thoroughly and impartially violence linked to Catalonia s independence referendum, and to hold talks to resolve the secession issue. Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, voiced concern at Sunday s violence in which hundreds were injured, saying police responses needed to be  at all times ...proportionate and necessary.  I firmly believe that the current situation should be resolved through political dialogue, with full respect for democratic freedoms,  Zeid said in a statement issued by his Geneva office. ",1
18539,"Germany's Gabriel calls for talks between Catalonia, Spain","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Monday called for urgent dialogue between Catalonia and Spain, and said it was vital to prevent events from spiraling out of control after a violent police crackdown on an independence vote in the region.  The images that reached us yesterday from Spain show how important it is to interrupt the spiral of escalation,  Gabriel said in a statement in which he echoed calls by European Union officials for dialogue between Spain and Catalonia. Gabriel urged both sides to  keep calm  and work toward a lasting political solution that maintained the rule of law, which he said was one of the key pillars that united EU members. ",1
18540,France urges all sides in Cameroon to show restraint after eight killed,"PARIS (Reuters) - France called on all sides to show restraint and reject violence after soldiers killed at least eight people and wounded others in Cameroon s restless English-speaking regions on Sunday, during protests by activists calling for its independence.   France is following the situation in Cameroon carefully and is preoccupied by the incidents that took place over the weekend,  foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters in a daily online briefing on Monday.  We call on all the actors to show restraint and reject violence,  she added. ",1
18541,Ranks of world's refugees swell as asylum space shrinks: U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - More than 2 million people fleeing wars or persecution have joined the ranks of the world s refugees this year, but often face more restrictive asylum policies, including in Europe and the United States, the top U.N. refugee official said on Monday. They include 650,000 from South Sudan and 500,000 Muslim Rohingya who have escaped violence in Myanmar for Bangladesh over the past five weeks, many of the latter stateless, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi said.  So far in 2017, more than 2 million people have fled their countries as refugees,  Grandi told the UNHCR Executive Committee which opened a week-long meeting in Geneva.  They often arrive sick, traumatized and hungry, in remote border locations, in communities affected by poverty and underdevelopment. Many have urgent protection needs   children separated from their families, men, women, girls and boys exposed to sexual and gender-based violence,  he said. At the end of last year, 17.2 million refugees fell under UNHCR s mandate, but some of them have returned and others have been resettled, and there is no updated total. An additional 5 million Palestinian refugees are cared for by UNRWA. Grandi voiced concern that the refugee issue has been increasingly instrumentalized in local and national policies.  International cooperation has been replaced by fragmented responses, resulting in restrictive immigration and asylum measures, even in countries with their own histories of exile and migration, and a proud tradition of welcome,  he said. Border closures, measures to limit entry, restrictive asylum procedures, indefinite detention in appalling conditions, and offshore processing had regrettably increased, he said, decrying  rising xenophobia .  We have observed the protection environment deteriorate in many parts of the world, including in industrialized countries - in Europe, in the United States, in Australia,  Grandi said. Nearly 1.2 million refugees need resettling globally to third countries, he said.   It is therefore an issue of major concern that fewer than 100,000 resettlement places are expected to be available this year   a drop of 43 per cent from 2016,  he said. Traditionally, the United States has taken the largest number of refugees deemed most vulnerable under UNHCR s resettlement program involving about 10 Western receiving countries. Syrian and Congolese refugees led those resettled last year. The Trump administration last week proposed admitting a maximum of 45,000 refugees next year, the lowest cap in decades, which officials said was necessary to ensure U.S. security, although Democrats and humanitarian groups blasted the decision. The report also projected slashing funding to the refugee resettlement program by 25 percent. ",1
18542,Air strike kills seven Hezbollah fighters in Syria-sources,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - An air strike carried out by an unidentified warplane killed seven Hezbollah fighters in eastern Syria, three sources familiar with the incident told Reuters on Monday. The identity of the warplane was not confirmed, but the sources did not rule out the possibility that it was Russian  friendly fire . The sources did not say when the air strike happened. The air strike struck a Hezbollah position in eastern Homs province, where the Iran-backed Lebanese group is fighting Islamic State alongside the Syrian and Russian militaries. Asked about a report that a U.S. drone carried out the strike, the spokesman of the U.S.-led Coalition said the location was outside its area of operations. The coalition is also conducting air strikes in Syria against Islamic State in support of the Syrian Democratic Forces, an alliance of Arab and Kurdish militias. ",1
18543,Russian security service says dismantles Islamic State sleeper cell,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s FSB security service said on Monday it had detained members of what it said was an Islamic State sleeper cell in the Moscow region that had been planning to launch a series of high-profile attacks on the country s transport system. A video of the detentions showed masked FSB agents detaining men in a residential apartment where they could be seen finding and confiscating grenades, pistols and explosives.  The FSB said in a statement on its website that the detentions had occurred on Sept. 30 and that the cell included Russian citizens from the North Caucasus region who it said were committed to trying to set up a global Islamic caliphate and were directed by foreign militants. It said the cell had been planning to set off explosives in crowded public places and to target transport infrastructure. The FSB said it had detained all of the cell s members, but did not say how many people it had taken into custody. The question of opening criminal cases against them was being decided, it added. Islamic State, banned in Russia, has threatened to take revenge for Russian air strikes in Syria by shedding blood on Russian soil, and a bomb attack on the St Petersburg metro in April killed 14 people.             ",1
18544,Trump to top U.S. diplomat: Don't bother talking to North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday dismissed the prospect of talks with North Korea as a waste of time a day after his own secretary of state said the United States was maintaining open lines of communication with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.  I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful secretary of state, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man,  Trump wrote on Twitter, using his sarcastic nickname for Kim and seeming to contradict the top U.S. diplomat. Trump, who has traded insults and threats with Kim in recent weeks amid escalating tensions over Pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs, later tweeted that his White House predecessors, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama, had all  failed  on North Korea by  Being nice to Rocket Man.   So why would it work now?  he asked. Kim succeeded his father, Kim Jong Il, as North Korean leader in 2011, during Obama s administration. Previous presidents negotiated with Pyongyang but ultimately failed to prevent it from pressing ahead with its internationally condemned weapons programs. Tillerson disclosed on Saturday that the United States was directly communicating with North Korea on its nuclear and missile programs but that Pyongyang had shown no interest in dialogue.  Save your energy Rex, we ll do what has to be done!  Trump said. Tillerson said during a trip to China that the United States had multiple direct channels of communication with Pyongyang, the first such disclosure by the Trump administration, and that it was probing North Korea to see if it was interested in dialogue. Tillerson expressed hope for reducing tensions with North Korea, which is fast advancing toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland.  We are probing, so stay tuned,  Tillerson told a small group of reporters.  We ask:  Would you like to talk?  He said the United States had  a couple of, three channels, open to Pyongyang.  In Beijing on Monday, China s foreign ministry said it supported dialogue.  We consistently support the United States and North Korea engaging in dialogue and contact to promote mutual understanding and resolve related issues through consultations,  it said in an emailed response to a Reuters query on Tillerson s revelations about contact with North Korea. A senior Trump administration official, asked for clarification about Trump s Sunday morning tweets, played down the significance of the communication channels.  At a time when North Korea is continuing its provocations, the president does not think now is the time to negotiate with them,  the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. To the extent that diplomatic channels exist between Washington and Pyongyang, they are aimed at securing the return of Americans detained by North Korea, the official added. R.C. Hammond, an adviser to Tillerson, denied that his boss had been undercut by Trump s tweets and rejected any suggestion that the secretary of state should resign.  Let s resign the idea of resignation. The President just made it clear to the Kim regime the diplomatic offer on the table is cooling,  Hammond said on Twitter. He also downplayed any contacts.  Channels have been open for months. They ve been unused and cooling for months,  Hammond wrote. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert made a similar point on Sunday.  Diplomatic channels are open for #KimJongUn for now. They won t be open forever,  she wrote on Twitter. U.S. Representative Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, wrote on Twitter:  If Tillerson is wasting his time, it s only because his boss fails to understand the catastrophic consequences of war on the Korean peninsula.  Trump s rhetoric on North Korea has run the gamut, from personal attacks on Kim to veiled military threats, from a denial of any interest in talks to an insistence that he would prefer a diplomatic solution. After announcing new U.S. sanctions on North Korea last month, he acknowledged diplomacy was still possible, asking:  Why not? . But he has also frequently declared that he had military options at its disposal, although U.S. officials and outside experts have long said a U.S. strike on North Korea would risk massive casualties. ",1
18545,Marseille attack suspect had shown Tunisian passport to police: prosecutor,"PARIS (Reuters) - The man suspected of carrying out Sunday s attack in the French city of Marseille, killing two people, had presented a Tunisian passport when last stopped by police in Lyon just two days earlier, said the Paris public prosecutor Francois Molins. Molins told a news conference that the suspect s details came up on criminal databases and that he went by seven different identities - none of which were on French anti-terrorist check lists. He added that one such identity named him as  Ahmed H , born in 1987 in Tunisia, and that French authorities were trying to identify the authenticity of the Tunisian passport and his real name. A soldier shot the suspect dead after he had stabbed two women to death at Marseille main train station on Sunday, in what officials described as a  likely terrorist act  Molins added that the suspect told police he lived in Lyon, was homeless, divorced and had problems with drug abuse. ",1
18546,Catalonia government says 893 injured in clashes during banned referendum,"MADRID (Reuters) - The Catalan health service said 893 people received medical attention as a result of injuries sustained during clashes with police on Sunday. Four of those people were seriously injured but stable, the health service said in a statement. ",1
18547,Germany on Catalonia independence vote: Separatism doesn't solve problems,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s deputy foreign minister said on Monday that developments in Catalonia were  worrying  and separatism was not the answer after a violence-marred independence vote was held in the northeastern Spanish region on Sunday.  Separatism doesn t solve any problems,  said German Deputy Foreign Minister Michael Roth.  All EU members should respect and strictly adhere to the principles and rules of the rule of law and democracy.  Roth also said political conflicts in the European Union should be solved via dialogue rather than with violence on the streets.  Both sides need to say they are prepared to do this,  he said after a violent police crackdown on the independence vote. A German government spokesman on Monday denied Spanish media reports that Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy had spoken to Chancellor Angela Merkel by telephone on Sunday. ",1
18548,Merkel's conservatives tied with SPD ahead of state vote: poll,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and the rival Social Democrats (SPD) are nearly tied ahead of a crucial regional election in the state of Lower Saxony, a poll conducted by a German newspaper showed on Monday. The poll by the Hannoverschen Allgemeine Zeitung put the CDU on 33.1 percent, while the Social Democrats - who now rule the state with the environmentalist Greens - were at 32.8 percent.     The Oct. 15 election is being followed closely because it follows just three weeks after national elections and will delay federal coalition talks since parties are reluctant to alienate core voters by making compromises ahead of the vote. The poll showed the Greens were in third place with 9.9 percent of the vote, followed by far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party with 8.1 percent, the pro-business Free Democrats with 8 percent and the far-left Left party at 5.4 percent. ",1
18549,"Bangladesh, Myanmar agree on 'working group' for refugee plan: minister","DHAKA,  (Reuters) - Bangladesh and Myanmar agreed on Monday to set up a  joint working group  on the repatriation of Rohingya Muslim refugee who have fled to Bangladesh, Foreign Minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali told reporters after talks with a Myanmar official.  We are looking forward to a peaceful solution to the crisis,  Ali said after his talks with Myanmar government official Kyaw Tint Swe. More than half a million Rohingya refugees from Myanmar have fled to neighboring Bangladesh since late August, to escape what the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing by Myanmar s military. ",1
18550,Kyrgyzstan in talks on hosting second Russian military base: PM to agency,"ALMATY (Reuters) - Kyrgyzstan is in talks with Moscow about hosting a second Russian military base, Russian news agency RIA quoted Kyrgyz Prime Minister Sapar Isakov as saying on Monday. During a visit last week to Moscow, Isakov suggested situating the base in the southern part of the Central Asian country close to its border with Tajikistan - where Russia also has a similar facility.  There is no final decision from either of the sides,  RIA quoted him as saying in an interview.  Negotiations continue on this matter.  Close ally Kyrgyzstan already hosts a Russian airbase located near its capital, Bishkek. ",1
18551,"Catalonian vote is matter for Spain, Britain urges restraint","MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British finance minister Philip Hammond said on Monday Catalonia s independence referendum that turned violent was a matter for the Spanish government, but urged restraint.  These are internal events for Spain and for the Spanish government and the Spanish people. Obviously we deplore violence wherever it occurs, we want to see any constitutional questions wherever they arise settled by constitutional means,  Hammond told Britain s LBC radio.  It s very important to maintain the rule of law everywhere, we would always urge restraint in the way that is done but it s for the Spanish people and Spanish government to resolve these issues.  ",1
18552,Cambodia's Hun Sen urges arrests of opposition 'rebels in the city',"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia could make more arrests of people linked to a plot to overthrow the government, Prime Minister Hun Sen said on Monday, attacking opposition figures as  rebels in the city  bent on staging a  color revolution , despite past failures. The comment is part of the strongman s widening crackdown on opposition politicians and independent media that critics and rights groups see as an effort to shore up his party s strength ahead of a general election next year. Last month, authorities arrested Kem Sokha, leader of the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), and charged him with treason and espionage over an alleged plot to take power with help from the United States. The U.S. embassy has rejected any suggestion of interference in politics. The Sept. 3 arrest sparked condemnation from Western countries, and the CNRP has said about half its members of parliament have fled Cambodia fearing a crackdown by Hun Sen.  This isn t over yet with one arrest, I would like to send out a message,  Hun Sen, who has ruled Cambodia for more than 30 years, said at an opening ceremony for a hotel in Siem Reap province.  This set-up is a systematic activity,  he added, referring to the alleged opposition plot to overthrow his government.  The rebels in the city that do  color revolution  are absolutely rejected.  Hun Sen can claim support from his main ally, China, which has said it supports Cambodia s efforts to maintain its security. The government says a 2013 video in which Kem Sokha tells supporters he has help from unidentified Americans to gain power is evidence that he was colluding with the United States. The opposition argues the video is evidence of an election strategy, not a coup plot. ",1
18553,Britain frustrated by slow pace of Brexit talks: finance minister,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May s top ministers are all frustrated by the slow pace of Brexit negotiations, but her team owes her its loyalty as she negotiates Britain s departure from the European Union, finance minister Philip Hammond said on Monday. At the Conservative Party s conference in Manchester, northern England, Hammond played down the importance of four new red lines set down by foreign minister Boris Johnson in a British newspaper that underlined the rifts in cabinet.  We re all frustrated by the slow progress that we ve made over the last few months with the European Union negotiations, that s why the prime minister went to Florence 10 days ago and made a key speech which was designed specifically to unstick the logjam in the negotiations and move them forward,  he told ITV television.   Boris  position on these issues are well known. I back the prime minister in what is a very complex and delicate negotiation with our European Union partners to deliver Britain s exit in the way the British people have mandated us to do.   ",1
18554,"Somali refugee faces terror charges in Canada stabbing, car attacks","EDMONTON, Alberta (Reuters) - A Somali refugee who had been on a watch list over extremist views faced five counts of attempted murder and terror charges on Sunday after Canadian police said he stabbed a police officer and ran down four pedestrians with a car in Edmonton, Alberta. The suspect, a 30-year-old man whom police did not identify, had been investigated two years ago for promoting extremist ideology but was not deemed a threat, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) said.  RCMP Assistant Commissioner Marlin Degrand said an  exhaustive investigation  into the man in 2015 did not uncover sufficient evidence to pursue charges. Canadian media identified the suspect as Abdulahi Hasan Sharif, although Reuters was not immediately able to confirm his identity. Police cordoned off an apartment block near downtown Edmonton and plainclothes officers were seen carrying large bags of equipment into the building. The attacks in the western Canadian city began when a Chevy Malibu hit a police officer standing in front of a football stadium at about 8:15 p.m. Mountain time on Saturday (10.15 p.m. ET), sending him flying into the air. The driver got out of the car and stabbed the officer multiple times before fleeing, according to police accounts and surveillance footage of the incident. Police identified the suspect when he was stopped at a checkpoint and his license showed that he was the owner of the Malibu. He fled the checkpoint and was apprehended after a police chase across a downtown street, during which he hit four pedestrians. A flag of the Islamic State militant group was found inside the Malibu, said Rod Knecht, police chief of Edmonton, Alberta s provincial capital. Edmonton Mayor Don Iveson told reporters:  To the best of our knowledge, this was a lone-wolf attack. There s no immediate cause for panic or concern.  U.S. national security agencies strongly leaned toward the conclusion that the suspect acted alone, although they were reviewing the matter, a U.S. official told Reuters.  The police officer, who had stab wounds to the head and face, was released from a hospital on Sunday along with two pedestrians. A third pedestrian was upgraded to stable from critical, while the fourth suffered a fractured skull and had regained consciousness. On Sunday, two women were stabbed to death and their assailant shot dead by a soldier in the southern French port city of Marseille in what officials describe as a  likely terrorist act . Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called the Edmonton attack  another example of the hate that we must remain ever vigilant against.  Canada s government said it would keep the terrorist threat level at medium, where it has been since late 2014. The Alberta Muslim Public Affairs Council denounced the attack and hundreds attended a Sunday evening rally organized by the group.  These types of acts, whether terrorism or not, seek to divide communities. We have to show that s not going to happen, not in Edmonton,  said group spokesman Aurangzeb Qureshi.  Canada has been dealing in recent months with a surge in illegal border crossings by people seeking refugee status, which has renewed debate over whether it should tighten its borders.  The North American country has not experienced as much violence from extremist attacks as the United States and Western European nations, but there have been several deadly incidents in recent years. In January, a French-Canadian university student was charged with murder after six people were shot and killed inside a Quebec City mosque, in what Trudeau called  a terrorist attack.  In August 2016, Canadian police raided an Ontario home and killed Aaron Driver, who they said was an Islamic State supporter preparing an attack on a Canadian city with a homemade bomb. In 2014, Canada was stunned by two deadly attacks that police said were the work of homegrown radicals and led to tougher new anti-terrorism measures.  A gunman killed a soldier at Ottawa s national war memorial before launching an attack on the Canadian Parliament in October 2014. In the same week, a man ran down two soldiers in Quebec, killing one. In 2015, a videotape attributed to al Shabaab, a Somali-based Islamist militant group behind a deadly 2013 attack on a Kenyan shopping center, threatened North American malls, including the West Edmonton Mall. ",1
18555,New Zealand's 'kingmaker' to start talks with both major parties this week,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - The New Zealand First Party, which emerged as a kingmaker after New Zealand s election in September, will begin preliminary talks with both the ruling National Party and separately with the Labour Party this week, according to a media release. The statement comes after Prime Minister Bill English told media on Monday that he had called New Zealand First leader Winston Peters but he had not picked up. Both parties have since said the two leaders had spoken by telephone. While English s National Party won a 10-point lead over the opposition Labour Party in the Sept. 23 election, neither won enough seats to govern alone and both have been left courting the outspoken Peters to form a government. English s National Party secured 58 seats, only just short of the 61 seats needed to form a government in New Zealand s proportional representation system. Labour won 45 seats, New Zealand First won nine and the Green Party seven.  Preliminary talks will proceed this week when arrangements suitable to both parties are concluded,  the New Zealand First Party said on its website. It is a familiar situation for Peters. The veteran politician is holding the balance of power for a third time, having previously joined coalitions led by both National and Labour. While his policies are thought to have more in common with those of Labour - both want to curb immigration - some analysts say he could opt for National as it would be a simpler coalition of just two parties. Labour, however, would have to form a three-way coalition which would include the Green Party, with which it already has a working agreement. There was speculation over the weekend that the National Party could sound out the Greens, but English said he was undecided.  I think the Greens would need to show that there is a serious possibility of negotiation,  English told local media.  So far Mr. Peters has indicated that he is willing and able to negotiate, including with National, the Greens haven t indicated that so far...the Greens are pretty committed to working with Labour alone.  James Shaw, the leader of the Green Party, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. Labour leader Jacinda Ardern, who boosted her party s chances after  taking over as leader in August, said she had spoken to Peters earlier and confirmed that their teams were looking to meet this week.  We will look to hold a meeting between our respective teams later this week, while we wait for special votes to be counted,  Ardern said in an emailed statement. A final tally of the results is due on Oct. 7, when  special votes , which make up 15 percent of the total and include overseas votes, are released. ",1
18556,Egypt's Hasm militants claim attack targeting Myanmar embassy,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian militant group Hasm claimed responsibility on Sunday for a small explosion at Myanmar s embassy in Cairo, saying it was in retaliation for that country s military crackdown on Rohingya Muslims. Egypt s interior ministry has not commented on Saturday s blast, which residents and media initially reported as probably the result of a faulty gas pipeline. Two security sources told Reuters that traces of explosives had been found at the scene.  This bombing serves as a warning to the embassy of murderers, killers of women and children in the Muslim Rakhine State, and in solidarity with the sons of this weakened Muslim population,  Hasm said in its statement. It was the first time that Hasm, a group blamed for several attacks targeting judges and policemen around Cairo since last year, has claimed an attack on a civilian target.  (We have used) utmost caution to ensure that there were no civilian casualties or innocent people (hurt) during the operation, or else you would have seen a burning hell you could not have stopped,  Hasm said in the statement.  Myanmar s government spokesman urged citizens abroad to be careful.  Pls take care Myanmar nationals around the world,  the spokesman, Zaw Htay, said on his Twitter feed. The latest wave of violence in western Myanmar s Rakhine State began on Aug. 25, when Rohingya insurgents attacked police posts and an army camp, killing about 12 people. The Myanmar military response has sent more than 410,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh, escaping what they and rights monitors say is a campaign aimed at driving the Muslim population out of the majority-Buddhist country. Egypt accuses Hasm of being a militant wing of the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist group it outlawed in 2013. The Muslim Brotherhood denies this. Hundreds of Egyptian soldiers and police have been killed fighting an Islamist insurgency in Sinai that has gained pace since mid-2013, when General-turned-President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi ousted Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood after mass protests against his rule. ",1
18557,Canadian Sikh politician wins race to lead federal New Democrats,"(Reuters) - Jagmeet Singh, an Ontario provincial lawmaker and practicing Sikh, was elected on Sunday as leader of Canada s left-leaning New Democrats, becoming the first non-white politician to head a major Canadian political party. The 38-year-old lawyer, whose penchant for colorful turbans and tailor-made three-piece suits made him a social media star, was elected on the first ballot to lead the New Democratic Party into the 2019 federal election against Prime Minister Justin Trudeau s Liberals.  Thank you, New Democrats. The run for Prime Minister begins now,  Singh tweeted. Singh secured 54 percent of the vote, defeating three rivals to become the new head of the NDP, succeeding Thomas Mulcair. The results of the vote, conducted online and by mail, were announced at a party meeting in Toronto. The Toronto-area politician, who led in fundraising since joining the race last May, had been touted by supporters as someone who could bring new life to the party, which has struggled since the death of charismatic former leader Jack Layton in 2011. Singh s profile was boosted in early September after a video went viral showing him calmly responding with words of love to a heckler who interrupted a campaign event to accuse him of wanting to impose Islamic Shariah law in Canada.  His skill, in being able to diffuse the situation, it understandably appealed to a lot of people who ended up supporting him,  said Christopher Cochrane, a professor of political science at the University of Toronto. Cochrane added that Singh s ability to connect both with young people and ethnic minorities would make him a  force to reckon with  when competing against Trudeau in 2019. Trudeau congratulated his new political rival on Twitter on Sunday, saying:  I look forward to speaking soon and working together for Canadians.  The NDP is the third largest party in the federal Parliament, with 44 of 338 seats. The party lags well behind the centrist Liberals and right-leaning Conservatives in political fundraising this year, according to Elections Canada data. Singh will now focus on rallying supporters and targeting center-left voters who helped propel Trudeau s Liberals to a decisive victory in 2015. There are hurdles ahead. Singh does not have a seat in the federal parliament and will have to win one in a special election. He also needs to persuade voters that his party can form a government, although it has never held power federally. There are also questions over whether he will have success in Quebec, Canada s mainly French-speaking province, where overt signs of faith are frowned upon.  ",1
18558,Catalan leader opens door to secession from Spain after vote,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia s regional leader opened the door to a unilateral declaration of independence from Spain on Sunday after voters defied a violent police crackdown and, according to regional officials, voted 90 percent in favor of breaking away. Despite Spanish police using batons and rubber bullets to disrupt the banned referendum, which was declared unconstitutional by Madrid, the Catalan government said 2.26 million people had cast ballots, a turnout of about 42 percent. Carles Puigdemont s comments followed a television address by Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy who ruled out independence and accused separatists of trying to  blackmail ... the whole nation . He offered all-party talks on the region s future. Catalan officials say more than 800 people were injured in clashes with Spanish riot police during the referendum, which has pitched the country into its deepest constitutional crisis in decades and deepened a rift between Madrid and Barcelona.  On this day of hope and suffering, Catalonia s citizens have earned the right to have an independent state in the form of a republic,  Puigdemont said in a televised address.  My government, in the next few days will send the results of today s vote to the Catalan Parliament, where the sovereignty of our people lies, so that it can act in accordance with the law of the referendum,  he said. The law of the referendum, deemed unconstitutional by Madrid, foresees a unilateral declaration of independence by the Catalan parliament if the majority votes to leave Spain. The law does not set a minimum turnout for the outcome to be valid. The results announced early on Monday were not a surprise, given that many unionists were not expected to turn out to vote. Earlier in the day, the streets of Catalonia, an industrial and tourism powerhouse accounting for a fifth of Spain s economy, erupted into violence as national police burst into polling stations with batons, dragging voters away. The action drew criticism at home and abroad. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson voiced worries over the violence while backing Madrid s view that the vote was unconstitutional. Spain s deputy prime minister said force used by the police had been proportionate.  The absolute irresponsibility of the regional government has had to be met by the security forces of the state,  said Soraya Saenz de Santamaria. The euro lost about a third of a U.S. cent after the violence-marred vote before steadying. It touched a low of $1.1776 in thin Asian trade but soon steadied at $1.1801. In the run-up to the referendum, Puigdemont had said he would move to a declaration of independence within 48 hours of a  yes  vote. But the fragmented nature of the polling, with many voting stations closed, could complicate any move to a formal declaration. Puigdemont called on Europe to step in to make sure fundamental rights were fully respected. In another sign tensions would endure beyond the vote, secessionist groups and trade unions in Catalonia called a general strike for Tuesday, La Vanguardia newspaper said. Catalan officials said 844 people had been injured in the police crackdown and the Spanish Interior Ministry said 12 police officers had been hurt.   I propose that all political parties with parliamentary representation meet and, together, reflect on the future we all face,  Rajoy said in his televised address. Opinion polls had shown around 40 percent of the northeastern region wanted independence from Spain although a majority were in favor of a referendum on the issue.     National police sent in to Catalonia for the referendum swept into polling stations, hitting people with batons, firing rubber bullets into crowds and forcibly removing would-be voters from polling stations, some dragged away by their hair.  Regardless of views on independence, we should all condemn the scenes being witnessed and call on Spain to change course before someone is seriously hurt,  Scotland s pro-independence leader, Nicola Sturgeon, said on Twitter. Despite the national police action, some polling stations remained open, especially in areas supervised by the Catalan police force which adopted much milder tactics.  I m so pleased because despite all the hurdles they ve put up, I ve managed to vote,  said Teresa, a 72-year-old pensioner in Barcelona who had stood in line for six hours to vote. The ballot will have no legal status as it has been blocked by Spain s Constitutional Court which ruled it at odds with the 1978 constitution that effectively restored democracy in Spain after the dictatorship of General Francisco Franco. ",1
18559,Canadian police say suspect in Edmonton attacks is Somali national,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Canadian police told a news conference on Sunday that a suspect arrested following Saturday night s attacks in Edmonton was a Somali national with refugee status in Canada.  Police declined to provide his name but said authorities had investigated a complaint in 2015 that he was espousing extremist ideology and had determined that he did not pose a threat at the time.  (This version was corrected officially to change the first paragraph after the police corrected original statement to say suspect is a refugee, rather than seeking refugee status) ",1
18560,"One eve of Gaza reconciliation, Hamas frees Fatah men","GAZA (Reuters) - Hamas freed five prisoners belonging to the rival Fatah party on Sunday and Egypt sent a delegation to the Gaza Strip to oversee the Islamist group s planned handover of administrative control of the Palestinian enclave to a unity government. The West Bank-based Palestinian prime minister, Rami al-Hamdallah, and other officials of the government formed in 2014 are due in Gaza on Monday to run ministries and hold a cabinet meeting the next day. Hamas opted for reconciliation with Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas s Fatah because it is short of funds and friends a decade after seizing the enclave in a brief civil war. [nL8N1MA2FT]  We are determined to ... bury the chapter of division so that the homeland can be reunited,  Hamdallah said in public remarks in the West Bank city of Ramallah. One cabinet member, Culture Minister Ehab Bseisso, arrived in Gaza on Sunday and held a meeting with deputies and employees after taking up his post. Hamas made its dramatic turn towards reconciliation on Sept. 17 after Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates imposed an economic boycott on the movement s main donor, Qatar, over alleged support of terrorists. Abbas, whose popularity ratings are low, has been facing public pressure to patch up differences with Hamas. Hamas s armed wing still remains the dominant power in the territory of 2 million people partially blockaded by Israel and Egypt, which cite security concerns for border restrictions. On the eve of the handover, Hamas released five Fatah security men it jailed two years ago for what an Interior Ministry spokesman described as  actions harmful to internal security . Their sentences ranged from seven to 15 years. Speaking to reporters, one of the freed inmates, Taher Abu Armana, thanked Hamas Gaza chief Yehya Al-Sinwar and Mohammed Dahlan, a former Fatah security chief in the enclave, for his release. Dahlan, based since 2011 in the United Arab Emirates, is behind an influx of cash to prop up Gaza and detente between Hamas and Arab states including Egypt, which hosted reconciliation talks.   We urge President (Mahmoud Abbas) to order the release of all political prisoners in the West Bank,  Abu Armana said, a reference to members of Hamas, a group considered by Western countries that back Abbas to be a terrorist organization. An official of the Palestinian Authority, the self-rule body headed by Abbas in the Israeli-occupied West Bank, said an Egyptian delegation comprised of two generals and Cairo s ambassador to Israel, arrived in Gaza to oversee reconciliation efforts. It was the first official Egyptian delegation to travel to Gaza since 2012. Egypt suspended its diplomatic mission in Gaza in 2007 after the Hamas takeover. ",1
18561,'No rules': Russian activist's death a symbol of pre-election violence,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian opposition activist Ivan Skripnichenko died after being attacked by a man angry he opposed Vladimir Putin. Over a month later, nobody has been arrested, his family can t see his autopsy, and authorities say he probably died of heart disease. The assault on the 36-year-old father-of-two is one of a growing number of vicious attacks on opposition figures in the run-up to a presidential election in March which Putin, the incumbent, is widely expected to contest. Most activists do not believe that Putin or the Kremlin have a hand in the attacks, which have included caustic liquid being thrown in a victim s eyes, a car being set alight, and, in one case, an activist being bashed over the head with an iron bar. But critics say the way the authorities have handled the cases - it s rare for anyone to be arrested and a nationalist group which says its carries out such attacks openly boasts about its activities - shows that they are at best turning a blind eye, and at worst tacitly condoning the violence. Yulia Latynina, a journalist critical of the authorities, was forced to flee Russia this summer after having faeces thrown at her, her car torched, and noxious gas pumped into her home.  For her, Skripnichenko s death is part of a dangerous trend, and she has accused the authorities of losing control of the violent extremists responsible.  When you splash antiseptic in people s faces, pour shit over people, beat up activists, puncture their tires, or burn something, sooner or later someone will be burned alive or die in a fight,  Latynina said on her own radio show.  And that s murder.  According to Skripnichenko s family, an unidentified man accosted him late on Aug. 15 as he stood by a makeshift memorial to slain opposition leader Boris Nemtsov on a Kremlin bridge, a rallying point for government critics. Nemtsov had been shot dead on the same spot in 2015 by a Chechen gunman in one of modern Russia s most high-profile killings.  Don t you love Putin?  the man asked Skripnichenko.  Is Putin a girl that I should love him?  the activist parried. The man knocked Skripnichenko s cap to the ground, and, as his victim rose after picking it up, punched him hard in the face, breaking his nose. Skripnichenko hit his head on the pavement as he fell. His attacker then kicked him as he lay prone. Mikhail Silich, an activist who was with Skripnichenko at the time of the attack, confirmed the family s account. After the attack, Skripnichenko left hospital and told other activists he thought he would be OK. His family say he went to a different hospital a week later to get his nose reset, and began to feel unwell in the canteen. When he didn t come home that day, they phoned the next morning to be told he had died. His family and activists say the authorities are not investigating his death properly. Investigators have neither identified nor arrested Skripnichenko s attacker, have not opened a criminal case, and the dead man s family say they can t obtain his autopsy report. Citing procedure, Moscow s Investigative Committee, which is handling the matter, told Skripnichenko s widow Olga that she would need to wait 40 days to get such a report. The committee did not respond to a Reuters request for comment on progress in the case. Despite the attack taking place in sight of the Kremlin s  walls on the same spot where Nemtsov was gunned down two and a half years earlier, investigators say there is no CCTV footage. Ilya Novikov, the family lawyer, says that s hard to believe.  The cause of death is in question too. Investigators  preliminary conclusion was that he had died of heart disease.  Skripnichenko s sister Nastya says doctors who examined her brother said he did not appear to have suffered serious head wounds. Yet she is skeptical he died of heart problems and suspects the attack triggered problems that took time to unfold.   My brother never complained about heart problems,  she told Reuters, saying doctors had given him a clean bill of health in a check-up as recently as this spring.  My brother was into cross-country skiing, flew a glider, did parachute jumps, and cycled at a semi-professional level. I absolutely link my brother s death with the attack.  Russia s liberal opposition has no seats in parliament and  scant hope of mounting a serious challenge to Putin next year, though Alexei Navalny, an opposition leader who doesn t fit the traditional liberal mould, is trying to make a run.  But in a country under Western sanctions because of its 2014 annexation of Ukraine s Crimea and support for pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine, pro-Kremlin politicians often cast anyone critical of the authorities as  the enemy within .  Critics say such rhetoric is fuelling attacks against the opposition and that those who carry them out feel a sense of impunity because they are rarely punished. Navalny became temporarily blind in one eye in April after having caustic liquid thrown at him. Soon afterwards, a pro-government TV channel broadcast footage of Navalny s attacker running away from the scene, but blurred out his face. Opposition activists identified the man as a member of a radical group; investigators said there was not enough evidence for a prosecution. In another incident, Nikolai Lyaskin, a Navalny ally, was hit over the head with an iron bar in Moscow last month, an assault Navalny said was designed to turn him into  an invalid.   Police detained a suspect and opened a criminal case, but they then issued a statement saying the suspect had told them that Lyaskin, the victim, had paid his assailant to stage an attack on him. Police released the suspect after 48 hours on conditions which were not disclosed. The spot where Skripnichenko was attacked is a favorite target for nationalists who dislike the makeshift shrine there to Nemtsov. For them, the former deputy prime minister turned Putin critic is a pro-Western traitor. They have sometimes trashed his shrine and picked fights with its defenders. SERB, a radical nationalist group, has vandalized the memorial several times. At an apartment block in Moscow where Nemtsov once lived, SERB s leader Igor Beketov tore off a plaque that activists had hung honoring Nemtsov. A state TV report about the incident complained the opposition was using Nemtsov s name  for various purposes  and gave Beketov air time to explain his grievances.   Outside the apartment block, Skripnichenko family lawyer Novikov became embroiled in a fist fight with Beketov after SERB members ripped up a photo of Nemtsov. SERB pelts its targets with faeces, antiseptic and urine. It has smashed cake into Navalny s face, but denies the caustic liquid attack. It has also hinted it threw faeces at Latynina.     Tamara Lugovykh, an activist who knew Skripnichenko, said she fears the authorities will do everything not to link his death to politics. In interviews with Reuters, seven activists said the attack chimed with the regular intimidation they face. They saw parallels with the investigation into Nemtsov s murder, which convicted a group of Chechens but failed to identify who ordered the killing and why.   Real blood has been spilled on the same spot a few meters apart,  said activist Andrei Margulev.  At the bridge shrine, a portrait of Skripnichenko is now on display next to that of Nemtsov.  Ivan had plans to have children with his wife,  Sergei Kireyev, an activist who knew him, said.   But anything can happen on the bridge. There are no rules.  ",1
18562,Catalan government says 90 percent voted to leave Spain,MADRID (Reuters) - The Catalan government said around 2.26 million people had cast a ballot in a banned referendum to leave Spain on Sunday and 90 percent of them had voted in favor of secession. This represents a turnout of around 42.3 percent of Catalonia s 5.34 million voters. ,1
18563,Argentines march to demand answers on case of missing activist,"Buenos Aires (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Argentines marched through the rain in front of the presidential palace on Sunday to demand answers in the case of a young protester who went missing two months ago. Opposition and human rights groups believe state security forces took Santiago Maldonado, a 28-year-old craftsman, and allege President Mauricio Macri s government is covering up information on his whereabouts. Maldonado was last seen during an Aug. 1 operation by the National Gendarmerie to end a land occupation in Chubut province by the indigenous Mapuche.  My intuition tells me the Gendarmerie have him. Where, I don t know,  Maldonado s brother, Sergio Maldonado, told reporters at the rally in downtown Buenos Aires. Protesters marched carrying images of Maldonado s bearded face and signs that read  may he appear alive now.  Potential cases of abuse by security forces are sensitive in Argentina, where the 1976-1983 military dictatorship secretly detained, tortured and killed people in clandestine prisons. Rights groups say up to 30,000 people  disappeared.  Macri s government has said that there is no evidence that shows security forces detained Maldonado. ",1
18564,"From batons to barbecues, Catalan vote exposes police divisions","SANT PERE DE TORELLO, Spain (Reuters) - As Spanish police wielded batons and fired rubber bullets at crowds attempting to vote in Catalonia s banned independence referendum on Sunday, the region s own police force gave many voters a much gentler reception. In Catalonia s pro-independence heartland, among the farming towns of Osona county north of Barcelona, the Catalan force made little attempt to remove people from polling stations despite being tasked with the same court order to shut them down. Local courts received several complaints on Sunday against the Catalan police accusing them of inactivity and failing to close polling stations, despite the court order, the region s High Court said in a statement. In Sant Pere and Osona s capital of Vic, crowds waited in orderly queues and cast their ballots in school halls, though the mood was jittery as photos of bloodied voters circulated via social media from the cities of Barcelona and Girona. More than 840 people were injured during Sunday s police crackdown, Catalan officials said. Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, however, praised the police for carrying out their duties and upholding the law. In Sant Pere, children ran along the street playing tag, young people passed around barbecued kebabs and flagons of red wine, and pensioners at a retirement home nearby sat by windows and waved Catalan flags.   If we don t win today, we will never be able to do it. This is the opportunity,  Ramon Jordana, a 92-year-old former taxi driver said as he dropped his vote into a ballot box that organizers had smuggled into the town in the dead of night.  At the polling station in Sant Pere, a town of some 2,500 people close to the Pyrenees which symbolically declared independence from Spain in 2012, voters arrived before sunrise and Jordana cast the first vote at 9 a.m. Officers from Catalonia s regional police, the Mossos d Esquadra, had tried to enter Sant Pere and Vic s polling stations before voting began but crowds clustered around the entrances to stop them. They withdrew to applause and cheers.  We won t use force to enter, but we ll stay outside all day in case at some point we can,  one of the officers in Sant Pere told Reuters afterwards. He asked not to be identified. The two officers in Sant Pere chatted casually with locals outside the polling station, and one of them posed with a child for a photo. After a second attempt to enter the voting center, the crowd resisted and they retreated around a street corner. In Osona s overwhelmingly separatist-controlled municipalities, opinion polls show support for independence tops 80 percent on average, around double the overall support among Catalonia s 7.5 million population. The referendum has been declared illegal by Rajoy s central government in Madrid, which says the constitution states the country is indivisible, and it has dispatched police across Catalonia to seize ballot boxes and prevent people voting. However, national police and the Mossos have taken very different approaches, despite Spain s state prosecutor telling Mossos recently that they had been put under a single chain of command reporting directly to the interior ministry in Madrid. The Mossos are held in great affection by Catalans, especially after they hunted down Islamists accused of staging coordinated attacks in Barcelona in August which killed 16 people. In contrast, the Civil Guard national police were branded  Rajoy s thugs  on Twitter on Sunday. National police unions said officers had carried out an  impeccable intervention  to preserve the constitution and called the Mossos  inaction  scandalous .  The national police are disappointed and indignant ... The Mossos  presence has been insufficient, deliberately weak and embarrassingly neutral,  the unions said in a statement. In Sant Pere, before voting got underway, the town s mayor, Jordi Fabrega, asked a crowd of about 200 people to guard the booth s entrance all day and to resist peacefully any attempt by police to enter.  The moment we leave it unguarded, they will come,  Fabrega said. The first count of Sant Pere s vote showed 80 percent turnout with 97 percent of voters supporting independence. High turnout will be key to legitimizing a  yes  vote, which the Catalan government says would lead to a declaration of independence from the regional parliament within 48 hours.  Locals blocked streets with vans and construction trucks as word spread that national police, who have been drafted into Catalonia in their thousands, were en route to raid the polling station.  If the police really want to get the ballot boxes, they will get them,  said one Sant Pere voter, 66-year-old Carles, who declined to give his surname as he was worried the Spanish government would come after him. In the end, no national police turned up. Organizers said it had been no easy task to get to this point. Joan Vaque Casas, Sant Pere s head coordinator, said he had received a text message at about 2 a.m. to meet at a secret location to pick up the ballot box and voting papers. ",1
18565,Catalonia chief opens door to declaration of independence,"MADRID (Reuters) - The head of the Catalan regional government on Sunday opened the door to a potential declaration of independence of Catalonia from Spain after a day of tensions in the northeastern region where police were deployed to thwart an independence vote.  On this day of hope and suffering, Catalonia s citizens have earned the right to have an independent state in the form of a republic,  Carles Puigdemont said in a televised address, surrounded by members of his government.  My government, in the next few days will send the results of today s vote to the Catalan Parliament, where the sovereignty of our people lies, so that it can act in accordance with the law of the referendum,  he also said. The law of the referendum foresees a unilateral declaration of independence by the regional parliament of Catalonia if the majority votes to leave Spain. Preliminary results point to an overwhelming majority of Catalans voting to leave after a referendum that had been banned by the constitutional court and declared illegal by Madrid.  ",1
18566,Knifeman yelling 'Allahu Akbar' shot dead after killing two in France,"MARSEILLE, France/PARIS (Reuters) - Two women were stabbed to death and their assailant shot dead by a soldier in the southern French port city of Marseille on Sunday in what officials described as a  likely terrorist act . Police sources said the suspect had shouted  Allahu Akbar  (God is greatest) in Arabic as he attacked the women, aged 17 and 20, at Marseille s main railway station. Two police sources said one had her throat slit while the other was stabbed in the chest and stomach. An Islamic State militant was responsible for the attack, the group s Amaq news agency said. The assailant was shot dead by a soldier from a military Sentinelle patrol, a force deployed across the country as part of a state of emergency declared after Islamist attacks that began almost two years ago.  We have until now managed to avoid such dramatic incidents (in Marseille). I think it was a terrorist attack and the individual who was killed seems to have had several identities,  Marseille mayor Jean-Claude Gaudin told reporters. Paris was rocked in 2015 by multiple attacks that killed 130 people. In 2016 a gunman drove a truck into a crowd celebrating Bastille Day in Nice, killing 86 people. Both of these attacks were claimed by Islamic State. Other countries, including Britain, Germany and Belgium, have also suffered attacks by militants using knives, guns, explosives and driving vehicles at crowds. Some 200 police officers cordoned off the area and all roads were closed to traffic. A witness told Reuters she saw a man take out a knife from his sleeve and then stab a young girl and then a second woman, shouting what could have been  Allahu Akbar . Speaking in Marseille, Interior Minister Gerard Collomb said the man had initially killed one woman and looked to be running away before returning to attack a second woman and then rush toward soldiers from the Sentinelle force who arrived on the scene quickly and shot him dead. Two police sources said the attacker had been carrying a butcher s knife, was around 30 years old and of North African appearance. One source said he was known to police for common law crimes, while another said digital analysis of fingerprints had come up with several aliases.  This could be an act of terrorism, but we cannot confirm it fully at this stage,  Collomb told reporters. French troops are part of a U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State in Syria and Iraq and has thousands of soldiers in West Africa fighting al Qaeda-linked militants, operations that have made these groups urge their followers to target France. Security forces have increasingly been targeted by militants in knife attacks. A man wielding a knife attacked a soldier in a Paris metro station on Sept. 15. President Emmanuel Macron said on Twitter he was  disgusted by this barbaric act  and praised the calmness and efficiency of security forces. French lawmakers are due to vote on a much-criticized anti-terrorism law on Tuesday, which would see France come out of its state-of-emergency in November, although some of the powers would be enshrined into law. The number of military personnel on the ground is also due to be reduced slightly, although the force is being adapted to make it more mobile and its movements less predictable.  The presence of Sentinelle soldiers, their speed and efficiency ensured that the death count was not bigger,  police union official Stephane Battaglia told Reuters. ",1
18567,Islamic State claims Marseille knife attack that killed two people,"CAIRO (Reuters) - An Islamic State militant was responsible for a knife attack at a Marseille train station in southern France that killed two women on Sunday, the group s Amaq news agency said. ",1
18568,Over 840 people injured in Catalonia during referendum: Catalonia regional government,"MADRID (Reuters) - Some 844 people have been injured in disturbances across Catalonia on Sunday, the regional government said, as riot police clashed with people who had gathered for a banned referendum on the region s independence from Spain. ",1
18569,"Pro-independence groups, unions call for general strike Oct. 3 in Catalonia","MADRID (Reuters) - Pro-independence groups and trade unions in Catalonia have called for a general strike in the northeastern Spanish region for Oct. 3, La Vanguardia newspaper reported citing the head of the group Omnium Cultural Jordi Cuixart. Catalonia s economic output is worth around a fifth of Spain s total gross domestic product and the region has an economy around the size of that of Chile. ",1
18570,Barca closed soccer stadium to show support for Catalan voters: Bartomeu,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu said the club decided to play Sunday s game against Las Palmas behind closed doors to show opposition to police violence against voters in Catalonia s independence referendum and not over safety concerns. La Liga leaders Barca s 3-0 win at an empty Nou Camp came on the day Catalan officials said that more than 760 people were injured in clashes between police and people trying to vote in the referendum, which the national government declared illegal. Barca tried to have the game postponed but were told by La Liga that there were no grounds to do so in the interests of safety. If Barcelona, who have won their opening seven league games of the season, had postponed the match without the league s consent they would have been docked six points.  This (playing without fans) was a measure to show our rejection of what took place today,  Bartomeu told television network BeIn Sports.  This is not a security issue, the police gave us permission to play, but we wanted to show that this game was different because of everything that is happening in Catalonia and the lack of liberty we have been suffering from.  We decided that instead of postponing the game, which is what we wanted, we d play behind closed doors. That way we show our concern for the situation and send our support to those who have been unable to exercise the right to freedom of expression.  Police hit people with batons, fired rubber bullets into crowds and forcibly removed would-be voters from polling stations in actions that were condemned internationally but described by the government as  proportionate . The referendum has pitched the country into its deepest constitutional crisis in decades and deepened a centuries-old rift between Madrid and Barcelona.  If we hadn t played we d have lost six points, three for the result and three as a punishment,  added Bartomeu.  There was no reason for us to lose points, all our fans should appreciate that we showed our disagreement with what happened.  Barca are five points clear at the top of La Liga. Barcelona defender Gerard Pique broke down in tears in a post-match interview and indicated he did not want to play after Sunday s events in Catalonia.  The board tried to postpone the game through every means possible and came down to the dressing room to take a decision with us,  Pique said.  Today has been a very tough day, probably the hardest since I ve been a professional. My opinion counts for little and in the end we all agreed to play.  La Liga and Las Palmas wanted to play, and we had to think about the points, but I understand everyone who has criticised us for playing.  Pique was also critical of the Spanish government and Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy for their handling of the referendum.  The government s policies are some of the worst we have seen for 40 or 50 years. All they have done is separate Catalonia and Spain ever more. I m sure there will be consequences,  said Pique. ",1
18571,"Under pressure, PM May says she can steer Britain through Brexit","MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Apologizing for losing her Conservative Party s majority at a June election, Prime Minister Theresa May responded to her critics on Sunday by saying she had the right strategy to lead Britain and win a Brexit deal. May, who has faced calls from within her party to step down, wants to use the Conservatives  annual conference in the northern English city of Manchester this week to try to reset her agenda, offering money to students and those people she once described as  just about managing  in Britain. In an interview with BBC television, she dismissed talk of  rifts among top ministers, saying they were united on their program and more importantly Brexit. That came a day after foreign minister Boris Johnson, perhaps May s biggest rival, set out four personal red lines in the complex talks with the EU. But with thousands of protesters just outside the conference center gates demanding Britain stay in the European Union, May has a long way to go to unite not only her governing party, but also the country after last year s divisive referendum vote.  We ve listened to the message that came from that (June) election. But I ve been very clear, I called the election, I led the campaign, I take my responsibility and I m sorry that some very good members of parliament lost their seats,  May said in an appeal to those party members still angry over the vote.  What I have is a cabinet that is united in the mission of this government ... and agreed on the approach that we took in Florence,  May said about a speech she made in Italy last month to try to kick-start Brexit talks that had all but stalled.   Boris is absolutely behind the Florence speech and the line that we have taken.  Arriving at the conference, Johnson was quick to say he was loyal to the prime minister. But he has yet to comment further on his four red lines, which include a transition period of no longer than two years, that he set out on the eve of the conference in what his critics said was a clear move to pressure May. Minster after minister appealed for unity from a party deeply disillusioned by the June election, with several saying the only way to win back voters was to challenge the growing appeal of the main opposition Labour Party directly.   I think one of the problems we have at the moment and what kind of rankles with me a little bit is that we have got to stop talking about the party,  trade minister Liam Fox told an event.  The party needs to stop talking about the party and start talking more about the country.  Following a bullish Labour conference last week, May hopes to fire up thousands of Conservative party members who feel let down by a disastrous election campaign, when their leader was dubbed by critics  the Maybot  for her repetition of slogans. May is now dependent on a small Northern Irish party for a majority in parliament, and opinion polls indicate Labour is a growing threat, persuading rivals in the party not to try to topple her quite yet. On her 61st birthday, she unveiled new policies to extend a program to help people buy their own homes and to freeze student tuition fees to try to win back younger people, who have flocked to Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. She offered Brexit supporters a promise that she would walk away if she could not get a good deal, saying the government was working on plans for a  no deal ; and tried to keep pro-EU campaigners onside by saying she wanted an agreement. May s ally and effective deputy Damian Green said he was confident she could lead the Conservatives into the next election in 2022 and criticized those fuelling leadership speculation that hampers  a job not just for the party but more importantly for the government and the country . But May has a long way to go to win over doubters.  If you run any organization ... and something goes monumentally wrong, as did the election ... then the buck does have to stop with that individual,  said Grant Shapps, former Conservative Party chairman.   The reality is, every serious person knows, of course she can t lead us into the next election.  ",1
18572,There was no independence referendum in Catalonia today: Spain PM,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s northeastern region of Catalonia failed to hold an independence referendum on Sunday, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said, after more than 760 people were injured in clashes between police and voters during a ballot Madrid said was illegal. The people of Catalonia had been tricked in to taking part in the banned vote, Rajoy said, adding that the referendum was a strategy by the regional government against legality and democratic harmony and was a  path that leads to nowhere.  Rajoy thanked security forces for upholding the law and doing their job. He also called to meet with all Spanish political parties to discuss the country s future following the referendum.  ",1
18573,Venezuela blasts Spain's Rajoy over 'repression' in Catalonia,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro on Sunday slammed his Spanish counterpart Mariano Rajoy for trying to halt a banned independence referendum in Catalonia, saying the conservative leader was a hypocrite for supporting Venezuela s opposition while cracking down on dissent at home.    Spain has been a vocal critic of leftist Maduro, accusing him of undermining Venezuela s democracy and plunging the country s 30 million people into suffering due to food and medicine shortages.    Maduro seized on the images of Spanish riot police bursting into polling stations across Catalonia on Sunday, confiscating ballot boxes and voting papers, as evidence that it is Rajoy who lacks democratic credentials.  Spanish riot police burst into polling stations across Catalonia on Sunday, seizing ballot boxes and voting papers to prevent a banned referendum on a split from Spain. Some 761 people were injured in clashes with riot police, the regional government said.         Who is the dictator?  said Maduro at the start of his hours-long Sunday television show.     Mariano Rajoy has chosen blood, sticks, blows, and repression against a noble people. Our hand goes out to the people of Catalonia. Resist, Catalonia! Latin America admires you,  added Maduro. Venezuela s opposition, in turn, accused Maduro of hypocrisy in attacking Rajoy, saying the Venezuelan leader violently clamped down on four months of protests demanding humanitarian aid, early elections, and respect for the opposition-led Congress. ",1
18574,"Gibraltar very concerned by violence in Catalonia, chief minister says","MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Gibraltar is very concerned by violence in Catalonia after Spanish riot police burst into polling stations and seized ballot papers to prevent a banned referendum on a split from Spain, the chief minister of  the Rock  said. Police hit people with batons, fired rubber bullets into crowds and forcibly removed would-be voters from polling stations in actions that were condemned internationally but  were described by the government as  proportionate . The referendum, declared illegal by Spain s central government, has thrown the country into its worst constitutional crisis in decades and deepened a centuries-old rift between Madrid and Barcelona. Catalan officials said over 460 people had been injured in the police crackdown and the Spanish Interior Ministry said 12 police had been hurt.   I am very concerned to see violence in the streets of our neighbouring nation,  Chief Minister Fabian Picardo told Reuters in an interview at the Conservative Party conference in the northern English city of Manchester. Gibraltar, a tiny British enclave on Spain s southern tip, is dubbed  the Rock  because of its famous cliff-faced mountain. Spain claims sovereignty over the territory it ceded to Britain in 1713.  Spain s Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis last month said Gibraltar was an anachronistic colony that had no place in the modern world.  The claim by Spain to the land that I call my home is anachronistic and remnant of a bygone era,  Picardo said.  But anyone who visits Gibraltar realizes it is far from anachronistic - it is modern, it is digital, it is thrusting and it is prosperous.  Residents of the territory voted overwhelmingly to remain part of the EU in last year s Brexit referendum. Gibraltar  wants London to negotiate a  special status  with the EU for it after the British exit. ",1
18575,At least eight dead amid Cameroon Anglophone protests,"BUEA/BAMENDA, Cameroon (Reuters) - Soldiers shot dead at least eight people and wounded others in Cameroon s restless English-speaking regions on Sunday during protests by activists calling for its independence from the majority Francophone nation, an official and witnesses said. The demonstrations - timed to take place on the anniversary of Anglophone Cameroon s independence from Britain - came as a months-old movement against perceived marginalization by the Francophone-dominated government gathered pace.  The protests, which began late last year, have become a lightning rod for opposition to President Paul Biya s 35-year rule. Donatus Njong Fonyuy, mayor of the town of Kumbo, said five prisoners were killed at around 6 a.m. (0500 GMT) after the jail where they were being held caught fire.   We don t know what caused the fire in the prison ... But five prisoners were killed by soldiers. Two were wounded by bullets and are at the hospital,  he told Reuters, adding that another two civilians were also injured. In other incidents in Kumbo, soldiers shot and killed a demonstrator and wounded two others who had raised the blue and white flag of the Ambazonia separatist movement in the town. Another woman was killed inside her home, Fonyuy said, without giving further details. Police and army officials were not immediately available to comment on the shootings.  We won t use violence unless there is major cause. There are numerous risks, even terrorist risks. We re keeping calm,  a security source, who declined to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to journalists, said earlier in the day. Writing on his official Facebook account, President Biya condemned the violence.   Let me make this very clear: it is not forbidden to voice any concerns in the Republic. However, nothing great can be achieved by using verbal excesses, street violence, and defying authority,  he said.  Cameroon s divide has its roots in the end of World War One, when the League of Nations divided the former German colony of Kamerun between the allied French and British victors.  Authorities had banned all gatherings of more than four people, ordered bus stations, eateries and shops to shut and forbade movement between different parts of the English-speaking regions ahead of the protests. The government also ordered Cameroon s border with Nigeria closed for the weekend. Access to popular social media and messaging apps, including Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp, was disrupted from Friday. Communications Minister Issa Tchiroma Bakary on Sunday threatened to shut any media outlets giving a voice to separatists, saying they  must not encourage those who advocate division, who want to destroy and destabilize our country . Businesses were shuttered in the regions  main cities, Buea and Bamenda, where military helicopters circled overhead. The security deployment included troops from the Cameroonian army s Rapid Intervention Brigade, a unit that typically fights Islamist Boko Haram militants in the country s north. One protester was killed on the edge of Buea as security forces attempted to block pro-independence marchers from entering the city, three witnesses said.  Hundreds nevertheless slipped through the countryside to get around the blockade and into the city, where security forces used teargas to try to stop them from marching on the regional governor s office.  A Reuters witness also heard gunfire, though it was not clear whether the shots were targeting protesters or being fired in the air.  The military, which is supposed to protect lives and property, has turned into our greatest nightmare,  said one Buea resident, who asked not to be identified out of fear of reprisal.  In Bamenda, where a bomb attack blamed on separatists wounded three policemen last week, young men brandishing improvised secessionist flags clashed with security forces who attempted to disperse them with teargas.  Thousands of government supporters meanwhile marched in Douala, Cameroon s main port city and its commercial hub, voicing their opposition to calls for independence or more autonomy for the Anglophone regions.   We are here ... to reject sectarianism, to condemn all kinds of hate, all forms of violence carried out under any pretext whatsoever,  Justice Minister Laurent Esso told the pro-government crowd. ",1
18576,Britain worried by violence in Catalonia but says vote was not constitutional: Johnson,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Britain is worried by violence during a banned referendum in Spain s northeastern region of Catalonia but sees the vote as unconstitutional, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Sunday.  We are obviously worried by any violence but clearly the referendum, as I understand it, is not constitutional so a balance needs to be struck,  Johnson told Reuters.  We hope very much that things will calm down.  ",1
18577,Britain's Boris Johnson says completely loyal to PM May,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said he was completely loyal to Prime Minister Theresa May on Sunday. When asked if he was completely loyal, he told Reuters:  Yes. Yes of course.  ",1
18578,Port in Libya's Benghazi reopens after three-year closure due to clashes,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Benghazi s commercial port officially reopened on Sunday after a three-year closure due to fighting between rival factions in the east Libyan city. To mark the opening Abdullah al-Thinni, prime minister of a government based in the east, arrived on board a tanker sent from the eastern city of Tobruk. The port does not export oil, but imports gas and some petroleum products as well as general cargo, and local costs for these would be reduced by the port s reopening, port spokesman Nasser Al-Maghrabi said.      Today Benghazi port opened and a tanker from Tobruk entered as a message to the world that the port is safe and we are ready to receive tankers,  port manager Abdulazim Al-Abbar said by telephone.  Until now we have not received notification of tankers arriving for exports and imports - for now we are starting up and waiting.    Like Benghazi s airport, the port had been closed since 2014 because of a conflict between forces loyal to eastern-based commander Khalifa Haftar and an alliance of Islamists and other opponents. Haftar declared victory in early July, though isolated skirmishes continued. Benghazi airport reopened in mid-July. ",1
18579,Afghan security forces killed in 'friendly fire' incident,"LASHKAR GAH, Afghanistan (Reuters) - An airstrike by the Afghan Air Force on a checkpoint in Gereshk district in the southern province of Helmand on Sunday killed around 10 members of the security forces and wounded nine others, officials said. The strike hit members of a special militia unit known as Sangoryan, who wear local clothes to blend into areas where the Taliban are active. Omar Zwak, a spokesman for the provincial governor, confirmed the incident but gave no details. The incident is the latest in a series of so-called  friendly fire  accidents in Helmand, the most recent in July when a U.S. airstrike killed a number of local police members during an operation in Gereshk district. In another incident, in June, at least three members of the Afghan Border Police were killed when a U.S. military aircraft opened fire on them during an operation in southern Afghanistan. Large parts of Helmand, Afghanistan s major opium-producing province, are in the hands of the Taliban. U.S. and Afghan commanders see air power as a vital weapon to prevent the area falling completely to the insurgents. Building up Afghanistan s own air power is a central part of President Ashraf Ghani s four-year strategic plan and the Afghan Air Force has steadily bolstered its capacity to provide logistical support to ground forces as well as air strikes. But one consequence has been an increase in the number of unintended casualties caused by accidents. According to U.N. figures published in July, there was a 43 percent increase in the number of civilian casualties caused by U.S. and Afghan airstrikes in the first half of the year. ",1
18580,Chastened Merkel faces pressure to embrace Macron on Europe,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel faced pressure at the weekend to embrace ideas by French President Emmanuel Macron in a passionate appeal for closer European cooperation and push back in looming coalition talks against parties critical of them. Merkel has praised a speech Macron gave in Paris last week, in which he urged European countries, shaken by years of financial crisis and Britain s Brexit vote, to press ahead with closer integration by harmonizing their asylum, defense and economic policies. But weakened by the worst election result for her conservatives since 1949 and forced into difficult coalition negotiations that could drag on for months, she must convince potential partners like the Free Democrats (FDP), who have been critical of Macron s European ideas, to compromise with France. Some German media expressed concern at the weekend about whether Merkel would be prepared to set aside her cautious instincts and take the political risks at home that may be necessary for Berlin to meet Macron halfway. They contrasted Macron s rousing speech and staunchly pro-European campaign with Merkel s passive re-election race, in which she barely mentioned Europe and was criticized by other parties for avoiding serious discussion about the challenges facing Germany.  Merkel cannot hide behind the FDP. She can t use their euroskepticism as an excuse to rebuff Macron,  German weekly Der Spiegel said in an editorial.  She realizes what an impression Macron made in Germany by speaking passionately about his European ideas,  said the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper.  And she knows that the absence of fervent speeches like this has left a vacuum in Germany for which she is to blame.  The criticism came as the FDP appeared to soften its tone ahead of coalition talks with Merkel s conservatives and the pro-European Greens. In an interview with the Bild am Sonntag (BAMS) newspaper, FDP leader Christian Lindner called Macron a  godsend  and echoed his language about the need to focus on a common vision, rather than get bogged down in areas of disagreement.  We should not focus on red lines, but rather on common horizons,  Lindner said when asked about Macron s calls for deeper euro zone integration, an area the FDP views with scepticism.  Macron is a godsend. More cooperation in crime fighting, the military, asylum, energy and digital is within reach,  added Lindner, who is seen as a top candidate to replace Wolfgang Schaeuble as finance minister, a position with major influence over European policy. His comments came days after the number two figure in the party, Wolfgang Kubicki, described Macron s speech as  sensational  and voiced support for his ideas for a common army and asylum policy. But both Lindner and Kubicki made clear that they remain skeptical about Macron s proposals to create a separate budget and finance minister for the 19-nation single currency bloc. At a summit of EU leaders in Tallinn last week, Merkel said her top priorities were to move forward on the creation of a single digital market and a common asylum policy in the EU. Only after that, she said, should the bloc tackle the controversial issue of euro zone reform.  Germany has two overarching challenges now: to give a broad vision of where it wants to go in Europe and to formulate what will give to get there,  Daniela Schwarzer, research director at the German Council on Foreign Relations, told Reuters.  Macron has spelled out sacrifices. Now it is up to Germany. And above all it is up to Merkel to take the lead, to say what she wants.  ",1
18581,Anti-government chants ring out on anniversary of Ethiopian festival deaths,"BISHOFTU, Ethiopia (Reuters) - Hundreds of people chanting anti-government slogans marched in the central Ethiopian town of Bishoftu on Sunday at a religious festival where a stampede triggered by a police move to quell protests killed dozens of people last year.     The incident during the annual Irreecha festival in Bishoftu, which lies 40 km (25 miles) south of the capital Addis Ababa, marked the bloodiest period in unrest that plagued the Horn of Africa country for months in 2015 and 2016.     Authorities at the time said 55 had died in the stampede, while dissidents put the toll at around 150. On Sunday, thousands of people attended the thanksgiving event that marks the end of the rainy season, a majority clad in red, black and white attire - the Oromiya region s flag.     Although the lakeside event ended without any violence, anti-government slogans rang out soon after the ceremony began.      Down, down EPRDF!  dissidents chanted in small groups as they marched towards the town s centre, referring to Ethiopia s ruling party.     Earlier in the week, the regional government announced that police presence would be minimal and that those attending would not hold arms to prevent tensions.     The violence in 2015 and 2016 forced the government to impose a nine-month state of emergency that was only lifted in August.     The unrest was provoked by a development scheme for the capital Addis Ababa and turned into broader anti-government demonstrations over politics and human rights abuses.      It included attacks on businesses, many of them foreign-owned, including farms growing flowers for export.     In April, a government-sanctioned investigation said 669 people had been killed during one period in the violence and more than 29,000 people arrested.     The violence in Oromiya, the largest and most populous region which surrounds Addis Ababa, and to a lesser extent in the Amhara province north of the capital, cast a shadow over Ethiopia, where a rapid industrialisation drive has created one of Africa s fastest growing economies. ",1
18582,"Britain will leave EU single market, customs union as one nation-minister","MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Britain will leave the European Union, its single market and customs union as one nation, its minister for Northern Ireland said on Sunday, dashing any hope the region could keep such close economic ties to avoid any return of a hard border. At a speech at the Conservative Party s annual conference in Manchester, northern England, James Brokenshire drew applause when he said:  We will leave the European Union in 2019 as one United Kingdom. That includes leaving the single market and the customs union so that we can strike new trade deals with the rest of the world.  Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar called last month for the EU and Britain to find  unique solutions  to their Brexit logjam, including a bespoke customs union. That would solve the problem of a hard border in Ireland once Britain has left the EU, something that is of great concern to Dublin. ",1
18583,Over 460 people injured in Catalonia during referendum: Barcelona mayor,"MADRID (Reuters) - More than 460 people have been injured in disturbances across Catalonia on Sunday, the Barcelona mayor said, as riot police clashed with people who had gathered for a banned referendum on the region s independence from the rest of Spain.  As mayor of Barcelona I demand an immediate end to police charges against the defenseless population,  Ada Colau said in a statement.  In a separate statement, the Catalan health service said 465 had been hurt, with two in serious condition in hospital.    ",1
18584,Catalan leader accuses Spain of 'unjustified violence' in referendum crackdown,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalan regional leader Carles Puigdemont accused Spanish authorities of using  unjustified, disproportionate and irresponsible  violence in a crackdown on a Catalan independence referendum on Sunday. The batons, rubber bullets and violence used by Spanish police to prevent voting in what Spanish authorities have said was an illegal referendum had shown a  dreadful external image of Spain , he told reporters.  The unjustified, disproportionate and irresponsible violence of the Spanish state today has not only failed to stop Catalans  desire to vote ... but has helped to clarify all the doubts we had to resolve today,  he said. ",1
18585,Pro-business parties try to hem German Greens in with red lines,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The premier of Germany s most populous region warned that the Green party would have to step back from some of its environmentalist red lines if it wanted to join a mooted three-party coalition led by conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel. Armin Laschet, premier of the industrial heartland state of North Rhine-Westphalia, said in an interview with Handelsblatt newspaper that his and Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) would not do a coalition deal at any price. Earlier, Christian Lindner, leader of the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), the likely third coalition partner, had also said the Greens would need to sacrifice a commitment to environmentalist subsidies and accept tax cuts. With a  Jamaica coalition  of the conservatives (black), the FDP (yellow) and the Greens the most plausible coalition after last Sunday s national vote, the parties that enjoy the overwhelming support of Germany s business community rushed to hem in the leftist Greens with red lines.  A Jamaica coalition agreement must make clear that there will be no de-industrialization,  said Laschet, whose state is home to one of Germany s largest concentrations of heavy industry. The Greens  wish for fixed target dates for banning polluting combustion engines or coal-fired power stations would harm industry, he added. Lindner, whose party is popular among the family businesses traditionally seen as the backbone of the German economy, told mass-selling paper Bild am Sonntag that he would be happy to accept a tax-cutting Green as finance minister.  It would be fine to have a Green finance minister who cuts the tax burden on the middle classes,  said Lindner, seen as one of the leading candidates for the key finance job in a Jamaica coalition. The Greens voted on Saturday to start exploratory talks on a deal, indicating that they would like to see a softening of the FDP s tough line on immigration. Laschet said talks on a post-election three-way deal, the first in Germany since the 1950s, could last into next year, though he hoped for a deal before January. ",1
18586,World Food Program seeks 75 million dollars for Rohingya crisis,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh (Reuters) - The World Food Program (WFP) appealed on Sunday for 75 million dollars in emergency aid over the next six months to help alleviate the suffering of Rohingya Muslims fleeing violence in Myanmar. Since August 25th, hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims have fled their homes in majority Buddhist Myanmar, overwhelming aid agencies in neighbouring Bangladesh.  The bottom line? This is a deplorable situation. This is as bad as it gets. We need 75 million for the next six months,  David Beasley, WFP executive director, told reporters after visiting refugee camps in Bangladesh near the Myanmar border.  I say we can end world hunger with a few billion dollars. I tell donors, if you can t give us the money, stop the wars,  added Beasley, whose U.N. agency is the main humanitarian organisation battling hunger worldwide. The United Nations is currently seeking 200 million dollars from donors to help tackle the crisis among the Rohingya Muslims. ",1
18587,Soldiers kill six in Cameroon amid secessionist protests: mayor,"BAMENDA, Cameroon (Reuters) - Cameroonian soldiers killed six people and wounded six others on Sunday in the town of Kumbo during protests by activists calling for independence for English-speaking regions of the central African nation, the town s mayor said.    Donatus Njong Fonyuy told Reuters that the dead included five prisoners who were shot after a fire broke out at the town s jail. A demonstrator was later killed by the soldiers when he tried to hoist the flag of the Ambazonia separatist movement over the chief s palace. ",1
18588,Austrian chancellor pledges to get to the bottom of smear campaign,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s Social Democratic (SPO) Chancellor Christian Kern pledged on Sunday to get to the bottom of his party s connection to a smear campaign against the head of the main opposition People s Party two weeks before a parliamentary election. Austrian newspapers reported on Saturday that Tal Silberstein, a former SPO adviser dismissed this summer, was behind two websites making unsubstantiated allegations against Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz, whose People s Party is leading polls ahead of the Oct. 15 parliamentary election.  It matters to me that we gain full transparency on what happened. We decided to set up an internal task force to review what happened in a thorough and transparent way,  Kern told journalists at a press briefing in Vienna. SPO chairman Georg Niedermuehlbichler announced his resignation on Saturday over the matter. Kern said the SPO had stopped working with Silberstein on Aug. 17, including all money transfers, and that it was not clear why the activities attributed to him continued and even intensified after that date.   I am referring to anti-semitic propaganda that I reject with all my heart,  Kern said. Reuters has been unable to reach Silberstein for comment. Kern said he was also very interested in finding out who was behind leaked emails during the campaign that were aimed at harming him. He hinted that other political parties might be involved. The leader of the Green Party, Ulrike Lunacek, said in a statement that if Kern had indications that other parties were involved he should make them public. Herbert Kickl, secretary general of Austria s far-right Freedom Party (FPO), said in a statement Kern had  missed his chance to step down honorably  and was instead trying to present himself as a victim. ",1
18589,Turkey no longer needs EU membership but won't quit talks - Erdogan,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey no longer needs to join the European Union but will not unilaterally abandon the stalled EU accession talks, President Tayyip Erdogan told parliament on Sunday.  We will not be the side which gives up. To tell the truth, we don t need EU membership any more,  Erdogan said.  Turkey s 12-year-long accession talks have ground to a halt, with the EU especially critical of Ankara s crackdown following a failed coup last year. Tens of thousands of people including teachers and journalists have been detained. Erdogan s government says EU states failed to appreciate the gravity of the threat which Turkey faced, and did not respond to requests to extradite coup suspects.  The EU failed us in a fight against terrorism,  Erdogan said on Sunday, though he also suggested the bloc still needed Turkey.  If the EU is going to leap forward, there is only one way to do so. And it is to grant Turkey membership and start an action of cultural and economic growth,  Erdogan said. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said in an election debate last month it was clear Turkey should not join the EU and entry talks should end, despite it being a crucial NATO ally. ",1
18590,Colombia and ELN rebels begin first-ever ceasefire,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia and the Marxist ELN rebels began a ceasefire on Sunday aimed at generating goodwill during complicated talks to end a half-century war that has killed hundreds of thousands. The truce, the first with the National Liberation Army (ELN), will run through Jan. 9 and may be extended if it is respected.  This is a very important step, a step that I hope will be the first in a process that will also lead the ELN to hand in their weapons,  President Juan Manuel Santos said ahead of the armistice. The ELN is in talks in Ecuador to end its part in the conflict. Since negotiations began in February, the ELN has continued to take hostages for ransom and in recent weeks stepped up bomb attacks on oil companies. Defense Minister Luis Carlos Villegas warned that, although Colombia s military would avoid confrontations with the ELN during the ceasefire, it would go after the group if it engaged in criminal activities such as illegal mining and drug trafficking.     We ll respect the ceasefire in the sense that we won t confront the ELN, looking for contact and combat. We hope they do the same,  Villegas told Reuters in a recent interview.  Our mission to pursue crime will be maintained throughout the nation without exception.  Despite the ceasefire, the road to a definitive peace accord will be long and complex. The ELN is considered hard-line in its ideology and was not known for compromise during past attempts at peace. Inspired by the Cuban revolution and the Liberation Theology beliefs of the Catholic priests who founded it in 1964, the 2,000-strong ELN has sought an end to the war before, holding talks in Cuba and Venezuela between 2002 and 2007.  Both attempts collapsed with little progress. The ELN is considered a terrorist group by the United States and European Union for engaging in kidnapping, assassinations, drug trafficking, attacks on economic infrastructure and extortion of oil and mining multi-nationals. During the ceasefire, the insurgent group has pledged to suspend hostage taking, attacks on roads and oil installations, the use of landmines and the recruitment of minors. In turn, the government agreed to improve protection for community leaders and conditions for about 450 jailed rebels. Santos s government signed a peace deal with the larger Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) in 2016 after negotiations in Havana, Cuba that lasted four years. ",1
18591,"First ""I do"" as same-sex marriage comes to Germany","BERLIN (Reuters) - Same-sex couples married in Germany for the first time on Sunday, with several dozen couples tying the knot at civil registry offices that opened specially to mark the coming into force of a law passed by parliament in June. Among them were Karl Kreile, 59, and Bodo Mende, 60, who became Germany s first married gay couple, exchanging vows at the town hall in the Berlin borough of Schoeneberg on Sunday after 38 years together.  Yes, I do,  said Kreile, to applause from guests, before kissing his new husband. They then signed the marriage certificate. Later, guests feasted on a rainbow-colored wedding cake decorated with the slogan  Marriage for all . Speaking after the ceremony, Mende called for Germany and the European Union to do more to promote gay rights across Europe. Especially in more conservative regions of eastern Europe, acceptance of gay rights is still minimal.  We don t need to look far, just to the neighbor countries where the situation is more disturbing,  he said, an apparent reference to Poland and others where same-sex marriage is still not allowed. Earlier, he had described the campaign to achieve equal marriage in Germany as  25 years of hard struggle . Germany s parliament approved marriage equality in June after Chancellor Angela Merkel chose to make the vote a matter of conscience, freeing her Social Democrat coalition partners and many of her conservative lawmakers to vote for it.  Rights organizations say more needs to be done to achieve full equality. It is still impossible for children born into a lesbian couple to have both parents as a legal mother. Kreile and Mende, who registered their civil partnership 15 years ago, shortly after it became legal to do so in Germany, first tried to marry a quarter of a century ago.  I remember how it felt when we went to the registry office in Berlin Charlottenburg to request marriage,  said Kreile, describing a publicity-raising campaign he and his partner had participated in.  The official was nice, and so were the couples before and after us in the line, telling us:  We understand what you want.  But afterwards I still had to feel a sense of shame. I felt discriminated against, being sent out again,  he added. Some technical problems remain. The government s registry software recognizes only opposite-sex marriages and will only be updated next year. Until then, even same-sex couples will be recorded as  husband  and  wife . ",1
18592,"Match North Korea overture with Iran offer, Germany tells U.S.","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany welcomed U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s announcement that he was  probing  opportunities for dialogue with North Korea about its nuclear weapons program and called for Washington to take a similar step with Iran. German foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel also warned in a statement that going back on a nuclear deal with Iran signed by former U.S. President Barack Obama would risk undermining Washington s credibility in negotiating with North Korea. In 2015, Tehran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in return for the loosening of economic sanctions that had crippled its economy. But U.S. President Donald Trump has called the deal  an embarrassment  and Washington said last month it was weighing whether to pull out of it. Germany, one of the few Western countries with a permanent embassy in Pyongyang, has advocated peaceful approaches to de-escalating tensions on the Korean peninsula and criticized some of Trump s more bellicose rhetoric regarding the potential nuclear flashpoint.  This is exactly the right direction. North Korea would be well advised to take this offer of talks seriously.  Gabriel said on Sunday of Tillerson s announcement. He added:  I would like to see a similar offer for Iran. If the U.S. canceled its nuclear deal with Iran, that would undermine the credibility of its offer to North Korea.  ",1
18593,"U.S. directly communicating with North Korea, seeks dialogue","BEIJING (Reuters) - The United States said on Saturday it was directly communicating with North Korea on its nuclear and missile programs but Pyongyang had shown no interest in dialogue. The disclosure by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson during a trip to China represented the first time he has spoken to such an extent about U.S. outreach to North Korea over its pursuit of a nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missile.  We are probing so stay tuned,  Tillerson told a group of reporters in Beijing.   We ask:  Would you like to talk?  We have lines of communications to Pyongyang. We re not in a dark situation, a blackout.   He said that communication was happening directly and cited two or three U.S. channels open to Pyongyang.  We can talk to them. We do talk to them,  he said, without elaborating about which Americans were involved in those contacts or how frequent or substantive they were. The goal of any initial dialogue would be simple: finding out directly from North Korea what it wants to discuss.  We haven t even gotten that far yet,  he said. Trying to tamp down expectations, the State Department said later there were no signs Pyongyang was interested in talks.  North Korean officials have shown no indication that they are interested in or are ready for talks regarding denuclearization,  department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement.  Tillerson previously had offered little detail about U.S. outreach. On Sept. 20, he acknowledged only  very, very limited  contact with Pyongyang s U.N. envoy. When asked about Tillerson s assertion and what communication there might be between Pyongyang and Washington, a spokesman for the North Korean mission to the United Nations said he  can t go further into detail.  Tillerson s remarks followed a day of meetings in Beijing, which has been alarmed by recent exchanges of war-like threats and personal insults between North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and U.S. President Donald Trump.  I think the whole situation s a bit overheated right now,  Tillerson said.  I think everyone would like for it to calm down.  Obviously it would help if North Korea would stop firing off missiles. That d calm things down a lot.  South Korean officials have voiced concerns that North Korea could conduct more provocative acts near the anniversary of the founding of its communist party on Oct. 10, or possibly when China holds its Communist Party Congress on Oct. 18. North Korea is fast advancing toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. It conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3 and has threatened to test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific.   U.S. officials including Tillerson say Beijing, after long accounting for some 90 percent of North Korea s foreign trade, appears increasingly willing to cut ties to its neighbor s economy by adopting U.N. sanctions. Tillerson said China s more assertive posture was due to its realization that North Korea s nuclear and missile capabilities had advanced too far.  I think they also have a sense that we re beginning to run out of time and that we really have to change the dynamic,  Tillerson said. The goal of the sanctions would be getting North Korea s Kim to view nuclear weapons as a liability, not a strength.  Still, the U.S. intelligence community does not believe Kim is likely to give up his weapons program willingly, regardless of sanctions.   (Tillerson s) working against the unified view of our intelligence agencies, which say there s no amount of pressure that can be put on them to stop,  Senator Bob Corker told a hearing at the chamber on Thursday. Kim sees nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missiles as  his ticket to survival,  Corker said. Tillerson agreed that Kim s nuclear and missile programs were aimed at ensuring his own security, and renewed assurances that the United States did not seek to topple Kim s government.  Look, our objective is denuclearization (of North Korea),  he said.  Our objective is not to get rid of you. Our objective is not to collapse your regime.  It is unclear how and when any actual negotiations with Pyongyang might be possible.   White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said on Monday there were no set preconditions for talks. He added, however, that Pyongyang s capabilities were too far advanced to simply freeze its program in return for concessions. He also dismissed the idea of negotiating with Pyongyang even as it continued to develop its nuclear weapons program. Tillerson in March suggested the United States would only engage North Korea in negotiations once it gave up nuclear weapons.  But he acknowledged on Saturday that denuclearization would be an  incremental process.   You d be foolish to think you re going to sit down and say: OK, done. Nuclear weapons, gone. This is going to be a process of engagement with North Korea,  he said. Trump, who is due to visit China in November, has called for it to do more regarding North Korea and has promised to take steps to rebalance a trade relationship that his administration says puts U.S. businesses at a disadvantage. Chinese President Xi Jinping did not mention North Korea in his opening remarks while meeting Tillerson on Saturday. He instead offered warm words about Trump, saying he expected the U.S. president s visit to be  wonderful.    The two of us have also maintained a good working relationship and personal friendship,  Xi said in comments in front of reporters. ",1
18594,Hezbollah says Israel pushing region to war,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Hezbollah accused Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s government on Sunday of pushing the region to war in Syria, Lebanon and the Gaza Strip, and said nowhere in Israel would be safe if such a conflict were to erupt. Tensions have risen this year between Iran-backed Hezbollah and its arch enemy Israel, which last fought a major conflict in 2006. Israel has said it would use all its strength from the start in any new war with Hezbollah. In a speech to followers, Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said the Israeli government did not have  a correct assessment of where this war will lead if they ignite it , and did not know how it would end.  They do not have a correct picture about what is awaiting them if they go to the idiocy of this war,  Nasrallah said. Israel does not know where such a conflict would be fought, or who would take part, he added. Nasrallah said earlier this year that a future Israeli war against Syria or Lebanon could draw thousands of fighters from countries such as Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Yemen and Pakistan, and could take place inside Israel. Israel is concerned by Tehran s steadily increasing influence in the region during the six-year-old Syrian conflict, whether via its own Revolutionary Guard forces or the groups it backs, especially Hezbollah. Nasrallah was speaking on Sunday on the occasion of Ashura, when Shi ites commemorate the slaying of the Prophet Mohammad s grandson, the Imam Hussein, at Kerbala in 680.  He called on Jews who emigrated to Israel to  leave and return to the countries from which they came so they are not fuel for any war that the idiotic Netanyahu government takes them to . Were war to erupt, he said, they might not have long to leave.  They will have no secure place in occupied Palestine,  he said. Netanyahu said in August that Iran was building sites to produce precision-guided missiles in Syria and Lebanon, with the aim of using them against Israel. Tens of thousands of Shi ites wearing mourning black marched through the Hezbollah-controlled southern suburbs of Beirut to commemorate Ashura, when Hezbollah rallies supporters around its political causes. Men with boxes of tissues weaved through the crowds, handing them to those weeping in mourning.  All of these crowds are answering Nasrallah s call, Hussein s call, saying we are ready to give our selves and souls and blood and children and all we own in sacrifice to this religion,  said Deeb Hussein al-Annan, whose son was killed fighting for Hezbollah in Syria in 2014.  We are defending the cause and our existence [in Syria],  he added, holding a flag emblazoned with a picture of his son. The group s role in Syria is the focus of controversy in Lebanon. Hezbollah s opponents say it has dragged Lebanon into the conflict. Hezbollah says it has stopped extremist groups such as Islamic State from advancing into Lebanon from Syria. Nasrallah said the battle against Islamic State must continue  in every place to eliminate Daesh , using an Arabic acronym for the group. ",1
18595,Pope wears refugee ID bracelet in appeal for help for migrants,"BOLOGNA, Italy (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Sunday urged governments and people to do more to help migrants and not see them as enemies, wearing a plastic ID bracelet used by asylum seekers to drive home his message. Francis visited a drab refugee center on the outskirts of Bologna known simply as  The Hub . Run by a charity, it is home to about 1,000 asylum seekers, most of whom risked their lives crossing the Mediterranean from Africa and the Middle East. There, they live in gray containers and other forms of temporary housing while awaiting decisions on their asylum requests to be moved to other towns in Italy. Many of the refugees and migrants are without documents and all wear a plastic yellow bracelet. The pope wore one bearing his name and the number 3900003 on his right wrist. It was given to him by an African refugee.  Many who don t know you are afraid of you,  he told them as a light drizzle fell.  That makes them think they have the right to judge (you) coldly and harshly,  he said. He paid homage to those who  never arrived because they were eaten up by the desert or the sea . Some 600,000 impoverished migrants and refugees have arrived in Italy in less than four years. In that time, more than 13,000 have died trying to cross the Mediterranean. Francis, who has made defense of migrants and refugees a major plank of his papacy, also condemned internet trolling against foreigners, saying they had been subjected to  terrible phrases and insults.   If we look on our neighbors without mercy we risk that even God will look on us without mercy,  he said. The pope s defense of migrants, his second in less than a week, comes at a time of growing anti-immigrant sentiment in the United States and many European countries where far-right parties have made inroads.  Last week, the far-right, anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (Afd) party surged to third place in a national election, tapping into public disquiet over the arrival of more than a million migrants in Germany over the past two years. Francis called on more governments to facilitate initiatives backed by the private sector and community groups to set up  humanitarian corridors for refugees in the most difficult situations.  This was a reference to programs such as one run in Italy by the Rome-based Sant  Egidio peace community, which regularly brings into Italy refugees fleeing the civil war in Syria. Italy s anti-immigrant Northern League, whose base is in the regions just north of Bologna, has vowed to clamp down on migration from developing countries if it forms part of a coalition government after next year s elections.  ",1
18596,Yemen Houthis say have shot down U.S. surveillance drone - state news agency,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen s Houthi forces shot down a U.S. surveillance drone in the capital Sanaa on Sunday, the Houthi-controlled state news agency SABA reported. The Houthi movement and its ally former president Ali Abdullah Saleh control much of northern Yemen, including Sanaa, and are battling a Saudi-led coalition that is trying to restore the internationally recognized government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi. The United States backs the Saudi-led coalition by providing it with intelligence and weapons.   A military source said (Houthi) air defense shot down a U.S. MQ-9 surveillance drone in Jader area in the Sanaa province,  SABA reported. A Reuters photographer said the drone came down at around 11 am local time in a crowded area on the outskirts of the capital, but there were no reports of any casualties. The charred wreckage of the aircraft was carried out by the Houthis aboard a Toyota pickup truck.  The Bahrain-based U.S. Fifth Fleet did not immediately respond to a request for comment. More than 10,000 people have been killed in Yemen s civil war. It began in March 2015 when the Houthis advanced on Hadi s interim headquarters in the southern port city of Aden, forcing him to flee the country and seek Saudi help. The war has caused a humanitarian disaster in the country, where more than two million people have been displaced while around 750,000 are suspected to have been infected with cholera. ",1
18597,Tens of thousands march to defend Hong Kong's rule of law against China,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Tens of thousands marched in China-ruled Hong Kong on Sunday in an  anti authoritarian rule  march that called for the resignation of the city s top legal official over the recent jailing of young democracy activists. The march, an annual fixture over the past few years on China s October 1 National Day, comes at a time of nascent disillusionment with Hong Kong s once vaunted judiciary.  Without democracy, how can we have the rule of law,  the crowds yelled as they marched through sporadic downpours, from a muddy pitch to the city s harbor-front government headquarters. Organizers estimated about 40,000 people joined the march.   Many protesters, some clad in black, expressed dismay with Hong Kong s Secretary of Justice, Rimsky Yuen, who Reuters reported had over-ruled several other senior public prosecutors to seek jail terms for three prominent democrats: Joshua Wong, Nathan Law and Alex Chow.  We believe he (Yuen) has been the key orchestrator in destroying Hong Kong s justice,  said Avery Ng, one of the organizers of the rally that drew a coalition of some 50 civil and political groups. Around one hundred Hong Kong activists are now facing possible jail terms for various acts of mostly democratic advocacy including the  Umbrella Revolution  in late 2014 that saw tens of thousands of people block major roads for 79 days in a push for universal suffrage. While the October 1 march is a regular annual fixture, this was the first time the rule of law has been scrutinized like this, with the judiciary   a legacy of the British Common Law system   long considered one of the best in Asia and a cornerstone of Hong Kong s economic success.  It s like mainland (Chinese) laws have intruded into Hong Kong,  said Alex Ha, a teacher of classical guitar, who was walking alone in the crowd. The World Economic Forum s Global Competitiveness Index last week downgraded Hong Kong s judicial independence ranking by five spots to number 13 in the world. In response, however, Yuen stressed at the time that Hong Kong s judiciary remained strong and independent.  We cannot rely on subjective perceptions, we have to look at the facts,  he told reporters. Hong Kong, a former British colony, returned to Chinese rule in 1997 with the promise that Beijing would grant the city a high degree of autonomy and an independent judiciary under a so-called  one country, two systems  arrangement. But over two decades of Chinese rule, differences have deepened between Communist Party leaders in Beijing and a younger generation of democracy advocates, some of whom are now calling for the financial hub to eventually split from China.  Hong Kong s Chief Executive, Carrie Lam spoke of a need for unity during a speech to assembled dignitaries at a National Day reception to mark the 68th anniversary of the founding of the People s Republic of China by the Communists.  As long as we capitalize on our strengths, stay focused, seize the opportunities before us and stand united, I am sure that Hong Kong can reach even greater heights,  she said. ",1
18598,"Thirty-eight injured in police charges in Catalonia, say emergency services","MADRID (Reuters) - Emergency services have attended to 38 people injured in police charges as officers stormed voting stations to stop a banned referendum on independence from Spain in the northeastern region of Catalonia, the Catalan emergency services said on Sunday. Most of those people sustained slight injuries and three suffered more serious injuries, the Catalan services said on Twitter. ",1
18599,Syrian Observatory: Islamic State captures town from government,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported on Sunday that Islamic State fighters had captured a town in Homs province from government forces, part of a wider counter-attack by the jihadists as they come under intense pressure in eastern Syria. There was no comment from the Syrian army on the report that the town of al-Qaryatayn had fallen. The town is located some 300 km (190 miles) from Deir al-Zor city, the current focus of the Syrian government s campaign against Islamic State.  Syrian government forces and allied militia recovered Qaryatayn from Islamic State some six months ago. The Observatory said the jihadists had captured it in a surprise attack launched after their fighters had infiltrated the town. Islamic State has lost swathes of territory to the Russian-backed Syrian government and to U.S.-backed Syrian militias that are waging separate campaigns against the group s last major strongholds in Deir al-Zor province in eastern Syria. Islamic State fighters last week counter-attacked government forces and allied Iran-backed militias along the highway connecting Deir al-Zor city to Palmyra in central Syria, temporarily rendering the road impassable. Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, whose group is fighting in support of the Syrian government, said on Saturday that Islamic State counter-attacks were to be expected as the jihadists were besieged and incapable of recovering ground. The Syrian air force conducted intensive air strikes on Islamic State positions and fortifications in several locations, a Syrian military source said in a report circulated by state media on Sunday. It did not mention Qaryatayn. The source said dozens of Islamic State militants had been killed in the air strikes to the east of the town of al-Salamiya; to the east of the town of al-Sukhna, which is on a main road to Deir al-Zor; and in Deir al-Zor province itself.           ",1
18600,Tunisia rescues 140 migrants off its coast,"TUNIS (Reuters) - The Tunisian navy rescued 98 Tunisians fleeing to Europe when their boat started to sink off Kerkenah on the southeast coast late on Saturday, the national guard said.  Separately, the army said it had arrested 43 illegal migrants rescued from four boats off Zarzis, also on the southeast coast. Tunisia has been praised for its democratic progress after a 2011 uprising against autocrat Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali but successive governments have failed to create jobs for young people, some of whom head illegally to Europe to seek work. Tunisia arrested about 550 Tunisian and African migrants trying to sail to Europe in September, against only 170 in August, official data showed on Thursday. Human traffickers increasingly use Tunisia as a launch pad for migrants heading for Europe as Libya s coast guard, aided by armed groups, has tightened controls.  The water leaked to a boat carrying 98 migrants, when it was sinking, but the naval guard rescued them off the coast of Kerkenah,  Colonel Major Khelifa Chibani of Tunisia s national guard said. ",1
18601,Spanish police fire rubber bullets in Barcelona: media,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spanish police fired rubber bullets in a Barcelona street on Sunday in disturbances over a banned Catalan independence referendum, according to people quoted by El Periodico newspaper.  Several people report that the police fired rubber bullets  at the intersection of two Barcelona streets, the newspaper said on its website. ",1
18602,"'I am sorry,' British PM May says of botched election","MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said she was sorry her Conservative Party lost seats in June s snap election and pledged 10 billion pounds ($13.4 billion) of extra funding to help people buy new homes. May said she had listened to the message given by the election in which she lost her party s majority in parliament. Announcing changes that would make university graduates 30 pounds a week better off, May said the university fee repayment threshold would rise. ($1 = 0.7465 pounds) ",1
18603,British PM May says foreign minister Johnson supports her Brexit plans,"MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday her cabinet fully backed her approach to Brexit, including Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson. Johnson, a leading campaigner to leave the European Union in last year s referendum, has set out a number of demands in recent weeks over how Britain should leave the bloc that go beyond May s plans.  What I have is a cabinet that is united in the mission of the government,  May told BBC television.   Boris is absolutely behind the Florence speech and the line that we have taken,  she said in reference to a speech she made in Italy last month about her approach to Brexit.  ",1
18604,"Italy says to expel North Korea envoy over nuclear, missile tests","MILAN (Reuters) - North Korea s ambassador to Italy will be expelled from the country in protest over Pyongyang s recent nuclear and ballistic missile tests, Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano was quoted on Sunday as saying. However, Alfano also told Italian daily La Repubblica that Italy would not sever its diplomatic relations with North Korea because he said it was useful to maintain a channel of communication.  The ambassador will have to leave Italy,  Alfano said.  We want to impress on Pyongyang that isolation is inevitable if they don t change tack.  The minister added that Spain had similarly declared the North Korean ambassador in Madrid  persona non grata , while Portugal had severed diplomatic relations with Pyongyang. North Korea is fast advancing toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. It conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3 and has threatened to test a hydrogen bomb over the Pacific. On Saturday the United States said it was directly communicating with North Korea on its nuclear and missile programs but that Pyongyang had shown no interest in dialogue. ",1
18605,Disapproval rating for Japan PM Abe exceeds support: Kyodo poll,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The disapproval rating for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s administration exceeded that in favor, a survey by Kyodo news agency showed on Sunday, underscoring the headwind Abe faces as a fledging new party challenges his ruling bloc in this month s election. Abe called the general election hoping to keep his conservative Liberal Democratic Party-led coalition s majority in parliament s lower house, where it had a two-thirds  super  majority before dissolution. But his bet now looks increasingly shaky, given growing support for popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike s new  Party of Hope  and the opposition Democratic Party s move to have its candidates leave the party and run on her ticket. In a Kyodo survey conducted on Sept. 30 and Oct. 1, 46.2 percent of respondents said they did not support Abe s administration, exceeding 40.6 percent expressing support. According to the survey, 24.1 percent plan to vote for the ruling LDP in proportional representation districts in the lower house election on Oct. 22, versus 14.8 percent for Koike s new party. When asked whether they favored Abe or Koike as the next prime minister, 45.9 percent chose Abe while 33.0 percent picked Koike, the poll showed. Kyodo did not state the number of potential voters polled. ",1
18606,"Spain reluctantly forced to act in Catalan vote, official says","BARCELONA (Reuters) - The Spanish government was reluctantly forced to send in national police to stop a referendum on Catalan independence that had descended into farce, the top Spanish official in the northeastern region said on Sunday. The aim of the National Police and Civil Guard police who descended on polling stations in Catalonia was to seize election materials and they were not targeting people wanting to vote, Enric Millo, the Madrid government s representative in Catalonia, told a news conference.  We have been made to do something we didn t want to do,  he said. Referring to the Catalan government s announcement on Sunday that people would be allowed to vote at any polling station they found open in the region, Millo said:  It s all a sham, a farce. It is the first time in history that the rules of the game are changed 45 minutes before the start of voting.  ",1
18607,Catalan leader casts vote in banned independence referendum,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont cast his ballot in a banned referendum on independence from Spain on Sunday morning, images from TV3 television channel showed. He voted in the village of Cornella del Terri in the province of Girona, the regional government said, not in the village originally planned where police broke down the door of the voting station.   ",1
18608,Police break into voting station where Catalan leader due to vote,"SANT JULIA DE RAMIS, Spain (Reuters) - Spanish Civil Guard police in riot gear burst into a polling station minutes before Catalan regional leader Carles Puigdemont was due to vote in a referendum on Catalan independence from Spain that has been declared illegal by Madrid. Police used axes to smash a window at the sports center being used as a voting center and forced open the door in the province of Girona. Live TV pictures showed police with black berets and riot shields fanning out through the voting station, apparently searching for ballot boxes, while would-be voters, fists raised in the air, defiantly sang the Catalan anthem. Puigdemont had announced he would vote at the polling station near Girona at 0930 AM (0730 GMT), around the same time as the police entered, but there was no sign of him in the television footage. ",1
18609,Spanish police seize ballot boxes in Catalan referendum,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spanish national police began to seize ballot boxes and voting papers from Catalan polling stations, the Interior Ministry said, as some voters began casting ballots in Catalonia s disputed independence referendum on Sunday. Riot police clashed with voters outside a Barcelona voting station, where dozens of police used riot shields to push people back, a Reuters witness said. Would-be voters chanted  we are people of peace  and  we are not afraid . Half a dozen armored police vans and an ambulance stood ready nearby, the witness said.  Elsewhere in the northeastern region, some voting stations opened at 9 AM (0700 GMT) and people began to cast ballots. ",1
18610,Spanish national police deploy near Barcelona voting station: El Pais,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spanish riot police began to deploy in an area of Barcelona on Sunday shortly before polling stations were due to open in the disputed Catalan independence referendum, El Pais newspaper reported. A video on El Pais website showed helmeted riot police in a standoff with a group of angry voters near a voting station at a Barcelona school. Voters raised their hands and shouted  out . The National Police were deployed after the Catalan regional police did not close polling stations in line with a court order. ",1
18611,Catalan government says voters may use any polling station in referendum,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalonia s regional government said it would allow voters in Sunday s banned independence referendum to vote at any polling station they found open in the region, if their designated voting booth was closed. In a further step to make it easier to vote, voting slips printed at home will be accepted as valid, Jordi Turull, the regional government s spokesman told a news conference. After a court banned the vote, Spanish police arrested Catalan officials, seized campaign leaflets and sealed off many of the 2,300 schools designated as polling stations. ",1
18612,"Ballot boxes, voting papers appear at some polling stations for Catalan referendum","BARCELONA (Reuters) - Ballot boxes and voting papers were being set out at some voting stations in Catalonia in preparation for Sunday s planned referendum on splitting from Spain, local media said, despite Spanish authorities declaring the vote illegal. Catalonia s TV3 showed ballot boxes and voting papers ready at one polling station in a Barcelona suburb. La Vanguardia newspaper reported that the first ballot boxes had arrived in several centers. Voting is due to start at 9 A.M. (0700 GMT) but it is unclear if police will allow it to go ahead. ",1
18613,"Polish cut in retirement age comes into force, bucking European trend","WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland lowers its retirement age on Sunday, a costly election promise by the ruling conservatives which goes against a European trend of gradually increasing the pension age as people live longer and stay more healthy. Lowering the age to 60 for women and 65 for men is popular in particular among supporters of the governing right-wing Law and Justice (PiS) party, and reverses an increase to 67 approved in 2012 by the former centrist government. It is seen as having a limited immediate impact on the economy, which is booming, but might put pressure on state budgets in the future. The move comes at a time when unemployment in Poland has fallen to its lowest level since the transition from communism in the early 1990s, and could increase the pressure on wages which are already growing at their fastest pace in five years.  The Polish labor market faces increasingly limited access to workers,  said Rafal Benecki, a Warsaw-based economist covering central Europe at the ING Bank.  Poland s population of 38 million is among the most rapidly aging in the European Union.    The government is throwing away the most effective tool to increase the labor market participation rate,  Benecki said. The state pension agency ZUS has estimated that 331,000 people could decide to take advantage of the option to retire earlier, which would amount to 2.0 percent of Poland s 16.3 million workers. Economists and central bankers say the rising flow into Poland of hundreds of thousands of workers from Ukraine could reduce the pressure on wages. Labour ministry figures show that Polish employers requested over 900,000 short-term permits for Ukrainian workers in the first half of 2017, compared to 1.26 million in the whole of the previous year.  With the inflow of workers from Ukraine, so far the problem that some have foreseen - labor shortages, pressure on the labor market - is diminishing,  central bank Governor Adam Glapinski said in early September. The PiS government has estimated the cost of the retirement age reduction at about 10 billion zlotys ($2.74 billion) in 2018, roughly 0.5 percent of GDP. Since coming to power in 2015, the current government has sharply increased public spending to meet campaign pledges to help families and distribute the fruits of economic growth more evenly. Despite the increase in spending, the state budget posted the first surplus for the January-August period in more than two decades, mainly due to a government crackdown on tax evasion and because a new child benefit has fueled consumption. Economic growth reached 3.9 percent in the second quarter, but economists warn that the higher cost of pensions could cause problems if the economy slows.  I m worrying what will happen when the economic cycle turns,  said Marcin Mrowiec, chief economist at Bank Pekao.  We might wake up with wages above levels that firms can cope with and ... permanently higher budget spending on pensions.    ($1 = 3.6471 zlotys) ",1
18614,Merkel allies fret over former East Germany's rightward shift,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The premiers of two regions where the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party made big gains in Sunday s national election warned that Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives must change course to stop the former East Germany s rightward drift. Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) suffered big losses across much of Germany in the election, in which the AfD, with its anti-immigration message, became the first far-right party in the national parliament in over half a century. The calls for a rightward shift add to the challenge Merkel faces as she tries to assemble an already tricky three-party coalition including the left-wing Greens, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and her own increasingly fractious party. Prospects for a three-way pact nonetheless improved on Saturday when the Greens voted at a special congress to start exploratory talks on a deal despite reservations about the other parties  harder-line immigration policies. The AfD s surge prompted soul-searching within the conservative camp, with many blaming Merkel s 2015 decision to open the doors to over a million migrants fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa for the far-right s surge. The conservative premiers of Saxony, where the AfD topped polls, and of Saxony Anhalt called for the CDU to move to the right to stem the losses.  People want Germany to stay Germany,  said Stanislaw Tillich, premier of Saxony, in an interview with the Funke newspaper network.  They don t want parallel societies and rising criminality.  Rainer Haseloff, premier of Saxony-Anhalt, echoed this, telling newspaper Die Welt:  People want to know how Germany will preserve its identity.  These calls align the two influential state leaders more closely with the CDU s Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU), which wants a hard immigration ceiling. While both premiers stuck to Merkel s line that a firm upper limit would be impractical, their calls for the state to take a firmer hand with immigrants could strengthen the CSU s hand as the sister parties attempt to thrash out a common position ahead of coalition talks with the FDP and Greens. Some warn that a black (CDU)-yellow (FDP)-Green  Jamaica coalition , risks heightening a sense of alienation among voters in the former East Germany. Given the losses all three parties had suffered in the East,  a Jamaica coalition would be seen as a West German coalition in the east,  Green MP Canan Bayram said. But Merkel, in a podcast released on Saturday, warned against treating Germany s poorer east as a homogenous bloc.  We see these fears of globalisation, of anonymity, about old-age care everywhere, including in the west,  she said.  We have to get people listening, to win people over by solving their problems. That s my task.  ",1
18615,Catalans start to form queues to vote in independence referendum:  witnesses,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalans started to form queues to vote in an independence referendum early on Sunday morning in defiance of the Spanish government s attempts to prevent the vote, Reuters witnesses said. Lines of voters were starting to form at several designated polling stations in Barcelona schools.  The referendum has been declared illegal by Spain s central government and it was unclear if voting stations would be allowed to open at 9 A.M. (0700 GMT) as planned. ",1
18616,Convoy of Civil Guard police leave Barcelona port: Reuters witness,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - A convoy of around 30 Civil Guard police vans, unmarked vans and a truck filled with police officers left Barcelona port early on Sunday morning, a Reuters witness said, as lines of voters began forming at polling stations to vote on independence from Spain. Thousands of police have been shipped in from all over Spain to prevent the banned referendum taking place. ",1
18617,"Thailand says closely watching Myanmar crisis, ready to provide aid","BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s foreign ministry, in a rare statement on an ongoing crisis in neighboring Myanmar s Rakhine state, said late on Saturday that it was  closely following the situation  and would provide aid to the governments of Myanmar and Bangladesh. Violence erupted in Rakhine last month when Rohingya militants attacked security posts, triggering a crackdown by the Myanmar army. More than half a million ethnic Rohingya - a mostly Muslim minority who are denied citizenship by Myanmar - have fled to Bangladesh since then. Those who fled accuse Myanmar s army, backed by Buddhist mobs, of a brutal killing campaign. The United Nations has described as ethnic cleansing a sweeping government offensive in the north of Rakhine State in response to those attacks.  Thailand is closely following the situation in the Rakhine State with concern,  the ministry said.  The Royal Thai Government has always placed great importance to providing care and protection to Myanmar displaced persons,  it added, pointing to some 100,000 refugees from Myanmar who live in nine camps along the Thai-Myanmar border. But many of those living in the camps are long-term residents who fled conflict decades ago. None are Rohingya, according to non-governmental organizations who work there. The Thai foreign ministry said its statement was in response to views raised by some human rights groups regarding Thailand s position on the unrest in Rakhine. Amnesty International last week said Thailand must not  push back  Rohingya fleeing violence and that it should provide refugees formal legal status and protection. Thailand does not recognize the status of any refugees or recognize the Rohingya as legitimate migrant workers. Thailand said it supported a statement on the issue by the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), a grouping of 10 nations. In the statement, ASEAN foreign ministers condemned the attacks on Myanmar s security forces and  all acts of violence which resulted in loss of civilian lives . Malaysia, an ASEAN member, disassociated itself from the statement, saying it misrepresented issues relating to the exodus of hundreds of thousands of Rohingya. So far,  none of the affected victims from the August unrest in Rakhine State have been found in Thailand,  the Thai foreign ministry said. ",1
18618,"U.S. accuses Iran, Venezuela of human trafficking failings","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Saturday it had ordered that Iran, Venezuela and four African nations be added to a U.S. list of countries accused of failing to crack down on human trafficking, a step that further isolates them from the United States.  The White House said it also was increasing restrictions on North Korea, Eritrea, Russia and Syria, which already were on the list, by constraining them from engaging in educational or cultural exchange programs with the United States. In addition, President Donald Trump s administration instructed the U.S. executive director of the International Monetary Fund and U.S. executive directors at other multilateral development banks to vote against extending loans or other funds to North Korea, Russia and Iran for fiscal year 2018, which begins on Sunday. Under a 2000 U.S. law called the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, the United States does not provide non-humanitarian, non-trade-related foreign assistance to any country that fails to comply with minimum standards for eliminating trafficking and is not making efforts to do so. The White House said in a notice that Iran, Venezuela, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Equatorial Guinea, South Sudan and Sudan had been added to the list of countries subject to these restrictions for the new fiscal year. The move came six days after Trump included Venezuela and Iran on a list of eight countries targeted for travel restrictions to the United States. The restrictions on Venezuela focused on government officials who the Trump administration blamed for the country s slide into economic disarray. The travel ban on Iranians was broader. That travel ban list lifted previous restrictions on citizens from Sudan. ",1
18619,Brazil's Lula extends lead in 2018 vote despite graft conviction: poll,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Former Brazilian President Luiz In cio Lula da Silva extended his lead in the run-up to the 2018 presidential election despite a corruption conviction that could bar him from running, a poll showed on Saturday. The Datafolha survey published in the Folha de S.Paulo newspaper showed Lula winning at least 35 percent support from those polled in a first-round vote, up from about 30 percent in a June poll. Two potential competitors, former environment minister Marina Silva and right-wing congressman Jair Bolsonaro, trailed with 13 percent to 17 percent of voting intentions. Lula would beat all potential contenders in a runoff vote, the poll said, expect in an unlikely contest against Sergio Moro, the judge who convicted him of corruption in July. Moro has repeatedly denied being a candidate. Millions of Brazilians were lifted from poverty during Lula s 2003-2010 presidency. Many detractors blame him for a political graft that flourished under the Workers  Party, calling his bribery conviction the end to his political career. Lula may not be eligible to run if his conviction is upheld by a higher court. Datafolha showed 26 percent of voters would vote for a candidate endorsed by Lula in such a scenario.  Sao Paulo state governor Geraldo Alckmin and Sao Paulo city mayor Joao Doria, both from the Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB), had 8 percent of voting intentions each. Lula was found guilty last month and sentenced to nearly 10 years in prison for accepting 3.7 million reais worth of bribes from engineering firm OAS, the amount of money prosecutors said the company spent refurbishing a beach apartment for Lula in return for his help winning contracts with state oil company Petroleo Brasileiro. He also faces other graft charges. ",1
18620,Catalans prepare to defy Madrid in banned independence vote,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Catalans are expected to defy Spanish authorities and attempt to vote in a banned independence referendum on Sunday, raising fears of unrest in the wealthy northeastern region. The referendum, declared illegal by Spain s central government, has thrown the country into its worst constitutional crisis in decades and raised fears of street violence as a test of will between Madrid and Barcelona plays out. In a sign of how the planned vote has polarized the country, thousands of pro-unity demonstrators gathered in Spain s major cities, including Barcelona, to express their fierce opposition to Catalonia s attempt to break away. In the region itself, hundreds of supporters of the referendum spent the day with their children playing football, board games and ping pong in schools, traditionally used as voting stations in Spain, to keep them open until voting starts at 9 a.m. (0700 GMT) on Sunday. The government said just a small percentage of schools were occupied, however, and that it had verified that most of the more than 2,300 earmarked for the vote were closed. In those where they gathered, parents brought sleeping bags and prepared to bed down on gym mats.  We don t understand why we can t express in a peaceful manner the simplest expression of democracy - a vote,  said Pablo Larranaga, as he stood in a school in Barcelona surrounded by parents and small children.  We don t know what is going to happen tomorrow. We are going to try to vote in the only way we know, which is peacefully.  It is still unclear whether the referendum will go ahead despite the regional government s assertions that it will proceed and Madrid s insistence that it will block the move. The ballot will have no legal status as it has been blocked by Spain s Constitutional Court and Madrid for being at odds with the 1978 constitution.  A minority of around 40 percent of Catalans support independence, polls show, although a majority want to hold a referendum on the issue. The region of 7.5 million people has an economy larger than that of Portugal. However much voting takes place, a  yes  result is likely, given that most of those who support independence are expected to cast ballots while most of those against it are not. Police monitored schools earmarked as polling stations and occupied the Catalan government s communications hub on Saturday in an effort to prevent the referendum from going ahead. The Catalan police, or Mossos d Esquadra, who are monitoring the schools, are held in great affection by the Catalan people, especially after Islamist attacks in the region in August that killed 16.  But thousands of extra police have been sent to the region in order to enforce a court order banning the referendum, many of whom are billeted in two ships in the port.  A Spanish government source said it would be up to police how they carried out orders to remove people from polling stations on Sunday. The head of the Catalan police on Friday urged officers to avoid the use of force. Organizers urged voters to arrive at 5 a.m. (0300 GMT) at polling stations and to wait in line until the schools opened. Voters must show peaceful resistance to police action, organizers said.  We must be sure there are lots of people present of all ages,  they said in instructions disseminated on social media. Any volunteer staffing a voting station with use of a census listing eligible voters would be liable for a fine of up to 300,000 euros, the government source said. Thousands of pro-unity demonstrators waving Spanish flags filled the central square outside the seat of the regional government and Barcelona city hall. One man burnt the Catalan flag while a group tried to tear down a banner reading  More democracy  hanging from the front of the town hall to cheers from the crowd.  In the capital Madrid, hundreds gathered waving the national flag and chanting  Spanish unity  and  Don t fool us - Catalonia is Spain . Many balconies in the capital are draped with the red and yellow Spanish flag. ",1
18621,"Weak columns, extra floors led to Mexico school collapse, experts say","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A Mexico City school that collapsed in a powerful earthquake last week killing 19 children buckled under the heavy weight of floors added over the years with scant steel support, according to experts and witnesses.    The tragedy at the privately owned Enrique Rebsamen school in southern Mexico City, in which seven adults also died, has become a symbol of the devastation inflicted by the country s 7.1 magnitude quake, the worst in a generation. At least 355 people died in the capital and surrounding states.     The building was badly designed, poorly calculated and poorly constructed,  said Alfredo Perez, a 52-year old civil engineer who dashed to the school shortly after the Sept. 19 quake to help rescue efforts.  The reinforced concrete doesn t comply with specifications in construction regulations.    Alongside rescue workers, Perez said, he pulled bodies from the rubble. Then he sat in one of the undamaged classrooms and drew plans detailing potential design failures in the collapsed building.    Reuters showed those plans to six structural engineers along with Reuters  photos of the ruined structure. They independently concluded that the structure s columns lacked sufficient steel rebar to support all four floors and prevent them from snapping in such a powerful earthquake.   While the quantity of steel required under Mexico s stringent post-1985 building code varies depending on the size of structure, all six engineers said the building s columns were built with too little steel to withstand strong quakes.  Perez and another engineer specified that columns appeared to have less than half the required amount of steel reinforcement. They base their view on the number of vertical and horizontal steel rebar rods in the columns, which are visible in Reuters photos along with the measurements in Perez s plans.  It comes down to the lack of steel,  said Troy Morgan, a New York-based senior managing engineer at Exponent, an engineering consulting firm.    Since a 1985 quake toppled hundreds of buildings in Mexico City, planning officials developed a strict building code at the forefront of international standards for quake-proofing that raised the proportion of required steel reinforcement.   Reuters was unable to locate or contact the school s owner and principal, Monica Garcia. Teachers, current and former students and their families all said she had been at the premises during the quake and survived.   Reuters was unable to identify the builder. A spokesman for the Tlalpan district where the school was located said property owners are not required to notify authorities of the builders or architects they used for modifications. The spokesman said the district had no record of the builder that worked on the new floors at the school. People living by the school said they did not know who had done the work.   The Mexico City urban development department did not respond to requests for comment on whether the inspectors who certified the school had proper licenses or any history of complaints.    Although the school was founded in 1983, before the new code took effect, the administrative building that buckled was expanded from two to four floors over the last decade or so, neighbors and former students said.   Photos published by Google Maps show the building had four floors as of 2009 with an expansion of the top floor by 2014 and a further expansion in 2016.     It definitely did not comply with the post-1985 code,  said Eduardo Miranda, a civil and environmental engineering professor at Stanford who collected statistics on buildings that collapsed in Mexico s 1985 earthquake, citing the code, photos and plans.   Construction permits released by local authorities dated in 1983 and 1984 authorized a four story structure at the school site. The top two floors were added much later, meaning the existing structure should have been brought up to modern standards, according to Mexico City s construction code.  The engineers who studied the photos and plans said the existing building had not been visibly reinforced.   Mexican prosecutors said they had opened a probe into potential criminal responsibility of the owner and private inspectors for the collapse. Prosecutors also said they had opened an investigation in February into whether the school had the proper zoning permits to operate.     Luis Felipe Puente, coordinator of Mexico s Civil Protection department, told Reuters that local officials, the construction company and the owner of the property could all be held accountable if any violations were discovered.    One inspector, Juan Apolinar Torales Iniesta, gave the buildings its most recent safety certificate in June according to documents filed with the local government, which released them publicly.  Torales did not respond to requests for comment sent to telephone numbers and emails listed in a government database. At Torales  government-registered address, a man refused to identify himself and said the registered architectural engineer did not live there.  Claudia Sheinbaum, Tlalpan district mayor, filed a criminal complaint on Thursday accusing two prior attorneys for the district Alejandro Zepeda and Miguel Angel Guerrero of maliciously failing to enforce the law after discovering unpermitted construction between 2010 and 2014 on the upper floors.    What we ve found is truly outrageous,  she said, referring to a document dated Nov. 8, 2013 by the Tlalpan public works department that described demolition work on the upper floors causing structural damage to the building. Despite that document, which she made public and was reviewed by Reuters, the school was allowed to keep operating with a small fine, Sheinbaum said   Guerrero did not immediately respond to requests for comment sent to his email address. Zepeda did not respond to a message sent to his Facebook account.   All six engineers said the addition of two floors dangerously loaded down the building, given its lack of steel support.      If it was kept at two levels, it would have not collapsed...it would not have caused so many deaths,  said Casey Hemmatyar, managing director at Pacific Structural and Forensic Engineers Group, a consultancy firm in Los Angeles.    Based on the position of the ruins, the school lurched as much as 18 feet (5.5 m) towards the street before collapsing, a sign of weak columns, said Geoffrey Hichborn, chief engineer at Building Forensics International, a concrete consulting firm in Anaheim, California.   Mexico City s government has not completed its own analysis, and Sheinbaum said the rubble would be left in place for engineers to investigate.  Documents published by Sheinbaum on Tlalpan district s website, including building inspection reports and closure orders from the district s attorneys, show that officials ordered fourth-floor construction to be halted at several points between 2010 and 2014 because it lacked proper permits.   Sheinbaum s complaint filed Thursday refers to these documents and others filed with the district to say the irregularities were never resolved.     No evidence or documents exist that allow the conclusion that these irregularities were corrected,  the complaint said. Reuters was unable to independently confirm whether or not corrective measures were taken. ",1
18622,"Syrian army, allies seize more of Jordanian frontier: report","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies seized control of nine positions at Syria s border with Jordan, expanding their control at the  southern frontier, a military news outlet run by the Lebanese group Hezbollah said on Saturday. The captured border positions were located to the southeast of Damascus, the report said, adding that militants had been killed and wounded during the attack. It did not identify the insurgents, or say when the positions had been captured. Hezbollah, an Iran-backed Shi ite group, is fighting in support of the Syrian government, which is making rapid territorial gains against insurgents in southern and eastern Syria.       ",1
18623,Hezbollah says Kurdish vote a step toward wider Mideast partition,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The powerful Lebanese group Hezbollah said on Saturday that an Iraqi Kurdish independence vote marked a first step toward the partition of the Middle East, warning that this would lead to  internal wars  and must be opposed. Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, head of the Iran-backed group, said events in northern Iraq, where Kurds overwhelmingly voted for independence on Monday, were a threat to the whole region and not just Iraq and neighboring states with Kurdish populations.  It will open the door to partition, partition, partition,  Nasrallah said. He added that  partition means taking the region to internal wars whose end and time frame is known only to God . Nasrallah noted that his group s arch enemy Israel had come out in support of Kurdish statehood and described the referendum as part of a U.S.-Israeli plot to carve up the region. The United States came out in opposition to the vote, along with major European states and neighboring countries Turkey and Iran. The government of Syria, where Kurdish groups have established autonomous regions, also opposed the referendum. Nasrallah was speaking to supporters on the eve of Ashura, when Shi ites commemorate the slaying of the Prophet Mohammad s grandson, Imam Hussein, at Kerbala in 680 AD. Hezbollah, a political and military movement, is a major player in the Syrian conflict, where it has deployed thousands of fighters in support of President Bashar al-Assad. Hezbollah fighters are currently fighting along with other Iran-backed militias and the Syrian army against Islamic State militants in eastern Syria.  Daesh is at its end. It is a matter of time in Iraq and Syria,  Nasrallah said, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State. He said counter attacks mounted by Islamic State in eastern Syria in the last two days were expected as the group was besieged, adding that it was  incapable of recovering ground . ",1
18624,Air France flight with engine damage makes emergency landing in Canada,"(Reuters) - An Air France flight from Paris to Los Angeles made an emergency landing in eastern Canada on Saturday after one of its four engines sustained  serious damage  over the Atlantic, the airline said. Air France Flight 66, originating at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport, landed at Goose Bay in Labrador at 1542 GMT, the airline said, and no one was hurt in the incident.   The regularly trained pilots and cabin crew handled this serious incident perfectly,  the airline said in a statement. The aircraft involved in the incident was an Airbus 380 that was about seven years old, according to airfleets.net, an aircraft database. The engine was made by Engine Alliance, a joint venture between General Electric Co and United Technologies Corp s Pratt & Whitney unit.       The forced landing in Canada s easternmost province is reminiscent of an incident seven years ago in which one of the Rolls Royce engines on a Qantas A380 suffered mid-engine damage after taking off in Singapore. The November 2010 incident prompted the grounding of the entire Qantas A380 fleet   six A380s at the time   for over three weeks. Photographs taken by passengers aboard the Air France flight circulated on the internet soon after the aircraft landed. The images appeared to show that the inlet, or front part, of the engine had torn off, but the main part of the engine was intact.  Rick Engebretsen, one of the passengers, wrote a Twitter message saying he had heard a loud thud and felt vibration while in the air. It was not immediately clear how the engine became damaged. Airbus was not immediately available for comment. Engine Alliance said in a statement that it was looking into  reports of an issue  involving one of its engines. Officials with the Transportation Safety Board of Canada could not immediately be reached for comment on Saturday. The airline said it was making arrangements to send the plane s passengers to their destination of Los Angeles. Aircraft on trans-Atlantic flights commonly use Goose Bay Airport in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador for emergency fueling stops.  ",1
18625,Pyongyang shown no interest in talks: State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea has shown no interest in pursuing talks on its nuclear and missile programs, the U.S. State Department said on Saturday after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson acknowledged the United States was communicating directly with Pyongyang.  North Korean officials have shown no indication that they are interested in or are ready for talks regarding denuclearization,  spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement. ",1
18626,Spain says most potential voting stations for Catalan vote closed,"MADRID (Reuters) - Most public buildings that were intended to be used as polling stations in Sunday s disputed referendum on Catalan independence have been closed, Spain s Interior Ministry said on Saturday. Only  some  potential voting stations were being occupied by people bent on obstructing police efforts to enforce a court order barring public buildings from being used for Sunday s planned vote, the ministry said in a statement. ",1
18627,"'Not appropriate,' envoy tells Britain's Boris over Kipling poem in Myanmar","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s ambassador to Myanmar was forced to interrupt Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson earlier this year as he tried to recite a nostalgic colonial poem by Rudyard Kipling in public during a visit to the country s most famous Buddhist site. Johnson, who helped lead the Leave campaign in the 2016 Brexit referendum, is caught on camera starting to recite Kipling s poem, Mandalay, after striking a bell at the Shwedagon pagoda in Yangon.   The temple bells they say,  Johnson says in television footage by Channel 4.  Come you back, you British soldier.  As Johnson continues with his recitation of the poem which  celebrates a soldier s love affair with a local woman during Britain s colonial rule of what was then known as Burma, the ambassador tenses.  You re on mic. Probably not a good idea,  British ambassador Andrew Patrick said.  What, The Road to Mandalay?  Johnson asked.  No. Not appropriate,  the ambassador said.  Johnson replied  good stuff  and then started to take photographs of the scene with his telephone camera. A spokeswoman for the Foreign Office declined to comment.  Prime Minister Theresa May s appointment of Johnson, who in the run-up to Britain s referendum on EU membership compared the goals of the European Union to those of Adolf Hitler and Napoleon, caused consternation in European capitals. In recent weeks, Johnson has attempted to set out his vision of Britain outside the European Union. ",1
18628,Top Austrian Social Democrat steps down over election smear campaign,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The number 2 figure in Austria s ruling Social Democratic Party has said he is resigning over a smear campaign against the main conservative party s leader, adding to a sense of disarray on the centre-left of politics weeks before a parliamentary election. The Social Democrats had denied having any connection with two websites making unsubstantiated allegations against 31-year-old Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz, who took over the conservative People s Party (OVP) in May. Since Kurz took up his post, his party has topped the opinion polls. But Austrian newspaper Die Presse and weekly magazine Profil reported on Saturday that a former adviser to the Social Democrats who was dismissed this summer was originally behind the sites and that they had been kept in operation. At a hastily convened news conference on Saturday, Georg Niedermuehlbichler, the Social Democrats  chairman and campaign manager, said that until recently he had been unaware of any connection with the websites. Although the party never paid for or commissioned the websites, he said, he had discovered that one member of his staff had been aware of work on them.  It is my duty as election campaign manager to ensure that such things do not happen. They happened. I will therefore assume the consequences as campaign manager and as party chairman,  he said. Niedermuehlbichler s resignation adds to the troubles of a party that is now competing with the far-right Freedom Party for second place in the polls, well behind Kurz s OVP, ahead of a parliamentary election on Oct. 15. The Social Democrats remain deeply divided over whether to consider forming coalitions with the Freedom Party, having recently lifted a self-imposed ban on working with them. The Social Democrats are also at loggerheads with the OVP, in a country where parties rarely have enough votes to govern alone. The Freedom Party said Niedermuehlbichler s resignation was not enough and that the party leader, Christian Kern, should also step down.  Niedermuehlbichler appeared to blame Tal Silberstein, an Israeli political adviser who worked for the party until recently, for the websites. Profil and Die Presse also reported that he was originally behind them. The Social Democrats dismissed Silberstein in August after he was detained and questioned in Israel along with billionaire businessman Benny Steinmetz in a fraud investigation.  The events after that showed that this decision was right in every aspect, if too late. Evidently there were then activities that I could not imagine happening to that extent,  Niedermuehlbichler said.  It was certainly a big mistake to hire Tal Silberstein,  he added. Shortly before Niedermuehlbichler s announcement, tabloid daily Oesterreich published an interview with Silberstein in which it said he had declined to comment on the allegations about a smear campaign but said the party was right to sack him. On Saturday, Israel was observing Yom Kippur, when the country effectively shuts down for a day. ",1
18629,Thousands of anti-Catalan independence protesters gather in Barcelona,BARCELONA (Reuters) - Thousands of demonstrators waving Spanish flags demonstrated in Barcelona on Saturday in favor of Spanish unity and against a referendum on independence for Catalonia planned by regional authorities for Sunday. The chanting crowd filled a square in central Barcelona that houses the headquarters of the Catalan regional government as well as the city council. ,1
18630,Iraqi PM presses case for Baghdad to receive Kurdistan oil revenue,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Saturday pressed the case for the central government in Baghdad to receive the income from Kurdistan s oilfields, saying the money would be used to  pay Kurdish civil servants. Seeking to control the oil income from the autonomous Kurdish region is central to Abadi s strategy after the Kurdish referendum on independence held on Monday. The Kurdistan Regional Government said it plans to use the vote, which delivered an overwhelming yes for independence, as a mandate to seek the peaceful secession of the Kurdish region through talks with Abadi s government. Abadi, who rejects any talks with the Kurds on independence, wrote in a tweet:  Federal government control of oil revenues is in order to pay KR (Kurdistan Region) employee salaries in full.  No other statement was forthcoming from the government. It was not clear whether Baghdad had had any success in taking control of oil income from the Kurdish region in the north of Iraq, which for years has kept oil revenue and paid Kurdish civil servants. Abadi on Thursday said Turkey had told Iraq it would deal only with the Iraqi government on crude oil exports. Iraqi Kurdish crude oil is exported to world markets through a pipeline to  Turkey s Mediterranean coast.  Baghdad imposed a ban on direct international flights to  the Kurdish region on Friday.   ",1
18631,Dozens arrested during neo-Nazi march in Sweden,"GOTHENBURG, Sweden (Reuters) - Dozens of people were arrested on Saturday as neo-Nazis and anti-fascists clashed with police during a march by the extreme right-wing Nordic Resistance Movement (NMR) in Gothenburg, Sweden on Saturday, police said.  The NMR gathered hundreds of people for the march. Membership in Nazi organizations is not illegal in Sweden and the NMR had a permit from the police to march. Swedish police said on their website that at least 20 people had been apprehended, and that one police officer had been slightly injured. A police spokesman later told Swedish state television SVT that an additional 10 people had been arrested. The police anticipated violence and had called in reinforcements from all police districts in Sweden and added 350 temporary jail beds in a police garage. ",1
18632,Tens of thousands march for abortion rights in Ireland,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of people marched in Dublin on Saturday to demand the loosening of some of the strictest abortion laws in the world ahead of a 2018 referendum on the issue. Abortion remains a divisive issue in once stridently Catholic Ireland, where a complete ban on the procedure was only lifted in 2013 to allow terminations in cases where the mother s life was in danger. In 2016 over 3,000 Irish women traveled to England for abortions, according to the British Department of Health, but activists say the real number is far higher. The government has promised to hold a referendum next May or June, but it has yet to decide exactly what question to put to the Irish people. The human rights arms of the United Nations and Council of Europe have pressed the government to decriminalize abortion and widen the law to allow for the procedure in cases of fatal fetal abnormality, rape or incest. But pro-choice activists want a more liberal regime, closer to that of England, which allows terminations to be carried out up to 24 weeks after conception. Opinion polls show a large majority of voters want some change.  Government ministers have suggested only the most restrictive terms will pass, but I think the people want more than that,  said Sarah Murphy, a 26-year-old recruitment professional.   Ireland is changing. I don t think you would have seen a march like this a few years ago,  she said.  Like many at the march she was wearing a black jumper with the word Repeal in white, a reference to a campaign to repeal the eighth amendment of the Irish constitution, which gives the unborn child equal rights to those of the mother.  A panel of citizens called together to advise government on the issue voted overwhelmingly that the eighth amendment should be changed.  An all-party committee in parliament is now considering those recommendations and is due to report to parliament by the end of the year. Some of the crowd, which marched across the city before assembling outside the office of Prime Minister Leo Varadkar, chanted  Get your rosaries off our ovaries  in reference to the influence the Catholic Church has long had on social policy in Ireland, while others held posters demanding  Repeal now.      The growing pro-choice movement is seen as a sign that the Catholic church, which has dominated Irish life for centuries, is continuing to lose influence.  Ireland was the first country to adopt gay marriage by popular vote in 2015, approving it by 62 percent to 38 percent despite the opposition of the church. ",1
18633,Air strikes in Syria's rebel-held Idlib kill 28: Observatory,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Overnight air strikes killed 28 people, including four children, in a village in rebel-held Idlib province, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Saturday. Rescue workers have said Syria and Russia have killed scores of civilians in air strikes that began after insurgents launched an offensive against government-held areas in the north west of the country on Sept. 19. The Russian and Syrian militaries say they only target militants and deny killing civilians. Dominated by the jihadist group formerly known as the Nusra Front, the Idlib region had seen a six month lull in air strikes until the latest escalation. However, the overnight air strike targeted the village of Armanaz a few kilometres (miles) from the Turkish border. The Syrian Civil Defence, a rescue service operating in rebel-held areas, put the preliminary death toll at 26. Turkey said this week that recent Russian bombing in Idlib had killed civilians and moderate Syrian rebels, saying this violated an agreement concluded with Iran and Russia. Turkey, Iran and Russia to create a  de-escalation  zone in Idlib. Under the agreement, Turkey will deploy troops in Idlib, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has said. ",1
18634,U.N. agrees international experts to probe Yemen war crimes,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations agreed on Friday to establish a group of eminent experts to examine all human rights violations commmitted in Yemen s war and to identify those responsible. In a last-minute compromise hammered out between Western powers and Arab countries, the U.N. Human Rights Council adopted by consensus without a vote a resolution which the Yemen delegation said it accepted.  A credible international investigation is necessary in order to comprehensively, transparently, independently and impartially establish facts and circumstances surrounding violations with a view to put an end to the cycle of impunity in Yemen,  the Dutch delegate told the forum on behalf of a core group of Western states. (This version of the story corrects second paragraph to say adopted without a vote, not with a vote). ",1
18635,"Kyrgyzstan accuses opposition MP of planning riots, coup","BISHKEK (Reuters) - Kyrgyzstan s state security service said on Saturday it had detained an opposition lawmaker just two weeks before presidential elections, and accused him of planning riots and a violent coup.   The GKNB security service said in a statement that deputy Kanatbek Isayev, a supporter of main opposition presidential candidate Omurbek Babanov, had conspired with criminal groups to orchestrate rioting during and after the Oct.15 vote. The impoverished Central Asian country, which is home to a Russian military airbase, has a reputation for political volatility after two previous presidents were toppled by violent riots. Incumbent leader Almazbek Atambayev, who has drawn Bishkek into Russia s orbit during his six years in power, is preparing to step down as the constitution bars him from seeking a second term at the helm of the nation of 6 million people.   Instead, Atambayev s Social Democratic party, which leads a parliamentary coalition, is backing his ally, former prime minister Sooronbai Jeenbekov. Babanov, also a former prime minister, could not be reached for comment on Saturday. A February-March poll by the United States  International Republican Institute showed Babanov was the most trusted politician in Kyrgyzstan and second only to Atambayev in terms of the proportion of people who viewed him favorably. ",1
18636,Protesters clash with police at Turin's G7 labor meeting,"MILAN (Reuters) - Anti-globalisation protesters clashed with police in the Italian city of Turin on Saturday in an attempt to reach the venue of a Group of Seven (G7) meeting on labor and employment. The demonstrators, mainly protesting against low-paid jobs and short-term contracts, failed to push past police blocking access to the Reggia di Venaria, a former royal residence on the outskirts of Turin, where labor ministers from the G7 advanced economies had gathered. Some hooded protesters threw firecrackers and smoke bombs at the police after failing to get through the cordon. The meeting, called to discuss the impact of digital technologies on labor, started on Friday and riots erupted overnight into Saturday in the center of Turin. ",1
18637,Turkey opens military base in Mogadishu to train Somali soldiers,"MOGADISHU/ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey opened its biggest overseas military base on Saturday in Somalia s capital, cementing its ties with the volatile but strategic Muslim nation and building a presence in East Africa. More than 10,000 Somali soldiers will be trained by Turkish officers at the base, a senior Turkish official said ahead of a ceremony in Mogadishu attended by Turkish military chief of staff Hulusi Akar. The opening of the $50 million base signals ever-closer ties between Turkey and Somalia. Turkey s relations with the Horn of Africa date back to the Ottoman Empire, but President Tayyip Erdogan s government has become a close ally of the Somali government in recent years. At the opening ceremony on Saturday, Somali Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khaire thanked the Turkish government for opening the training school and said it would help the government  reconstruct  its national force    not based on clan...not from a particular place, but well-trained forces that represent the Somali people.  He noted that the military school was Turkey s biggest overseas. The facility can train and house 1,000 soldiers at a time and also has sports courts and a running track. Erdogan, whose roots are in political Islam, is an outspoken defender of Muslims, particularly those in need of humanitarian aid, such as Syrian refugees and Myanmar s Rohingya.  Analysts say that, in the aftermath of the Arab Spring, as Turkey s foreign policy forays close to home have floundered, Ankara has found a willing partner in Somalia.   It s a country where Turkey could make a difference without necessarily having to compete with regional or global powers,  said Sinan Ulgen, a visiting scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. Ankara s initial focus on aid, as opposed to security assistance or overt backing of political parties, helped build trust, he added. Turkey s vast aid effort at the height of the 2011 famine endeared it to many Somali people, and it has continued to pour in aid, much of it from private companies. It has built schools, hospitals and infrastructure and provided scholarships for Somalis to study in Turkey. Erdogan has visited Mogadishu twice, and when he made his first trip there in 2011 he became the first non-African leader to visit the war-ravaged nation in 20 years. Rapidly growing trade between the two nations has followed. In 2010, Turkish exports to Somalia totaled just $5.1 million. By last year, they had ballooned to $123 million. In the space of six years Turkey has gone from Somalia s 20th-largest source of imports to its fifth-largest.  Turkey really has won the hearts and minds of Somali people,  Information Minister Abdirahman Omar Osman told Reuters this month.  Somalia s government has also been a vocal backer of the Erdogan government in its bid to quash Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen s influence abroad. The Somali cabinet immediately ordered schools and a hospital in Mogadishu linked to Gulen to be shut in the aftermath of last year s failed coup, which Erdogan has repeatedly blamed on the cleric. Gulen denies involvement. Somalia s government has a number of foreign backers, including the United Nations, the African Union, and the United States, who are assisting it in building a functional national army capable of taking on the fight against the militant al-Shabaab group. The militants were driven out of Mogadishu in 2010, but their deadly attacks remain one of the main obstacles to stability in the chaotic Horn of Africa country, which lies along one of the world s busiest shipping routes. The Somali government has praised Turkish investment for improving infrastructure in the country, and the information minister singled out Turkey s new move into security support.  We are very happy they are giving us modern facilities for our security forces,  he said.  This is something that Somalia has never seen even though countries like the U.S. and UK are giving us millions. The difference is the camp Turkey built is an institution that will remain for the next 50 or 100 years.  The Turkish official who spoke to Reuters before the opening said the base was in line with Ankara s priority of expanding its weapons sales  to new markets . ",1
18638,Saudi authorities pursue Twitter user over women's driving threat,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s public prosecutor issued an arrest warrant on Saturday for a Twitter user who called for anyone who supports women driving to be killed, days after a royal decree ended a long-time ban on women taking the wheel. The Twitter user, who was not named, was alleged to have referred to men who support women driving as  cuckolds who should be killed,  according to state-linked Asharq al-Awsat newspaper. The prosecutor s announcement comes two days after a separate arrest warrant was issued for a man who threatened in a video clip posted online to attack women drivers. Many Saudis welcomed Tuesday s announcement by King Salman lifting the ban by next year, but others expressed opposition online or in quiet conversations after decades of support for the policy by prominent clerics. In the statement, the prosecutor vowed to monitor for threats of abuse and pursue cases against those who  incite attacks against society and violations of the rights of others . ",1
18639,"Congo military plane crashes in Kinshasa, killing 12: minister","KINSHASA (Reuters) - A military cargo plane crashed in Democratic Republic of Congo s capital Kinshasa on Saturday, killing its 12 crew members, the defense minister said.     I confirm that a military aircraft crashed this morning,  said Defense Minister Crispin Atama Tabe.  All 12 members of the crew died.   According to an army officer who witnessed the incident, the cargo plane caught fire shortly after taking off from Kinshasa s N djili Airport and crashed in a nearby reserve controlled by the military s elite Republican Guard units. The officer, who asked not to be named, said that there were both Congolese and foreigners among the dead. An agent at Congo s aviation agency, also speaking on condition of anonymity, said the plane was an Antonov 12 destined for the eastern city of Bukavu.   It was not immediately clear if anyone was killed or injured on the ground. Soldiers prevented journalists from approaching the crash site, but billowing smoke could be seen from several kilometres away, a Reuters witness said. Air accidents are relatively frequent in Congo due to lax safety standards. All Congolese commercial carriers are banned from operating in the European Union.  ",1
18640,U.S. gets warm words from China's Xi ahead of Trump visit,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping offered warm words for U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday, calling him a friend and saying he expected Trump s visit to China in November would be  wonderful . China s relationship with the United States has been strained by the Trump administration s criticism of Chinese trade practices and by demands that Beijing do more to pressure North Korea to halt its nuclear weapons and missiles programs. Xi and Trump met for the first time in person at Trump s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida in April. Trump has since played up his personal relationship with Xi, even when criticizing China over North Korea and trade. Meeting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at Beijing s Great Hall of the People, Xi said he had enjoyed his meetings with Trump and that the two had made considerable efforts to push the development of China-US relations.   The two of us have also maintained a good working relationship and personal friendship,  Xi said, in comments in front of reporters.  I believe that President Trump s upcoming visit to China means an important opportunity for the further development of China-U.S. relations,  Xi added.  And I believe his visit will be a special, wonderful and successful one.  In comments later reported by China s Foreign Ministry, Xi added that cooperation was the only correct choice for both countries, whose common interests far outweighed their differences. Both countries must  on the basis of respecting each other s core interests and important concerns appropriately handle, via dialogue and consultations, differences and sensitive issues , the statement cited Xi as saying. Trump will travel to Asia in November for the first time since becoming president, stopping in Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines on a trip expected to be dominated by the North Korea nuclear threat. Tillerson told Xi that Trump and his wife Melania were looking forward to going to Beijing.  This is a relationship that continues to grow and mature on the strength of the relationship between yourself and President Trump. And we look forward to advancing that relationship at the upcoming summit,  he said. There was no mention of North Korea in comments made in front of journalists at any of Tillerson s meetings, which also included top diplomat State Councillor Yang Jiechi and Foreign Minister Wang Yi. China s Foreign Ministry, in separate statements on Tillerson s meetings with Yang and Wang, simply said they exchanged views on the situation on the Korean peninsula, without elaborating.  ",1
18641,"Turkey's Erdogan says Iraqi Kurdish authorities ""will pay price"" for vote","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan said on Saturday Iraqi Kurdish authorities would pay the price for an independence referendum which was widely opposed by foreign powers. Iraq s Kurds overwhelmingly backed independence in Monday s referendum, defying neighboring countries which fear the vote could fuel Kurdish separatism within their own borders and lead to fresh conflict.  They are not forming an independent state, they are opening a wound in the region to twist the knife in,  Erdogan told members of his ruling AK Party in the eastern Turkish city of Erzurum. Erdogan has built strong commercial ties with Kurdish authorities in northern Iraq, which pump hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil daily through Turkey for export to world markets.  We don t regret what we did in the past. But since the conditions are changed and the Kurdish Regional Government, to which we provided all support, took steps against us, it would pay the price,  he said. Turkey has repeatedly threatened to impose economic sanction, effectively cutting their main access to international markets, and has held joint military exercises with Iraqi troops on the border. However, after Erdogan said that Iraqi Kurds would go hungry if Ankara halted the cross-border flow of trucks and oil, it has said that any measures it took would not target civilians and instead focus on those who organized the referendum. Iraq s Defense Ministry said on Friday it plans to take control of the borders of the autonomous Kurdistan region in coordination with Iran and Turkey. Turkish Prime Minister Bin Yildirim, speaking on Saturday, did not refer specifically to those plans, but said Ankara would no longer deal with Kurdish authorities in Erbil.  From now on, our relationships with the region will be conducted with the central government, Baghdad,  he said.  As Iran, Iraq and Turkey, we work to ensure the games being played in the region will fail.  ",1
18642,China says U.S. should respect concerns on Taiwan,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The United States must respect China s concerns on Taiwan to avoid causing disturbances in Sino-U.S. ties, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told visiting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Saturday. China considers democratic Taiwan to be a wayward province and has never renounced the use of force to bring the island under its control. The United States has no formal ties with Taiwan but is bound by law to help it defend itself and is the island s main source of arms. China regularly calls Taiwan the most sensitive and important issue between it and the United States, and has been upset by U.S. moves to expand military exchanges with Taiwan and continued U.S. arms sales to the island. Wang explained China s position on the Taiwan issue and  demanded the U.S. side earnestly respect China s concerns, appropriately handle the relevant issue and avoid bringing disturbances to China-U.S. relations , China s Foreign Ministry said. It did not elaborate. Beijing s relationship with Taiwan has been frosty since President Tsai Ing-wen won election on the island by a landslide last year. China suspects that Tsai, who leads the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party, wants to declare the island s formal independence, a red line for Beijing. Tsai says she wants to maintain peace with China. In recent months the Chinese air force has conducted a series of drills around Taiwan, which have included bombers and advanced fighter jets, alarming Taipei. China has called the exercises routine and pledged to continue with them.  ",1
18643,Britain's Boris Johnson wants maximum two-year Brexit transition,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said a transition period from the European Union after Britain s exit from the bloc in March 2019 must not last more than two years. In an interview with The Sun newspaper on Saturday, on the eve of the governing Conservative Party s annual conference, Johnson detailed four  red lines  for Brexit that appear to go beyond the agreed position of Prime Minister Theresa May s cabinet. In addition to a two-year maximum transition, he said the UK should not accept new EU or European Court of Justice rulings during transition, must not make payments for single market access when the transition ends, and should not agree to shadow EU regulations to gain access. Johnson also again strayed from his Foreign Office brief. He said Britain s current national minimum wage of 7.50 pounds an hour, rising to 9 pounds by 2020, was  not enough , and called for public sector employees to get a pay rise, funded by layoffs. But he told the newspaper speculation about his leadership intentions had been  massively  overdone.  Am I impatient about it (Brexit), do I want to get it done as fast as possible? Yes, absolutely. Do I want the delay to go on longer than two years? Not a second more,  Johnson was quoted as saying in the tabloid newspaper. Some of Johnson s cabinet colleagues recently accused him of  backseat driving  on Brexit after setting out his vision for the UK s future outside the EU in a 4,300-word newspaper article just days before a key speech by the prime minister. In her speech in the Italian city of Florence on Sept. 22 May outlined a transition period of around two years of trading on the same terms, but no payments for single market access.  The crucial thing I want to get over to Sun readers about Brexit is that it is going to be great and we need to believe in ourselves and believe we can do it. It is unstoppable,  Johnson said in the article on Saturday. However, in an interview with The Times newspaper, Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson said that  over optimism  about Britain s future outside the EU  sells people short  and called for  serious people  to take charge of Brexit. At the Conservative party conference in Manchester, May will set out plans to build  a road to a better future  for Britain, hoping to head off a rebellion over her handling of Brexit and her poor showing in the June election.      ",1
18644,"U.S. ""probing"" to see if North Korea interested in dialogue: Tillerson","BEIJING (Reuters) - The United States is probing North Korea to see whether it is interested in dialogue and has multiple direct channels of communication with Pyongyang, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Saturday.  We are probing, so stay tuned,  Tillerson told a small group of reporters during a trip to China.  We ask: Would you like to talk? We have lines of communications to Pyongyang. We re not in a dark situation.   ",1
18645,Tokyo's Koike reaches deal with opposition party ahead of Japan poll,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, whose fledgling conservative party poses a growing challenge to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s ruling bloc, agreed on Saturday to cooperate in next month s election with a small party based in western Japan. The deal potentially broadens the geographic reach of Koike s new Party of Hope, formally launched just this week, ahead of the Oct. 22 poll. Abe called the election hoping to keep his conservative Liberal Democratic Party-led coalition s majority in parliament s lower house, where it had a two-thirds  super  majority before dissolution. But Koike has upended the political landscape with her new party and some Japanese believe she could become the country s first female premier. Koike and Osaka Governor Ichiro Matsui, who heads the small  conservative Japan Innovation Party, announced the deal to coordinate candidates in Tokyo and Osaka, western Japan, at a news conference with Hideaki Omura, governor of Aichi prefecture in central Japan and the head of a tiny local party.  In a situation where  Abenomics  is stalled, we must proceed with reform in each region,  Koike told the joint news conference in Osaka, referring to Abe s economic policies.  We have agreed to mutually cooperate in the coming election with those who share that aspiration,  she added. Koike s Party of Hope is already cannibalizing the failed main opposition Democratic Party, which in a stunning move this week decided to have its lower house members leave the party and run on her ticket. The party, a mix of conservatives and liberals, had struggled with rock-bottom support and defections. Koike, a former LDP lawmaker and defense minister, has said she would only take in those who agree with her conservative stance on security policies, leaving liberals out in the cold. Abe, for his part, is warning that Koike s new party would cause bring  confusion, not hope  and stressing that the LDP-led coalition is the only reliable choice at a time of rising tensions over North Korea s missile and nuclear arms programs.  North Korea has twice launched missiles over Japan,  he said in remarks carried by NHK public broadcaster.  We must join with international society to meet this threat.  Last year, Koike infuriated the LDP s Tokyo branch by running for governor without party approval. She defeated her LDP rival by a landslide and then led a novice local party to a historic win with the backing of Abe s junior coalition partner. ",1
18646,Turkish police arrest suspect in killing of Syrian activist,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police arrested a suspect on Saturday in the killing of a Syrian opposition activist and her journalist daughter in Istanbul, a police source said. Ahmet Barakat, a distant relative of the two women, was arrested in the city of Bursa, 90 km (55 miles) south of Istanbul, the source said, adding the motive for the killings was not known. The bodies of 60-year-old Orouba Barakat and her 22-year-old daughter Halla were found just over a week ago in their apartment in Istanbul s Uskudar neighborhood in the Asian side of Istanbul. Turkish media said Orouba Barakat was investigating reports of torture in prisons run by the Syrian government. It said she had initially lived in Britain, then the United Arab Emirates before coming to Istanbul. Hurriyet newspaper said Ahmet Barakat was arrested after a three-day operation. He was identified by CCTV footage and police were searching his house, the paper said. ",1
18647,Spanish police occupy Catalan tech hub before banned vote,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish police have occupied the Catalan government s communications hub on the eve of a banned independence referendum which Madrid is attempting to thwart, the regional authority said on Saturday. Tens of thousands of Catalans are expected to vote in a ballot that will have no legal status as it has been blocked by Spain s Constitutional Court and Madrid has sent thousands of police to the northeastern region to stop it taking place. But Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont told Reuters on Friday that the referendum would go ahead regardless.  Everything is prepared at the more than 2,000 voting points so they have ballot boxes and voting slips, and have everything people need to express their opinion,  Puigdemont said. On Saturday a Catalan government spokesman said at least four police officers had entered the center in Barcelona which controls the regional government s telecommunications and IT and were expected to stay there for two days. This followed an order by Catalonia s High Court on Friday for police to prevent electronic voting taking place. The court also instructed Google to delete an application it said was being used to spread information on the vote. Police and Spain s interior ministry did not confirm the action. The head of the Catalan regional police has ordered officers to evacuate and close polling stations by 6 a.m. on Sunday, before the voting is due to open at 9 a.m. At a closing rally for the independence campaign in Barcelona on Friday, people formed the slogan  Referendum is democracy  in large white letters on a stage in front of a cheering crowd, many draped in the red-and-yellow Catalan flag. Other Catalans camped out in polling stations in order to defy court orders to close them. ",1
18648,Spain seals off more than half schools earmarked for Catalan poll,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Spain s government said on Saturday police had sealed off 1,300 of 2,315 schools in Catalonia which had been designated as polling stations for a banned independence referendum. An official government source said 163 schools which have been earmarked as voting centers have been occupied by families. People supporting the referendum have camped out overnight in schools in an effort to prevent an order by the head of the Catalan regional police to evacuate and close polling stations by 6 a.m. on Sunday, before the voting is due to open at 9 a.m. ",1
18649,"Egypt ""hunting down"" gays, conducting forced anal exams - Amnesty","CAIRO (Reuters) - Six Egyptian men arrested for  promoting sexual deviancy  and  debauchery  on social media will be subjected to anal examinations ahead of their Oct. 1 trial, Amnesty International said on Saturday. Their arrest is part of a wider crackdown against homosexuality that started last week when a group of people were seen raising a rainbow flag at a concert, a rare public show of support for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights in the conservative Muslim country. At least 11 people have since been arrested, Amnesty said, and one man has been sentenced to six years in jail after local media launched a highly critical campaign against those who raised the rainbow flag at a Mashrou  Leila concert, a popular Lebanese alternative rock band whose lead singer is openly gay. Amnesty said the Forensic Medical Authority was due to subject the six men to anal examinations to determine whether they have had homosexual sex. Judicial sources said any defendant accused of  debauchery  or  sexual deviancy , a euphemism for homosexuality in Egypt, is subjected to a medical examination based on an order from the Public Prosecutor.  Allegations of torturing or insulting those medically examined are lies not worth responding to. The examinations are carried out by a forensic doctor who swore to respect his profession and its ethics,  one judicial source said.   Amnesty said such examinations violate the prohibition of torture and other ill-treatment under international law.   The fact that Egypt s Public Prosecutor is prioritizing hunting down people based on their perceived sexual orientation is utterly deplorable. These men should be released immediately and unconditionally   not put on trial,  said Najia Bounaim, North Africa Campaigns Director at Amnesty International.  Forced anal examinations are abhorrent and amount to torture. The Egyptian authorities have an appalling track record of using invasive physical tests which amount to torture against detainees in their custody. All plans to carry out such tests on these men must be stopped immediately.  Egypt s Muslim religious establishment is voicing its support for the government s moves against homosexuals.  Al Azhar will stand against calls for sexual perversion the same way it has stood against extremist groups,  a preacher at the 1,000-year-old seat of Sunni Muslim learning said in his Friday prayers sermon. Although homosexuality is not specifically outlawed in Egypt, it is a conservative society and discrimination is rife. Gay men are frequently arrested and typically charged with debauchery, immorality or blasphemy. The largest crackdown on homosexuals took place in 2001, when police raided a floating disco called the Queen Boat. Fifty-two men were tried in the case. ",1
18650,Catalans occupy voting stations to defy Madrid's order to stop referendum,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Supporters of Catalan independence began occupying polling stations on Friday, setting up a possible confrontation with police who have been ordered to clear them out by Sunday morning to ensure a referendum cannot go ahead. The central government, which has sent thousands of police reinforcements to stop people voting and has attempted to dismantle the infrastructure needed to conduct the referendum it says is illegal, insisted it would not go ahead. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont told Reuters in an interview, however:  Everything is prepared at the more than 2,000 voting points so they have ballot boxes and voting slips, and have everything people need to express their opinion.   Bands played at a closing rally for the referendum campaign in Barcelona where people constructed the slogan  Referendum is democracy  in big white letters on a stage in front of a cheering crowd, many draped in the red-and-yellow Catalan flag. People preparing to camp out in polling stations in order to defy court orders to close them were also in high spirits. At one Barcelona school, Hector, a 43-year-old local, said five or six families would be spending the night.  We want to make sure the school is open for activities and at night when they might come to clear us out or empty it, there will be families sleeping or people in the street,  he said, adding that they planned to play ping-pong and cook a fideua seafood dish on Saturday. The head of the Catalan regional police ordered officers to evacuate and close polling stations by 6 a.m. on Sunday, before the voting is due to open at 9 a.m.  In an internal memo published by La Vanguardia newspaper, the police chief said force should be used only as a last resort.  At all times, before using force, you must take into account what might be the consequences of this police action and avoid the escalation of this situation, especially when there are children, elderly or other vulnerable people amongst the crowd,  the document, whose authenticity was confirmed by a police spokeswoman, said. So far, the Catalan police, known as the Mossos, a force that is held in affection in the region, particularly after the Islamist attacks in August, have shown a friendly face.  The Mossos have come to see what we are doing and they ve seen we re having a party,  said 45-year-old Ferran Taberner who was at the school with his daughter.  If it gets complicated we ll stay inside peacefully and they won t move us.   Organizers said 60,000 people had registered to participate in the mass school sleepover which they say will show  peaceful resistance , even if they are prevented from voting.  I don t believe there will be anyone who will use violence or who will want to provoke violence that will tarnish the irreproachable image of the Catalan independence movement as pacifist,  Puigdemont said. At a news conference, regional officials displayed one of the white plastic ballot boxes bearing the crest of the regional government. Puigdemont has said more than 6,000 were being kept in a secret place. Police have confiscated thousands of voting slips, and courts have fined and threatened to arrest regional officials. Catalonia s High Court ordered Google (GOOG.O) to delete a smartphone application that the Catalan government was using to spread information about the vote. A company spokeswoman said Google removes content when it receives a court order. Madrid, which claims the authority of a constitution that declares the country to be indivisible, remained implacably opposed to the vote, but also expressed the hope Sunday would be peaceful.  I insist that there will be no referendum on Oct. 1,  government spokesman Inigo Mendez de Vigo said, adding that organizers would face criminal charges for trying to hold it. In a sign that large crowds are expected on the streets on Sunday, department store chain El Corte Ingles said it would shut three stores in central Barcelona. The central government said airspace above the city would be partly restricted. Credit rating agency S&P said that while it did not it expect Catalonia, a wealthy region that borders France, to secede from Spain, protracted tensions between Madrid and Barcelona could have a negative impact on the country s economic growth outlook. ",1
18651,Police to remove people from Catalan voting stations on Sunday: government source,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Police will remove people from Catalan independence referendum polling stations on Sunday, a government source said on Saturday, without giving details on how this would be carried out. It would be up to the police how they remove people, the official source said. Volunteers staffing polling stations and using the national census in Sunday s banned Catalan referendum on independence from Spain will be liable for fines of up to 300,000 euros  ($354,360), the source said. ",1
18652,Kenya watchdog says investigating police over actions at university," (This September 29 has been corrected to fix date of election in paragraph 3) NAIROBI (Reuters) - A Kenyan government watchdog said on Friday it was investigating whether police had assaulted students during protests this week at the University of Nairobi over the detention of an opposition lawmaker.   Police fired tear gas on Thursday at the protesting students. Video footage posted on social media later in the day showed uniformed officers outside dormitories and inside classrooms using batons to hit people who did not appear to be involved in the campus protests.  It was the latest crackdown by police on protests since an Aug. 8 presidential election that was later annulled by the Supreme Court. A re-run of the vote has been set for Oct. 26. The Independent Police Oversight Authority (IPOA)  this morning noted from social media reports of an incident in which members of the National Police Service allegedly stormed the University of Nairobi and assaulted students at the institution,  the authority said on its Twitter feed.  It requested that any member of the public come forward to provide information to aid the investigation.  The students had been protesting against the re-arrest of a lawmaker, Paul Ongili Owino, on Wednesday, shortly after he was released on bail on charges of subversion for calling President Uhuru Kenyatta a  son of a dog  at a campaign rally. Kenya is a key Western ally in a region often roiled by violence. Preparations for the re-run of the election are being closely monitored for signs of instability, after at least 28 people were killed in unrest following the Aug. 8 vote. The IPOA watchdog was created in 2011, after police came under severe criticism for the number of protesters killed during demonstrations against disputed elections in 2007. The violence then killed around 1,2000 people. But local and international rights groups say the institution is struggling to fulfill its mandate to investigate allegations of police brutality in a country rife with reports from civilians of extrajudicial killings by security forces.  The IPOA has secured two convictions of police officers in the four years it has been operational. The watchdog pledged last month to fast-track investigations into high-profile deaths such as that of a baby allegedly killed by police in the violence after the election. [L4N1L34FC] But people familiar with the status of these investigations say the police are not cooperating with them, and that senior officials in the police force and the interior ministry insist officers killed only thieves and thugs. ",1
18653,"Iranian, Iraqi government forces to hold joint border drills - Iran TV","DUBAI (Reuters) - Iranian and Iraqi central government forces are to hold joint military exercises near their borders, Iran s state television reported on Saturday, as part of Tehran s effort to support Baghdad after the Kurdish independence referendum. State television quoted a military spokesman as saying the decision to hold the war games was taken at a meeting of Iranian military commanders which also  agreed on measures to establish border security and receive Iraqi forces that are to be stationed at border posts . ",1
18654,Moscow denies Ukraine's accusation that it left troops in Belarus,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian troops that took part in war games in neighboring Belarus have returned to their bases, a Russian general said on Saturday.  As for units of Russian forces that took part in a mutual strategic military exercises  Zapad 2017 , they all returned to their permanent disposition,  TASS news agency quoted Major-General Igor Konashenkov as saying.  Zapad  is the Russian word for  west . Konashenkov spoke after Ukraine s Commander-in-Chief Viktor Muzhenko said Russia had left troops behind after staging the war games despite promising not to. Relations between Kiev and Moscow nosedived after Russia annexed the Crimean peninsula in 2014 and supported the outbreak of a separatist insurgency in eastern Ukraine that has killed more than 10,000 people.  Muzhenko told Reuters that Russia had withdrawn only a few units from Belarus and had lied about how many of its soldiers were there in the first place. Konashenkov said Muzhenko s remarks on Russian troops in Belarus were a fantasy. He said the comments were  a reason for an immediate resignation for such an executive officer,  referring to Muzhenko.  A Belarussian defense ministry spokesman said the last train of Russian troops and equipment had left Belarus on Thursday, Sept. 28. ",1
18655,German police arrest suspect over alleged supermarket extortion attempts,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German police said on Saturday they had arrested a suspect in the case of an alleged extortionist who attempted to force supermarkets into coughing up tens of millions of euros by slipping a potentially lethal poison into baby food. Police in the south-western lakeside city of Konstanz said they would ask a judge to approve an extension of custody for the 55-year-old German man arrested by police special forces late on Friday, after concluding he was a prime suspect.  The suspicions have solidified,  they said in a statement.  In mid-September, a suspect was recorded on security cameras placing quantities of poison in products for sale in some southern German supermarkets. He told the police via email that he done so, and threatened to do it nationwide and elsewhere in Europe unless given money. Police said they had found some baby food spiked with ethylene glycol, a colorless, odorless liquid used in the manufacture of antifreeze, which can be deadly if consumed. Police added that, despite the arrest, the public should remain vigilant for signs of tampering when buying food. ",1
18656,Macron's invitation to visit France not related to Kurdish referendum - Iraqi PM,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Saturday an invitation from French President Emmanuel Macron to visit Paris was not related to the Kurdish independence referendum. The invitation was delivered to Abadi on Aug. 26 by the French foreign and defense ministers during a visit to Baghdad, Abadi s office said in a statement, adding its purpose was  to strengthen bilateral relations and concentrate efforts on fighting terrorism.  A source in Macron s office said Abadi had accepted an invitation from Macron to visit Paris on Oct. 5 for talks on the Kurdish independence referendum. A phone call between Abadi and Macron, after Monday s referendum  did not mention in any way the need to recognize the rights of the Kurdish people,  said Abadi s statement.  ",1
18657,"Trump to visit Asia in November, North Korea in spotlight","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump will travel to Asia in November for the first time since becoming president, stopping in Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines on a trip expected to be dominated by the North Korea nuclear threat. Joined by his wife Melania, Trump will travel Nov. 3-14. His visit will include attending two major summits, the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Vietnam and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations conclave in the Philippines. Trump s attendance at the Manila summit had been in doubt until recent days, with officials saying he was reluctant to show support for Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who has been responsible for a number of anti-American outbursts. A U.S. official said Asian leaders who met Trump at the United Nations General Assembly in New York last week helped  persuade him to attend in unity with key Asian allies. An Asian diplomat welcomed Trump s decision to visit Manila  because that reassures the region that Asia policy is not just about North Korea, it s about Southeast Asia as well.  The diplomat said Trump s decision to withdraw from the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal early this year had raised questions about the administration s commitment to the region. But visits by senior officials, including the secretaries of state, defense and commerce, and Trump s planned trip, showed Washington intended to remain engaged. Philippine Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano said Duterte was looking forward to meeting Trump, adding that the relationship between the two countries was so resilient that ties would always recover, regardless of disagreements. Trump, who has been locked in an increasingly bitter war of words with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, will have the opportunity to bolster allied resolve for what he calls the  complete denuclearization  of Pyongyang. He has denounced Kim as a  rocket man  on a suicide mission for test launches of ballistic missiles and for nuclear weapon tests. He has warned North Korea would face total devastation if it threatens the United States. Kim has blasted Trump as  mentally deranged.   The president s engagements will strengthen the international resolve to confront the North Korean threat and ensure the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula,  the White House said in announcing the trip. Trump s visit to China will reciprocate a trip to the United States made in April by Chinese President Xi Jinping. Trump has applied heavy pressure on China to rein in North Korea. While his efforts have had limited success thus far, he went out of his way to thank Xi on Tuesday for his efforts.  I applaud China for breaking off all banking relationships with North Korea - something that people would have thought unthinkable even two months ago. I want to thank President Xi,  Trump said at a news conference with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. Speaking in Beijing, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told China s top diplomat State Councilor Yang Jiechi that the two presidents had established a  very regular and close working relationship . Yang described Trump s visit as of great importance to the bilateral relationship.  Let us concentrate on cooperation and properly manage our differences in a spirit of mutual respect and mutual benefit,  he said to Tillerson. At the same time, Trump s national security team is conducting a broad review of U.S. strategy toward China in search of ways to counter Chinese trade practices and open up market access, a senior administration official said. The United States also considers Chinese entities behind the theft of intellectual property and cyber attacks and wants to find ways to address these concerns, the official said. There was no definite timetable for concluding the review.  We re looking at all of it,  the official said. ",1
18658,Afghan Shi'ites fear further attacks on Ashura celebrations,"KABUL (Reuters) - The Afghan capital Kabul braced on Saturday for further possible attacks ahead of Ashura, the holiest day on the Shi ite Muslim calendar, a day after an attack claimed by Islamic State that killed at least five people near a large Shi ite mosque. Ahead of the celebration on Sunday, signs of increased security were in evidence across Kabul, with extra police checkpoints and roadblocks in many areas, while security was also increased in other cities. Afghanistan, a majority Sunni Muslim country, has traditionally not suffered the sectarian violence that has devastated countries like Iraq, but a series of attacks over recent years have targeted the Shi ite community.  We are concerned about this. We had internal fighting in the past but never religious fighting,  said Arif Rahmani, a member of parliament and a member of the mainly Shi ite Hazara community that has been particularly targeted. The government has provided some basic training and weapons for a few hundred volunteer guards near mosques and other meeting places but many fear that the protection, which covers only some of the city s more than 400 Shi ite mosques, is insufficient. In 2011, more than 80 people were killed in Ashura attacks in Kabul and the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif and there have been a string of others since, with 20 people killed in a suicide attack on a mosque in Kabul a month ago. Friday s attack, by suicide bombers posing as shepherds walking their sheep along a road outside the Hussainya mosque in the Qala-e-Fatehullah area of the city, did not reach the mosque itself but wounded 20 people in addition to the five killed. No up-to-date census data exists for Afghanistan but different estimates put the size of the Shi ite community at between 10-20 percent of the population, mostly Persian-speaking Tajiks and Hazaras. Ashura, on the 10th day of the month of Muharram, celebrates the martyrdom of Hussein, one of the grandsons of the Prophet Mohammad, and is marked by large public commemorations by Shi ite Muslims. President Ashraf Ghani condemned Friday s attack and said it would not break the unity between religions in Afghanistan. But at a time when rivalry between the patchwork of different ethnic groups in the country has increasingly come into the open, Rahmani said the evident objective of the attacks was to ratchet up the tensions to create instability.  In the past, there were warnings that there were groups that wanted to stir ethnic and religious conflict among Afghans but now it is reality,  Rahmani said.  There are people who want to create disunity among ethnic and religious groups,  he said. ",1
18659,North Korea seen moving missiles from development center: South Korean broadcaster,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Several North Korean missiles were recently spotted moved from a rocket facility in the capital Pyongyang, South Korea s Korean Broadcasting System (KBS) reported late Friday amid speculation that the North was preparing to take more provocative actions. The report cited an unnamed intelligence source saying South Korean and U.S. intelligence officials detected missiles being transported away from North Korea s Missile Research and Development Facility at Sanum-dong in the northern part of Pyongyang. The report did not say when or where they had been moved. The missiles could be either intermediate range Hwasong-12 or intercontinental ballistic Hwasong-14 missiles, according to the report, though the missile facility at Sanum-dong has been dedicated to the production of intercontinental ballistic missiles. A source from South Korea s defense ministry said he could not confirm details of the report or whether there has been any unusual activities in the area mentioned. South Korean official have voiced concerns that North Korea could conduct more provocative acts near the anniversary of the founding of its communist party on Oct. 10, or possibly when China holds its Communist Party Congress on Oct. 18.     Amid heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula, South Korea and U.S. forces recently held their first joint short range air defense training exercise in South Korea, according to a statement released by the U.S. Pacific Command on Friday. The statement did not give the date of the exercise, but said the next exercise is scheduled to take place over the next few months as the two forces become more familiar with each other s capabilities. ",1
18660,"Fear driving Cambodian opposition MPs abroad, party says","PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Around half the opposition members of Cambodia s parliament have left the country in fear of a crackdown by Prime Minister Hun Sen s government, a deputy party leader said. The leader of the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), Kem Sokha, was arrested on Sept. 3 and charged with treason for an alleged plot to take power with U.S. help. The government has said there could be more arrests linked to the alleged plot, which the opposition says is just a ploy to ensure Hun Sen keeps his more than three-decade hold on power in next year s general election. Hun Sen s ruling Cambodian People s Party (CPP) has a slim majority in the 123-member parliament, which voted on Sept. 11 to allow the prosecution of Kem Sokha in a vote boycotted by opposition members.  About half are out of the country in fear,  Mu Sochua, one of three deputies to Kem Sokha told Reuters on Friday.  I m taking my chances. We cannot live in fear and let the fear paralyze us.  She said the party was still in contact with those members outside the country as the opposition tries to rally international pressure on the government. A spokesman for the ruling party said it was an internal issue for the CNRP if its members were abroad. Spokesman So Eysan said the CPP believed in a culture of dialogue but Kem Sokha s  criminal act  had destroyed it.  The ship has left the port so it s already too late,  said Sok Eysan. The government has said Kem Sokha s party could be dissolved if it doesn t drop him as its leader, something the CNRP has said it will not do. While Western countries have condemned the arrest of Kem Sokha and called for his release, Hun Sen has support from his close ally China, by far the biggest donor to one of Southeast Asia s poorest countries. Mu Sochua said she was still hopeful that Western countries would take stronger action against the government, but did not specify what.  A statement alone is not going to help,  she said. The evidence presented against Kem Sokha so far is a video from 2013 in which he tells supporters that he has support from unidentified Americans for a plan to gain power. The opposition says it is evidence of an election strategy, not a coup plot. ",1
18661,"China's Xi says study capitalism, but Marxism remains top","BEIJING (Reuters) - Communist Party members should study contemporary capitalism but must never deviate from Marxism, Chinese President Xi Jinping said, offering a clear signal there will be no weakening of party control weeks ahead of a key Congress opening. The party brooks no challenge to its rule, and Xi has overseen a sweeping crackdown on civil society since assuming power almost five years ago, tightening the party s grip over the internet, media and security infrastructure, and locking up rights lawyers and dissidents. Speaking at a study session of the Politburo, one of the party s elite ruling bodies, Xi said that while times are changing and society is developing, the basic tenets of Marxism remain true, state news agency Xinhua said late Friday.  If we deviate from or abandon Marxism, our party would lose its soul and direction,  Xi said.  On the fundamental issue of upholding the guiding role of Marxism, we must maintain unswerving resolve, never wavering at any time or under any circumstances.  Xi said the party should better integrate the basic tenets of Marxism with the  reality of contemporary China and learn from the achievements of other civilizations to create and develop Marxism , Xinhua said.  Xi also asked Party members to study contemporary capitalism, its essence and patterns,  the report added, without elaborating. China has transformed its economy since it began landmark reforms in the late 1970s, and is now the world s second-largest economy. Private firms are now supported and encouraged, but the state-owned sector remains a major driver of growth and investment, though some industries like iron and steel are suffering from worryingly high levels of over-capacity. Xi said the party must continuously develop socialism with Chinese characteristics, continuously enhance China s comprehensive national strength and fully demonstrate the advantages of China s socialist system. Next month s party Congress, which opens on Oct. 18, will see Xi further cement his grip on power and usher in a new generation of senior leaders. ",1
18662,China's Chongqing vows purge of former leader's 'vile influence',"BEIJING (Reuters) - The southwestern Chinese megalopolis of Chongqing will purge the  vile influence  of its former top official Sun Zhengcai after he was expelled from the Communist Party for corruption, the city government said, praising the move as  brilliant . Sun, a senior official once considered a contender for top leadership, had been party chief of the city until an abrupt announcement in July that he had been replaced by a rising political star close to President Xi Jinping, Chen Miner. He was put under investigation later in July and on Friday the party announced he would be prosecuted for corruption, accusing him of leaking secrets, bribery and abusing his power. In a front page story on Saturday, the official Chongqing Daily said a city party meeting overseen by new party boss Chen offered strong support for the Sun decision, which comes just weeks before the party opens a key twice-a-decade Congress.  Everyone said they resolutely uphold the party s decision, resolutely practice the party s spirit and will resolutely purge Sun Zhengcai s vile influence,  the paper said.   The party s decision to investigate and handle Sun Zhengcai s serious breach of discipline is completely correct, absolutely brilliant, came just at the right time and has completely won the hearts of the party, the military and the people.  It has not been possible to reach Sun directly for comment and unclear if he has been allowed to retain a lawyer.  He is certain to be found guilty when his case comes before a court as the party controls the legal system, which won t challenge its accusations. These include trading power for sex and sloth. Chongqing, one of China s most important cities, is perhaps best known outside China for its association with its disgraced former party boss, Bo Xilai, who was once himself a contender for top leadership before being jailed for life in 2013 in his own dramatic corruption scandal. The government has yet to give exact details of what Sun is suspected of. The official newspaper of the northeastern province of Jilin, where Sun was party chief from 2009 until late 2012, implied on Saturday at least some of his crimes took place there too.  While in Jilin he neglected Jilin s development, put his undivided attention on promotion, and seriously damaged Jilin s political ecology,  the paper said, summarizing a provincial party meeting to condemn him. Sun had been seen as a potential candidate for elevation at next month s party Congress and as a possible future premier. But sources with ties to the leadership and foreign diplomats say Sun had been out of favor after the party s corruption watchdog in February criticized Chongqing authorities for not doing enough to root out Bo s influence. Sun is the latest senior official to be investigated under Xi s sweeping crackdown on corruption. The party s official People s Daily said on Saturday the move against Sun augured further struggles ahead, saying major victories did not mean the anti-corruption fight was over. ",1
18663,"U.S. cuts staff in Cuba over mysterious injuries, warns travelers"," (Advisory: Strong language in paragraph 16 may be offensive to some readers) By Arshad Mohammed and Sarah Marsh WASHINGTON/HAVANA (Reuters) - The United States on Friday cut its diplomatic presence in Cuba by more than half and warned U.S. citizens not to visit because of mysterious  attacks  that have caused hearing loss, dizziness and fatigue in U.S. embassy personnel. The U.S. embassy in Havana will halt regular visa operations for Cubans seeking to visit the United States and offer only emergency services to U.S. citizens, steps that may further erode the U.S.-Cuban rapprochement begun by former President Barack Obama. The partial evacuation, while depicted as a safety measure, sends a message of U.S. displeasure over Cuba s handling of the matter and delivers another blow to Obama s policies of engagement with Cold War foe Cuba. The Communist Party-run Cuban government was already dealing with several delicate matters - the aftermath of Hurricane Irma, a steep decline in aid from important socialist ally Venezuela and political transition as President Raul Castro steps down next year. Cuba s Foreign Ministry chief for U.S. Affairs Josefina Vidal said:  We consider the decision announced today by the U.S. government through the State Department is hasty and will affect bilateral relations.  Vidal, in a briefing on state-run television, said Cuba was still keen to cooperate with U.S. authorities to clarify what happened. Officials in President Donald Trump s administration  stressed the United States was maintaining diplomatic ties with Cuba. Twenty-one U.S. embassy employees in Cuba have been injured and reported symptoms such as hearing loss, dizziness, headache, fatigue, cognitive issues, and difficulty sleeping, the State Department said.  Until the government of Cuba can ensure the safety of our diplomats in Cuba, our embassy will be reduced to emergency personnel in order to minimize the number of diplomats at risk of exposure to harm,  Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in a  statement. The Cuban government has denied any role and is  investigating. The Federal Bureau of Investigation has been looking into the incidents, a U.S. law enforcement official said, but so far has not determined the cause.  A senior State Department official said neither the U.S. nor Cuban governments had been able to identify who was responsible but stressed that  the government of Cuba is responsible for taking all appropriate steps to prevent attacks on our diplomatic personnel in Cuba.  In a travel warning, the State Department bluntly said  because our personnel s safety is at risk, and we are unable to identify the source of the attacks, we believe U.S. citizens may also be at risk and warn them not to travel to Cuba.  A State Department official said most visa processing had been suspended in Havana.  Cuban applicants for nonimmigrant visas may apply at another U.S. embassy or consulate overseas.  The State Department said the attacks on U.S. embassy personnel had occurred at  U.S. diplomatic residences and hotels frequented by U.S. citizens.  No tourists are known to have been injured in the attacks. Canada said it has no plans to change its travel advice for Cuba or to remove any Canadian staff from its embassy there, though some staff have experienced some unusual symptoms, a spokesman for Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said on Friday. Diana Rodriguez, 52, who sells handicrafts in Old Havana, said she had a visa appointment in October so she could visit family who live in Florida.  I won t ever go there now,  she said furiously.  This is a really strong blow that affects regular Cubans on the street. It s just unheard of. What is going on with this man? Neither Bush nor his father were such sons of bitches.   Trump in June vowed to partially roll back the detente with Cuba agreed by his Democratic predecessor, Obama, and called the Cuban government  corrupt and destabilizing  in his address to the United Nations General Assembly this month. Engage Cuba, a Washingon-based lobbying group, said the decision was  puzzling  given that American travelers had not been targeted. It said halting the visa process in Cuba and discouraging Americans from going there  will divide families and harm Cuba s burgeoning private sector, civil society groups and efforts to improve human rights on the island.   I haven t felt in danger at all. The people are very friendly, it s a very safe culture ... I don t feel threatened at all here, I think its a really safe place to be,  American visitor Joey Branch said. U.S. lawmakers took positions on the issue that appeared to reflect their wider perspective on engagement with Havana. Senator Patrick Leahy, a Democrat who favors normalization, suggested the attacks may be an attempt to undermine this.  Whoever is doing this obviously is trying to disrupt the normalization process between the United States and Cuba.  Someone or some government is trying to reverse that process,  Leahy said in a statement.  Marco Rubio , a Florida Republican and frequent critic of the Cuban government, called for harsher measures.  Until those responsible for these attacks are brought to justice, the U.S. should immediately expel an equal number of Cuban operatives, downgrade the U.S. embassy in Havana to an interests section, and consider re-listing Cuba as a state sponsor of terrorism,  Rubio said in a statement. American Tour Operators in Cuba, which counts more than 50 U.S. companies, criticized the travel warning.  The motivation for the U.S. government to issue today s Travel Warning for Cuba is difficult to understand given that the facts and circumstances of these mysterious incidents have never posed a tangible threat to American visitors in Cuba.    American Airlines and United Airlines, both of whom have applied for additional flights to Havana, said the travel warning would not affect their current operations to Cuba. JetBlue Airways said it would waive change and cancellation fees for Cuba flights booked on or before Sept. 29.  Airbnb spokesman Nick Papas said its operations in Cuba would continue. Cuba reported four million arrivals last year, of which 285,000 were Americans. ",1
18664,"Cubans are heartbroken, angry can't seek U.S. visas in Havana","HAVANA (Reuters) - Cubans said they were both heartbroken and enraged by the United States  decision on Friday to stop processing visas at its embassy in Havana that would further tear at the seams of families already divided by the Florida Straits. The United States said it was cutting its diplomatic presence in Cuba by more than a half because of mysterious  attacks  against its embassy personnel and was therefore halting regular visa operations.  To think you can t go see your family is a terrible thing,  said pensioner Xiomara Irene Louzado, 74, who had been planning a visit to the United States to see her sister and nephews. Louzado said she also wanted to visit the graves of her sister and mother. She has traveled there regularly but now she simply no longer knew when she next could.  This is unnecessary and inhuman,  said Laura Hernandez, a Cuban student who had been hoping to move to live with her father in the United States.  With so many families to reunify... why?  While Cuba numbers a population of 11.2 million, there are an estimated 2 million Cuban Americans in the United States. It remains unclear which visas the U.S. Havana embassy will still be processing and what other recourses Cubans will have.  We have suspended most visa processing in Havana,  a notice on its website read.  Cuban applicants for non immigrant visas may apply at another U.S. embassy or consulate overseas.  The United States has one specific deal with its former Cold War foe to issue 20,000 visas a year to Cubans seeking to emigrate there, agreed after the 1994 rafter exodus to prevent them from taking to the sea illegally in makeshift crafts. Short of an effective third country workaround for those visa applications, Friday s measure would likely ensure it violates that agreement, said Michael Bustamante, an assistant professor of Latin American history at Florida International University. The Cuban government has denied any involvement in the alleged attacks on diplomats in Havana and warned the Trump administration against politicizing them. Twenty-one U.S. embassy employees in Cuba have been injured and reported symptoms such as hearing loss, dizziness, headache, fatigue, cognitive issues, and difficulty sleeping, the State Department said. Several Canadian diplomats have complained of similar symptoms to their American counterparts but Canada said on Friday it had no plans to reduce staff at its embassy in Havana. Many Cubans on Friday said they felt they were once more collateral damage of the war between the anti-Castro lobby in the United States and Cuba. U.S. President Donald Trump, a Republican, had in June said he wanted to partially roll back the detente agreed with Cuba under his predecessor, Democrat Barack Obama.    Politics always ends up affecting the poorest, the people, and not the government,  said Jessica Aguila, 38, an office employee who had been planning to visit her family at Christmas.  In a few months, all the advances between the two countries have been turned to dust.  Washington on Friday also warned U.S. citizens against visiting the Caribbean island, a move that will likely hurt many Cubans working in hospitality.  That sector is one of the few that had been thriving amidst a gloomy economic outlook, although it took a beating earlier this month from Hurricane Irma that wrought havoc on much of the island s infrastructure.  (Trump) is already an imminent danger for us, said Magdalena Hernandez, 67,  worse than a Category 5 hurricane.  ",1
18665,'A better future' - Britain's May tries to rally her Conservatives,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May will set out plans to build  a road to a better future  for Britain at her Conservative Party conference next week, hoping to head off a rebellion over her handling of Brexit and the June election. Weakened by the loss of the Conservatives  parliamentary majority in that election, which prompted some members to call for her to go, May will try to show she is still the right person to lead the party and Britain. She will set out her vision of a  country that works for everyone, not just the privileged few . May first made that promise on the steps of her Downing Street office when she became prime minister just over a year ago after Britain voted to leave the European Union and her predecessor David Cameron stepped down.  She will be keen to play down divisions in her cabinet of ministers over the Brexit divorce talks with the EU, which has given the opposition Labour Party ammunition to criticize a squabbling government. Instead, she will go on the offensive against Labour, which has won over voters by making a similar promise to govern  for the many, not the few . Labour came second in the election, but did far better than mainstream expectations. The standing of it leader, leftist Jeremy Corbyn, was raised considerably.  Our party meets in Manchester this week, and our message to you is simple. As Conservatives, we have a vision of a country that works for everyone, not just the privileged few   precisely the direction I set when I became prime minister last year,  May said in a statement before the conference begins on Sunday.  I understand the concerns raised, particularly by young people, during what was a disappointing election for my party. So my determination to act on those concerns, and crucially, to fulfill the promise of my first speech on the steps of Downing Street, is greater than ever.  After Labour staged a conference this week at which it sounded triumphant, May hopes to fire up thousands of members who feel let down by what some describe as an awful election campaign, when their leader was dubbed  the Maybot  for her repetition of catchphrases. May is now dependent on a small Northern Irish party to be sure of passing legislation in parliament, and opinion polls indicate that Labour is a growing threat, persuading rivals in the party not to try to topple her quite yet. May will also be careful in Manchester to present a united front and keep a lid on divisions in her cabinet after arguments over her Brexit strategy and vision of future ties with the EU, and over austerity, broke out into the open.  So this week we ll be setting out our road to a better future for you (voters) and your family. Yes, we have to get the best Brexit deal   but we must also take action here at home to make this a fairer place to live for ordinary working people,  she said.  And for people considering the alternative, we have a clear message too. The Labour Party is simply not fit to govern   and have already gone back on their promises about things like student debt.  She offered no details of her plan to take the initiative in a domestic debate that has been dominated by Labour s criticism of economic austerity.  Its criticism of public sector cuts and pay caps for nurses, police and firefighters has caught the mood of the public. Many people have seen wages stagnate for nearly a decade as prices rise, and this has helped Labour close the gap in the opinion polls. Conservative members say May must try to re-engage voters and modernize a party that some say has been overly dependent on older voters and swathes of southern England, which are now being targeted by Labour.  This week in Manchester you ll see more of our plan for a country that truly works for everyone,  she said. ",1
18666,Colombia's ELN rebel commander orders ceasefire beginning Sunday,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - The commander of Colombia s Marxist ELN rebels on Friday ordered his fighters to begin a ceasefire this weekend as the group struggles through complicated peace talks with the government aimed at ending five decades of war. Nicolas Rodriguez, known by his war alias Gabino, told the National Liberation Army (ELN) guerrillas to begin their part in a bilateral ceasefire agreement with President Juan Manuel Santos  government starting on Sunday and running through     mid-January. The ELN is in talks in Ecuador to end its part in a conflict involving government troops, leftist rebels, criminal gangs and right-wing paramilitary groups. Since negotiations began in February, the ELN has continued to take hostages for ransom and stepped up bomb attacks in recent weeks on oil companies.  It wasn t easy to reach this agreement but finally we achieved it. Since talks began with Santos s government we have insisted on the urgency of this ceasefire because it stops offensive actions and brings important humanitarian relief to the Colombian population,  Rodriguez said in a video message. During the ceasefire, agreed on Sept. 4, the insurgent group has pledged to suspend hostage taking, attacks on roads and oil installations, the use of landmines and the recruitment of minors. In turn, the government agreed to improve protection for community leaders and conditions for about 450 jailed rebels.  Colombians, we must never stop seeking peace. I hope this temporary ceasefire ... can be extended and become the first step to peace with the ELN,  Santos said in a national address on Friday. The center-right president signed a peace deal with the larger Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia in late 2016 after negotiations in Cuba that lasted four years. Founded by radical Roman Catholic priests in 1964, the ELN has sought peace with the government before but made little progress. This would be the first ceasefire with the ELN. The ELN is considered a terrorist group by the United States and European Union. ",1
18667,Cameroon orders Anglophone region total lockdown for three days,"YAOUNDE (Reuters) - Cameroon authorities on Friday banned all gatherings of more than four people, ordered bus stations, eateries and shops to shut and forbade movement between divisions of its English-speaking region for three days to prevent planned protests. Anglophone Cameroonians plan to demonstrate on Oct. 1st, the day of their independence from Britain, over what they say is ill treatment and neglect by the predominantly Francophone government of President Paul Biya. The protests have become a lightening rod for opposition to Biya s 35-year rule. The last time there were big protests in the western region, the government responded by unplugging the internet, shooting dead six protesters and arrested hundreds of others, some of whom were charged with crimes that carry the death penalty.   Public gatherings and assembly of more than four persons shall be strictly forbidden. All off licenses, snack bars and night clubs shall not operate. Motor parks shall remain closed,  said the order signed by Adolphe Lele Lafrique, governor of the northwest region.  Any persons who attempt to violate this order shall be prosecuted,  it added. The draconian measures are likely to provoke further anger driving a movement that is fast morphing from a bid for equal rights into a full-fledged struggle for independence.  Cameroon s divide has its roots in the end of World War One, when the League of Nations divided the former German colony of Kamerun between the allied French and British victors. Thousands of Anglophone demonstrators took to the streets last Friday, some of them hoisting separatist flags. The government ordered its border with Nigeria closed this weekend. The Anglophone regions have strong ties to eastern Nigeria and authorities may fear that allowing the border to remain open during protests offers the demonstrators a rear base and makes it harder to maintain order. ",1
18668,Canada says has no plans to remove embassy staff from Cuba,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - Canada has no plans to change its travel advice for Cuba or to remove any Canadian staff from its embassy there, though some staff have experienced some unusual symptoms, a spokesman for Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said on Friday.  Some of our diplomatic staff and their family members started to experience unusual symptoms in March 2017, including earaches, dizziness and headaches,  said Adam Austen.  All of the personnel who experienced symptoms underwent testing in Canada and the U.S. and the cause of the symptoms remains unknown. We have been working closely with Cuban authorities to ascertain the cause. We continue to monitor the situation closely and we have no plans to travel advice or remove any staff,  Austen added. The United States on Friday cut its diplomatic presence in Cuba by more than half and warned U.S. citizens not to visit because of mysterious  attacks  that have caused hearing loss, dizziness and fatigue in U.S. embassy personnel.  ",1
18669,Last flight departs as Iraq imposes ban for Kurdish independence vote,"ERBIL, Iraq/ANKARA (Reuters) - The last international flight left Erbil airport on Friday as the Baghdad government imposed an air ban on Iraqi Kurdistan in retaliation for an independence vote that has drawn widespread opposition from foreign powers. Iraq's Kurds overwhelmingly backed independence in Monday's referendum, defying neighboring countries, which fear the vote could lead to renewed conflict in the region. (GRAPHIC: Iraq's Kirkuk region - tmsnrt.rs/2gq0Gk4) Foreign airlines suspended flights to Erbil and Sulaimaniya in the autonomous region, obeying a notice from the government in Baghdad, which controls Iraqi air space.  Erbil airport was busier than usual as passengers scrambled to catch the last flights out before the ban went into force at 6 p.m. (1500 GMT) on Friday. Domestic flights are still allowed, so travelers are expected to travel to Kurdistan mostly via Baghdad s airport, which will come under strain from the extra traffic. Maintaining the travel curbs is likely to discourage visits by businessmen and Kurdish expatriates, and affect industries including hotels, financial services, transport and real estate. More than 400 Kurdish travel and tourism companies are directly affected by the flight ban and 7,000 jobs are at risk in the sector, Erbil-based Rudaw TV said. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG), meanwhile, refused to hand over control of its border crossings to the Iraqi government, as demanded by Iraq, Iran and Turkey in retaliation for the independence referendum. The Iraqi Defence Ministry said it planned to take control of the borders  in coordination  with Iran and Turkey. The statement did not give more detail or indicate whether Iraqi forces were planning to move toward the external border posts controlled by the KRG from the Iranian and Turkish side.  As the crisis unfolded, Iraq s top Shi ite cleric intervened to oppose the secession of the Kurdistan region, adding to pressure on the Kurds in his first directly political sermon since early last year. Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani asked the KRG to  return to the constitutional path  in pursuing self-determination for the Kurdish people, a representative said in a sermon on his behalf.  Any attempt to make secession an accomplished fact will lead to undesired consequences affecting Kurdish citizens,  the sermon said.  Turkey, which has already threatened economic sanctions and a military response to any security challenges posed by the referendum result in neighboring northern Iraq, has maintained a drumbeat of opposition to the Kurdish vote.  After talks in Ankara with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said the referendum was illegitimate and Russia and Turkey agreed that the territorial integrity of Iraq must be preserved. Turkey and Russia have strong commercial ties with the semi-autonomous Kurdish region in Iraq. But the vote has alarmed Ankara as it battles a separatist insurgency from its own large Kurdish minority. While Turkey has threatened to cut off the Kurds  oil export lifeline - a pipeline that runs through Turkish territory - it has so far mostly held back from specific action against Iraqi Kurdistan. Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said Turkey would target only those who had decided to hold the referendum, and would not make civilians pay the price for the vote. Iran banned the transportation of refined crude oil products by Iranian companies to and from Iraqi Kurdistan. But a World Bank official said Kurdistan would be able to resist an economic blockade.  It is self-sufficient in electricity and fuel supply as it has the oil and gas fields, the refineries and the power stations,  the official said.  It has also the land and the water resources to sustain a basic subsistence, even if borders are shut completely.  The autonomous region is the closest the Kurds have come to a state in modern times. But although it has flourished while the rest of Iraq was embroiled in civil war, it may struggle to maintain investment if it is blockaded economically. The United States, major European countries and nearby Turkey and Iran opposed the referendum as destabilizing at a time when all sides are still fighting Islamic State. Both France and the United States said on Friday that Iraq s territorial integrity must be maintained, but urged Baghdad not to retaliate. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in a statement that  the vote and the results lack legitimacy  before going on to urge  calm and an end to vocal recriminations and threats of reciprocal actions . French President Emmanuel Macron said the two sides should remain united in their priority to defeat Islamic State and stabilize Iraq, and that any further escalation should be avoided. A source in Macron s office said Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi had accepted an invitation to come Paris on Oct. 5 for talks on the issue. The U.S. State Department said Washington was willing to facilitate talks if asked, and the Iraqi Foreign Ministry said the United Nations had also offered its good offices. The Iraqi parliament urged the Baghdad government to send troops to take control of oilfields held by Kurdish forces. Baghdad also told foreign governments to close their diplomatic missions in the Kurdish capital Erbil. The Kurds consider Monday s referendum to be an historic step in the generations-old quest for a state of their own, while Iraq considers the vote unconstitutional. They say the referendum acknowledges their contribution in confronting Islamic State after it overwhelmed the Iraqi army. Iraqi Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani has said the vote is not binding, but meant to provide a mandate for negotiations with Baghdad and neighboring countries over peaceful secession from Iraq. Baghdad has rejected talks. The Kurds were left without a state of their own when the Ottoman Empire collapsed a century ago, and 30 million Kurds now live spread across Iraq, Turkey, Syria and Iran. ",1
18670,Iraq's Abadi accepts Macron invitation to come to discuss Kurds: Elysee source,"TALLINN (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi accepted an invitation from French President Emmanuel Macron on Friday to come to Paris on Oct. 5 for talks on the Kurdish independence referendum, a source in Macron s office said. Macron had offered to help ease tensions between Baghdad and the Kurdistan Regional Government over Monday s referendum, which produced an overwhelming vote in favor of secession from Iraq, and had warned that any further escalation should be avoided. Baghdad has closed Kurdish airspace and vowed to take control of the autonomous region s external borders. In a statement after a telephone call with Abadi, Macron s office said he had invited Abadi to Paris, but warned that the two sides should remain united in their priority to defeat Islamic State and stabilize Iraq.  All escalation should be avoided,  Macron said in the statement.  The president ... recalled the importance of preserving unity and Iraq s (territorial) integrity while recognizing the rights of the Kurdish people,  the statement said.  With the priority to fight Islamic State and the stabilization of Iraq, Iraqis must remain united.  ",1
18671,Trump says Cuba 'did some bad things' aimed at U.S. diplomats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump expressed outrage on Friday at the injuries of diplomats at the U.S. embassy in Cuba. He spoke to reporters on the White House South Lawn after the State Department announced a sharp drawdown of U.S. personnel at the embassy.  They did some bad things in Cuba,  Trump said. ",1
18672,Ugandan special forces accused of ejecting MPs from parliament,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - At least five Ugandan lawmakers received hospital treatment for injuries sustained while being dragged out of the parliament by plain-clothes security guards that opposition MPs said were really soldiers from President Yoweri Museveni s special forces. The clashes erupted in the chamber on Tuesday and Wednesday over a motion to end a constitutional limit on the president s age, effectively allowing 73-year-old Museveni, one of Africa s most entrenched  Big Men , to extend his 31 years in power.    Reinforcing lawmakers  suggestions that soldiers had been involved in the incidents, television footage showed Uganda s special forces commander was in parliament just before dozens of MPs were forcibly removed. Ugandan authorities have not commented on the suggestions. Rights groups denounced the incidents as a violation of the parliament s bar on police or soldiers entering the chamber.  In effect what happened was an overthrow of the constitutional order,  said Nicholas Opiyo, a Kampala-based human rights lawyer and political analyst. One of the ejected MPs, Gaffa Mbwatekamwa, sported a cracked left arm in bandages and a sling as he described his ordeal.  These guys grabbed me from behind and one twisted my arm. I started screaming and another one squeezed my balls,  he told Reuters at a Kampala hospital where he was visiting a fellow injured legislator. He and other MPs said they had also been punched and kicked by the security guards. Mbwatekamwa added that some of the alleged guards were recognized as members of the armed forces. That claim was backed up by footage aired on Thursday by the private NTV Uganda channel of Special Forces Command (SFC) Colonel Don Nabasa pacing the corridors of parliament moments before the security guards burst into the chamber. Police chief Kale Kayihura also told the NBS television channel police had enlisted the help of  sister  security agencies to clear parliament, a term frequently used by police to refer to the armed forces. Police spokesman Asan Kasigye denied legislators had been beaten by security personnel. A spokesman for the Special Forces Command said he could not comment beyond the statement from the police chief. U.S. ambassador Deborah Malac criticized the  rough treatment  of the lawmakers and said she expected them to be treated  humanely . Despite the growing cries of autocracy against Museveni, Washington has backed him as a strongman who has turned Uganda into a bulwark of stability in Africa s troubled Great Lakes region. Nabasa s predecessor as head of the special forces was Museveni s son, Muhoozi Kainerugaba, who many Ugandans believe is being groomed as a successor to his father. Uganda s next election is in 2021. Museveni s moves to extend his term mirror similar attempts in neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo and Burundi, where they have sparked serious political instability, including armed insurrection. ",1
18673,Syrian army and allies secure road after IS attack in Deir al-Zor: Hezbollah,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian army and its allies have secured the Palmyra to Deir al-Zor road, a major supply route from government territory to the eastern city, defeating a strong Islamic State attack, a military media unit run by Lebanon s Hezbollah said on Friday.  Islamic State s assault, which began on Thursday, is the first major counterattack against the Syrian army and its allies since they broke through a swathe of territory to reach the city of Deir al-Zor this month.  The Syrian army and its allies completely secured the Deir al-Zor-Palmyra highway after foiling the intense attack,  the Hezbollah media unit said.  The highway has become passable for traffic in both directions to and from Deir al-Zor.  Hezbollah is one of the main allies of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, alongside Russia, Iran and other Shi ite militias.  Earlier on Friday, a commander in the military alliance backing Assad had said the road linking Deir al-Zor to Palmyra was being used only when absolutely necessary, and that the army and its allies were fighting to recover lost ground.  Islamic State had captured the town of al-Shoula, which sits on the highway, and the commander said at least 10 Hezbollah fighters had been killed in the fighting. Islamic State said it had killed about 40 Syrian soldiers and captured several positions.  The Syrian army s advance to Deir al-Zor, helped by the Russian military and Iranian-backed militias, lifted a three-year-long Islamic State siege on a government-held enclave in the city. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the Islamic State attacks had killed more than 58 fighters from the Syrian army and allied forces since Thursday. A U.S.-backed alliance of Syrian militias, the Syrian Democratic Forces, is waging a separate offensive against Islamic State in Deir al-Zor to the east of the Euphrates River, which bisects the province. In an undated recorded statement released on Thursday, Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi pressed his followers to  stand fast  and keep fighting. ",1
18674,"Iraq plans to take control of Kurdistan region's border 'in coordination' with Iran, Turkey","ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq plans to take control of the borders of its autonomous Kurdistan region  in coordination  with Iran and Turkey, the Iraqi Defence Ministry said on Friday. The statement did not give more detail or indicate specifically whether Iraqi forces were planning to move toward the external border posts controlled by the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) from the Iranian and Turkish side.   The move to seize the border posts is a response to a Kurdish referendum on Monday that produced a vote in favor of secession from Iraq. Following the vote, Iraq, Iran and Turkey demanded that the KRG relinquish control over its external border crossings with Turkey, Iran and Syria. Backed by Ankara and Tehran, the Iraqi government has demanded that the Kurdish leadership cancel the result of the referendum or face the prospect of sanctions, international isolation and possibly a military intervention. Earlier on Friday, a ban imposed by Iraq s central government on international flights to Kurdistan went into effect after the KRG rejected a demand to hand over control of its international airports in Erbil and Sulaimaniya. The KRG also refused to relinquish control of its border crossings, Erbil-based TV Rudaw said on Friday, citing a Kurdish official. The Iraqi Defence Ministry said the implementation of central government decisions to take over management of all the border posts and airports was  going as planned in coordination with the relevant authorities and neighboring countries, and there is no delay in the procedures .  Iraqi state television said an Iraqi military delegation had visited the Kurdistan border from the Iranian side. An Iraqi force is also deployed on the Turkish side of the border as part of joint drills with the Turkish army. ",1
18675,Putin critic Navalny detained by police before pre-election rally,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny was detained by police as he left his Moscow home on Friday to attend a pre-election rally in a provincial town. Russia holds a presidential election in March which incumbent Vladimir Putin is widely expected to contest. Navalny hopes to run despite Russia s central election commission declaring him ineligible because of a suspended prison sentence which he says was politically-motivated.   Navalny said on social media on Friday that police had detained him in the lobby of his apartment block and told him they wanted to interview him at a police station. He was released around 11 hours later and told to appear in court on Monday to face charges of repeatedly violating laws governing the organization of public meetings and rallies, Navalny s spokeswoman told Reuters. He faces up to 30 days in jail if found guilty, she said.  The press service of Moscow s interior ministry was cited by the TASS news agency as saying Navalny had been detained due to his  repeated calls to take part in unsanctioned public events .  The authorities say opposition protests must be pre-approved by them, but Navalny has in the past said that the Russian constitution enshrines the right to hold such events freely. On Friday, he denied the police s latest allegations, writing on social media:  I ve never done that.   Navalny had been due to address a pre-election rally in the city of Nizhny Novgorod later on Friday, part of a series of regional events he hoped would help him build support for his presidential run. ",1
18676,About 500 French children in jihadi-held areas of Iraq and Syria: official,"PARIS (Reuters) - Some 700 French adults, one-third of them women, and about 500 children are in jihadi-held areas in Iraq and Syria, an official at the French president s office said on Friday, raising potential legal challenges over how to handle them. The presidency official said that half of the 500 children were born there, and in total about 2,000 French nationals or residents had gone to the two countries, of whom between 200 and 300 had been killed. France, like other European nations, is wrestling with how to deal with those returning from the conflict. Interior Minister Gerard Collomb, said in August that 271 jihadi militants had gone back to France and were under investigation.  Around 1,400 foreign wives and children of suspected Islamic State fighters are being held by Iraqi authorities in a camp after government forces expelled the jihadist group from one of its last remaining strongholds in Iraq. ",1
18677,Israeli nuclear whistleblower gets offer to live with wife in Oslo,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norway offered on Friday to let Israeli nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu live in Oslo with his Norwegian wife, but she said it was unclear if Israel will allow him to travel. Vanunu, 62, married theology professor Kristin Joachimsen in Jerusalem in 2015 after first meeting in Israel almost a decade earlier. She applied for him to be allowed to come to Norway under rules for family reunification and a spokesman for the Norwegian Directorate of Immigration said permission had been granted. Vanunu was jailed and served an 18-year sentence after discussing his work at Israel s Dimona nuclear reactor with a British newspaper in 1986. The interview led experts to conclude the facility had produced fissile material for as many as 200 atomic warheads. After his release from jail in 2004, Israeli defense authorities imposed strict conditions on Vanunu, including from traveling abroad, alleging he was a security risk and might have new secrets to tell. Joachimsen said the Israeli restrictions were up for review in November and expressed hopes they would be lifted.  We have waited long enough for the case to be solved on Israel s side,  she said. The restrictions, upheld by Israel s Supreme Court, have been condemned by international human rights groups. ",1
18678,Eastern Congo rebels aim to march on Kinshasa: spokesman,"GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - A rebel spokesman in eastern Congo said on Friday that his movement intended to march across the country to the capital Kinshasa to depose President Joseph Kabila, who refused to quit power at the end of his mandate last year. Led by self-proclaimed  general  William Yakutumba, the rebel force, calling itself the National People s Coalition for the Sovereignty of Congo (CNPSC), has emerged as one of the strongest groups in Democratic Republic of Congo s lawless eastern borderlands since its formation in June. Analysts doubt that the CNPSC has the capacity to make a move on the capital. However it briefly captured some strategic towns in June and advanced this week to within a few kilometers of the city of Uvira along Lake Tanganyika, forcing U.N. helicopters to intervene to help Congolese troops drive them back. Congo has been beset by a wave of prison breaks, rebellions and lawlessness since Kabila s refusal to step down in December.   We are even going to reach Kinshasa,  Dalton Waubwela  Mwila, secretary-general of the CNPSC, told Reuters in a telephone interview.  Our ultimate objective is to be in Kinshasa.   Kabila s father, Laurent, came to power in 1997 on the back of a rebellion that started in eastern Congo, marching the more than 2,000 kilometers (1,200 miles) to the capital, but he crucially received backing from the armies of neighbouring Rwanda and Uganda.     Waubwela said that the CNPSC includes a number of armed groups in eastern Congo, including in its home province of South Kivu and the neighbouring provinces of North Kivu, Tanganyika and Maniema, where heavy fighting was also reported this week.  Yakutumba formed a militia bearing his name in 2007 and established himself as a warlord, gold smuggler and arms trafficker in South Kivu s Fizi territory, but looks to be trying to raise an insurrection with nationwide support.     Regional wars in eastern Congo, which holds vast reserves of gold, tin, coltan and other minerals, between 1996-2003 killed millions and spawned dozens of armed groups that continue to exploit natural resources and prey on local populations.    Waubwela claimed that the coalition includes more than 10,000 men, but analysts estimate the size of the militia at closer to 300-450, and say it would require significant foreign backing or fresh alliances to be able to occupy much territory, let alone threaten Kabila in Kinshasa.  Waubwela said the rebels have armed themselves with weapons captured from Congolese forces. Speaking to reporters in the eastern city of Goma on Thursday, the army s top general, Didier Etumba, dismissed the CNPSC as a  flash in the pan  that the army would  put out .  But the rebellion is yet another security headache for Kabila, who is also trying to tame a brutal insurgency in central Congo s Kasai region, which has killed up to 5,000 people and displaced 1.4 million more in the past year.  ",1
18679,Cuba says U.S. decision to reduce Havana embassy staff is 'hasty',"HAVANA (Reuters) - The United States  decision to reduce staff at its Havana embassy was hasty and will affect bilateral relations, Cuba s Foreign Ministry chief for U.S. Affairs Josefina Vidal said on Friday.  We consider the decision announced today by the U.S. government through the State Department is hasty and will affect bilateral relations,  Vidal said in a briefing broadcast on state-run television during the midday news show. ",1
18680,"U.S.-led forces acknowledge killing 50 more civilians in Iraq, Syria","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. led coalition fighting Islamic State militants on Friday confirmed that another 50 civilians had been killed in strikes in Iraq and Syria, raising the total number of civilians it has killed to 735 since the conflict began in 2014.  The coalition said in a statement that during August, it had assessed 185 reports of civilian casualties and found that the additional 50 deaths occurred in 14 incidents that it deemed were credible.  The coalition, battling to defeat Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria, says it goes to great lengths to avoid civilian casualties. The military s official tally is far below those of outside organizations. The monitoring group Airwars says at least 5,486 civilians have been killed by coalition air strikes. ",1
18681,"Blast hits Afghan capital near Shi'ite mosque, killing at least one","KABUL (Reuters) - Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide attack near a large Shi ite mosque in the Afghan capital on Friday that killed at least one person and wounded five others. The blast hit the Qala-e Fatehullah area of the city, near the Hussainya mosque, and came as security forces were on alert for possible attacks during Ashura, the holiest celebration in the Shi ite religious calendar. President Ashraf Ghani issued a statement saying that the attackers would not be able to shake the unity of the Afghan people with their  inhumane and irreligious  attacks. A statement from Islamic State, which has claimed a string of attacks on Shi ite targets over the past two years, said its fighters had carried out the attack. Afghanistan, a mainly Sunni Islamic country, has mostly avoided the sectarian violence that has devastated countries such as Iraq, but there have been increasing numbers of attacks on Shi ite targets in recent years. Security officials said at least two attackers had been killed as they carried out the operation, apparently intended to hit the mosque, just a month after 20 people were killed during prayers at another Shi ite mosque in Kabul. A hospital run by the Italian aid group Emergency said five wounded had been brought in following the blast but a witness at the scene said eight or nine people had been wounded or killed. The local affiliate of Islamic State has claimed several attacks on Shi ite targets in Kabul in recent years and the government has allowed the Shi ite community to place armed guards near mosques ahead of Ashura. No reliable census information exists on the size of the Shi ite community in Afghanistan, but estimates range around 10-20 percent, with most coming from the Persian-speaking Hazara and Tajik ethnic groups. ",1
18682,"U.S. Justice Department, Latin American countries charge 3,800 gang members","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department and officials from three Latin American countries announced criminal charges against more than 3,800 members of the MS-13 and 18th Street gangs on Friday, including 70 people in six U.S. states.  MS-13 coordinates across our borders to kill, rape and traffic drugs and underage girls; we ve got to coordinate across our borders to stop them,  U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a statement, joined by his counterparts from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador. ",1
18683,"More than half of schools in Boko Haram's region are shut, UNICEF says","ABUJA (Reuters) - More than half the schools in the state at the epicentre of Nigeria s conflict with Islamist militant group Boko Haram are still closed, the United Nations  children agency said on Friday, as the insurgency drags into its ninth year.  The lack of schools could continue to fuel Boko Haram or similar movements in the future as it means young people in the restive northeast region have few prospects, experts say. The conflict with Boko Haram, whose name roughly translates as  Western education is forbidden  in the Hausa language that is widely spoken in northern Nigeria, has killed more than 20,000 people since 2009.  It has embroiled the region in one of the world s worst humanitarian crises, with at least 10.7 million people in need of assistance, according to the United Nations.  In addition to devastating malnutrition, violence and an outbreak of cholera, the attacks on schools are in danger of creating a lost generation of children, threatening their and the countries  future,  Justin Forsyth, a deputy director for the United Nations Children s Fund (UNICEF), said in a statement. More than 57 percent of schools are shut in Borno state, where most of the conflict and resulting crisis have taken place, as the new academic year begins, the statement said.  More than 2,295 teachers have been killed, at least 19,000 displaced and almost 1,400 schools destroyed, UNICEF said. Forsyth later said in an interview that three million children in the northeast required some form of education, adding that some attended rudimentary schools.  He said Borno state government had returned about 750,000 children to school, but gave no details about the period of time over which they returned.  On the issue of educating children who had been recruited to fight in the conflict, Forsyth said military and state government officials had agreed to the release of 600 children and mothers next week.   This is also a process of rehabilitation because these children have been traumatised,  he said.  Despite aid agencies  efforts to set up schools for children in the northeast, particularly those displaced by the insurgency, UNICEF said it has only received three-fifths of the total funding it needs for 2017. Combined with climate change taking its toll in recent years on farming, a mainstay of the region, the lack of schooling has left many without job opportunities. ",1
18684,More than 60 Rohingya feared drowned as U.S. steps up pressure on Myanmar,"COX S BAZAR, Bangladesh/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - More than 60 Rohingya Muslim refugees from Myanmar are believed to have drowned when their boat capsized, the latest victims in what the United Nations says is the world s fastest-developing refugee emergency. The refugees drowned in heavy seas off Bangladesh late on Thursday, part of a new surge of people fleeing a Myanmar military campaign that began on Aug. 25 and has triggered an exodus of some 502,000 people. International anger over the crisis is growing. In New York, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley called on countries to suspend providing weapons to Myanmar over the violence. It was the first time the United States had called for punishment of Myanmar s military, but she stopped short of threatening to reimpose U.S. sanctions which were suspended under the Obama administration. Buddhist-majority Myanmar rejects accusations of ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity and has denounced rights abuses. Its military launched a big offensive in response to coordinated attacks on the security forces by Rohingya insurgents in the north of Rakhine state on Aug. 25. U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the Security Council the violence had spiraled into the  world s fastest-developing refugee emergency, a humanitarian and human rights nightmare . Colonel Anisul Haque, head of the Bangladeshi border guards in the town of Teknaf, told Reuters more refugees had arrived over the past day or two after the number had seemed to be tailing off, with about 1,000 landing at the main entry point on the coast on Thursday. The refugee boat capsized in driving rain and high seas as darkness fell. An official with the International Organization for Migration said 23 people were confirmed dead and 40 were missing. Seventeen survived.  We re now saying 40 missing, which suggests the total fatality rate will be in the range of 63,  the official, Joe Millman, told a news briefing in Geneva. One survivor, Abdul Kalam, 55, said his wife, two daughters and a grandson were among the dead, who were buried at tearful funerals on Friday. Kalam said armed Buddhists came to his village about a week ago and took livestock and food. He said villagers were summoned to a military office and told there were no such people as Rohingya in Myanmar. After that he decided to leave and headed to the coast with his family, avoiding military camps on the way. A spokesman for the U.N. refugee agency said a fifth of new arrivals were suffering from acute malnutrition. The Bangladeshi Red Crescent said its clinics were treating increasing numbers of people with acute diarrhea. The World Health Organization has said one of the diseases it is particularly worried about is cholera.   We re seeing the absolute perfect breeding ground for a major health crisis,  said Unni Krishnan, director of Save the Children s Emergency Health Unit. In a ramping up of the pressure on Myanmar, also known as Burma, Haley echoed U.N. accusations that the displacement of hundreds of thousands of people in Rakhine state was ethnic cleansing.  We cannot be afraid to call the actions of the Burmese authorities what they appear to be - a brutal, sustained campaign to cleanse the country of an ethnic minority,  Haley told the U.N. Security Council. The United States said earlier the army response to the insurgent attacks was  disproportionate  and the crisis raised questions about Myanmar s transition, under the leadership of Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, after decades of military rule. Suu Kyi has no power over the generals under a military-drafted constitution. She has nevertheless drawn scathing criticism from around the world for not stopping the violence. The public in Myanmar, where Buddhist nationalism has surged over recent years, largely supports the offensive against the insurgents. Haley said the military must respect rights and fundamental freedoms, and those who had been accused of abuses should be removed from command and prosecuted.  And any country that is currently providing weapons to the Burmese military should suspend these activities until sufficient accountability measures are in place,  she said. There was no ethnic cleansing or genocide in Myanmar, its national security adviser, Thaung Tun, said at the United Nations, adding that Myanmar had invited Guterres to visit. China and Russia, which have veto powers in the Security Council, expressed support for Myanmar. The U.N. Human Rights Council extended the mandate of a Myanmar fact-finding mission by six months, until September 2018, over the objections of Myanmar, China and the Philippines. Myanmar s representative said the mission was  not helpful, was not in line with the situation on the ground and would do no good to finding a solution to Rakhine issues . Myanmar says it will not grant visas to mission investigators.   ",1
18685,Rohingya Muslims say goodbye to their own after boat capsizes,"COX S BAZAR (Reuters) - Grieving Rohingya Muslim refugees buried 18 of their own, including children, on Friday, hours after they drowned off the Bangladesh coast where their boat capsized in heavy seas.   Relatives wept after they identified the bodies in a makeshift morgue and took them away to be buried in a mass grave.    Our boat hit a big rock and it turned over,  said Lalu Miya, whose wife, daughter and two sons died in the accident late Thursday. Another two children are missing. Suna Miya said he lost three daughters, aged 10, 8 and 3, in the accident. His wife and three other children survived. As men prepared the burial ground in daylight, relatives squatted around babies covered in cloth. Hands reached out to touch the children. Miya bent over his daughter to cradle her head, and kissed her goodbye.   More than 60 refugees from Myanmar are believed to have drowned, the latest victims in what the United Nations says is the world s fastest-developing refugee emergency.   A surge in the numbers of Rohingya fleeing the Myanmar military campaign has taken the total to more than half a million in Bangladesh. Abul Kalam, 55, who survived, said his wife, two daughters and a grandson were dead. Kalam said armed Buddhists had taken away his livestock and food a week ago. He said villagers had been summoned to a military office and told that there were no such people as Rohingya in Myanmar.   The refugee boat capsized as darkness fell, in driving wind and rain, and high seas.   An official with the International Organization for Migration said 23 people were confirmed dead and 40 were missing. Seventeen survived. ",1
18686,Tanzania closes third newspaper since June as part of media crackdown,"DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Tanzania shut down another newspaper on Friday - the third since June - after a warning from President John Magufuli earlier in the year that the days of newspapers his government viewed as unethical were numbered. Hassan Abbasi, the director-general of the state-run Tanzania Information Services, said in a statement that Raia Mwema, a weekly newspaper, had been banned from publishing for 90 days, starting on Friday. The independently-owned outlet was suspended, he said, after publishing an article this week saying Magufuli was destined to fail in his job and in which it attributed  fabricated  statements to the president. The government ... issued a lenient punishment despite the gravity of the offense because the editors admitted their mistake,  he said.Tanzania suspended publication of the weekly MwanaHalisi newspaper for 24 months on Sept. 20 and banned another newspaper, Mawio, in June for a similar period.Magufuli, nicknamed  The Bulldozer  for his forceful leadership style, has won some praise from Western donors for an anti-corruption drive and for cutting wasteful public spending.But opponents accuse him of increasingly undermining democracy by curbing dissent and stifling free speech. ",1
18687,Spanish court orders Google to delete app used for Catalan independence vote,"MADRID (Reuters) - Catalonia s High Court on Friday ordered Google to delete an application that it said Catalan separatists were using to spread information about a disputed independence vote this Sunday. The court said the  On Votar 1-Oct  application on the Google Play smartphone app store opposed an order in September from Spain s Constitutional Court to suspend the referendum while it determined its legality. The court also ordered Google to block any future applications developed by the gmail address  Onvotar1oct@gmail.com , according to a written ruling. Nobody at Google in Spain was immediately available to comment. Catalonia s government said on Friday it was determined to go ahead with the vote which Spain s government calls illegal. ",1
18688,International air ban over Iraqi Kurdistan comes into effect,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - An ban on international flights to Iraqi Kurdistan, imposed by Iraq s central government in retaliation for the region s vote for independence, went into effect at 6:00 pm (1500 GMT) on Friday, Iraqi state TV said. Baghdad had given the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) until 6:00 p.m. to hand over control of its international airports in Erbil and Sulaimaniya to avoid the ban. The KRG said it would not comply. The last international flight from Erbil, the seat of the KRG, took off at about 5:00 pm (1400 GMT), an airport official said. The Zagrosjet flight was heading to Istanbul. Only passengers traveling domestically were still trickling into Erbil airport after 4 p.m. as the flight ban does not affect flights between Iraq and the Kurdish region. One of the last planes to arrive on Friday before the international flight ban took effect came from Turkey, carrying the bodies of Kurdish migrants who drowned last week off Turkey s Black Sea coast while trying to reach Europe.  Dozens of men and women dressed in black showed up to receive the bodies of their relatives.  Hassan Mohammad, from Rania province near Sulaimaniya, came for his 19-year-old nephew, Alan Ahmed.   He wanted to get to Europe to have a better life,  Mohammad said, adding that despite the flight ban the Iraqi federal government had helped to repatriate his nephew s body.  A group of about 200 young people gathered nearby with Kurdish flags and colorful balloons which read  Yes for Kurdistan  in both English and Arabic. Rally organizers said they had come to show support for Kurdistan in the face of Iraq s measures. A small group of travelers complained that they had not been notified early enough of the cancellation of a Pegasus flight to Ankara that had been due to take off 10 minutes before the ban took effect.  I called the airline office in Ankara, and they swore that the flight was taking off,  said Salma, who had planned to travel to the Turkish capital with her three sisters and three children.  Now what are we supposed to do?  The family were given the option of flying to Ankara from Baghdad on Saturday, but it would cost $1,000 per ticket which Salma, who declined to give her last name, said the family could not afford.   I guess this is independence,  she said.  ",1
18689,"Merkel, Macron pledge to lead EU forward post-Brexit","TALLINN (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron won backing from Angela Merkel for plans to reform the European Union after Brexit, founded on what the German chancellor called  intense  cooperation between Paris and Berlin. But many leaders remained wary of ambitious new projects, doubting the appetite of voters for giving up national control and fearing the continued strength of anti-EU sentiment that is taking Britain out of the bloc and saw the far-right win dozens of seats in the German parliament in Sunday s election.  Last night s discussions showed there s a common realization of a need for a leap forward in Europe,  Macron told reporters on Friday after an EU summit dinner that stretched beyond midnight in the Estonian capital Tallinn.  Today we re all convinced Europe must move ahead faster and stronger, for more sovereignty, more unity and more democracy.  Macron voiced satisfaction with summit chair Donald Tusk s commitment to report back to EU leaders when they meet again in three weeks with proposals for concrete steps to be taken. Tusk himself referred to a profusion of reform initiatives, such as those from Macron in a barnstorming pro-European speech at the Sorbonne on Tuesday and by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker earlier this month. But Tusk, a former Polish premier, also added a note of caution, urging a  step-by-step  approach to  real problems . He insisted the EU needed to maintain unity in the face of conflicting views about so many new initiatives:  Even though some may think it is a kind of a Eurovision contest, and perhaps it is, I am personally convinced that together, we will make good use of it, if we sing unisono. Merkel, re-elected for a fourth term on Sunday but weakened by the rise of an insurgent eurosceptic opposition, met Macron for half an hour before the dinner and, according to a French aide, welcomed his speech as  visionary  and a return of co-founder France as a driving force in the European Union project. But she also noted differences. Some of her potential new coalition partners, along with northern governments like the Dutch and Finns, are very dubious about his suggestions for pooling budgets with less fiscally austere states in the south.  As far as the proposals were concerned, there was a high level of agreement between German and France. We must still discuss the details, but I am of the firm conviction that Europe can t just stay still but must continue to develop,  she said. Merkel is happy to play what she sees as a traditional role in a partnership that has driven the Union for 60 years, German officials say, with France back on form as a creative force and Berlin building consensus and helping put ideas into practice. Macron faced a reality check of scepticism from leaders wary of his talk of ambitious  horizons  for the continent. The no-nonsense president of euro zone member Lithuania, Dalia Grybauskaite, tweeted during the dinner:  European horizons drawn. Important to avoid mirages in the desert on the way.  Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte told reporters countries needed first to reform their own economies:  You re starting with the end point ... There is a discussion about a European finance minister   but no one has told me what he would do.   British Prime Minister Theresa May also attended the dinner, despite Britain s increasing isolation as it prepares to quit.  She took the opportunity of Friday s  digital summit  in Tallinn to visit British troops on a NATO mission in northern Estonia and pledged post-Brexit security cooperation with European neighbors confronting Russian threats. May arrived knowing that a keynote major Brexit speech she made last Friday succeeded in unblocking talks in Brussels this week on Britain s divorce package   though the leaders in Tallinn were at pains to avoid appearing to negotiate with her. The chief EU negotiator, Michel Barnier, praised on Thursday a  new dynamic  to Brexit negotiations created by concessions made by May, although progress was still not sufficient to allow discussions on future trade relations. That message was rammed home by Juncker, Barnier s boss, who told reporters in Tallinn that it would take  miracles  to have sufficient progress by next month and he did not expect that   effectively ruling out EU leaders giving a green light to trade talks when they meet in Brussels on Oct. 19-20.   Friday s talks on a  digital agenda  for Europe ranged from cross-border data flows and privacy to cybersecurity and taxing online businesses. ",1
18690,Talks on future EU-UK ties before divorce settled would weaken EU: Macron,"TALLINN (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Friday the European Union would be weakened if it agreed to discuss its future trading relationship with Britain before Brexit divorce terms are settled.  If we accept speaking about life after (Brexit) we will open 27 debates on the future life that are profoundly weakening for the EU. That s why the chosen method is the good one,  Macron said when asked why the EU did not soften a negotiating approach that has frustrated London. ",1
18691,Germany's far-right AfD has more immigrant MPs than Merkel's conservatives,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) will have proportionally more lawmakers with an immigrant background in the new parliament than Chancellor Angela s conservatives, according to a survey. The AfD, which enters parliament for the first time after winning 12.6 percent of the vote in Sunday s election, has been sharply critical of Merkel s decision to take in 1.3 million mainly Muslim migrants and says Islam has no place in Germany. Yet 7.5 percent of the AfD s 93 lawmakers have an immigrant background compared with only 2.5 percent of the conservatives, according to the survey by Mediendienst Integration, an online portal that collects data on immigration and asylum. That leaves the AfD and the conservative bloc each with seven lawmakers with a recent immigrant background.  Ironically, by entering parliament, the anti-immigrant AfD has contributed to a rise in the number of deputies with an immigration background,  said Jannis Panagiotidis of Osnabrueck University. Some 22.5 percent of Germany s 82 million population have an immigrant background, which means they did not have German citizenship at birth or were born to at least one parent who was not born German. Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Christian Social Union (CSU) Bavarian allies won most seats in the election on Sept. 24, which secured Merkel a fourth term but saw her conservatives  support plunge to its lowest level in the post-war period. The CDU/CSU, which together have 246 seats in the Bundestag lower house, are expected to try to build a coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens. The AfD is the third largest party in the new lower house Bundestag, behind the center-left Social Democrats. The new 709-seat assembly will have a total 57 members with an immigration background, 20 more than in the outgoing Bundestag, which had 630 seats. The far-left Die Linke has the highest percentage of immigrant deputies - nearly 19 percent.     ",1
18692,"Only 'miracles' can move Brexit talks forward by October, EU tells Britain","TALLINN (Reuters) - Only  miracles  can move Brexit talks far enough to fulfill Britain s hopes of launching discussions next month on its future ties with the European Union, the head of the European Commission said on Friday. Prime Minister Theresa May had been hoping to use an informal EU meeting in the Estonian capital Tallinn to harness what she describes as renewed goodwill over Brexit to push the talks beyond the terms of the divorce, now just 18 months away.  Britain had aimed to make a breakthrough at a summit in Brussels on Oct. 19-20. Two years have been set aside for the Brexit talks and Britain risks crashing out of the 28-state bloc on March 29, 2019, without a deal on future trade terms. But Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the EU executive and long a bogeyman for some in Britain s eurosceptic press, said the first stage of talks on the rights of expatriates, the UK border with EU member Ireland and the financial settlement when Britain leaves had not gone far enough.  By the end of October, we will not have sufficient progress,  Juncker told reporters in Tallinn, a day after his chief negotiator ended the last round of Brexit talks.  At the end of this week, I am saying that there will be no sufficient progress from now until October unless miracles will happen.  His words were echoed by other leaders. Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said both sides would need  a small miracle  to make the required progress before the summit. Irish leader Leo Varadkar said it was  still very evident that there s more work to be done . Their views will be a blow for May, who wants to move quickly on to discussion of the future trade relationship and a transitional arrangement - part of the deal Britain says is needed before any kind of financial settlement can be agreed. In Tallinn, May sidestepped questions over whether she was confident of the October deadline. After three months of talks, which have become bogged down in a spat over the divorce bill, the British prime minister tried to reset the tone with a speech a week ago in Florence. She had hoped to speak directly to EU leaders and reassure them that Britain was not picking unnecessary fights, going so far as to make concessions on the future role of the European Court of Justice and on the Brexit bill.  I made that speech to give momentum to the talks and I think we have seen that being shown in the talks that have taken place this week, and further progress has been made,  May said early on Friday. Pressing her case, she met German Chancellor Angela Merkel on the sidelines of the Tallinn summit and repeated her pledge for Britain to be  the strongest friend and partner to the EU  after Brexit, her spokeswoman said. Merkel said there had been progress, but that there was also a lot of work to do before October.  Altogether it was a very constructive talk,  Merkel told a news conference at the end of the summit.  I think that the Florence speech helped to bring a new dynamic into the negotiation process.  May also held talks with Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo, who is concerned about the 800,000 Poles living in Britain. Both agreed on  the importance of reaching an early settlement on citizens  rights , May s spokeswoman said.  But a Spanish government official was blunt.  We don t negotiate with speeches, we negotiate with documents on the table,  he said, describing the two sides as  nowhere near  agreement on the Northern Ireland border and the divorce bill. On citizens  rights, considered by London one of the easier issues to settle, the official said Britain and the EU were getting close, but progress was  not sufficient yet . In a morning visit to Estonia s Tapa military base, where 800 British troops are deployed as part of NATO s efforts to defend against a newly assertive Russia, May said Britain was  unconditionally committed  to protecting Europe after Brexit. By focusing on defense, May wants to show that Britain has something to offer its European neighbors. She will say she is ready to share British expertise   including through the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC)   to help EU nations build up their own cybersecurity capability. That, she hopes, could bolster her argument on the Brexit talks, and coax the EU into making concessions. ",1
18693,Plague outbreak in Madagascar kills 20: WHO,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - An outbreak of plague has killed 20 people in the space of a month in Madagascar, with a further 84 infected, the World Health Organisation (WHO) said on Friday. Plague is mainly spread by flea-carrying rats. Humans bitten by an infected flea usually develop a bubonic form of plague, which swells lymph nodes and can be treated with antibiotics.  But the more dangerous pneumonic form invades the lungs and can kill a person within 24 hours if not treated. About half of the 104 known cases are pneumonic, the WHO said. WHO spokesman Tarik Jasarevic told reporters in Geneva that areas affected included the capital Antananarivo and the port cities of Mahajenga and Toamasina. The U.N. health agency said it feared that the outbreak could worsen because the season for plague, which is endemic in Madagascar, had only just begun, and runs until April. On average, 400 cases are reported each year.  The overall risk of further spread at the national level is high,  WHO said in a statement. ",1
18694,Germany's Merkel to name aide Altmaier as stand-in finance minister: sources,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel s chief of staff will become acting and temporary finance minister when Wolfgang Schaeuble leaves office, sources in her conservative party said on Friday. The decision comes as negotiations to form a new government look likely to drag into 2018.     The sources said Merkel had decided that Peter Altmaier would take over from Schaeuble, who agreed on Wednesday to become president of the lower house of parliament to let someone from another coalition party take the role. . Government spokeswoman Ulrike Demmer would not deny the news, first reported by Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper, but noted the Bundestag would not elect a new president until its first session, which must take place by Oct. 24.  We will inform you about everything promptly after that,  Demmer told a regular news conference. Altmaier, a conservative and close confidant of Merkel s, would take over after the 75-year-old Schaeuble is nominated by the conservative alliance at a meeting on Oct. 17. He would then hand over to whoever is named by a new coalition partner, probably the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), which urged Merkel to accelerate the process of forming a new government. Fifty-nine percent of Germans support Merkel s aim to create a three-way coalition with the FDP and the environmentalist Greens, a survey for broadcaster ZDF found.  But a so-called  Jamaica  coalition - after the parties  colors of black, yellow and green that match the Jamaican flag - has never been tested at the national level and there are serious differences on migration, energy, taxes and Europe. Complicating coalition talks is a debate between Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian sister party, the CSU, which lost 10 percentage points in Sunday s vote. Eager to claw back support ahead of state elections in 2018, the CSU has redoubled its calls for limiting migration, something Merkel has opposed. Only 23 percent of Germans would favor the continuation of the  grand coalition  of Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD), which governed for the last four years. Almost two-thirds of those polled supported the SPD s decision to go into opposition at the national level after its worst election result in the post-war era on Sunday. Andrea Nahles, the SPD s newly elected parliamentary leader, said the conservatives, the FDP and Greens  need to and will get(a coalition agreement) done .  If Chancellor Merkel thinks the SPD is a tactical reserve option for an emergency, then she is wrong,  Nahles told Bild. Altmaier himself suggested negotiations may take longer than four years ago, when a deal was done by Christmas.  That s what I m hoping for, but what s decisive is the substance, not the date,  Altmaier said in an interview published by Focus magazine on Friday. Exploratory talks are expected after the Oct. 15 election in the state of Lower Saxony, now ruled by a coalition of the SPD and Greens. But Wolfgang Kubicki, deputy leader of the FDP, urged Merkel to get the process started sooner.  Everyone knows what needs to be done. There s no reason to wait any longer,  he told the Handelsblatt newspaper. He said the conflict within conservatives  should not result in Germany remaining without a new government for a long time.  Underscoring the problems still ahead in forming a government, key officials with the Greens and FDP on Friday questioned a push by Merkel s conservatives to implement facial recognition technology in video surveillance.  Kubicki told Der Spiegel:  Widespread facial recognition would be a significant step toward a surveillance state.  Konstantin von Notz, deputy of the Greens in parliament, echoed his concerns, adding,  Then we wouldn t be living in a free country anymore.       ",1
18695,Germany's FDP look to fill Schaeuble's big shoes,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Wolfgang Schaeuble s decision to step aside as German finance minister has given the Free Democratic Party what it has long craved: the chance to shape policy from the most coveted perch in Chancellor Angela Merkel s next coalition government. However the opportunity also presents the party with a conundrum. FDP leader Christian Lindner has signaled for months that he would prefer to lead the business-friendly party in parliament rather than take a cabinet job under Merkel. If Lindner sticks to his stance then the FDP, which is returning to parliament after a four-year hiatus, must find someone else to fill one of the most important positions in international economic and financial policy. The person who replaces Schaeuble could also carry the prestigious title of vice chancellor.  The only party member besides Lindner with that kind of stature is Wolfgang Kubicki, whose political skills are unquestioned but who is also known as a loose cannon, a reputation that may not suit a sensitive job where a few ill-judged words can move global financial markets.  If it is not Lindner, then there are not a lot of options,  said one senior figure in the party.  Kubicki might be the only one with the profile and political weight.  The finance ministry seems to be the FDP s for the taking. As the second biggest party in what is expected to be a three-way coalition with Merkel s conservatives and the Greens, it would have first choice of cabinet post. The post has become more influential over the past decade as Germany, the world s fourth largest economy, navigated the global financial crisis and euro zone turmoil. Schaeuble, who is becoming president of the parliament, was known for his budget discipline and tough stance toward struggling euro partners like Greece. Whoever replaces him will play a crucial role in shaping Germany s response to calls from French President Emmanuel Macron for an ambitious overhaul of the EU and euro zone.  The finance ministry will be absolutely crucial in the next government in shaping not just Germany s fiscal stance but the future of Europe,  said Jens Boysen-Hogrefe of the Kiel Institute for the World Economy. No one besides Lindner deserves more credit for the FDP s revival after its disastrous 2013 election result than the 65-year-old Kubicki, a quick-witted lawyer who sails around on his yacht  Liberty  and is known as one of the most outspoken, colorful figures in German politics. Earlier this year, after Donald Trump announced his travel ban on seven mainly Muslim countries, Kubicki said Berlin should retaliate by barring the U.S. president from entering Germany. He has made clear in the past that he is interested in the finance job. In a 2010 interview with newspaper Die Zeit, he said it was the only position that might lure him from his home in the port of Kiel in the northern state of Schleswig-Holstein.  Only one post would interest me, finance minister,  Kubicki said at the time.  Finance minister is the key job, and I would like to prove that budget consolidation can work.  Asked on Friday by German daily Handelsblatt whether he wanted the job, Kubicki dodged the question, saying policy was more important than cabinet posts.   But the interview with Die Zeit showed why the party, and Merkel, might have second thoughts. Explaining why he hadn t yet made a move to Berlin, Kubicki told the paper that if he did, he could turn into a  drinker  and  possibly also a whoremonger . He then painted a hedonistic picture of political life in Berlin, replete with alcohol-soaked receptions and trysts with random women. When asked about these comments today, Kubicki who is married to his third wife, says he has become  ethically and morally centered  in the intervening years.  The names of other FDP politicians are circulating as potential finance ministers. They include Werner Hoyer, president of the European Investment Bank (EIB); Carl-Ludwig Thiele of the Bundesbank; Volker Wissing, the former head of the Bundestag finance committee; and Otto Fricke, former head of the budget committee. Two members of the European Parliament, Alexander Graf Lambsdorff and Michael Theurer, have also been mentioned. One cannot completely rule out that Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) will keep the post. If they do, Peter Altmaier, who is expected to replace Schaeuble until the new government is formed, could be a favorite. However, the scenario that several politicians in Berlin said was most likely is that Lindner will be compelled to take the finance ministry, with Kubicki sliding in as parliamentary leader, which is seen as a role more suited to his strengths. Having Lindner, the face of the FDP, outside the government would be frowned upon by Merkel, who will be trying to hold together an unwieldy coalition with the FDP and Greens, a combination that has never been tried at the federal level. There are big differences between the FDP and Greens on economic, environmental and European policy. Add in Merkel s Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU), which is pushing a hard line on immigration, and it is hard to see how the parties will bridge some policy gaps and hold together. Regardless of who takes the job, big changes in fiscal policy are seen as unlikely. The FDP has called for 30 billion euros in tax cuts, but it is unlikely to get its way in the coalition talks and it remains committed to the  Schwarze Null  balanced budget that Schaeuble defended.  You might see new impulses with an FDP finance minister,  said Boysen-Hogrefe of the Kiel institute.  But don t count on big changes. The Schwarze Null will remain a priority.   ",1
18696,Anti-Mugabe pastor acquitted in Zimbabwe of public violence charges,"HARARE (Reuters) - A  Zimbabwean court on Friday acquitted a pastor critical of President Robert Mugabe on charges of committing public violence and disorderly conduct. The charge was linked to an address Evan Mawarire made during a demonstration by university students earlier this year. Mawarire, who is also on trial for separate and more serious  charges that he attempted to subvert the government, had been arrested in June after addressing medical students protesting  against an increase in fees. Magistrate Tilda Mazhande said state prosecutors had failed to establish a case against the 40-year-old. Mawarire s High Court trial on subversion charges came to a close on Friday after eight state witnesses testified. His lawyer Harrison Nkomo said he would apply to the judge to have the case dismissed. Meanwhile, police fired teargas during sporadic clashes with a group of protesters demonstrating against cash shortages and economic difficulties in central Harare. Pressure group #Tajamuka called for the demonstration following shortages of fuel and panic buying of basic goods last weekend, which the government blamed on social media for spreading false rumors. A reporter and photographer from the private Daily News newspaper covering the protest were beaten with batons and injured by police, Editor-in-Chief Hama Saburi told Reuters. The two were admitted at a local private hospital. Police spokeswoman Charity Charamba could not be reached for comment. A Reuters witness also saw police firing into the air near an office mall in the central business district frequented by illegal foreign currency traders, forcing people to flee. Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa on Thursday told parliament that the government published rules allowing police to arrest unlicensed foreign currency traders and those found guilty would face up to ten years in prison. Most spots usually occupied by foreign currency dealers were deserted on Friday. ",1
18697,"Turkish measures against Northern Iraq won't target civilians, PM says","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s measures against northern Iraq will not target civilians and instead focus on those who organized the referendum on Kurdish independence, Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Friday. The comments appeared to back-track from those of President Tayyip Erdogan, who warned this week that Iraqi Kurds would go hungry if Ankara halted the flow of trucks and oil across the border. Iraqi Kurds overwhelmingly backed independence in the historic referendum on Monday, defying neighbors, including Turkey, who fear the vote could renew regional conflict.  In no way we will make the civilian residents there pay the price of the referendum,  Yildirim said in a speech in the northwestern Turkish province of Canakkale.  All the measures we will take will be against those who took the decision to hold the referendum.   Ankara has vowed economic, security and political steps, but has so far specified little action. In the immediate aftermath of the vote, Erdogan said it could stop the flow of trade across the border, warning that Kurds would go hungry.  (They) will be left in the lurch when we start imposing our sanctions,  he said in a speech on Tuesday.  It will be over when we close the oil taps, all (their) revenues will vanish, and they will not be able to find food when our trucks stop going to northern Iraq.  Hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil a day flow across Turkey along a pipeline from northern Iraq, connecting the region to global oil markets.  Iraq, including the Kurdish region, was Turkey s third-largest export market in 2016, with exports totaling $8.6 billion. Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekci said on Friday there were currently no obstacles for exports to Iraq. Turkey has the region s largest Kurdish population and is fighting a three-decade-old insurgency in its largely Kurdish southeast. It fears the referendum will inflame separatist tensions at home.  The Turkish military killed three Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants in a clash in northern Iraq near the border with Turkey on Thursday evening and one Turkish soldier was killed, security sources said. They said four Turkish soldiers were wounded in the firefight in the Kanimasi area of Iraq s Dohuk district, across the border from Turkey s Cukurca district. The clash occurred as Turkish and Iraqi troops held military exercises some 100 km (60 miles) to the west at the Habur border gate, part of coordinated steps by the two countries in response to the independence referendum. Turkish soldiers have for years been deployed in various parts of northern Iraq, including at Kanimasi, to prevent PKK militants crossing the border into Turkey, security sources say.  Commanders of the PKK, which is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and European Union, are based in the mountains of northern Iraq. Turkish warplanes frequently carry out cross-border air strikes against PKK targets there but reports of clashes on land are rare. More than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict since the PKK launched its separatist insurgency in 1984.  ",1
18698,Macron says there is EU 'consensus' for new reforms,"TALLINN (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Friday European Union leaders agreed during a summit dinner that they should push ahead more quickly with reforms of the bloc. Macron used the dinner in Tallinn to expound a vision of faster, deeper EU integration which he laid out in a speech on Tuesday. He told reporters the meeting had been  fruitful .  Last night s discussions showed there s a common realization of a need for a leap forward in Europe,  he said.  Today we re all convinced Europe must move ahead faster and stronger, for more sovereignty, more unity and more democracy.  ",1
18699,Merkel wants clear line on eurozone reform in German coalition talks,"TALLINN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday she wanted to agree a clear line on euro zone reforms in talks on a new coalition government in Germany. Speaking at a European Union summit in Tallinn, she added:  At the moment, we don t have an acute crisis to manage, and so the time we have won - with a relatively good economic situation, relatively good growth, more jobs in Europe - can be used to work on the further development of the European Union.   ",1
18700,The pope is writing a document on fake news - and that's the truth,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - If you ever wondered how to say  fake news  in Latin, it s  nuntii fallaces  - and Pope Francis is writing a document on just that. Francis announced it himself in a tweet to his nearly 40 million followers on Friday, saying the theme of his message for the Roman Catholic Church s next World Day of Social Communications will be  The truth will set you free. Fake news and journalism for peace.  In Latin, one of the nine languages the pope uses to tweet, that would be  Veritas liberavit vos. Nuntii fallaces et diurniariorum opus ad pacem.  A Vatican statement said the issue was important enough for the pope to address because  fake news contributes to generating and nurturing a strong polarisation of opinions.  A distortion of facts, it said, can have  repercussions at the level of individual and collective behaviour.  Francis said in an interview last year that media that focus on scandals and spread fake news to smear politicians risk becoming like people who have a morbid fascination with excrement. The Vatican statement said the leader of the 1.2 billion member Church wanted to offer  a reflection on the causes, the logic and the consequences of disinformation in the media, and helping to promote professional journalism, which always seeks the truth . The Church s next World Day of Social Communications will be celebrated on May 13. The pope s message will be released on January 24, feast of St Francis de Sales, the patron of journalists. (This version of the story corrected day of Day of Social Communications to May 13 from Jan. 24). ",1
18701,U.N. aims to open Libyan transit center early next year - senior official,"ROME (Reuters) - The U.N. refugee agency is seeking to open a refugee transit center in Tripoli early next year to resettle or evacuate as many as 5,000 of the most vulnerable refugees out of Libya each year, a senior U.N. official said on Friday. It is a small fraction of the total number of Libya s migrant population, estimated at as many as 1 million, but would be a welcome outlet for the 43,000 refugees that the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) estimates are now trapped in Libya.  We hope to have the (written) authorization soon,  Roberto Mignone, the UNHCR s representative in Libya, told Reuters in Rome. The U.N.-backed Tripoli government has already approved the project verbally, he said. The center, where migrants will be able to come and go as they please, will be in a former immigration police training facility. Once refurbished, it will be able to temporarily accommodate as many as 1,000 refugees and could be running by early 2018, Mignone said. Italy has become the main migrant route to Europe since an agreement between the EU and Turkey shut down smuggling through Greece last year, but arrivals have fallen sharply since July, when an armed group clamped down on departures. With the backing of the European Union, Italy has financed, trained and equipped by the Tripoli-based coast guard. With a national election due early next year, Italy is also promising tens of millions of euros to Prime Minister Fayez al-Seraj and municipal governments to put a stop to smuggling.  This strategy has drawn criticism from humanitarian groups that point to the dire conditions inside state detention centers, where Mignone said some 6,000 now are held, and in the much more numerous  camps  where smugglers hold migrants, often extorting them or forcing them to labor for free. Italian Interior Minister Marco Minniti has said he is depending on the U.N. refugee and migration agencies to improve conditions for refugees and migrants now trapped in Libya.  We can t be the only solution,  Mignone said, also because Libya remains very dangerous and international staff still have very limited access to the country.  There are still many risks  for international staff, he said.  A month-and-a-half ago, there was an attack on a U.N. convoy 30 km (19 miles) from Tripoli with bazookas and machine guns. It was a miracle that the worst was avoided.  Some 1,200 of the most vulnerable refugees   which includes women, children, the sick or disabled and the elderly   have already been released from detention centers at the request of the UNHCR, and about 800 more should be let out soon, Mignone said.  While the UNHCR hopes to resettle many of them, it is a lengthy process. Many countries do not have a permanent diplomatic presence in Tripoli, further complicating matters. So the agency will seek to evacuate most of them, Mignone said, to emergency transit centers in Romania, Slovakia or even Costa Rica, where they will have more time to apply for resettlement. The agency is currently working to open another emergency transit center in Niger, he said. ",1
18702,Islamic state claims suicide bombing near Kabul mosque: Amaq,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing near a large Shi ite mosque in the Afghan capital Kabul that killed at least one person on Friday, the group s Amaq news agency said. The blast hit the Qala-e Fatehullah area of the city, near the Hussainya mosque, and came with security forces on alert for possible attacks during Ashura, the holiest celebration in the Shi ite religious calendar. ",1
18703,Greece considers extradition of bitcoin fraud suspect wanted by U.S. and Russia,"ATHENS (Reuters) - A Russian cybercrime suspect told Greek judges on Friday he had  nothing to do  with allegations of masterminding a money-laundering operation using bitcoin. Alexander Vinnik was speaking to a hearing considering his extradition to the United States. He was arrested on a U.S. warrant in a hotel in northern Greece in late July and Russia has since also requested he be sent home on fraud charges.    The U.S. Justice Department says Vinnik facilitated crimes since 2011 including computer hacking, fraud and drug trafficking by laundering at least $4 billion through BTC-e, an exchange used to trade bitcoin and other digital currencies. Vinnik, who was escorted handcuffed through the back door of a Thessaloniki court, denies any wrongdoing. If extradited to the United States, he faces up to 55 years in prison.  He asserts that he has nothing to do with the charges against him,  one of his lawyers, Xanthippi Moisidou, told reporters. The judges are scheduled to announce their verdict on the U.S. request on Oct. 4. A court date for the Russian request has not yet been set.  We hope for, and we expect, a positive result,  said Alexandros Lykourezos, another of Vinnik s lawyers. He said the prosecutor s proposal in favor of extraditing Vinnik was  unsubstantiated.  Greece s justice minister can approve extradition to one country and block the other in the event of competing requests from two or more countries. Vinnik is one of seven Russians arrested or indicted on U.S. cyber crime charges this year and Moscow has sought the extradition of its nationals wanted by the U.S. before.  Yevgeniy Nikulin, an alleged Russian hacker, was arrested in Prague last year and both the United States and Russia want him extradited. Russia s Foreign Ministry had criticized Nikulin s arrest, saying it showed Washington was mounting a global manhunt against Russian citizens. ",1
18704,"U.S. military aircraft crashes in Syria, injuring two: officials","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. service member suffered non-life threatening injuries when a military aircraft crashed in Syria, U.S. officials said on Friday. In a statement, the military said the two service members were moved to a medical facility and released after it was determined that their injuries were not serious after the  hard landing.   The other passengers and crew on the aircraft were uninjured, and no other casualties were reported on the ground,  the statement said. A U.S. official, speaking on condition on anonymity, said the incident took place in Syria and involved an Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft. ",1
18705,Russia says ready to work with North Korea to resolve missile crisis,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow is prepared to work with Pyongyang to try to find a peaceful resolution to the North Korean missile crisis, the Russian Foreign ministry said on Friday. The comments came in a statement issued by the ministry after a meeting between Russian ambassador-at-large Oleg Burmistrov and Choe Son-hui, director-general of the North American department of North Korea s foreign ministry. Choe also met with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov, the ministry said.  The Russian side confirmed its readiness to combine efforts in the interests of finding ways to solve the problems in the region by peaceful, political and diplomatic means,  it said.  ",1
18706,Russia left troops in Belarus after wargames: Ukraine,"MELITOPOL, Ukraine (Reuters) - Russia has left troops behind after staging war games in Belarus despite promising not to, Ukraine s Commander in Chief Viktor Muzhenko told Reuters. In an interview on a military plane on Thursday evening, Muzhenko said Russia has withdrawn only a few units from Belarus and had lied about how many of its soldiers were there in the first place.  His comments could increase tension between the two neighbors and contradict the Belarussian defense ministry spokesman, who said the last train of Russian troops and equipment had left Belarus on Thursday. Russia s defense ministry did not respond to an immediate request for comment. Relations between Kiev and Moscow nosedived after Russia s annexation of the Crimean peninsula in 2014 and the outbreak of a separatist insurgency in eastern Ukraine that has killed more than 10,000 people.  Ukraine sees itself as being at war with Russia and has accused Moscow of sending troops and hardware to fight in the Donbass region, which Moscow denies. There are frequent casualties despite a notional ceasefire agreed in 2015.  The Zapad wargames, held by Russian and Belarussian troops on territory in both countries in September, are a new source of concern for neighboring Ukraine and NATO member states on Europe s eastern flank.  Russia has said the exercise was to rehearse a purely defensive scenario, that the scale of the wargames was in line with international rules, and that allegations it was a springboard to invade Poland, Lithuania or Ukraine were false. But Muzhenko said the wargames were of an offensive nature. Ukraine staged its own drills in northern Ukraine in response to Zapad and built up troops there.   I wouldn t say that the tension has lessened. We can say tension is building up or rising,  he said.   We had information that they had withdrawn only a few units of the declared 12,500 troops, of which 3,000 were Russians, but there were significantly more of them there.  Muzhenko said the Russians had withdrawn air units from Belarus to make a show of leaving.  Russia demonstrated, and it was primarily a demonstration, the return of aviation units   they took off from the airfields and flew to airfields in Russia. But we understand that 300-400 km for aviation is a distance that can be overcome in a very short time,  he said.   The 55-year-old, who became Chief of the General Staff in 2014, said Ukraine was still outgunned in terms of its air defense capabilities in the Donbass war and needed air reconnaissance and anti-missile systems.  Kiev is hoping to receive lethal defensive weapons from U.S. President Donald Trump. Muzhenko said talks had been concluded.  We expect the corresponding decision because all negotiations are over and the relevant issues have been agreed   on the list and types of weapons   and we expect only the political decisions of our partner countries,  he said.  ",1
18707,UK court agrees to extradite suspect in Italy model kidnap plot,"LONDON (Reuters) - A man accused of being part of a plot to kidnap a British model in Milan should be extradited from Britain to Italy, a London judge ruled on Friday. Model Chloe Ayling, 20, has told Italian police she was lured to a photo shoot in Milan in July, abducted and held captive for six days. Her lawyer said the plot was to sell the model for sex in an online auction unless a ransom was paid. In a ruling at London s Westminster Magistrates  Court, Judge Paul Goldspring said Polish-born Michal Herba, 36, the brother of the model s alleged kidnapper, should be extradited to face charges in Italy.  I find that the request is both proportionate and in compliance with your Convention rights and is not an abuse of process. I therefore order your surrender,  Goldspring said. Herba s lawyer George Hepburne Scott said there was no evidence against his client, who denied any involvement and would appeal against the ruling. The main suspect in the case, Herba s brother Lukasz, 30, was arrested by Italian police in August. British police arrested Michal in central England shortly afterwards. Florence Iveson, the prosecutor acting on behalf of the Italian authorities, said the two brothers were accused of abducting, kidnapping and detaining Ayling between July 11 and 17 and demanding a ransom of 300,000 euros ($352,000).  Since returning to Britain, Ayling has given a number of media interviews in which she said she was drugged, gagged, bound, stuffed into a bag, put into the boot of a car and driven to a village near Turin in northwest Italy. She also denied suggestions the kidnapping was a hoax after it was reported she had gone on a shopping trip with her alleged captor. Herba s lawyer had told the extradition hearing on Monday that there was reason to suspect the case was a publicity stunt.  There were a  unique set  of anomalies in the case which  may lead to the conclusion that the Italian authorities have been duped and that their process had been abused , he said. After the verdict on Friday, the lawyer said Herba had offered to give evidence to Italian investigators via videolink but this had been rejected.  This case has attracted unprecedented media attention is being played out in the media across the globe,  Hepburne Scott said.  The world has become fascinated with the riddle and mystery of this case. To many it is an enigma; to Michael Herba it is simply a nightmare.  Herba has seven days to launch an appeal to London s High Court.  ",1
18708,"In Pakistan's coal rush, some women drivers break cultural barriers","ISLAMKOT, Pakistan (Reuters) - As Pakistan bets on cheap coal in the Thar desert to resolve its energy crisis, a select group of women is eyeing a road out of poverty by snapping up truck-driving jobs that once only went to men. Such work is seen as life-changing in this dusty southern region bordering India, where sand dunes cover estimated coal reserves of 175 billion tonnes and yellow dumper trucks swarm like bees around Pakistan s largest open-pit mine. The imposing 60-tonne trucks initially daunted Gulaban, 25, a housewife and mother of three from Thar s Hindu community inside the staunchly conservative and mainly-Muslim nation of 208 million people.  At the beginning I was a bit nervous but now it s normal to drive this dumper,  said Gulaban, clad in a pink saree, a traditional cloth worn by Hindu women across South Asia. Gulaban - who hopes such jobs can help empower other women facing grim employment prospects - is among 30 women being trained to be truck drivers by Sindh Engro Coal Mining Company (SECMC), a Pakistani firm digging up low-grade coal under the rolling Thar sand dunes. Gulaban has stolen the march on her fellow trainees because she was the only woman who knew how to drive a car before training to be a truck driver. She is an inspiration to her fellow students.  If Gulaban can drive a dump truck then why not we? All we need to do is learn and drive quickly like her,  said Ramu, 29, a mother of six, standing beside the 40-tonne truck.  Until recently, energy experts were uncertain that Pakistan s abundant but poor-quality coal could be used to fire up power plants. That view began to change with new technology and Chinese investment as part of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), a key branch of Beijing s Belt and Road initiative to connect Asia with Europe and Africa. Now coal, along with hydro and liquefied natural gas, is at the heart of Pakistan s energy plans. SECMC, which has about 125 dump trucks ferrying earth out of the pit mine, estimates it will need 300-400 trucks once they burrow deep enough to reach the coal. Drivers can earn up to 40,000 rupees ($380) a month.  Women aspiring to these jobs are overcoming cultural barriers in a society where women are restricted to mainly working the fields and cooking and cleaning for the family. Only this week in Saudi Arabia, a close ally of Pakistan, women were granted permission to drive for the first time ever, ending a ban that was supported by conservative clerics but seen by rights activists as an emblem of suppression. Gulaban s husband, Harjilal, recalled how people in Thar would taunt him when his  illiterate  wife drove their small car.  When I sit in the passenger seat with my wife driving, people used to laugh at me,  said Harjilal, who like most of the people in the community only has one name. But Gulaban, seeking to throw stereotypes out of the window, is only focused on the opportunities ahead.   As I can see our other female trainees getting paid and their life is changing,  Gulaban added.  I hope...for a better future.  ",1
18709,Storm-battered Antigua asks U.S. to settle 12-year old WTO bill,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Antigua and Barbuda asked the United States on Friday to settle a decade-old trade dispute to help the Caribbean country pay the $250 million cost of recovery from Hurricane Irma, which  completely decimated  the island of Barbuda. The WTO backed Antigua in 2005 in a dispute with the United States over online gambling rights and authorized it to impose trade sanctions.  Antigua has sought a settlement rather than taking retaliatory action. Trade experts say the case highlights a weakness in the WTO system, because small nations have little leverage to enforce rulings against the world s big powers.  There would be no better time than now for the United States to settle this long-running issue which mars an otherwise friendly relationship between our two countries that has existed for generations,  Antiguan ambassador Ronald Sanders told the World Trade Organization s dispute settlement body. In 2013, Antigua toughened its stance, floating the possibility of setting up a state-sponsored website to download Hollywood movies and U.S.-made computer software, a way of clawing back its trade losses from U.S.-owned intellectual property rights.   We have not done so because we have too high a regard for the U.S. owners of intellectual property who have contributed much to the enjoyment and advancement of the world,  Sanders told the WTO meeting. Antigua s trade losses amounted to over $200 million, and it had rejected a U.S. offer that  did not amount to $2 million , less than it spent on the entire trade dispute, Sanders said in his statement, which he provided to Reuters.  Therefore, while the trade revenues losses to my small country is almost 20 per cent of our Gross Domestic product, settling with us would represent only 0.0011 percent of one year of the GDP of the United States.  Sanders noted that the United States had paid more than $440 million to Brazil to settle a WTO dispute over intellectual property rights, and said his country still hoped to resolve things amicably.  It would be very regrettable... if tiny Antigua and Barbuda were compelled to be the first country to have to suspend payment of U.S. intellectual property rights despite its best efforts to reach a settlement with the U.S., its largest and richest neighbor to whom it has always been   and remains   a friend.  The U.S. response to Sanders at the closed-door WTO meeting was not immediately made available. ",1
18710,Yemen cholera cases could hit 1 million by year-end: Red Cross,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The humanitarian situation in Yemen is a  catastrophe , and cholera cases could reach a million by the end of the year, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Friday. Warring parties in Yemen - including the western-backed Saudi-led coalition - are all using disproportionate force, leading to  very excessive  civilian casualties, said Alexandre Faite, the head of the Red Cross delegation in Yemen. In addition, suspected cases of cholera have reached 750,000, with 2,119 deaths, Faite said, and the Red Cross expects at least 900,000 cases by the end of the year.  The situation has really evolved in a very dramatic way and I think that it s nothing short of a catastrophe,  Faite told a news briefing in Geneva.  Civil war in Yemen has killed more than 10,000 people since it began in March 2015. Control of the country is split between  the Iran-aligned Houthis, who control much of northern Yemen, including the capital, Sanaa. Opposed to the Houthis are a Saudi-led coalition. With the main port of Hodeidah damaged, the Red Cross brings medical aid, including insulin, into Yemen with occasional cargo planes to Sanaa. Other goods come by land convoys from Jordan and Oman and by ship from Jordan, Oman and Dubai.  A ship from Karachi with 500 metric tonnes of rice is now due on Oct 7 in Hodeidah, the first ICRC shipment there since early February. Faite called on all sides to open Sanaa airport to commercial flights for essential aid supplies and to make progress toward allowing the Red Cross to visit prisoners of war.     I don t think political settlement is coming soon and I m very worried that the extension of the conflict would lead to more problems,  Faite said.  This is why humanitarian aid, access of essential goods should be there,  he said.  There is a bottleneck . Although the death rate for cholera victims has dropped to less than 0.3 percent, Faite said Yemen s  health sector is really on its knees in Yemen ... the health staff is on its knees as well because they are not paid.  For the first time, the Red Cross is now providing health workers with food parcels, he said.  In terms of access to even water, electricity, there isn t a power grid in the main cities in Yemen. Without the ICRC and other organizations fixing (pumping stations) there wouldn t be any running water in Sanaa,  he said. ",1
18711,"With Budapest closer to Moscow, Orban grants money to Russian Orthodox churches","ZALAVAR, Hungary (Reuters) - Twice a month a few dozen Russian orthodox believers gather in a small Catholic chapel whose foundations date back to the 11th century, their temporary place of worship as they do not have a church of their own in western Hungary. These worshippers now have a good chance of having their own church built in the spa town of Heviz, after Prime Minister Viktor Orban granted 2.4 billion forints ($9 million) in the budget to the renovating and building of Russian Orthodox churches. Channelling state money to the Hungarian branch of the Russian church, which had just 2,365 followers in the latest census in the mostly Catholic country of 10 million, was seen by political analysts and critics as a bid to win favor with  President Vladimir Putin.  Orban signed off the decree and it was published on Feb. 1, the day before he received Putin in Budapest. It was their fourth meeting in two years and Putin was back on Aug. 28 for a judo event when they met again. On that day, Orban allocated an additional 313 million forints to the Russian Orthodox church. Although the amounts are small, some analysts and critics see the bolstering of the Russian Orthodox Church with state cash as significant in the context of Russian-Hungarian relations.   This move is on the one hand a gesture toward Vladimir Putin, and the Russians, a small community living here in Hungary, but at the same time it really shows the ... influence of Russia on Hungary,  said Peter Kreko, director of think-tank Political Capital.  Hungary s alignment to Russia is unsettling to fellow European Union member states where Russia s alleged interference is taken with such alarm that several countries have moved to set up agencies to counter it.  Inside the European Union, Hungary promotes scrapping economic sanctions imposed after Russia s annexation of Crimea in 2014, saying it hurts trade.  Trade ties between Russia and Hungary include a gas supply pact with Gazprom and a deal for Russia to finance and build a nuclear power plant. Construction is due to start next year.  In February, Orban said Hungary wanted  open and transparent  relations with Russia.   On the western half of the continent, there is a strong anti-Russian sentiment ... and anti-Russian politics has come into fashion,  Orban said at a joint news conference with Putin.  We had to defend our economic relations in this environment.  When asked about the church grant, Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto told Reuters:  We work together with all the churches very closely.  The 2.4-billion-forint grant to Russian Orthodox churches compares to around 11 billion for similar investments and programs in other churches also in the 2017 budget. Andras Racz, an associate professor at Pazmany Peter Catholic University, said that both sides wanted different dividends from the relationship.  The cooperation is pragmatic from both sides, just they want different things: the Hungarian side wants primarily economic benefits ... while the Russian side has primarily political and strategic motivations, which of course includes some long-term strategic economic position building,  he said. After the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, the Russian Orthodox church emerged from decades of oppression to find post-communist politicians ready to help re-establish its role. Religion helped fill the ideological vacuum left by the failure of Marxism, while the church, an integral part of Russian history and culture, fitted well into the new nationalism.  The church has developed into a thriving institution that works closely with the Kremlin to promote common interests.  With backing from oligarchs, it has built or restored tens of thousands of churches, mostly at home but also in over 60 countries including distant locations such as Havana, Caracas, Bangkok and Pyongyang. As the Russian Orthodox believers left the small, Christian chapel in Zalavar, with the smell of incense lingering, priests removed Russian icons from the walls. Some Russian tourists were happy to hear that a church would be built in the spa town of Heviz, where thousands of Russians arrive on charter flights to take the waters of one of the world s biggest thermal lakes, landing at a nearby airport at a former Soviet army base.   I think this is not only a matter of religion, but also our history ... so this is good, this is appropriate,  Aleksander Kulchitskii, on holiday from the Russian city of Ryazan, said. Some Hungarians, however, were less convinced. Klara Kispal, a pensioner on holiday in Heviz, said she agreed with Orban s anti-migration policies but she could not support paying for a Russian Orthodox church in the town.  I don t think this is a good move... I am religious, Roman Catholic, and (the government) should promote our religion not a foreign religion,  she said. ",1
18712,Saudi man arrested after threatening women drivers,"KHOBAR, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - A Saudi man was arrested for allegedly threatening to attack women drivers, the Interior Ministry said on Friday, following a royal decree that ends a ban on women driving in the kingdom. Many Saudis welcomed Tuesday s announcement by King Salman lifting the ban by next year, but some expressed confusion or outrage after the reversal of a policy that has been backed for decades by prominent clerics. The ministry said on Twitter that police in the kingdom s Eastern Province had arrested the suspect, who was not identified, and referred him to the public prosecutor.  I swear to God, any woman whose car breaks down - I will burn her and her car,  said a man wearing a traditional white robe who appeared in a short video distributed online earlier in the week. Reuters could not independently verify the authenticity of the video. Saudi media, including the Arabic-language Okaz newspaper, quoted the Eastern Province s police spokesman as saying the man in custody was in his 20s and that the arrest had been ordered by its governor. Separately, Okaz reported late on Thursday that authorities directed the interior minister to prepare an anti-harassment law within 60 days. The directions cited  the danger posed by harassment ...and its contradiction with the values of Islam . Saudi authorities have in the past taken a broad view of sexual harassment, including attempts by men to get to know unrelated women by asking to exchange phone numbers or commenting on their beauty. In a country where gender segregation has been strictly enforced for decades in keeping with the austere Wahhabi form of Sunni Islam, the end of the driving ban means women will have more contact with unrelated men, such as fellow drivers and traffic police. The ban is a conservative tradition that limits women s mobility and has been seen by rights activists as an emblem of their suppression. Saudi Arabia is the only country in the world that still bans women from driving. ",1
18713,Iraq's top Shi'ite cleric Sistani opposes secession of Kurdish region,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq s top Shi ite cleric opposes the secession of the Kurdistan region in northern Iraq, his representative said in a Friday sermon on his behalf, in the religious leader s first comments on the Kurds  decision to back independence in a referendum. Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, a reclusive octogenarian, is revered by millions of Shi ite Muslims in Iraq and abroad. Sistani believes that  any attempt to make secession an accomplished fact will lead to undesired consequences affecting Kurdish citizens , his representative Ahmed al-Safi said in the sermon in the holy Shi ite city of Kerbala, south of Baghdad. He urged the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG)  to return to the constitutional path in solving disputes  such as self-determination for the Kurdish people, Safi said. It is the first direct political sermon by Sistani since early 2016, in a clear sign that he attaches importance to the crisis pitting the KRG against Baghdad and Iraq s neighbors. Sistani stopped making direct political comments in Feb. 2016, in protest at the widespread and deep-rooted corruption within Iraqi government institutions. Most Iraqi Kurds are Sunni Muslims but Kurdish northern Iraq is also home to some Shi ite Turkmens and Arabs. The Shi ite-led government in Baghdad is set to impose a ban on international flights to and from Iraq s Kurdistan region from 6 p.m. (1500 GMT) on Friday, in retaliation for the vote. Masoud Barzani s KRG says Monday s referendum, which delivered an overwhelming yes for independence, was meant to pave the way for a peaceful secession from Iraq, through talks with Baghdad and neighboring states Turkey and Iran.  Barzani said last week one reason for holding the referendum was because he feared Iraq, split between a Shi ite majority and Sunni minority, was becoming a sectarian-based  theocracy , not a proper democracy as promised after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that ousted veteran ruler Saddam Hussein. The Iraqi government has rejected any talks with the KRG and demanded that the Kurdish leadership cancel the result in order to avoid sanctions, international isolation and possibly a military intervention.    ",1
18714,Kurdistan region refuses to hand over border crossings to Iraqi government: Rudaw,"ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - The Kurdistan Regional Government in northern Iraq refused to relinquish control of its border crossings to the Iraqi government, Erbil-based TV Rudaw said on Friday, citing a KRG official. Relinquishing control over border crossings with Turkey, Iran and Syria was a demand made by Iraq, Iran and Turkey in retaliation for the Kurdish independence referendum held on Monday in northern Iraq. Backed by Ankara and Tehran, the Iraqi government has demanded that the Kurdish leadership cancel the result of the referendum or face sanctions, international isolation and possibly a military intervention. An embargo on direct international travel to Kurdistan is set to begin at 6:00 pm local time (1500 GMT), imposed by the Iraqi government to force the KRG to hand over the control of its airports to Baghdad.    Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said in a statement on Friday the direct air travel ban is not  a punition against the citizens of the region, it is a constitutional measure decided by the government in the interest of the residents of Kurdistan.  ",1
18715,Iran bans oil refinery products traffic with Iraqi Kurdistan: report,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran has banned the transportation of refined crude oil products by Iranian companies to and from Iraq s Kurdistan region, the semi-official Tasnim news agency said on Friday, after Tehran vowed to stand by Baghdad following the region s vote for independence.  A directive by the Road and Transportation Organization has temporarily banned carrying oil products from Iran to Iraq s Kurdistan region and vice versa following the latest developments in that region,  Tasnim reported. Iraq s Kurds overwhelmingly backed a call for independence in a referendum on Monday, defying neighboring countries which fear the vote could lead to renewed conflict in the region. A ban on international flights into Iraq s Kurdish region was being imposed on Friday after the Baghdad government retaliated against the vote. Almost all foreign airlines suspended flights to Erbil and Sulaimaniya, obeying a notice from the government in Baghdad, which controls Iraqi air space. Iran, which has its own Kurdish minority, had already halted flights to and from Kurdish regions on Sunday.  ",1
18716,Stampede in India's financial capital kills at least 22,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - A rush hour stampede killed at least 22 people and wounded 36 on Friday during a sudden monsoon downpour at a busy railway station in India s commercial hub of Mumbai, government and emergency officials said. India has the world s fourth biggest rail network, but it is grappling with underinvestment and overcrowding, especially in the city of 20 million where rail accidents have killed more than 3,000 people in each of the last three years.    The cause of the stampede on a tiny bridge at the central Elphinstone Road station was being investigated, a police official at the accident site said.  Some of the injured are in serious condition,  Deepak Sawant, the health minister of the western state of Maharashtra of which Mumbai is the capital, said at a hospital where the injured were taken. The stampede, at a station recently renamed Prabhadevi, took place after the cloudburst caught commuters off guard, sending scores scurrying for cover under a pedestrian overbridge, said Akash Koteja, one of those injured.      Trains were rolling in and some people wanted to get out of the station, but others were not making way. When a few tried, it led to a stampede,  Koteja added. The bridge is usually crowded at that time of day, as it also provides an exit route for passengers disembarking at an adjoining railway station, he added. Manish Mishra, a witness who helped some of the injured, said the situation was worsened as officials did not respond immediately, or take steps to control the crowd. Emergency officials responded rapidly, state officials said, however.  Immediately after the incident, rail, police and hospital authorities rushed to provide treatment to those injured,  state minister Vinod Tawde told reporters.     Railways Minister Piyush Goyal, who was on a visit to Mumbai, has ordered an enquiry into the incident led by a top railway safety official, he said on social network Twitter. Over the last two months, Mumbai has reeled from devastation caused by heavy seasonal monsoon rains. Last month a deluge killed 14 people, wrecked homes and caused chaos. Torrential rain was also blamed for the collapse of a 117-year-old building that killed 34 people, and water-logging last week that disrupted flights after a passenger jet overshot a runway.   Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley sent Twitter condolence messages to stampede victims  families. Hundreds of social media users angered by the event questioned the government s priorities, targeting Modi s ambitious $17-billion plan for a bullet train to link Mumbai with Ahmedabad in neighboring Gujarat state. Many tweets urged the government to fund basic rail upgrades instead. ",1
18717,Lavrov: Russia-U.S. cooperation on Syria 'not without problems',"MOSCOW (Reuters) - There are problems with cooperation between Russia and the United States in Syria, Interfax news agency cited Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov as saying on Friday.  How we are cooperating on Syria - yes, not without problems of course, because not everyone takes things the same way,  Interfax quoted Lavrov as saying.  Nevertheless, it is an example of how you can set aside differences and concentrate on common interests.  ",1
18718,Russia's Putin says de facto conditions created for end to Syrian civil war,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that the de facto conditions needed to end Syria s civil had been achieved.  Putin s comments, which followed talks with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan in Ankara, come as Russia, Turkey and Iran cooperate on maintaining de-escalation zones in Syria.  ",1
18719,Burundi loses bid to stop U.N. atrocities investigation,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. Human Rights Council voted on Friday to extend its investigation into suspected crimes against humanity in Burundi, dealing a blow to an attempt by a group of African countries to dial down the level of scrutiny.  Burundi had hoped that by promising to cooperate fully with the U.N. human rights office and inviting three experts to the country, the Council would drop its Commission of Inquiry. It appeared to have succeeded on Thursday when the Council agreed to send the three experts, backing a resolution that also welcomed Burundi s decision  to restore full cooperation  with the High Commissioner for Human Rights.  Burundi s ambassador, Renovat Tabu, told the Council that after that decision, there was no longer any need to continue the Commission of Inquiry, as demanded by the European Union.  There is a clear will of the EU to instrumentalize the Council to politicize human rights,  he said. But the EU, with strong backing from the United States, pressed the case for the Commission of Inquiry.   Just days ago, when Burundi finally agreed to engage members of this council in discussions for the first time, the Burundian ambassador portrayed a rosy picture of his country, with the clear goal of ending the Commission of Inquiry, which he repeated again today,  U.S. diplomat Jason Mack said.   Don t be confused by Burundi s last-minute engagement, which is solely to put an end to ongoing investigations,  he said.  The commission has said there are reasonable grounds to believe crimes against humanity have been committed since April 2015 when President Pierre Nkurunziza said he would seek a third term in office. The opposition has said he acted unconstitutionally by doing so.  Burundian officials at the highest level  should be held accountable for crimes against humanity and a list of suspects has been drawn up, the commission said earlier this month. In a statement following the vote, the commission said it   would like to believe that the Burundian authorities will now respond to a renewed request for dialogue . Among the 22 countries voting to maintain maximum scrutiny were Botswana and Burundi s neighbor Rwanda, alongside European countries and the United States. Other African nations were among the 11  no  votes and 14 abstentions. ",1
18720,Swiss strip refugee status from Libyan preacher,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Switzerland has stripped a Libyan Muslim preacher of his refugee status nearly two decades after he won it following a media firestorm over his sermons that some have branded hate speech. The man who goes by the name of Abu Ramadan has been in the headlines since a Zurich newspaper branded him a Islamist who incited hate in his sermons while living off more than 600,000 Swiss francs ($618,000) in social benefits. The 64-year-old preacher denied the hate speech allegations, saying his remarks were poorly translated from Arabic. In a ruling released on Friday, the Federal Administrative Court said immigration officials had been right to revoke Ramadan s asylum after finding he had kept a Libyan passport and gone home a dozen times, most recently for more than a month this year. The ruling is final and cannot be appealed but separate hearings will have to decide if the man can stay in Switzerland. The preacher has told Swiss media he was unaware he could not travel to his homeland as a refugee and wanted to see his 93-year-old mother.  ",1
18721,Catalans occupy voting stations to defy Madrid's order to stop referendum,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Supporters of Catalan independence began occupying polling stations on Friday, setting up a possible confrontation with police who have been ordered to clear them out by Sunday morning to ensure a referendum cannot go ahead. The central government, which has sent thousands of police reinforcements to stop people voting and has attempted to dismantle the infrastructure needed to conduct the referendum it says is illegal, insisted it would not go ahead. Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont told Reuters in an interview, however:  Everything is prepared at the more than 2,000 voting points so they have ballot boxes and voting slips, and have everything people need to express their opinion.   Bands played at a closing rally for the referendum campaign in Barcelona where people constructed the slogan  Referendum is democracy  in big white letters on a stage in front of a cheering crowd, many draped in the red-and-yellow Catalan flag. People preparing to camp out in polling stations in order to defy court orders to close them were also in high spirits. At one Barcelona school, Hector, a 43-year-old local, said five or six families would be spending the night.  We want to make sure the school is open for activities and at night when they might come to clear us out or empty it, there will be families sleeping or people in the street,  he said, adding that they planned to play ping-pong and cook a fideua seafood dish on Saturday. The head of the Catalan regional police ordered officers to evacuate and close polling stations by 6 a.m. on Sunday, before the voting is due to open at 9 a.m.  In an internal memo published by La Vanguardia newspaper, the police chief said force should be used only as a last resort.  At all times, before using force, you must take into account what might be the consequences of this police action and avoid the escalation of this situation, especially when there are children, elderly or other vulnerable people amongst the crowd,  the document, whose authenticity was confirmed by a police spokeswoman, said. So far, the Catalan police, known as the Mossos, a force that is held in affection in the region, particularly after the Islamist attacks in August, have shown a friendly face.  The Mossos have come to see what we are doing and they ve seen we re having a party,  said 45-year-old Ferran Taberner who was at the school with his daughter.  If it gets complicated we ll stay inside peacefully and they won t move us.   Organizers said 60,000 people had registered to participate in the mass school sleepover which they say will show  peaceful resistance , even if they are prevented from voting.  I don t believe there will be anyone who will use violence or who will want to provoke violence that will tarnish the irreproachable image of the Catalan independence movement as pacifist,  Puigdemont said. At a news conference, regional officials displayed one of the white plastic ballot boxes bearing the crest of the regional government. Puigdemont has said more than 6,000 were being kept in a secret place. Police have confiscated thousands of voting slips, and courts have fined and threatened to arrest regional officials. Catalonia s High Court ordered Google (GOOG.O) to delete a smartphone application that the Catalan government was using to spread information about the vote. A company spokeswoman said Google removes content when it receives a court order. Madrid, which claims the authority of a constitution that declares the country to be indivisible, remained implacably opposed to the vote, but also expressed the hope Sunday would be peaceful.  I insist that there will be no referendum on Oct. 1,  government spokesman Inigo Mendez de Vigo said, adding that organizers would face criminal charges for trying to hold it. In a sign that large crowds are expected on the streets on Sunday, department store chain El Corte Ingles said it would shut three stores in central Barcelona. The central government said airspace above the city would be partly restricted. Credit rating agency S&P said that while it did not it expect Catalonia, a wealthy region that borders France, to secede from Spain, protracted tensions between Madrid and Barcelona could have a negative impact on the country s economic growth outlook. ",1
18722,Russia accuses CNN International of violating Russian media law,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s communications regulator on Friday accused U.S. TV channel CNN International of violating Russian media law and said it had summoned the broadcaster s representatives in connection with the matter. The Russian foreign ministry accused Washington on Thursday of putting unwarranted pressure on the U.S operations of Kremlin-backed media outlet RT, and warned that Moscow could take tit-for-tat measures. President Vladimir Putin told a meeting of Russia s Security Council on Friday that Russian media outlets working abroad were facing growing and unacceptable pressure, his spokesman Dmitry Peskov said. The communications regulator, Roskomnadzor, said in a statement on its website that it would look at warning CNN about the alleged violations, which it said also breached the terms of its broadcast license. It did not say what breaches of Russian laws the U.S. broadcaster had made, adding it would continue its  systematic monitoring  of foreign mass media outlets registered in Russia. Asked if the regulator s move was politically motivated, Roskomnadzor head Alexander Zharov, was quoted by Interfax news agency as saying:  I don t work in a political agency. I work in a regulatory service.   Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Thursday the U.S. authorities were demanding that Russian state-controlled broadcaster Russia Today (RT) be registered as a  foreign agent  in the United States. She said that move endangered the safety of the channel s staff, because it included an obligation to disclose their personal data.  In the atmosphere of a witch hunt unfolding in the United States, this may present a real threat,  she said. Putin, meeting permanent members of his Security Council,  touched upon the issue of ongoing and at times growing pressure on Russian mass media outlets in some foreign countries , Peskov told a conference call with reporters.  It was stressed that such pressure on Russian media is unacceptable,  he added. He did not name the countries where the Kremlin was concerned Russian media were coming under pressure.    The Foreign Ministry s Zakharova said any move made against Russian media working in the United States  will get a tit-for-tat response .  And who it falls on, this should be easy for Washington to work out. The clock is ticking,  she said at a weekly briefing on Thursday. ",1
18723,Migrant smuggling crackdown triggered clashes in Libyan city: armed group head,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - An armed group in the Libyan smuggling hub of Sabratha is being targeted because it began stopping migrant boats leaving for Italy, leading to heavy clashes with groups benefiting from the trade, the head of the group said.  The fighting over the past two weeks has caused dozens of casualties, displaced hundreds of families, and put Sabratha s famed Roman ruins at risk.  Migrant crossings from Libya have dropped sharply since July, a change that the armed group, the Anas al-Dabbashi brigade, says is due to its policing of the coast near Sabratha under a deal with the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli. Brigade leader Ahmed al-Dabbashi, also known as Al-Ammu (the uncle) and described in a U.N. report as one of Libya s top smuggling facilitators, said the move had led to attacks by rivals smuggling from al-Wadi, an area just east of Sabratha.  We, al-Dabbashi brigade, had an agreement with Government of National Accord (GNA) to stop illegal migration,  Dabbashi told Reuters by phone in an interview, referring to the Tripoli administration.  Then we were surprised that after stopping migration the Shuhada al-Wadi brigade started coming at us with their four-by-four vehicles painted in military police colors and their members started wearing military uniforms.  They started harassing us because we stopped migration and this is bad for them,  Dabbashi said. A senior Dabbashi member said last week that the brigade s sudden shift from smuggling to policing was motivated by a desire for legitimacy in the form of police and army jobs for its members. It and the Italian government have denied reports that Dabbashi was paid by Italy to stop the migrant boats. Dabbashi said the Wadi brigade is aligned with the Operations Room, a force formed to oust Islamic State jihadists from Sabratha last year and that clashes began when Dabbashi s cousin Abubaker was killed at an Operations Room checkpoint.  Saleh Graisia, an Operations Room spokesman, said clashes erupted because the actions of the Dabbashi brigade and the allied Brigade 48 were  out of control . The Operations Room and its allies, which include ultra-conservative Salafists and locals from Al-Wadi, had moved to push  militias  from Sabratha, he said.   The Room has its own conditions. The top one is that all militias withdraw from the city and hand over their weapons so the city be under legitimacy of the police and army.  Fighting has led to the evacuation of hundreds of families from central Sabratha, said Essam Krir, head of an association of non-governmental organizations. Several civilians and at least 13 fighters have been killed, while dozens of combatants have been wounded, according to Dabbashi and Graisia.  Fighting has raged around Sabratha s hospital and its Roman ruins, a UNESCO World Heritage site. UNESCO s head appealed for all parties to  ensure the safeguarding of Sabratha s unique cultural heritage .  We have orders to not use heavy artillery for the protection of the ruins,  Graisia said. The Operations Room said on its Facebook page it had taken control of the ruins. The head of Sabratha s antiquities department, Mohamed Bojela Rhoma, said because of the clashes, it had not been possible to check a report of the amphitheatre being hit. Pictures posted on social media appear to show surface damage to the monument and empty bullet cases scattered in the ruins.   ",1
18724,South Africa court says cannot compel Zuma to set up influence-peddling inquiry,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - A South African High Court ruled on Friday that it could not compel President Jacob Zuma to set up a commission of inquiry into alleged influence-peddling in his government. The opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) had asked the court to force Zuma to establish a commission based on a report last year by an anti-graft watchdog into allegations that businessman brothers Ajay, Atul and Rajesh Gupta had influenced the appointment of ministers. Zuma and the Gupta brothers have denied the accusations. The president has challenged the report in court, arguing that the Public Protector had no right to ask him to form such a commission, as this was the president s prerogative.  To compel the President at this stage will not only be tantamount to denying the hearing or his day in court, but it will also be understood to mean the Public Protector s powers are unassailable irrespective of the content of the decision, that cannot be correct,  Pretoria High Court Judge Motsamai Makume said.  It will be in the best interests of justice to grant the President a stay of the implementation of the remedial action pending a decision of the review application.  New allegations of inappropriate collusion between state-owned companies and the Gupta brothers have put more pressure on Zuma and ministers close to him. But the ruling was a boost for the scandal-plagued Zuma at a difficult time. Allegations of widespread corruption and the raiding of taxpayer funds by outside interests   known locally as  state capture    have dented investor confidence in an economy which fell into a recession earlier in 2017. On Wednesday, thousands of South Africans marched in anti-corruption protests in a rallying cry against Zuma and his powerful allies three months before a new African National Congress leader is chosen. Zuma also survived a no-confidence vote in parliament in August but he lost the support of a number of ANC MPs, showing deep divisions within the party that has ruled South Africa since the end of apartheid in 1994. The DA said it had noted the ruling  with interest , saying it approached the court to avoid delays in probing influence-peddling allegations.  On a number of occasions, including before the National Assembly, President Zuma has stated that he will establish a Commission of Inquiry. To date, he has not done so,  the party s federal council chairman James Selfe said in a statement.  This matter has not been dismissed but has in fact been held back pending the outcome of the President s review application, which will be heard at the end of October, where we will also be in court to continue this fight for accountability.  Some analysts said the legal battles would prolong probes into influence-peddling allegations.    The court had its legal duties to perform, and this is going to allow Zuma not to perform his political duties,  NKC African Economics analyst Gary van Staden said.  Ultimately its negative for  state capture . It s not going to bring any finality to what s been going on.   ",1
18725,U.N. Human Rights Council extends Myanmar mission until September 2018,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. Human Rights Council decided on Friday to extend the mandate of a fact-finding mission in the country by six months, until September 2018, as requested by the mission s leader, but over the objections of Myanmar, China and the Philippines. Myanmar s representative on the council, Hau Khan Sum, said the mission was  not helpful, it is not in line with the situation on the ground and would do no good to finding a solution to Rakhine issues , referring to violence in Myanmar s Rakhine state.  The council backed the resolution, which was put forward by Estonia on behalf of the European Union, without a vote.  ",1
18726,"How blood money, diplomacy and desperation are reuniting Palestine","GAZA (Reuters) - A decade on, Rawda al-Zaanoun is at last willing to forgive the  gunmen who killed her son during the civil war that split Palestine. It has been painful, but she says it is time.  He was hit with a bullet in the back. He was a martyr,  the 54-year-old said at an event in Gaza city to mark the public reconciliation of families of people killed in the war.  The decision was not easy because the blood of our son is precious. But we have given amnesty. Her son Ala, a married father of two and an officer in the Palestinian Authority security forces, was killed in June 2007 after he rushed out of his house in Gaza City, having heard that his uncle was injured in clashes between rival Palestinian factions Hamas and Fatah. Since that war a decade ago, Fatah, led by the secular heirs of Yassir Arafat, has run the West Bank, headed the internationally recognized Palestinian Authority and been responsible for all negotiations with Israel. Its rivals, the Islamist group Hamas, an offshoot of the Muslim Brotherhood, drove Fatah out of Gaza and has run the tiny coastal strip that is home to 2 million people, nearly half of the population of the Palestinian territories. The schism is set to end on Monday, when Hamas hands over control of Gaza to a unity government. Although it agreed to  the arrangement three years ago, the decision to implement it now marks a striking reversal for Hamas, which is considered a terrorist group by Israel, the United States and most of the most powerful Arab countries.  Hamas has made big concessions, and every coming concession will be stunning and surprisingly bigger than the one that passed, so that we can conclude reconciliation and this division must end,  the chief of Hamas in Gaza, Yehya Al-Sinwar, said during a meeting this week with social media activists. If Hamas has swallowed a bitter pill by ending the feud, perhaps bitterest of all is the role played by exiled former Gaza security chief Mohammed Dahlan, once Hamas s fiercest foe who is now a leading player in regional efforts to pull Gaza back into the Palestinian mainstream. Officials on both sides of the Palestinian divide and in other Arab countries say Dahlan, based since 2011 in the United Arab Emirates, is behind an influx of cash to prop up Gaza, and a detente between Hamas and Arab states including Egypt. His office did not respond to a Reuters request for comment. Dahlan s return to prominence could have consequences for Palestinian politics as profound as the reconciliation itself. As hated as he once was in Gaza for trying to uproot Hamas, he is perhaps even more reviled by the Fatah leadership in Ramallah for challenging the authority of President Mahmoud Abbas. Ambitious and charismatic, he has long been suspected of harboring designs to succeed the 82-year-old Abbas. Among the initiatives Dahlan has promoted in Gaza is the reconciliation program of families like the Zaanouns and 19 others, who each accepted a $50,000 blood money payment from an Egyptian-Emirati charity fund in return for publicly renouncing the demand to avenge the deaths of their sons. Old wounds will be hard to salve. Activists on both sides hold memories of their enemies shooting out kneecaps or torturing each other in partisan prisons. Zaanoun said her family took the decision to reconcile, despite their intense grief over the loss of their son,  for the sake of preventing bloodshed, for the sake of blockaded Gaza and for the sake of Palestine . Dahlan has raised millions more, financing mass weddings for hundreds of young couples and distributing cash aid for several thousand needy families. He has also used a close relationship with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in particular to regain his influence. Sisi, who took power by toppling a president from Hamas s Muslim Brotherhood allies, controls Gaza s only non-Israeli frontier and the keys to its prosperity.  Dahlan worked hard, together with his contacts in Egyptian intelligence and sometimes with direct intervention from Sisi,  a Gulf source who asked not to be named told Reuters. The strategy may be gaining him good will: an opinion poll last week by the West Bank-based Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey showed that those who still support Fatah in Gaza are shifting their loyalty to Dahlan. His popularity among Gazans, the survey said, has risen over the past nine months from nine to 23 percent. The handover of Gaza suggests Dahlan s allies in Egypt and the UAE realize that any bid to put the Palestinian house in order, for now at least, needs unity.  Every time anyone speaks to (Israeli Prime Minister) Netanyahu, he would say how can you reach a solution when the Palestinians are splintered?  the Gulf source added.  The reconciliation is an effort by several like-minded countries looking for a comprehensive solution,  he added. Short of funds and friends, Hamas may have few options but to make concessions. For years it had modest but stable economic backing by Islamist-leaning Turkey and the wealthy Gulf Arab state of Qatar, where Hamas houses its headquarters. But in recent months its friends, especially Qatar, have been on the back foot. Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the UAE have imposed an economic and diplomatic boycott on Doha over alleged support of terrorists, including, in their reckoning, Hamas. Three conflicts with the Jewish state left many civilian neighborhoods in Gaza pulverized. Rebuilding has been thwarted by the Israeli-Egyptian blockade, which Sisi has the power to ease. Hamas figures blame Abbas, Fatah and Dahlan for encouraging Egypt and other Arab countries to keep the economic pressure on, forcing Hamas to agree to the reconciliation.  One of our reasons was to spare our people this suffering which this time was made by Palestinian hands,  Hamas official Sami Abu Zuhri told Reuters. Senior Fatah official Nasser al-Qidwa praised Hamas s reconciliation moves and chalked up the group s sudden change of tack to  the governance crisis that Hamas is living through and the crisis of foreign alliances, as well as the difficult conditions of some of Hamas  traditional allies.  Imposing its writ over policing Gaza and its borders will be the main challenge for the non-partisan cabinet of technocrats as it seeks to make this month s unity initiative a reality. Setting out a hard line, Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah said in a statement on Tuesday that Hamas must eventually cede all  crossings, security and government departments.  Gaza bristles with hundreds of rockets belonging to Hamas s armed wing, and the movement insisted that the arsenal it says is essential to confronting Israel will never be given up.      Hamas deputy political chief Musa Abu Marzooq conceded in an interview this month with pan-Arab newspaper al-Hayat that decisions to fight or make peace with Israel should be in future agreed jointly with Fatah. But the movement, he suggested, would keep its finger on the trigger:  The subject of the resistance s weapons ... will not be on the table for dialogue.  ",1
18727,China to prosecute former party boss of Chongqing,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The former Communist Party boss of one of China s most important cities, the southwestern megalopolis of Chongqing, has been expelled from the party and will be prosecuted for corruption, state news agency Xinhua said on Friday. Sun Zhengcai, a senior official once considered a contender for top leadership, had been party chief of the city until an abrupt announcement in July that he had been replaced by a rising political star close to President Xi Jinping. He was put under investigation later in July. ",1
18728,'Wave of humanity' puts aid agencies to the test in Bangladesh,"DHAKA/KUTUPALONG, Bangladesh (Reuters) - How do you feed and shelter nearly half a million traumatized people who have made their way, over the course of just one month, to a spit of monsoon-soaked land where 300,000 refugees are already living in squalor? That is the challenge for aid workers scrambling to help the Rohingya Muslims now crowded into the Cox s Bazar region of southern Bangladesh after a spasm of violence in Myanmar s Rakhine state sent them fleeing across the border.  Nothing comparable, in terms of the number of people arriving in such a short space of time, has happened since 1994 in Rwanda,  said Christopher Lom, Asia-Pacific spokesman for the International Organization for Migration (IOM). About 480,000 men, women and children have arrived in Cox s Bazar since the end of August, according to United Nations estimates. Most came with nothing more than the clothes they wore. Nearly 200 of the women have given birth since they arrived and another 20,000 are pregnant. Meeting the needs of such a vast number - indefinitely, because there is nowhere else for them to go - in one of the poorest regions of a poor country is a logistical nightmare for the Bangladesh government, U.N. agencies and aid organizations. There was a taste of what was to come in October and November last year, when a smaller outbreak of violence brought and influx of 80,000 Rohingya. That prompted improvements in infrastructure and coordination in Cox s Bazar, said the United Nations  local chief coordinator, Robert Watkins.  It was working extremely well,  he said.  And then we got this wave of humanity, and we were overwhelmed.  U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi said after a visit to Cox s Bazar this week that the most urgent needs were shelter, clean water and sanitation.  Really the first order of business, the first challenge, is to get people out of the mud and the despair in which they are finding themselves into a place where organized relief can be provided,  he told a news conference in Geneva.  The combination of limited health facilities, poor sanitary and hygiene conditions and overcrowded sites ... is a recipe for disaster in terms of possible epidemics.  So far 475 tonnes of aid have arrived at Chittagong airport north of Cox s Bazar, much of it from Muslim-majority countries shocked by the killings and torching of villages in northwestern Rakhine, which U.N. officials have branded ethnic cleansing. While the initial response was chaotic, say aid experts, due to the sheer volume of people arriving, Bangladesh has since won some praise for improvements in organization. At a Sept. 14 meeting in the prime minister s office in Dhaka, the authorities made 22 decisions to remove logistical hurdles. According to a document reviewed by Reuters, these included building 14 storage warehouses, regulating aid distribution,   protecting orphans, building roads and power infrastructure, and setting up shelters for more than 500,000 people. Mohammad Shah Kamal, Bangladesh s secretary of disaster management and relief and the main coordinator of the aid effort, said the armed forces were scanning shipments of aid and transporting them from airports and ports to Cox s Bazar, where local officials take charge of distribution.  I think everyone has been surprised at the Bangladeshi government,  said Karim Elguindi, a senior World Food Program official in Cox s Bazar, noting that it was  fast-tracking everything , had offered police support and helped with customs delays. But the Inter-Sector Coordination Group, which is leading the humanitarian response to the influx of Rohingya, said in a recent update that basic coordination was still lacking because staff and agencies had not been assigned to specific camps. Bangladesh hopes to make room for new arrivals by building a 2,000-acre camp in the Ukhia area of Cox s Bazar. The U.N. says much of this area is not suitable for habitation because it lacks water, sewerage and roads, but many refugees are already settling there anyway. Complicating aid efforts are private civic and religious groups that throw food and clothes off the back of trucks, which experts say is no way to get relief to the neediest. Thousands of tarpaulin shelters that refugees have built in recent weeks stretching across dozens of small hills and rice paddies are only accessible by long walks across flimsy bamboo bridges.   Families in one of the most remote parts of the sprawling Kutupalong refugee camp, a 40-minute walk from the nearest official distribution point, said they mostly rely on handouts from relatives to survive.   Mushtaq Ahmed, 66, a religious teacher, sheltering from the rain under a tarpaulin, said he has resorted to begging to buy rice for his children and grandchildren.   He has tried to throw himself into the scramble for aid thrown from trucks but comes away with nothing.  There are too many people rushing,  he said.  I am too weak to get it.   ",1
18729,Myanmar ministers deliver aid to trapped Rohingya village,"YANGON (Reuters) - Two senior Myanmar government officials have delivered aid to a remote Rohingya Muslim village, and guaranteed residents  safety, after they were cut off and threatened by hostile Rakhine Buddhist neighbors, one of the officials said. Last week, Reuters exclusively reported on the dire situation faced by thousands of Rohingya Muslims trapped in the villages of Ah Nauk Pyin and Nyaung Pin Gyi in the western state of Rakhine.  They had begged authorities for safe passage out of the area after getting death threats from Buddhists. Fragile relations between the Rohingya villagers and their ethnic Rakhine Buddhist neighbors were shattered on Aug. 25, when deadly attacks by Rohingya militants prompted a ferocious response from Myanmar s security forces. Nearly 500 people have been killed and more than half a million Rohingya have fled to neighboring Bangladesh to escape what the United Nations has called a  textbook example of ethnic cleansing . The state s chief minister, Nyi Pu, and Minister for Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement Win Myat Aye, who is leading the government s response to the humanitarian crisis unfolding in Rakhine, made the surprise trip to Ah Nauk Pyin on Wednesday. On Friday, Win Myat Aye said he first learned about the situation in the villages from international news reports.  I don t know how Ah Nauk Pyin village got into the international media,  Win Myat Aye told Reuters. Aid workers in Rakhine said the Reuters report alerted diplomats to the situation faced by the villagers and prompted them to raise concerns with the government. The two Rohingya villages are in the south of Rathedaung township, far away from the border with Bangladesh.  They are surrounded by either water or Buddhist villages and were among five remaining settlements in the region, after 16  other villages were burnt down. Asked about the threats the villagers faced from Rakhine neighbors, Win Myat Aye said:  I told them they shouldn t worry about that. If they are intimidated, we ll take action according to the law. We will stop that intimidation.  The ministers, who flew in on a helicopter, delivered packs of biscuits, tins of fish and bags of fish paste.  They promised rice and other supplies would arrive within a week, residents said.  We don t have enough food or proper healthcare and we can t go anywhere,  Maung Maung, chief of the village of Ah Nauk Pyin, told Reuters by telephone.  We re threatened by Rakhine neighbors.   Maung Maung said the ministers discussed the situation in the village for 25 minutes. Win Myat Aye said aid donated by Indonesia would be used to support the village, as well as Buddhist and other Muslim communities suffering from the conflict.  They told us about their needs. The government will support their basic needs,  he said. Residents from the other Rohingya village, Nyaung Pin Gyi, said they had not been visited and had not got any aid. About a million Rohingya lived in Rakhine until the recent violence. Most face draconian travel restrictions and are denied citizenship in a country where many Buddhists regard them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. ",1
18730,Putin complains Russian media abroad face unacceptable pressure,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin told a meeting of Russia s Security Council on Friday that Russian media outlets working abroad were facing growing and unacceptable pressure, Dmitry Peskov, his spokesman, said.  It was stressed that such pressure on Russian media is unacceptable,  Peskov told a conference call with reporters. He did not name the countries where the Kremlin was concerned Russian media were coming under pressure. Earlier this week, the Russian Foreign Ministry accused Washington of putting unwarranted pressure on the U.S operations of Kremlin-backed media outlet RT, and warned that Moscow could take tit-for-tat measures. Russia s communications regulator accused U.S. TV channel CNN International of violating Russian media law earlier on Friday and said it had summoned the broadcaster s representatives in connection with the matter. ",1
18731,Haftar says force remains option in Libya but political solution best,"ROME (Reuters) - Libya s eastern-based military commander Khalifa Haftar was quoted on Friday as saying force must remain an option for imposing order in the country, though he added that a political solution would be preferable. Libya has been mired in turmoil since a 2011 NATO-backed uprising that ended Muammar Gaddafi s 42-year rule, giving space to Islamist militants and smuggling networks that have sent hundreds of thousands of migrants to Europe via Italy. Italy and other Western states have tried to work with the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord (GNA) in Tripoli, but  factions aligned with Haftar control eastern Libya and back a rival government.   It s obvious that we prefer the political routes, but when these don t work there must be other solutions,  Haftar told Italy s Corriere della Sera newspaper in an interview.  We are defeating terrorism in Libya not through diplomatic channels, but with weapons.  Haftar s comments came as United Nations envoy Ghassan Salame made a renewed push to get rival factions to sign up to a plan to stabilize Libya and take the country toward presidential and parliamentary elections. Haftar spoke to the Corriere after his first official visit to Italy on Tuesday. After the meeting, Italian Defense Minister Roberta Pinotti expressed hope that all parties would support Salame s  inclusive political strategy... excluding any military solution . Haftar also said Pinotti had agreed to train his soldiers and urged the revocation of a U.N. arms embargo  if European countries are interested in stopping migrants . He also criticized Italian efforts to convert armed groups on the Western coast into anti-smuggling police.  It s a big mistake. The Italian government should not be led astray by the militias... Tomorrow they will fight among themselves for a share of the spoils; it will be a never-ending blackmail,  Haftar said.   Some international media have reported that the leader of one such group, the Anas al-Dabbashi brigade, had received five million euros directly from Italy s secret services to stop the migrant boats. Italy has denied making any direct payments to armed groups. There has been a sharp reduction in migrant departures since the brigade, known previously as one of the country s biggest people smuggling gangs, clamped down on trafficking in July in exchange for promises of legitimacy and state security jobs from the GNA.  Almost two weeks ago, fighting broke out in Sabratha between the Dabbashi brigade and its allies and rival cross-town factions.   ",1
18732,Turkish military kills three PKK militants in north Iraq near border: sources,"DIYARBAKIR, Turkey (Reuters) - The Turkish military killed three Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants in a clash in northern Iraq near the border with Turkey on Thursday evening and one Turkish soldier was also killed, security sources said. The sources said four Turkish soldiers were wounded in the firefight in the Kanimasi area of Iraq s Dohuk region, across the border from Turkey s Cukurca district. The clash occurred as Turkish and Iraqi troops hold military exercises some 100 km (60 miles) to the west at the Habur border gate, part of coordinated steps by the two countries in response to the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum. Turkish soldiers have for years been deployed in various parts of northern Iraq, including at Kanimasi, to prevent PKK militants crossing the border into Turkey, security sources say.  Commanders of the PKK, which is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and European Union, are based in the mountains of northern Iraq. Turkish warplanes frequently carry out cross-border air strikes against PKK targets there but reports of clashes on land there are rare. More than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict since the PKK launched its separatist insurgency in 1984.  ",1
18733,"Britain 'unconditionally committed' to EU's security, says PM May","TAPA, Estonia (Reuters) - Britain will remain  unconditionally committed  to protecting Europe after it has left the European Union, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday, citing the need to come together in the face of threats from Russia.  When a nation like Russia deliberately violates the rules-based international order that we have worked so hard to create, we must come together with our allies to defend that international system,  she told British troops in northern Estonia.    The United Kingdom is unconditionally committed to maintaining Europe s security and we will continue to offer aid and assistance to EU member states that are the victims of armed aggression, terrorism and natural or man-made disasters.   May is in Estonia for an EU meeting. ",1
18734,UK's May urges EU to respond in kind to new tone on Brexit talks,"TAPA, Estonia (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May urged the European Union on Friday to respond in kind to proposals she set out in Italy last week that sought to unlock Brexit talks, saying forming a new partnership was in the bloc s interest as well.  Speaking to Reuters in Estonia after meeting British troops, May said she believed the speech in Florence a week ago had given new momentum to the troubled divorce negotiations and had seen signs to suggest it had broken the deadlock. But she did not say whether she thought it was enough to     move the talks on to a discussion of the future relationship by an October summit after EU negotiators said again this week that not enough progress had been made.  A week ago I gave a speech in Florence which set out how we have made good progress so far, I thought we could make further progress and moving on to looking at the future deep and special relationship and partnership that we want to build with the European Union when the UK has left the EU,  she said.  I made that speech to give momentum to the talks and I think we have seen that being shown in the talks that have taken place this week and further progress has been made.  Following the latest round of talks this week, the EU s top negotiator said May s speech had created a  new dynamic , but more progress was needed to move to the next phase of discussions. May, weakened by a June election when she lost her Conservative Party s majority, hopes to use the informal summit in Estonia to talk to EU leaders about Brexit, and to underline Britain s role in European security to try to win goodwill. Standing beside French President Emmanuel Macron and Estonia s Juri Ratas, she chatted to some of the 800 troops Britain has deployed at a military base in Tapa, northern Estonia, as part of NATO s moves to defend against a newly assertive Russia on the EU s border.  By focusing on defense in Tallinn, May will want to show that Britain has something to offer its European neighbors and will say she is ready to share British expertise - including through the National Cyber Security Center (NCSC) - to help EU nations build up their own cyber-security capability. That, she hopes, could bolster her argument for pushing the Brexit talks forward.   I set out what I thought was the future deep and special partnership we can build with the EU and I look for the speech that I set out for that being reciprocated in proposals that the EU will come forward with,  she said. ",1
18735,Women to plead not guilty in high-profile Kim Jong Nam murder trial,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Two women accused of killing the estranged half-brother of North Korea s leader at the Kuala Lumpur international airport are expected to plead not guilty when their trial begins at a Malaysian court on Monday. Indonesian Siti Aisyah, 25, and Doan Thi Huong, 28, from Vietnam, are charged with murdering Kim Jong Nam at the airport on Feb. 13 by smearing his face with VX, a chemical the United Nations describes as a weapon of mass destruction. The pair, however, have told their lawyers they did not know they were participating in a deadly attack and believed they were carrying out a prank for a reality TV show. They face the death penalty if convicted.   They (the women) will maintain their innocence,  Hisyam Teh, Huong s lawyer, told Reuters.  Monday s much-anticipated trial is expected to run until Nov. 30 at the Shah Alam High Court on the outskirts of the Malaysian capital.          Lead prosecutor Muhamad Iskandar Ahmad declined to comment on details of the case, but said between 30 and 40 witnesses, including 10 experts, would be called to testify.  The prosecution is expected to call expert witnesses such as pathologists and chemists early on, Hisyam said.     He declined to comment on the defense s strategy, but said Huong was in good hands.   She (Huong) has a good defense and we have the evidence to support it,  he said, without elaborating. South Korean and U.S. officials have said that Kim Jong Un s regime was behind the murder.  Kim Jong Nam, who was living in exile in Macau, had criticized his family s dynastic rule of North Korea and his brother had issued a standing order for his execution, according to some South Korean lawmakers. Four other people, who have not been apprehended or named, have been charged along with Siti Aisyah and Huong. Four North Koreans, who police named as suspects in the case, left Kuala Lumpur for Pyongyang on the day of the killing. An Interpol red notice, an international alert just short of an arrest warrant, has been issued for the four, who were caught on airport CCTV cameras observing the murder, police said. Naran Singh, who is also on Huong s defense team, has asked prosecutors to release the names of the four suspects charged with the women. Gooi Soon Seng, Siti Aisyah s lawyer, did not respond to an emailed request for comment. He has previously said the presence of other suspects would change the case completely.    We believe the main suspects are the four North Koreans that have left the country. If we were able to arrest them, everything would be as clear as daylight,  Gooi told reporters after a pre-trial hearing in July.  The once cozy ties between Malaysia and North Korea have been frayed after North Korea questioned Malaysia s handling of the investigation into Kim Jong Nam s murder.  The Malaysian government expelled the North Korean ambassador. In response, Pyongyang barred all Malaysians from leaving the country. Malaysia only secured their release in exchange for returning Kim Jong Nam s body to North Korea and safe passage home for three North Korean men wanted for questioning in the case.   Malaysia on Thursday banned its citizens from traveling to North Korea, citing security concerns from Pyongyang s nuclear tests. The travel ban follows a visit earlier this month to Washington by Prime Minister Najib Razak, who told U.S. President Donald Trump Malaysia has stopped doing business with North Korea, in line with U.N. sanctions.  North Korea is not a member of Interpol, and Pyongyang was unlikely to entertain any request from Malaysia to return the suspects in the absence of an extradition treaty between the two countries, said Ahmad Martadha Mohamed, an associate professor at Universiti Utara Malaysia.    Indirectly, this will make it very difficult for Malaysia to put any pressure on North Korea to send the suspects back,  he said.  ",1
18736,Furious Philippines decries West's joint stand on drug war killings,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines vigorously defended its human rights record on Friday, accusing the West of bias, hypocrisy and interference after 39 mostly European nations expressed concern about thousands of killings during Manila s ferocious war on drugs. More than 3,800 Filipinos have been killed by police in anti-drug operations since President Rodrigo Duterte came to office 15 months ago and launched what he promised would be a brutal and bloody crackdown on drugs and crime.  Human rights groups say the figure is significantly higher and accuse police of carrying out executions disguised as sting operations, and of colluding with hit men to assassinate drug users. The authorities strenuously reject those claims and Duterte insists he has never incited police to commit murder, despite his frequent and animated speeches about killing drug dealers. During the periodic review on Thursday at the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) in Geneva, 38 countries backed a statement by Iceland urging the Philippines to take  all necessary measures to bring these killings to an end .  The signatories were mostly European countries as well as Australia, the United States and Canada. Filipino diplomats in Geneva called it a  sweeping and politicized  statement, adding the country was willing to accept international help, but would not be lectured.  Unfortunately, it still appears that some parties refuse to understand certain aspects of our human rights efforts,  Evan Garcia, head of the Philippine mission, in a statement issued by the foreign ministry on Friday.  There is no culture of impunity in the Philippines.  His deputy Maria Teresa Almojuela also weighed in by  criticizing Western countries that allowed abortion, manufactured and sold arms and, she said, were a source of private militias for wars.  It is ironic that many states joining the statement are the very same states that are the sources of arms, bombs, machines and mercenaries that maim, kill and massacre thousands of people all over the world, not only during their colonial past, but even up to today,  she said. In Washington, Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano said the Iceland-led statement was  based on biased and questionable information .       Instead of engaging us constructively, some western countries would rather criticize and impose conditions as if they can do a better job than the Philippine government in protecting the Filipino people,  he said. Opinion polls show Filipinos are largely supportive of the war on drugs as an antidote to crime the government says is fueled by narcotics. The latest survey by Social Weather Stations, however, suggests that Filipinos are not convinced of the validity of official police accounts of the killings, with about half of 1,200 people polled doubtful that victims were involved in drugs, or had violently resisted arrest as police maintain. John Fisher, Human Rights Watch director in Geneva, said the UNHRC should do more to stop the Philippine killing, now that there was a  growing chorus of condemnation  of Duterte s signature campaign. ",1
18737,"Uber, Grab to tighten up on deliveries in Philippines amid drug concerns","MANILA (Reuters) - Ride-hailing platforms Uber [UBER.UL] and Grab have agreed to stop their drivers from delivering unchecked packages on behalf of customers, in response to government concerns they could unwittingly become couriers of illegal drugs. The decision followed an advisory from the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) about some illicit drugs in packages reportedly being delivered via the ride-hailing services. President Rodrigo Duterte s 15-month-old administration has been waging a brutal war on drugs, the centerpiece of his election campaign, with thousands of people killed during what police say are anti-narcotics operations. Duterte insists narcotics are at the root of the country s rampant crime problem and says as many as four million Filipinos are using drugs. Uber and Grab representatives who met this week with officials of PDEA and the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB) said they would order drivers not to take unchecked packages without passengers.  Uber services here are for passengers only,  Yves Gonzales, in charge of government relations and public policy at Uber Philippines, said during the meeting, in comments aired on news channel ANC on Friday. Leo Gonzales, Grab Philippines public affairs head, sought an assurance that Grab drivers would not be penalized by the regulator for refusing customers who wanted packages to be delivered. Its delivery service, Grab Express, would require customers to open the packages and show the contents to drivers first, then complete identification forms, ANC reported. The LTFRB said in a statement it would make drug testing mandatory for all drivers of public utility vehicles and ride-hailing services, and would ban those showing positive results. Representatives of Uber and Grab did not immediately respond to requests for comment. ",1
18738,Vietnam court sentences to death PetroVietnam ex-chairman in mass trial,"HANOI (Reuters) - A court in Vietnam sentenced to death a former chairman of state -run PetroVietnam on Friday after finding him guilty in a mass  trial of 51 officials and bankers accused of graft and mismanagement that led to losses of $69 million. The death sentence for ex-PetroVietnam chairman Nguyen Xuan Son was the first time in years it had been given to such a senior former official and comes amid an intensifying corruption crackdown and maneuvering within the ruling Communist Party. Son maintained his innocence and would appeal against the verdict from the People s Court of Hanoi, his lawyer, Le Minh Tam, told Reuters. The death penalty had been recommended by the state prosecution.  Vietnam is among the world s biggest executioners, according to Amnesty International. In recent years it has replaced firing squads with lethal injections. Son was on trial as both the former chairman of PetroVietnam and the former chief executive of Ocean Group s banking unit, Ocean Bank, which was taken over by the central bank in 2015 after being unable to pay its debts. The court in Hanoi also sentenced Ha Van Tham, founder of Ocean Group and once one of Vietnam s most high profile tycoons, to life imprisonment. He was found guilty of embezzlement, violations of bank lending regulations and abuse of power. Dozens of other banking and energy officials were also jailed.  These harsh sentences are mainly for public effect,  said Carl Thayer, a Vietnam expert at the Australian Defense Force Academy. But they would have little effect without improving governance in the one-party state, he said. The ruling Communist Party has taken a tougher stance on corruption since Vietnam s security establishment emerged stronger from a power struggle last year in which ex-Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung lost out. Some critics have accused Vietnam s rulers of a witch-hunt following the launch of investigations implicating increasingly senior figures. Son was arrested in 2015, under the previous administration. On Friday, he was found guilty of embezzlement, intentional breaches of state rules over economic management leading to serious consequences and abuse of position and power. The head of a unit of state-run shipping firm Vinashin was sentenced to death over losses in February, but he was much less senior than Son. Investigations into PetroVietnam have seen a Politburo member who was a former PetroVietnam chairman, a vice trade minister sacked from their positions and a former deputy central bank governor prosecuted. The PetroVietnam investigations also grabbed global attention when Germany accused Vietnam of kidnapping former executive Trinh Xuan Thanh in Berlin last month to face trial over a separate case. Thanh had been cleared under Dung s government, official documents reviewed by Reuters showed. Dung lost out last year in the battle to secure the post of Communist Party General Secretary, Vietnam s most powerful position. The post remained in the hands of Nguyen Phu Trong, who has a more modest public profile. The court finished hearing the case against Son on Monday, when he pleaded for the court not to give  an unjust verdict  and said he could not believe he was being prosecuted for embezzlement and had become  like a soulless person.  Tham admitted the charge of lending violations at Ocean Bank, but denied graft allegations. Neither he nor Son were given a chance to speak after the verdict on Friday. Amnesty International said in April that Vietnam had executed more people than any country except China and Iran over the period from August 2013 to June 2016 after official figures showing 429 executions were published in local media. ",1
18739,"China says one step forwards, two steps back no good for Japan ties","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s foreign minister on Thursday said that ties with Japan should not take two steps back for every step forward, after Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe made a rare appearance at an anniversary event for the normalization of diplomatic relations. Speaking on the eve of the 45th anniversary of the resumption of ties between Beijing and Tokyo, Foreign Minister Wang Yi told Japan s ambassador to China, Yutaka Yokoi, that he hoped for greater improvement in relations.  We hope that the Japanese government can pursue a more positive policy towards China... and not take one step back for each step forward, even two steps back for each step forward,  Wang said, according to a statement released on the ministry website on Friday. Relations have been complicated for decades by the legacy of Japan s wartime aggression, as well as by a festering territorial dispute in the East China Sea. Abe on Thursday evening made an appearance at a Chinese embassy event in Tokyo that jointly celebrated the anniversary as well as China s Oct 1 National Day. Wang called the appearance  good news  and added:  We hope for more good news in China-Japan relations and not for bad news to follow shortly after good news.  Chinese Premier Li Keqiang and Abe also exchanged congratulatory messages on Friday, in which Li said that the two countries should  properly manage and control their contradictions and differences , China s official Xinhua news agency reported.  Japan s cabinet on Thursday announced Oct. 22 as the date of a snap election where Abe, a conservative who returned to power in 2012, hopes a recent boost in voter support will help his Liberal Democratic Party-led coalition maintain a simple majority. It now holds a two-thirds  super  majority. ",1
18740,Energised challenge by Tokyo governor exposes risk of PM Abe's snap poll decision,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A fast-growing challenge by Tokyo s governor, often floated as Japan s first possible female premier, to Shinzo Abe s ruling bloc has highlighted the risk of his gamble on a snap poll as she tries to replicate a historic defeat of his party. Abe called the Oct. 22 election in the hope his improved ratings and a struggling opposition would help his Liberal Democratic Party-led coalition keep its majority in the lower house, where it now holds a two-thirds  super majority .  But Abe s bet now looks increasingly shaky, given growing support for Yuriko Koike s fledgling  Party of Hope  - launched this week - and the opposition Democratic Party s move to have its candidates leave the party and run on her ticket. No general election needed to be held until late 2018. Abe s decision has evoked comparison s to British Prime Minister Theresa May s move to call a snap election in June, only to see her Conservative Party lose its overall majority, although analysts noted Koike might have become an even bigger threat had Abe waited.  Abe thought the risk worth taking. Maybe he didn t anticipate what Koike would do,  said Daniel Sneider, a Stanford University scholar currently doing research in Japan.  The growing momentum of Koike s party has also revived memories of a 1993 political drama when a coalition led by another reformist governor, Morihiro Hosokawa, ousted the LDP for the first time since its founding four decades earlier. Clearly, the historical parallels are weighing on Abe s mind. Abe, Koike and Democratic Party leader Seiji Maehara were elected to the lower house for the first time that year, Koike and Maehara from Hosokawa s Japan New Party and Abe from the LDP.  There was a new party boom in the 1990s and the result was political confusion and a long period of economic stagnation,  Abe said in a campaign speech on Thursday. Hosokawa s fractious alliance fractured after less than one year. Abe also cited the 2009-12 rule of the Democratic Party, whose policy flip-flops and infighting many voters recall.  What would be born of a (new party) boom is confusion, not hope,  Abe said. Another key player in 1993, Ichiro Ozawa, who bolted the LDP and helped engineer Hosokawa s coalition as well as the Democratic Party s 2009 surge to power, is also playing a role now. His tiny Liberal Party may also merge with Koike s party. Like anti-LDP forces in 1993 and the Democrats in 2009, Koike is promising to  shed the shackles of vested interests   - a slogan appealing to voters seeking an alternative to the LDP. Former prime minister Junichiro Koizumi - who mentored Koike after she later joined the LDP - also skilfully painted the old  guard in his own party as obstacles to reform in a 2005 election, winning a massive victory. To succeed, however, Koike may have to take a big gamble of her own by running in the election herself, risking a backlash for quitting as governor and ending up an opposition leader.Koike, who compares herself to French President Emmanuel Macron and his meteoric rise, has repeatedly said she ll stay on as governor, but her carefully parsed comments have failed to dampen speculation.  Ms. Koike is saying she won t run, but ... I think she will run,  Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters on Friday, one day after Abe called the lower house poll.  It would be great if she announced that boldly and debated policies head on,  he added, in an apparent challenge. Despite Koike s efforts to broaden her party base by absorbing many Democratic Party candidates, fielding a big enough slate to take a majority in the 465-member lower house could be tough. Candidates must register on Oct. 10. She said on Friday she won t accept all Democrats who want to run on her ticket, and liberals will probably be left out. Even if Koike, who defied the LDP to run for governor last year and whose local party trounced it in a July Tokyo assembly election, decides not to run herself, her party s challenge can still weaken Abe if the LDP fares badly.  If the LDP loses 40 seats or more, she looks good,  said Columbia University professor emeritus Gerry Curtis. ",1
18741,Turkey orders 117 soldiers detained over Gulen links: sources,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish prosecutors have issued detention warrants for 117 military personnel over alleged links to the U.S.-based cleric accused by Ankara of orchestrating last year s attempted coup, security sources said on Friday. They said counter terrorism police in the western province of Izmir launched an operation early on Friday to detain the military staff, some of whom served in key units of the armed forces. Turkey says supporters of Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in the United States since 1999, were behind the abortive putsch in which 250 people were killed. He has denied involvement. The personnel facing arrest had been in phone contact with senior members of the cleric s movement between 2010 and July 15 last year when the coup was launched, the sources said. Since then more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over links to Gulen, while 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the public and private sectors for the same reason. Rights groups and some of Turkey s Western allies have voiced concern about the crackdown, fearing the government is using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government argues that only a massive purge could neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network, which it says deeply infiltrated Turkey s institutions - the army, schools and courts. ",1
18742,"Hoyer, asked on German finmin post, says 'extremely happy' at EIB","ATHENS (Reuters) - European Investment Bank (EIB) President Werner Hoyer, cited as a possible candidate to take over as Germany s finance minister, said on Friday he was  looking forward to another six years at the bank.  Asked by reporters in Athens how he felt about the possibly of becoming finance minister, Hoyer said:   To be honest I haven t been in Berlin in the last 20 days and I m extremely happy at the EIB and just about to complete my term there. I m looking forward to another six years at the bank.  Germany s long-time Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble has agreed to become president of parliament in the new coalition government to be formed following national elections last weekend. ",1
18743,Japan's defense chief warns of possible North Korea provocation on October 10,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera urged caution on Friday because more provocation was possible from North Korea on Oct. 10, when the start of lower house election campaigns in Japan coincides with one of the North s main anniversaries. Tensions have risen on the Korean peninsula since reclusive North Korea conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3, leading to a new round of sanctions after a unanimous vote by the United Nations Security Council. U.S. President Donald Trump has since traded insults with North Korean leaders, raising the stakes even further. North Korea has often marked significant events on its calendar by conducting weapons tests, such as its fifth nuclear test last year on Sept. 9, its founding anniversary. Onodera said Oct. 10 marks an important anniversary for North Korea. It is the date the North celebrates the founding of the North Korean communist party.  I understand it is an important anniversary for North Korea. We would like to maintain a sense of urgency,  Onodera told reporters. Oct. 10 is also coincidentally the same day that campaigns will begin in Japan for parliament s lower house election 12 days later after Prime Minister Shinzo Abe dissolved the chamber on Thursday. Onodera s warning echoed a comment by South Korean national security adviser Chung Eui-yong, who said during a meeting with President Moon Jae-in on Thursday that he expected Pyongyang to act around Oct. 10 and 18, but gave no details. [nL4N1M9191] Oct. 18 marks the start of China s all-important Communist Party Congress. North Korea has conducted a series of ballistic missile launches this year, including two launches over Japan in recent weeks, in defiance of international pressure. China, North Korea s main ally and trading partner, has urged that dialogue is the only way to resolve the crisis, although Japan has tended to support Washington s more robust approach. Abe has said now is the time to apply pressure on North Korea, rather than dialogue, in order to convince North Korea to end its nuclear and missile programs. ",1
18744,"Militants attack Kabul airport during Mattis visit, U.S. strike hits civilians","KABUL (Reuters) - (This September 27th story has been refiled correct headline and first paragraph to show strike caused civilian casualties, not killed civilians; corrects second bullet point to say  missile malfunction .) Suicide bombers and militants firing mortars attacked Kabul s airport during a visit by U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday, prompting a U.S. air strike that accidentally caused a number of civilian casualties, officials said. The clashes and casualties overshadowed a visit intended to demonstrate U.S. support for the Afghan government and provided a sharp reminder of the risks associated with a more aggressive U.S. policy that is expected to increase the number of air strikes. Hours after Mattis touched down in Kabul, militants fired high explosive ammunition including mortar rounds near the main airport and detonated several suicide vests in an attack claimed by both the Taliban and Islamic State. Gunmen holed up in a nearby house battled security forces for much of the day. U.S. forces conducted an air strike supporting an Afghan special police unit fighting the attackers but suffered a  missile malfunction , causing several casualties, the U.S.-led NATO mission there said. It gave no further details.      Resolute Support deeply regrets the harm to non-combatants,  the statement said.  We take every precaution to avoid civilian casualties, even as the enemies of Afghanistan continue to operate in locations that deliberately put civilians at very high risk.  Mattis  visit came after U.S. President Donald Trump announced a new strategy for Afghanistan, promising a stepped-up military campaign against the Taliban who have gained ground as they seek to re-establish their brand of Islamic law after their 2001 defeat. The strategy will give U.S. commanders greater freedom to use American firepower against the militants but, speaking a few hours before the air strike, Mattis said they would do  everything humanly possible  to prevent civilian casualties.  We are here to protect the Afghan people while we attack the terrorists,  he told a joint news conference with Ghani and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, accusing militants of hiding behind women and children. Mattis said the Taliban could not hope for a military victory and promised a more  holistic  approach without fixed timetables and involving other countries in the region, including Pakistan.  I want to reinforce to the Taliban that the only path to peace and political legitimacy for them is through a negotiated settlement,  he said. Ghani said his government  remains open to talks with the Taliban  as well as a peace strategy involving Pakistan. Mattis has said the United States will send an additional 3,000 troops to help train Afghan security forces, which are focusing on building up the air force and special forces, but he gave few details of what would change.  I don t want to tell the enemy exactly what we are doing but the whole point is to make certain we have a compelling battlefield advantage over anything the Taliban tries to mass against your forces,  he said. The Taliban have made steady inroads since NATO ended its main combat operation in 2014 and are now estimated to control or contest at least 40 percent of the country. Afghan commanders have regularly pleaded for more air support. However the Kabul air strike showed the risks that the new strategy could cause a repeat of the bitter disputes over civilian casualties that soured relations between Washington and the government of former president Hamid Karzai. Already in the first half of the year, as Afghan and U.S. aerial operations have picked up, U.N. figures have shown a 43-percent jump in civilian casualties caused by air strikes and Ghani called on his allies to limit the damage. There are now about 8,400 U.S. troops in Afghanistan as part of the 13,500-strong NATO-led Resolute Support mission advising and training Afghan forces as well as a separate counter-terrorism mission, targeting Islamic State and al Qaeda. Trump has said he expects NATO allies to increase contributions of both troops and funding to the Afghanistan mission, and Stoltenberg said the credibility of the international alliance depended on maintaining support.  We know the cost of staying in Afghanistan,  he said.  But the cost of leaving would be higher. If NATO forces leave too soon, there is a risk Afghanistan may return to a state of chaos and once again become a safe haven for international terrorism.  ",1
18745,"Militants attack Somali military base, kill at least 15","MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Al Shabaab fighters killed at least 15 soldiers in an attack on a military base near Somalia s capital, Mogadishu, the militant group and Somali officials said on Friday. The militants used guns and car bombs to take control of the base and a nearby town, Barire, 50 km (30 miles) southwest of Mogadishu, in an early-morning attack. The fighters also took 11 pickup trucks mounted with machine guns, known as  technicals , said Abdiasis Abu Musab, al Shabaab s military operation spokesman.  The other soldiers ran helter-skelter into the woods. We now control the base and the village,  he said. A Somali military officer put the number of dead at 15; al Shabaab said 21 were killed. The government and al Shabaab often give differing accounts of death tolls.  There was a battalion of soldiers but it was a fierce fighting; twin suicide car bombs and hand-to-hand fighting,  Captain Osman Ali told Reuters.  The attacked soldiers were Somali military and the special  forces trained by the U.S. called Danab. There were neither AMISOM nor other foreigners there,  Ali added, referring to African Union peacekeeping troops. Reinforcements were being sent, he said.  Al Shabaab aims to topple the government in Mogadishu and impose its own strict interpretation of Islam. Somalia has been at war since 1991, when clan-based warlords overthrew dictator Siad Barre and then turned on each other. The al Qaeda-linked group was driven out of the capital in 2011, but it still carries out frequent attacks on security and government targets and African Union peacekeeping troops. Civilians sometimes get caught in the crossfire.  Ali Nur, the deputy governor of Lower Shabelle region where Barire is situated, confirmed the fighting. So did local residents.  First we heard two huge blasts at the base and then heavy exchange of gunfire followed. Now it looks like the fighting died down,  Ali Farah told Reuters from Barire village. Two weeks ago, al Shabaab attacked an army base at a town near the border with Kenya. Three weeks ago they struck another in the southern port city of Kismayu, killing a total of at least 43 people in the two attacks. ",1
18746,"Most Germans want three-way coalition of conservatives, FDP and Greens: poll","BERLIN (Reuters) - Some 59 percent of Germans want a three-way coalition of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats and the environmentalist Greens to rule after a national election last Sunday, a poll showed. The survey for broadcaster ZDF found around one fifth (22 percent) of Germans thought a so-called  Jamaica  coalition would be bad while 15 percent would not mind it. The alliance is so called in reference to the three parties  colors: black, yellow and green, which are also those of the Jamaican flag. Appetite for a repeat of the  grand coalition  of Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD), who have governed Germany for the last four years, was weak, the poll found. Only around a fifth (23 percent) would prefer such a tie-up to a Jamaica coalition while 41 percent thought it would be worse. The SPD, which suffered its worst result in the post-war era in Sunday s election, has said it will go into opposition at the national level - a move that almost two-thirds (63 percent) found good. ",1
18747,Looming election may be nail in coffin for Japan's fiscal reform,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Even as a new party under a populist female leader scrambles the outlook for Japan s general election next month, one thing is clear: the winner will loosen a grip on the government s runaway debt as lawmakers forego higher taxes or boost spending. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe wants to use the revenue from a planned sales-tax hike not to pay down debt but to spend more on education and other popular programmers. Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, whose  Party of Hope  is challenging Abe s ruling coalition by effectively absorbing Japan s largest opposition party, wants to put off the tax hike altogether.  Japan has yet to emerge from deflation as consumption, which makes up a large portion of the economy, remains weak,  she told a briefing on Thursday, criticizing Abe for doing little to prop up household income. The debate is shifting to how much more to spend and in what areas, rather than on what is acceptable within the limits set by Japan s public debt, which at well over twice the size of its economy is the biggest among industrialized nations.  Regardless of who wins, there will be increased spending because that s how you win votes,  said Koichi Haji, chief economist at NLI Research Institute.  Very few lawmakers call for fiscal reform,  Haji added.  That may be fine now, but there s no telling when loss of market trust in Japan s finances could trigger a spike in bond yields.  Japan s ballooning public debt has not bothered the bond market much so far, as investors trust the country can repay public debt with its huge current account surplus and abundant domestic savings. But the long-term risk is that snowballing social security spending for a fast-ageing population will strain government finances, making it more vulnerable to a sudden spike in borrowing costs that would hurt the economy. Japanese government bond (JGB) prices tumbled on Thursday, with the benchmark futures posting their biggest fall in three months, as investors braced for bigger spending. Abe came into office in 2012 vowing to eradicate two decades of economic stagnation with  Abenomics    his three policy arrows of fiscal spending, monetary stimulus and structural reforms. While the fiscal and monetary support reflated the economy, critics say Abe has made little progress on structural reforms. In announcing a snap election for Oct. 22, Abe said he will proceed with the sales tax hike in 2019 but divert more proceeds to education and child care, and less on debt payment. He acknowledged it was now  impossible  to fulfill his promise to balance the budget   excluding debt service and new bond sales   by March 2021 as planned. Finance Minister Taro Aso said Japan will delay the timing for meeting the target by several years, with a new deadline to be set by the middle of next year.  What s worrying is that the delay (in achieving the fiscal target) would make it impossible for the government to put the brakes on spiraling fiscal spending,  said Hideo Kumano, chief economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute.  The government may resort to bigger fiscal stimulus if a pull-back in demand after the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games pushes the economy into a downturn.  Finance ministry officials charged with drafting the state budget are relieved Abe will proceed with the tax hike, but stress the need to set a new deadline to keep spending in check.  It s a good thing that the premier has stuck with a primary balance goal, even with a delay,  a senior ministry official said.  Japan s fiscal discipline will remain intact as long as we set a new timeframe.  Koike s new party, on the other hand, calls for freezing the sales tax hike, makes no mention of balancing the budget and proposes boosting  wise spending  - without giving details.  An opposition win would mean even bigger spending and a collapse of Japan s fiscal discipline,  said a ruling party lawmaker close to Abe.  Critics say the Bank of Japan s ultra-easy policy is partly to blame for a lack of discipline in Japan s fiscal spending. Politicians so far are paying no price for being lax about spending because the BOJ pins the 10-year bond yield at zero, essentially letting the government borrow for free. BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda says his bank isn t printing money to bankroll public debt. But some policymakers worry that the central bank could be forced to maintain its ultra-easy policy for longer than it wants, for fear that slowing its bond buying could trigger a spike in bond yields and push up government borrowing costs.  Once the economy slumps, there will be demands for more fiscal spending. Lawmakers may pressure the BOJ to keep its monetary spigot open,  said a former BOJ executive who retains close contact with incumbent policymakers. Rating agency S&P says Abe s decision to ditch the fiscal target timeframe won t affect Japan s sovereign debt ratings. But Kim Eng Tan, senior director of sovereign ratings at S&P in Singapore, warns against complacency.  I have no real concern right now about delaying the primary budget target,  he said.  However, it does prolong the period in which finances are at risk to a sudden increase in interest rates.  ",1
18748,China support for North Korea clampdown growing: U.S. official,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - China is making progress in enforcing sanctions imposed on North Korea, a U.S. State Department official said on Thursday, and urged skeptical members of Congress not to rush to enact new ones before giving Beijing s efforts a chance to take effect.  We are working closely with China to execute this strategy and are clear-eyed in viewing the progress - growing, if uneven - that China has made on this front,  State Department Assistant Secretary Susan Thornton told a Senate hearing just before leaving for China with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.  We do see Chinese policy shifting,  she said, as members of the Senate Banking Committee advocated for tougher action to clamp down on Pyongyang s nuclear and missile development. Tensions have been rising on the Korean Peninsula as North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and U.S. President Donald Trump exchange war-like threats and insults. On Thursday, South Korea said it expects more provocative acts by North Korea next month to coincide with the founding of its communist party. Several committee members want harsher measures, including secondary sanctions targeting Chinese banks and companies doing business with North Korea, and measures to bar oil imports. Thornton and the other witness, Treasury Department Under Secretary Sigal Mandelker, said Congress should not do anything that could interfere with efforts to find a diplomatic solution.  When our hands are tied in different ways, it keeps us from being agile in the way that you would want us to be agile,  Mandelker said. Trump ordered new sanctions against North Korea last week, including on its shipping and trade networks, showing he was giving more time for economic pressures to address the crisis after repeated warnings about possible military action.  We are able and have the authority to target any company that s continuing to trade with North Korea in any industry,  Mandelker said, when asked about the prospect of cutting off Chinese oil exports to North Korea. Several committee members noted that North Korea s economy has grown in recent months, and said China must do more.  The consensus in Washington is that China is a partner in this issue. I do not think that that is the case,  Republican Senator Tom Cotton said. China s Commerce Ministry Thursday said that, following the latest U.N. sanctions passed on Sept. 12, North Korean firms in China and joint ventures in China and overseas would be shut down by January. China says it will strictly and fully enforce U.N. resolutions against North Korea, but has also repeatedly called for more efforts to be made to get talks restarted and for there to be a diplomatic solution, warning war would bring disaster. On Friday, the official China Daily said in an editorial the latest sanctions needed time before they would begin to bite.  But to ensure that the worst-case outcome does not materialize, while further coordinating their stances on the implementation of the UN sanctions to make sure they work, Beijing and Washington also need to discuss what else they can do to resolve the peninsula crisis peacefully,  it said. ",1
18749,Behind the bombast: North Korea's genteel foreign minister,"SEOUL (Reuters) - The man who called Donald Trump  President Evil  last week at the U.N. General Assembly is actually a genteel intellectual who studies the memoirs of former U.S. presidents and has taste for fine whisky, according to ten people who know him. North Korea s Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho made headlines in the Sept. 23 speech to the 193-member General Assembly, and also two days earlier when he revealed to reporters outside his hotel  that North Korea s next move might be to detonate a hydrogen bomb above the Pacific Ocean, in response to U.S. President Trump s threat to  totally destroy  his country of 26 million people.  While bellicose rhetoric often spouts from militaristic North Korea, it did seem out of character coming from what friends and colleagues described as a polite and softly-spoken career diplomat with a self-deprecating sense of humor and sharp debating skills.  As a negotiation partner, Ri was a good one, whose status seemed quite secure and who had relatively greater leeway to exercise during the talks,  said Wi Sung-lac, South Korea s former envoy at the now suspended six-party talks aimed at dismantling Pyongyang s nuclear program.  He was flexible and fundamentally rational,  said Wi, who met with Ri twice in 2011 in an effort to re-start the talks hosted by China, after they collapsed in 2008. Ri has a reputation for translating North Korean propaganda into measured diplomatic language when interacting with Western diplomats, and has studied the works of former U.S. presidents in his spare time.  He s not just (North Korean leader) Kim Jong Un s mouthpiece,  said one source who knows Ri personally.  He likes to read the memoirs of former U.S. presidents like Nixon and Bush. He also reads Kissinger. He tries to understand American thinking,  the source, who requested anonymity, told Reuters.   If there are any debates about U.S. policy in North Korea, he s usually the one who puts forwards new ideas and new tactics,  the source said.  He s a strategist.  The North Korean government does not provide foreign media with a contact point in Pyongyang for comment by email, fax or phone. Ri declined Reuters request for an interview while he was in New York for the annual gathering of world leaders at the United Nations.  Born in 1956, Ri is the son of Ri Myong Je, former deputy director of the Organization and Guidance Department (OGD), a shadowy body within the ruling Workers  Party that oversees the appointment of key management positions within the state, according to South Korea s unification ministry. His father was also an editor at the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA), the state media body that publishes Pyongyang s bombastic propaganda statements.  A fluent English speaker who studied at Pyongyang s prestigious University of Foreign Languages, Ri has for years held a number of high-level posts dealing with the West. From 2003 to 2007, he was North Korea s ambassador in London, where he lived with his wife and daughter while his son stayed at home in Pyongyang.  He had a good command of English and always struck me as pretty polished,  said James Hoare, the U.K. s former charges des affaires in Pyongyang, who met Ri frequently during his time in London and hosted him for dinner at his house.  He was willing to appear publicly and could cope with questions.    I last saw him in Pyongyang in 2011, when he gave a lunch for (my wife) and me,  Hoare said. By then, Ri had become vice foreign minister.  Although much grander, he was still the same polite and friendly person.   A keen debater, Ri spent time engaging with British intellectuals during his time in London. At the private members Reform Club on London s glitzy Pall Mall street, he charmed British academics over wine and lunch.   He clearly had a good sense of humor and was never belligerent or combative when it came to articulating his government s perspective,  said John Nilsson-Wright, a professor at the University of Cambridge and senior fellow at the Chatham House international affairs think tank. Journalists caught a sample of that humor in Ri s most recent off-the-cuff marks, when they asked the foreign minister in New York what he thought of the nickname  Rocket Man  that Trump s has dubbed the North s leader.  I feel sorry for his aides,  Ri quipped.  In his U.N. speech he described Trump as  a mentally deranged person ... who is chastised even by American people as  Commander in Grief ,  Lyin King ,  President Evil ...  Evans Revere, a former senior diplomat who dealt with North Korea under President George W. Bush and met Ri on a few occasions, recalled that he exuded self-confidence and was at ease in any setting, likely reflecting his pedigree as the offspring of one of Pyongyang s elite families. While affable and approachable, Ri could be also  tough as nails , and in meetings with Americans, he leaves no doubt that North Korea is determined to remain a nuclear-weapons state, Revere said.  Behind the smile and the humor is a man who seems to believe strongly in the regime s line.  But the gregarious diplomat with an impressive rolodex of contacts has also faced increasing isolation, with the international community seeking to punish North Korea for its rapidly advancing missile and nuclear weapons programs. He was spotted dining alone at a gala dinner during a gathering of foreign ministers at the annual Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) security forum in Laos in July 2016, while other ministers greeted one another and clinked wine glasses. The delegate of one participating Western country switched seats to avoid sitting next to Ri, saying he  can t be seen in photos having dinner side by side with him,  a South Korean diplomat said, declining to identify the nation. This year s ASEAN forum in Manila in August came after the U.N. Security Council imposed fresh sanctions on North Korea for conducting two intercontinental ballistic missile tests in July. Ri was often observed silent and stone-faced, as he held meetings with only four of the 27 foreign ministers attending the forum. Not talking to Ri at the U.N. General Assembly was a  missed opportunity  for Washington, given his close ties to the Kim family, said Joel Wit, director of the 38 North website and a former State Department official who first met Ri more than 20 years ago. Following a rare ruling Workers Party congress in May 2016, Ri was appointed foreign minister and given a position in the party s powerful State Affairs Commission, a central decision-making body headed by Kim Jong Un. It was the first time a career diplomat had been promoted to  the politburo since 1998, said Cheong Seong-chang, a research fellow at the Sejong Institute south of Seoul. In 2011, South Korea s former nuclear negotiator Wi met Ri in Beijing and took the North Korean delegation out to a Chinese dinner. Hearing that Ri had grown fond of whisky during his time in London, Wi s staff brought some Scotch for him   which was then leaked to the press.   So he came in and said  Why do you have to tell every detail of our event to the media? ,  said Wi, who told Ri  not to pay attention  and have  just one drink  with him.  We ended up drinking quite a lot.  (This story has been refiled to correct second paragraph to make clear that Ri s reference to a hydrogen bomb test was made to reporters at not in the UN speech; edits for style.) ",1
18750,South Korea expects more provocative acts by North Korea in mid-October,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea expects more provocative acts by North Korea next month, to coincide with the anniversary of the founding of the North Korean communist party and China s all-important Communist Party Congress. During a meeting with President Moon Jae-in on Thursday, national security adviser Chung Eui-yong said he expected Pyongyang to act around Oct. 10 and 18, but gave no details. The South Korean security adviser s report also pointed to the risk that a military conflict could by sparked by  accidental incidents,  said Park Wan-ju, a lawmaker and head spokesman of the ruling Democratic Party.  The president said the United States speaks of military and diplomatic options, but South Korea can t go through war again,  said Park. Tension on the Korean peninsula has risen in recent weeks as North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un and U.S. President Donald Trump exchanged war-like threats and insults over the North s nuclear and missile development program. The North has accused Trump of declaring war after he warned Kim s regime would not last if he persisted in threatening the United States and its allies, having earlier warned North Korea would be totally destroyed in such an event. Asked if China had a plan to respond to an emergency in North Korea, such as securing nuclear and missile sites, Chinese defense ministry spokesman Wu Qian said,  Military means cannot become an option,  and urged talks to resolve the issue. The Chinese military will make all necessary preparations to protect the country s sovereignty and security and regional peace and stability,  he added, without elaborating. China has vowed to uphold U.N. sanctions against North Korea, besides seeking to get stalled talks restarted with Pyongyang. On Thursday, China s commerce ministry said North Korean firms or joint ventures in China would be shut within 120 days of the latest United Nations Security Council sanctions passed on Sept. 12. Overseas Chinese joint ventures with North Korean entities or individuals will also be closed, the ministry said in a statement on its website, without providing a timeframe. The ministry had issued similar rules after a previous set of U.N. sanctions in August. Pyongyang conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3 and has launched dozens of missiles this year as it accelerates a program aimed at eventually targeting the United States with a nuclear-tipped missile. The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with North Korea because the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a truce and not a peace treaty. China, the North s main ally, would probably be extremely unhappy if Pyongyang tested a missile or carried out some other act during its Communist Party Congress, held every five years. Park said President Moon told the meeting that Washington and Seoul agreed that pressure needed to be applied to North Korea, with the door to talks still open. In a separate speech on Thursday, Moon said cooperation with the international community to curb the North s nuclear ambitions was at its highest ever and called for the strengthening of South Korea-U.S. defenses to rein in the North.  Expulsion of North Korean diplomats has been among the measures countries have taken against the reclusive state since its latest nuclear test. Malaysia banned citizens from traveling to North Korea, citing the escalating tension on the Korean peninsula. South Korean lawmakers said Chung had told them the United States and South Korea had agreed on the rotational deployment of U.S. strategic assets to South Korea, possibly as soon as year-end. The nature of the assets was not specified.  President Moon added it was inappropriate to discuss the deployment of nuclear weapons in South Korea, the lawmakers said.  Moon said he had opposed the deployment of U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system in South Korea, but rapid improvement in North Korea s missile capabilities prompted the decision. China opposes the deployment of THAAD because it believes its powerful radar could be used to look inside its territory. South Korea and the United States have said it is only to curb North Korea s missile threats. ",1
18751,"IAEA says North Korea's rapid weapons progress poses new, global threat","SEOUL (Reuters) - The United Nations nuclear watchdog s chief said on Friday North Korea s sixth nuclear test conducted on Sept. 3 showed the isolated country has made rapid progress on weapons development that posed a new, global threat. Tensions on the Korean peninsula have increased markedly since the test, which led to a new round of sanctions against the North after a unanimous U.N. Security Council resolution.   (The) yield is much bigger than the previous test, and it means North Korea made very rapid progress,  International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Director Yukiya Amano told reporters in Seoul.  Combined with other elements, this is a new threat and this is a global threat,  he said after a meeting with South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha. Amano said the IAEA did not have the capacity to determine whether the North had tested a hydrogen bomb, as Pyongyang has claimed.  What is most important for now is for the international community to unite,  Amano said. Tensions had already flared after North Korea tested two more intercontinental ballistic missiles and other launches as it pursues its nuclear and missile programs in defiance of international pressure. South Korea said on Thursday the North could engage in more provocations near the anniversary of the founding of the North Korean communist party and China s all-important Communist Party Congress. Insults and threats hurled between the North s leader Kim Jong Un and U.S. President Donald Trump have aggravated the situation further. Members of the international community have urged both countries to resolve matters peacefully while boosting pressure on Pyongyang to curb its weapons programs. A U.S. State Department official said on Thursday China was making progress in enforcing sanctions imposed on North Korea, and urged skeptical members of Congress not to rush to enact new measures before giving Beijing s efforts a chance to take effect. ",1
18752,"Cuts hurt Mexico quake response, outlook ahead of 2018 vote","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Spending cuts and a failure by Mexico s president to upgrade an earthquake alert system hurt life-saving prevention programs and amplified recovery costs after two major temblors this month, current and former government officials said. Although President Enrique Pena Nieto is eager to show a prompt and competent response to the earthquakes, which killed more than 430 people, the budget of recovery agencies is threadbare due to cost-cutting by his administration.  Pena Nieto, an unpopular centrist struggling to get a successor from his party or an ally elected president next July, on Wednesday acknowledged the problem, urging lawmakers to boost funding in the 2018 budget.   The reconstruction needs more resources,  he said. The government has slashed disaster budgets by as much as 50 percent in recent years, part of a broader cost-cutting effort to make up for shortfalls caused by a drop in oil revenues, which finance about 20 percent of Mexico s federal budget. The 2017 budget alone reduced funding for Mexico s various disaster and civil protection efforts by 25 percent, from about 8.6 billion pesos ($475 million) in 2016 to 6.4 billion pesos.  In a statement, Pena Nieto s office defended its performance and said cutbacks could not be attributed solely to the presidency. While the executive branch proposes the budget, the spending plan is ultimately approved by Congress.  Despite the budget restrictions, the civil protection system has strengthened in recent years,  the president s office said in a statement. The cuts last year prompted lawmakers to warn in a report that  the state is relinquishing its responsibilities to its population, given inevitable and unknowable disaster risks.  Now, after the two big quakes, and damage from hurricanes before that, Mexico is hard-pressed to find ways to rebuild.  The reconstruction fund has zero pesos,  Luis Felipe Puente, the government s emergency services chief, said in an interview. The president s office said funding had not hindered the start of reconstruction, saying insurance and a disaster bond augmented federal coffers.  For those who work in readiness efforts, however, the current problem is a clear example of what happens when governments skimp on prevention measures, from risk assessments to early warning systems for quakes, volcanic activity and other disasters.     According to the United Nations, every dollar spent on preparedness saves about seven dollars in response. In 2014, Mexico s federal auditor chastised the government for spending more on reconstruction than on preparing for disasters.  We should be investing more in prevention,  said Enrique Guevara, a former head of Mexico s National Center for Disaster Prevention, or CENAPRED.  Firstly because you save lives, and secondly you save money.  At CENAPRED, founded in the wake of a massive 1985 quake that killed thousands, expenditure fell by 20 percent between 2012 and 2016, hurting the upkeep of a national risk atlas and lowering morale at the institution, according to a senior official there who requested anonymity to speak frankly.  The government also slashed 2017 budgets for two government funds that finance disaster efforts, official data shows.  This year s budget for FOPREDEN, a fund for the prevention of natural disasters, was cut by 50 percent. FONDEN, a larger fund for disaster relief, lost a quarter of its budget, according to the government spending plan. In addition to reducing funds for the federal government s own efforts, the president has turned down or ignored financing requests at another program officials said could help lower disaster tolls. Unlike the previous administration of former President Felipe Calderon, Pena Nieto has not invested in a widely praised earthquake alert system credited with saving lives since it was implemented in Mexico City in 1989.  The system, the Center for Seismic Instrumentation and Registry, detects many quakes across the country, sounding a warning that gives the 20 million residents of greater Mexico City crucial time to evacuate buildings before some tremors arrive. Funded mostly by the city government, and currently operating on less than 30 million pesos per year, the system needs more monitors to detect even more temblors, like the 7.1 quake on Sept. 19. Better detection, the system s director said, could have given Mexico City residents up to 5 seconds more warning that day. As it happened, many locals said they heard the alarm only once the ground began shaking.  But repeated requests to Pena Nieto and various federal agencies for additional funding in recent years were met with  Olympic silence,  said Juan Manuel Espinosa, the director. In its statement, the president s office said the federal government had no obligation to fund the alarm system. It noted a shortfall in past financing for the system by the state of Oaxaca, which is a contractual partner with the Mexico City government in its financing.  For Pena Nieto and his Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, the cutbacks could create problems at the ballot box, especially among a Mexican electorate that is increasingly ready for change after years of corruption and drug violence. Although Pena Nieto cannot stand for reelection, the PRI ranks third in current projections for the July vote. Meanwhile, rivals like leftist frontrunner and former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador are poised to take advantage of any missteps.   Whoever gets this wrong will feel the effects in the election,  said Gustavo Mohar, a former Mexican intelligence official who now runs a strategic risk consultancy.  For the recovery to succeed, the government must find additional sources of financing. Estimates of the cost range from about $2 billion, according to the government, to as much as $4 billion, a calculation by investment bank Nomura. Puente, the emergency services chief, said the finance ministry may receive funding from catastrophe bonds, issued by the World Bank in August, that could provide Mexico with up to $360 million in protection from certain quakes and storms. But aside from housing the homeless and rebuilding, the government must also ensure it spends disaster funds wisely and transparently - a notoriously tricky task, particularly for an administration that many Mexicans consider corrupt. In the hard-hit capital, where at least 206 people died, volunteers helping with recovery work this week said they distrust the government s ability to provide effective relief.  There is no money for anything,  said Beatriz Navarrete, a 21-year-old medical student manning a donations tent.  If the government was really spending money, we wouldn t be here, begging for medicine.  ",1
18753,"Fear of volcanic eruption on Bali forces nearly 135,000 to flee to shelters","KARANGASEM, Indonesia (Reuters) - Nearly 135,000 people on the Indonesian island of Bali have left their homes and taken shelter in makeshift evacuation centers after warnings the Mount Agung volcano could erupt at any time, officials said late on Thursday. Spewing white smoke and sending tremors through the area, Mount Agung s alert status was raised to the highest level last week. Since then, tens of thousands of villagers have abandoned their homes beneath the menacing volcano. The national disaster management agency said many people have fled because they are unsure of their proximity to a 12 km (seven miles) exclusion zone imposed around the crater.     Evacuees are being housed in tents, school gyms, and government buildings in neighboring villages.  While there are plentiful stocks of food, water, medicines, and other supplies, evacuees fear they are in for a long wait that could disrupt their livelihoods. One farmer said he was worried that lava flows could destroy his house and farm.  If my house is destroyed I don t know how to restart my life. I don t know where my kids will sleep and all I can do now is pray,  said Gusti Gege Astana, 40.    Officials also noted there are around 30,000 cattle within the danger zone around the volcano, and efforts are being made to move the livestock as it is an important source of income for many residents.     More than 1,000 people were killed the last time Mount Agung erupted, in 1963. An elderly woman who survived that eruption said evacuation instructions had come much earlier this time.  Back then we weren t evacuated until it got really dangerous. Life went on as normal when ash and gravel was falling on us, until the big lava came out and destroyed everything,  said 82-year-old Gusti Ayu Wati. Indonesia has nearly 130 active volcanoes, more than any other country. Many of these show high levels of activity but it can be weeks or even months before an actual eruption. Bali is famous for its beaches and temples and saw nearly 5 million visitors last year, mainly from China, Australia, and Japan. Some tourists, however, were having second thoughts about their holiday plans after several countries, including Singapore and Australia, issued travel advisories warning of the risk from the volcano.  Bali s tourism department on Thursday issued a letter   reassuring travelers, and noting that flights were operating normally.  The island is safe except for areas around Mount Agung. We urge tourists to continue visiting,  the letter said. The transportation minister said on Wednesday that Bali-bound flights could be diverted to 10 airports across the country in case of an eruption.      Ash clouds from volcanic eruptions have disrupted tourism in Bali and other parts of Indonesia in recent years. Hundreds of domestic and international flights were disrupted in 2016 when a volcano erupted on Bali s neighboring Lombok island, sending columns of ash and debris into the air. ",1
18754,Turkey's Erdogan links fate of detained U.S. pastor to wanted cleric Gulen,"ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan suggested on Thursday that Turkey could free a detained U.S. pastor if the United States handed over a Muslim cleric living in Pennsylvania whom Ankara has blamed for a failed military coup last year, an idea that Washington appeared to dismiss. Turkey has been seeking the extradition of Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Erdogan whose supporters are blamed for trying to overthrow Erdogan s government in July 2016. Gulen has denied any role in the coup attempt, in which 250 people were killed. U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, have said the Turkish government has yet to provide enough evidence for the U.S. Justice Department to act. Thousands of people have been detained in a crackdown since the failed coup, including American Christian missionary Andrew Brunson, who ran a small church in Izmir on Turkey s western coast.  Brunson has been held since October. Turkish media has said  the charges against him include membership of Gulen s network, considered a terrorist organization by the Turkish government.  The United States has said that Brunson has been wrongfully imprisoned and has called for him to be released. In a speech to police officers at the presidential palace in Ankara, Erdogan appeared to link the fate of the two men.   Give us the pastor back , they say. You have one pastor as well. Give him (Gulen) to us,  Erdogan said.  Then we will try him (Brunson) and give him to you.    The (pastor) we have is on trial. Yours is not - he is living in Pennsylvania. You can give him easily. You can give him right away.  A decree issued in August gave Erdogan authority to approve the exchange of foreigners detained or convicted in Turkey with people held in other countries  in situations required by national security or national interests . Asked about Erdogan s suggestion of a swap of Gulen for Brunson, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said,   I can t imagine that we would go down that road.   We have received extradition requests for him (Gulen),  she told a daily State Department briefing.  I have nothing new for you on that. We continue to call for Pastor Brunson s release.  She said U.S. diplomats were able to visit Brunson on September 18, and added,  We continue to advocate for his release.  He was wrongfully imprisoned in Turkey, and we d like to see him brought home.   ",1
18755,Macron's EU vision will bolster Franco-German axis: Merkel,"TALLINN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel praised French President Emmanuel Macron s ambitions for the European Union on Thursday and said his ideas could be the foundation for  intense  Franco-German cooperation on the future of Europe. Meeting before a summit dinner of EU leaders in Estonia, Merkel and the recently elected Macron are keen for the bloc s founders to drive it forward in the wake of Brexit, though the losses she suffered in winning a fourth term on Sunday mean Europe s leading politician faces uncertain support at home.  On Tuesday, Macron outlined bold proposals for a European renewal, calling for the European Union to work more closely on defense and migration and for a euro zone budget. He urged his peers to put European vision above national interests, saying in his address that he had  no red lines, only horizons . However, he faced a cautious hearing when he expounded his ideas to fellow EU leaders over dinner in Tallinn.  European horizons drawn. Important to avoid mirages in the desert on the way,  Lithuania s no-nonsense President Dalia Grybauskaite tweeted while the discussion was still going on. The informal get-together was arranged on the fly before a  digital summit  on issues ranging from data and cybersecurity to raising more tax from online firms. It had no set agenda and could range widely, even allowing for Prime Minister Theresa May to pitch her ideas on Britain s looming exit from the European Union. But diplomats said its focus will be on the fizz of new initiatives, notably from Macron. An EU source said there was a  strong and shared willingness to maintain the unity  and that the European Union should be  open to address new ideas  while continuing to work to deliver concrete results for citizens. A French presidential source said France was not trying to impose its ideas on its partners but to show them that they were in their common interest and recognized that some needed time to reflect.  The idea is not about forcing people to give a binary response. France cannot force things,  the source said, adding that Paris hoped leaders could agree on a way to work on the ideas in the coming weeks before an October summit in Brussels. The Estonia meeting comes four days after a German election that has raised the prospect of months of tough coalition talks for Merkel, the most influential EU leader, and two days after Macron s rallying cry for deeper integration of national economies.  Macron has stolen the show,  one senior EU official said of the dinner debate. Many admire the youthful new French president s energy and oratory after years in which Paris, long a driving force of the European Union, has appeared bereft of self-confidence. Merkel told reporters before a meeting with Macron that his ideas could be the basis for  intense  Franco-German cooperation.  As far as the proposals were concerned, there was a high level of agreement between German and France. We must still discuss the details, but I am of the firm conviction that Europe can t just stay still but must continue to develop,  she said. However, she may find it hard to commit Berlin to much as she has barely started the process of building what is likely to be a three-way coalition government. Macron was also likely to face polite but firm resistance at the dinner to his calls for a substantial pooling of national budgets in the euro zone and a possible breakaway by the wealthy, western states into a deeper monetary union. The French presidential source recognized that euro zone matters would not be easy and that it might not be possible to have agreement on all items, although Merkel had not earlier on Thursday ruled anything out. Eastern European leaders are cautious about the risk of new cleavages on the continent leaving them behind, while there are plenty, like Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte, a moving spirit behind the Tallinn dinner, who are skeptical about more financial burden-sharing before southern neighbors   including France   put their own national budgets on a sounder footing. Brussels diplomats had been a shade nervous about the leaders being left, unscripted, to their own devices at a time when not only Macron but EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker and others have been delivering a stream of ideas. These focus on how the bloc, emerging from a slump and a series of crises, can reinforce itself in the wake of Britain s departure in 2019. Summit chair Donald Tusk moderated the discussion which went on past midnight and the EU source said he would  consult with his colleagues in the coming two weeks and propose how to take the work forward.  May also attended the dinner, despite Britain s increasing isolation as it prepares to quit the bloc in 18 months. May arrived with a better sense of whether her keynote major Brexit speech last Friday has succeeded in unblocking talks in Brussels on Britain s divorce package. The chief EU negotiator, Michel Barnier, praised on Thursday a  new dynamic  to Brexit negotiations created by concessions made by May although progress was still not sufficient to allow discussions on a transition period after Brexit or on future trade relations. EU officials said she should not expect direct feedback in Tallinn from the other leaders. But she was expected to talk to some of them individually as she pursues her quest for agreement to open talks on close ties with the bloc after Britain leaves. The EU insists that cannot happen until  significant progress  is made on divorce terms   notably how much Britain owes. Her speech in Florence has, so far, averted a stalemate, EU negotiators say, opening the way for some positive movement. ",1
18756,Russia and North Korea to discuss nuclear crisis in Moscow,"MOSCOW/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russian and North Korean officials will meet in Moscow on Friday to discuss the North Korea crisis, a move welcomed by the United States, which has been locked in am increasingly heated war of words with Pyongyang over its nuclear and missile programs. Russia s Foreign Ministry said Oleg Burmistrov, Russia s ambassador-at-large, would meet Choe Son-hui, director-general of the North American department of North Korea s foreign ministry. Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova declined to give details, but said her ministry would issue a statement after the meeting. The United States welcomed the planned meeting, with U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert saying:  I can t see that as a bad thing.   Diplomacy is our preferred approach,  Nauert told a regular briefing.  If Russia can be successful in getting North Korea to move in a better direction, we would certainly welcome that.  Privately, however, U.S. officials have played down the likely effect of the Russian effort. Recent days have seen exchanges of heated rhetoric and threats between U.S. President Donald Trump s administration and North Korea over the latter s bid to develop nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States. Nauert said Friday s talks would follow a visit to Moscow by the U.S. special envoy for North Korea, Joseph Yun, about two weeks ago. Attending the U.N. General Assembly in New York last week, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov pushed a proposal by Moscow and Beijing for a dual suspension of North Korean weapons tests and the U.S.-South Korean military drills to kick-start negotiations. He suggested then that a neutral European country could mediate. Washington has said its joint military drills are essential to guard against North Korea and that Pyongyang must show it is serious about giving up its nuclear weapons before any return to talks. North Korea, for its part, says it needs to develop its weapons to defend itself against what it sees as U.S. aggression. Last week, Lavrov said North Korea and the United States should tone down their bellicose rhetoric, calling the exchange of threats between the two  quite bad, unacceptable.  ",1
18757,World Bank approves $150 million disaster fund for Dominican Republic,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The World Bank on Thursday approved $150 million in disaster financing for the Dominican Republic to help it better prepare for natural disasters, weeks after the country was pummeled by two major hurricanes. The loan was the first contingency line of credit approved by the World Bank for a Caribbean country under the so-called Catastrophe Deferred Drawdown Option. The facility provides countries with financing to prepare them for natural disasters without taking government resources away from social or development programs, the World Bank said. The Dominican Republic was battered by Hurricane Irma on Sept. 7 and drenched days later by Hurricane Maria, forcing evacuations and damaging infrastructure and homes.       This financing will help us mitigate risks from climate shocks, natural disasters, as well as pandemics,  Dominican Republic President Danilo Medina said in a statement. Tahseen Sayed, World Bank director for the Caribbean, said the financing would help the Dominican Republic strengthen and speed up its response to disasters.  The most important lesson from our experience in disaster response across the world is to invest in prevention and preparedness to be able to respond speedily when disaster strikes,  said Sayed. Economic damage from disasters in the Dominican Republican is estimated at about $420 million a year, according to a recent World Bank and Ministry of Economy, Planning and Development study.  ",1
18758,Trump to host Thai prime minister on October 2: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will host Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha at the White House on Oct. 2, not Oct. 3 as previously announced, the White House said in a statement on Thursday. ",1
18759,British Columbia hires investigator to probe money laundering in casinos,"VANCOUVER (Reuters) - British Columbia has hired an investigator to look into money laundering at casinos in the Western Canadian province, it said on Thursday, after a report cited suspicious cash transactions at a Vancouver-area casino popular with Chinese gamblers. Peter German, a former deputy commissioner with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, Canada s national police force, has been tapped to conduct the independent review and complete it by March, Attorney General David Eby said in a statement. German will make recommendations on reform to the province s anti-money laundering laws, he added.  There are concerns about money laundering that have been growing for years   our government is taking action to deal with them quickly and thoroughly.  A 2016 report released last week flagged suspicious cash transactions at the River Rock Casino Resort in the Vancouver suburb of Richmond, including an incident involving C$13.5 million ($10.86 million) in C$20 bills. The report, commissioned by the previous Liberal government, highlighted problems with anti-money laundering rule compliance and cited the casino s culture of accepting large cash transactions without question. The report also said that the majority of high-risk cash transactions were from  high roller Asian VIP clients,  many of whom were recent immigrants to Canada or Chinese nationals. ",1
18760,"Promoters of pop concerts, other events may ditch Malaysia as hard-line Islam gets a grip","KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Organizers of pop concerts and some other big events are increasingly wary of including Malaysia on their itineraries, as the cancellation of a beer festival due to take place next month highlighted growing intolerance toward activities regarded as insulting to Islam by some Muslim groups. The promoters say that international music stars, especially those known for risqu  lyrics or revealing clothing, are unlikely to be brought to Malaysia as part of regional or global tours. The same goes for any gatherings that could in any way be deemed un-Islamic. While such concerns have been building for some time in this majority Sunni Muslim nation, the organizers say that the atmosphere has become particularly difficult in the past year.  The politicization of Islam has increased as Prime Minister Najib Razak s ruling party seeks to appease more-fundamentalist elements to secure its large, rural Malay vote bank ahead of an election expected in the coming months. A United Nations cultural rights expert warned in a report last week that there is growing pressure to adopt a more narrow interpretation of the Islamic religion and identity in Malaysia, which excludes the country s cross-cultural history, marginalizes religious minorities, and fails to take account of the diversity of Malay Muslims.  Of course it does affect the overall attractiveness of Malaysia being a venue for artists, events or festivals to be held. With artists  touring of Southeast Asia, Malaysia will not be the first choice for any act to tour,  said Darren Choy, the chairman of the Recording Industry Association of Malaysia who also heads the Malaysian unit of American entertainment and record label group Warner Music.  It may end up being the last to be considered, or not at all,  he added.   The Malaysian government did not respond to requests for  comment for this story.   The popular Better Beer Festival 2017, which has been held for the past five years, was unexpectedly called off last week after the Kuala Lumpur city council banned the October 6-7 event. The ban followed protests by the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS), who said the event would turn the capital into  the largest vice center in Asia.  The beer festival s organizers said that authorities called it off  due to the political sensitivity surrounding the event .  Police said later that it was canceled because of the threat of a militant attack. PAS said on Thursday it has now also filed an objection over plans to host next month the annual Oktoberfest beer festival in the Petaling Jaya area of the capital. The party said in a statement that it was its  social responsibility  to oppose alcohol festivals. Also last week, after rumors that a gay party was being planned for Kuala Lumpur, the government issued a ban notice, and ordered immigration officers to deny entry to anyone planning to attend either that or the Better Beer Festival. The gay party organizers said they only ever intended to hold the party in Thailand, not Malaysia. Enforcement authorities last month launched a probe into the Kuala Lumpur chapter of Atheists Republic, a Canada-based organization. A minister in Najib s cabinet said later that Muslim apostates should be  hunted down vehemently . Malaysia has already made international headlines this year for barring the screening of the 2017 edition of Disney s  Beauty and the Beast  due to a  gay moment  in one scene. The film was eventually released after local distributors asked the censor board to review the decision. Shortly after, the catchy summer dance song  Despacito  was taken off state radio and television stations after complaints that the lyrics were obscene.   For some years it has been getting more difficult for international pop stars who wish to make appearances in Malaysia. In 2013, a concert set to be performed by musical artist, Kesha, was banned. In the past, artists such as Beyonce have canceled performances in Malaysia due to restrictions over costumes and dancing. A concert by American pop star Selena Gomez was only allowed in July 2016 after assurances that she would cover herself up. But fear of trouble at the concert - PAS youth leaders  protested outside the venue - kept many fans away and thousands of tickets were left unsold. There have been no big Western acts so far this year, though  British singer Ed Sheeran is expected to perform in Kuala Lumpur in November.   This weekend s Formula 1 Malaysian Grand Prix does not include major international pop stars as has usually been the case in recent years. Organizers denied this was due to recent controversies.  You have to be very careful about the type of acts you book and make sure you comply with all the rules and even then, there s no guarantee it will be approved by the authorities,  said Qisthina Razin, representative of Malaysian events organization, Freeform.   Rizal Kamal, vice president of the arts, live festivals and the arts association (ALIFE), a body representing event organizers, said Malaysian show producers have started moving out.    Malaysian producers are going to Singapore and Indonesia due to problems in Malaysia,  he said.   Choy said the bans are  denting the perception of Malaysia being a moderate and tolerant Islamic country.  The impact of religious fundamentalism isn t just about Malaysia s image to the outside world. It also gnaws away at the country s multicultural and pluralistic fabric. About 40 percent of Malaysia s population is non-Muslim, including Christians, Buddhists and Hindus. Najib s approach risks empowering and legitimizing  conservative parties and organizations once only classified as extreme fringe groups. Such religious organizations are also in an increasingly strong position to influence the government and its policies.  United Nations Special Rapporteur Karima Bennoune in her report last week expressed deep concern at the level of involvement of religious authorities in policy decisions. She said some Malaysians have expressed concern about a growing Islamisation, which represented a  significant break with the past . Bennoune expressed particular concern over bans regarding traditional Malay arts and restrictions on women performing in public in the northeastern state of Kelantan, which is governed by PAS. Prime Minister Najib has projected a global image of a moderate Muslim leader and has widely promoted himself as a key player in the fight against Islamic extremism. In a meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump last month, Najib said Malaysia is a partner in America s fight against the Islamic State, and it will be a key player in promoting moderate Islam. He has been largely silent during a series of recent religion-related incidents in Malaysia. He did, though, comment this week after the owner of a laundromat in southern Malaysia apologized for barring non-Muslim users, a ban that had gone viral on social media and triggered condemnations by community leaders, including the Sultan of Johor.  The government will remain committed to upholding the true Islamic teachings while protecting the interests of the other communities as demanded of Islam,  Najib said in a statement late on Wednesday, state news agency Bernama reported. Cynthia Gabriel, executive director for a Kuala Lumpur based welfare group C4, said there is an urgent need to accept multi-culturalism again.  It is bad for society, so it is bad for business, when two sets of laws and policies operate in one country,  she said. ",1
18761,"Trump congratulates Merkel on election win, discusses Iran: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump congratulated German Chancellor Angela Merkel on her election victory in a telephone conversation on Thursday in which they also discussed the Iran nuclear deal, the White House said.  The leaders discussed how to counter Iran s malign activities in the Middle East, and addressed the nuclear deal and Iran s missile program, and its non-compliance with relevant United Nations resolutions,  the White House said in a statement. ",1
18762,Islamic State set up Libyan desert army after losing Sirte: prosecutor,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Islamic State militants in Libya set up a desert army composed of at least three brigades after they lost their stronghold of Sirte last year, a senior prosecutor said on Thursday. Hundreds of militants are believed to have escaped from Sirte before or during the seven-month campaign to oust the jihadist group from the coastal city, which it took control of in 2015. Sheltering in desert camps, fugitive militants have become emboldened in recent weeks, occasionally setting up checkpoints on roads to the south and east of Sirte and claiming two deadly attacks against local forces. The United States, which provided air support for the Sirte campaign, has conducted three sets of air strikes targeting the camps - one in January, one on Sept. 22, and one on Tuesday. After the first strikes some wounded militants had been arrested and some  materials  seized, Sadiq Al-Sour, head of investigations for the Attorney General s office, said at a news conference in Tripoli. Investigators learned that Islamic State had established a  desert army  led by Libyan militant Al-Mahdi Salem Dangou, also known as Abu Barakat, Sour said. The force includes three brigades operating under Dangou, each with its own commander.  This army was established after the liberation of the city of Sirte... Now they are in the Libyan desert,  said Sour. Separately, Sour said authorities had arrested a senior Islamic State commander who supervised the beheading of 21 Coptic Christians from Egypt in Sirte in February 2015.  He gave details on the incident and indicated their place of burial,  Sour said.  We are seeking with military authorities in the central region to discover where the bodies are, and hopefully we will find them, despite the time that has passed.  Egypt launched air strikes in Libya a day after Islamic State released a video showing the Copts being beheaded on a beach. Sour said that in the past, Islamic State had used established routes to bring foreign fighters into Libya from neighboring countries including Sudan, Egypt, Tunisia and Algeria. The largest number of fighters had been brought in from Sudan and transited through the Libyan city of Ajdabiya, about 350 km (218 miles) east of Sirte, he said. ",1
18763,Munich prosecutors arrest ex-Porsche executive in Audi emissions probe: source,"MUNICH (Reuters) - Munich prosecutors have arrested a former board member of Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) unit Porsche in connection with an emissions scandal at carmaker Audi, a person familiar with the matter said on Thursday. Wolfgang Hatz, former Research and Development chief at Porsche and head of powertrain development at Audi and parent Volkswagen in previous roles, was taken into custody, the person said, marking the first arrest of a former board member of one of Volkswagen s units in Germany. A lawyer representing Hatz declined to confirm the arrest and also declined any further comment. Hatz left Porsche last year, having been suspended since Volkswagen s emissions test-cheating scandal broke in September 2015. Investigations found no evidence against him, Porsche said in May 2016. Munich prosecutors earlier said they had arrested a second suspect and widened the number of suspects in their investigation. They did not disclose the suspect s identity. Prosecutors have also searched personal premises, a spokeswoman for the Munich prosecutors said, adding that corporate locations were not part of the raid. Audi has no knowledge of the arrest and continues to cooperate with authorities, a spokesman said. German business daily Handelsblatt first reported the arrest and Sueddeutsche Zeitung disclosed Hatz s identity. Audi admitted in November 2015, two months after parent Volkswagen s diesel emissions scandal broke, that its 3.0 liter V6 diesel engines were fitted with an auxiliary control device deemed illegal in the United States. In March, Munich prosecutors searched offices at the carmaker s Ingolstadt base, where about 44,000 workers are employed, and the premises of Jones Day, a U.S. law firm hired by Volkswagen to lead an investigation into the emissions scandal.     Four months later the U.S. Justice Department said it had charged a former Audi manager with directing employees at the company to design software to cheat U.S. emissions tests in thousands of Audi diesel cars. The former Audi manager, Italian citizen Giovanni Pamio, was subsequently arrested by Munich prosecutors on suspicion of fraud and false advertising in connection with the carmaker s emissions scandal. Pamio remains in custody pending ongoing German investigations and an extradition request by U.S. authorities. Pamio s lawyers said he is cooperating fully with prosecutors and has denied the allegations. ",1
18764,Catalan separatists call supporters onto streets for 'peaceful' referendum day,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Catalan separatists urged supporters to defy Spanish efforts to block an independence referendum on Sunday, calling for peaceful turnouts at polling stations that police have been ordered to keep shut. Pro-independence groups the Catalan National Assembly (ANC) and Omnium said on Thursday that people should form queues if they found police guarding voting stations, amid concerns that frustrations over an event progressively stripped of any meaningful political impact could erupt into street unrest. Tackling one of the biggest political crises to hit Spain since democracy was restored in the 1970s after decades of dictatorship, authorities in Madrid have declared the referendum unconstitutional and told police to ensure no votes are cast.  The rich northeastern region is pressing ahead, and its leader Carles Puigdemont - who has labeled the government s response anti-democratic - said a week ago he had contingency plans in place to ensure the vote would take place. But ANC and Omnium said Catalonia s priority for Sunday should be to present a responsible and united face to the world - even if that meant forming long queues without actually voting.  Peaceful resistance, zero violence... If you can t access the voting stations, by no means should you respond with violence,  ANC said in an internal document distributed to members.  Above all, bear in mind this is not a demonstration but a giant queue. The picture of millions of people queuing with a ballot paper in their hand will be more impressive.  With both groups having strong track records of non-violent protest, the biggest risk of civil disturbance appeared to lie with members of foreign anarchist groups, who local newspapers including El Confidencial and El Espanol said had arrived in Barcelona. If they approach any of the more than 2,500 voting stations across Catalonia, they will encounter a stepped-up police.  Around 4,000 state police from other regions have been deployed to prevent the vote and maintain security. They will join 5,000 state police based in the region and 17,000 local police, or Mossos d Esquadra. The Mossos have said the order to close voting stations increased the risk of confrontation between demonstrators and police, a worry shared on Thursday by two United Nations experts.  We are concerned that this order and the accompanying rhetoric may heighten tensions and social unrest,  said David Kaye, Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression, and Alfred de Zayas, independent expert on the promotion of a democratic and equitable international order.     Following a meeting a Barcelona of senior security officials, Spain s junior Interior Minister Jose Antonio Nieto confirmed no vote would be allowed, though the government would not prevent people from demonstrating.  On Sunday, it will be possible to celebrate, everybody in a different way, through a picnic or a demonstration, and to express a sentiment but there will be no breach of the law,  he told a news conference. ANC said voters should show  institutional dignity  and form queues without staging a  spectacle . ",1
18765,Cameroon Anglophone regions to shut Nigeria border over protests,"YAOUNDE (Reuters) - The government of one of Cameroon s Anglophone regions ordered its border with Nigeria closed this weekend in response to calls by activists for protests to demand more rights for the country s English-speaking minority. The move on Thursday represents an escalation in a crackdown on months of protest spurred by complaints about political and economic discrimination in the Anglophone regions of the predominantly Francophone country. Security forces killed six protesters and arrested hundreds of others following calls for reforms by lawyers and teachers last year, and the internet was shut down in Anglophone regions from January to April. The Anglophone regions have strong ties to eastern Nigeria, and authorities may fear that allowing the border to remain open during protests offers the demonstrators a rear base and makes it harder to maintain order.  Anglophone activists have called for renewed protest on Sunday after thousands took to the streets last week, with some hoisting separatist flags. In a statement, Southwest region s governor, Bernard Okalia Bilai, said the border would be closed from 9 p.m. (2000 GMT) Friday until 7 a.m. Monday  following persistent threats of destabilization through manipulation by individuals acting from outside the national territory.   The order also banned inter-city transportation, gatherings of more than four people in public locations and all port activity during that same period. It was not clear whether similar restrictions would be imposed in Northwest, Cameroon s other Anglophone region.   The unrest has presented a fresh challenge to the government of President Paul Biya, which has faced international criticism for its response to the demonstrations.  In a statement on Thursday, a U.N. spokesman said Secretary-General Antonio Guterres was deeply concerned about tensions ahead of Sunday s demonstrations and urged the government to address the grievances of English speakers.  The Secretary-General supports upholding the unity and territorial integrity of Cameroon and urges all parties to refrain from acts that could lead to an escalation of tension and violence,  the statement said.   The country s linguistic divide harks back to the end of World War One, when the League of Nations divided the former German colony of Kamerun between the allied French and British victors. After independence in 1960, the English-speaking part opted to join French Cameroon instead of Nigeria. ",1
18766,"U.S. envoy to U.N. demands Myanmar prosecutions, weapons curbs, over Rohingya","UNITED NATIONS/YANGON (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley on Thursday called on countries to suspend providing weapons to Myanmar over violence against Rohingya Muslims until the military puts sufficient accountability measures in place. It was the first time the United States called for punishment of military leaders behind the repression, but stopped short of threatening to reimpose U.S. sanctions which were suspended under the Obama administration.  We cannot be afraid to call the actions of the Burmese authorities what they appear to be - a brutal, sustained campaign to cleanse the country of an ethnic minority,  Haley told the U.N. Security Council, the first time Washington has  echoed the U.N. s accusation that the displacement of hundreds of thousands of people in Rakhine State was ethnic cleansing. Myanmar rejects the accusations and has denounced rights abuses.  The Burmese military must respect human rights and fundamental freedoms. Those who have been accused of committing abuses should be removed from command responsibilities immediately and prosecuted for wrongdoing,  Haley said.    And any country that is currently providing weapons to the Burmese military should suspend these activities until sufficient accountability measures are in place,  Haley said. Myanmar national security adviser Thaung Tun said at the United Nations on Thursday there was no ethnic cleansing or genocide happening in Myanmar. He told the Security Council that Myanmar had invited U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres to visit. A U.N. official said Guterres would consider visiting Myanmar under the right conditions.  China and Russia both expressed support for the Myanmar government. Myanmar said earlier this month it was negotiating with China and Russia, which have veto powers in the Security Council, to protect it from any possible action by the council. The Trump administration has mostly hewed to former President Barack Obama s approach of forging warmer relations with Myanmar, partly aimed at countering China s influence in the resource-rich Southeast Asian country. Meanwhile, international aid groups in Myanmar have urged the government to allow free access to Rakhine, where an army offensive has sent more than 500,000 people fleeing to Bangladesh, but hundreds of thousands remain cut off from food, shelter and medical care. Refugees are still leaving Myanmar, more than a month after Rohingya Muslim insurgents attacked security posts near the border, triggering fierce Myanmar military retaliation. Aid groups said on Thursday the total number of refugees in Bangladesh was now 502,000. The Myanmar government has stopped international aid groups and U.N. agencies from carrying out most of their work in the north of Rakhine state, citing insecurity since the Aug. 25 insurgent attacks. Aid groups said in a joint statement they were:  increasingly concerned about severe restrictions on humanitarian access and impediments to the delivery of critically needed humanitarian assistance throughout Rakhine State.    We urge the government and authorities of Myanmar to ensure that all people in need in Rakhine State have full, free and unimpeded access to life-saving humanitarian assistance.  The government has put the Myanmar Red Cross in charge of aid to the state, with the help of the International Committee of the Red Cross. But the groups said they feared insufficient aid was getting through. Relations between the government and aid agencies had been difficult for months, with some officials accusing the groups of helping the insurgents. Aid groups dismissed the accusations, which they said had inflamed anger toward them among Buddhists in the communally divided state, and called for an end to  misinformation and unfounded accusations . Rights groups have accused the army of trying to push Rohingya Muslims out of Myanmar, and of committing crimes against humanity. They have called for sanctions, in particular an arms embargo. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned on Thursday that the violence against Rohingya Muslims in the northern part of Rakhine could spread to central Rakhine, where 250,000 more people were at risk of displacement. Guterres told the U.N. Security Council during its first public meeting on Myanmar in eight years, that the violence had spiraled into the  world s fastest developing refugee emergency, a humanitarian and human rights nightmare.  A group of Republican and Democratic senators urged the Trump administration on Thursday to use the  full weight  of its influence to help resolve the Rohingya crisis in Myanmar and Bangladesh. A letter seen by Reuters and signed by four Republican and 17 Democratic members of the 100-seat Senate also calls on Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Agency for International Development Administrator Mark Green to provide more humanitarian aid. The British Minister of State for Asia and the Pacific, Mark Field, described the situation as  an unacceptable tragedy  after visiting Myanmar and meeting leaders including Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, who has faced scathing criticism and calls for her Nobel prize to be withdrawn.  Police in Bangladesh said they recovered the bodies of 14 refugees, including nine children, who drowned when their boat capsized off the coast in bad weather. A Reuters photographer said he saw several babies among the victims. The U.N. International Organization for Migration later put the toll at 15. Police officer Afrajul Hoque Tutu said three boats had capsized in heavy seas.     Myanmar was getting ready to  verify  refugees who want to return, the government minister charged with putting into effect recommendations to solve problems in Rakhine said. Myanmar would conduct a  national verification process  at two points on its border with Bangladesh under terms agreed during a repatriation effort in 1993, state media quoted Win Myat Aye, the minister for social welfare, relief and resettlement, as saying. Myanmar authorities do not recognize Rohingya as an indigenous ethnic group, instead regarding them as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh.  The government hates us,  said refugee Zafar Alam, 55, sheltering from rain near a refugee settlement in Bangladesh, referring to the Myanmar government.  I don t think I d be safe there. There s no justice.  ",1
18767,Senate confirms Huntsman as ambassador to Russia,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate confirmed former Utah governor Jon Huntsman on Thursday to be President Donald Trump s ambassador to Russia, sending an experienced diplomat to fill the crucial post in Moscow. The Senate confirmed Huntsman, who also served as ambassador to China under former Democratic President Barack Obama, by voice vote. Huntsman served as ambassador to Singapore under former Republican President George H.W. Bush. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee had approved Huntsman unanimously earlier this week, as members from both parties praised his qualifications and experience. The Senate also confirmed three other diplomatic positions by voice vote: John Bass, currently the U.S. ambassador to Turkey, to be envoy to Afghanistan; career diplomat Justin Siberell to be ambassador to Bahrain and Wess Mitchell, a think-tank founder, to be Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs. Huntsman takes on the post in Moscow as congressional committees and special counsel Robert Mueller investigate allegations that Russia sought to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election on Trump s behalf, as well as potential collusion with Moscow by Trump associates. Moscow denies such activity and Trump dismisses any talk of collusion. Huntsman said at his confirmation hearing that there was no question Russia interfered during the 2016 campaign. ",1
18768,Compromise sought on U.N. Yemen inquiry as Saudi pressure mounts,"PARIS/GENEVA (Reuters) - Seeking to win Saudi Arabia s agreement to a U.N. investigation into alleged war crimes in Yemen, the Netherlands revised a proposed resolution late on Thursday, the eve of a crucial vote that will determine if there is tough outside scrutiny of Yemen s war.  The Dutch revision submitted to the U.N. Human Rights Council, circulated just in time for debate on Friday morning, called for an  international eminent group of experts  to carry out an inquiry.  The earlier version had asked for an  international commission of inquiry,  the gold standard for U.N. human rights investigations since a landmark report by a U.N. commission of inquiry into North Korea in 2014. It was not immediately clear if the call for an eminent group of experts would be accepted by Saudi Arabia, which has in previous years convinced the U.N. Human Rights Council that an internal Yemeni investigation is more appropriate. Saudi Arabia and its allies have been bombing the Iran-aligned Houthi movement in Yemen since the Houthis seized much of the country s north in 2015.  U.N. human rights chief Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein has pleaded with the council s 47 member countries to launch an independent investigation into the war, which has killed thousands, ruined the economy and pushed millions to the brink of famine. Riyadh says the coalition is fighting terrorists and supporting Yemen s legitimate government, but Zeid s office has said Saudi-led air strikes cause the majority of civilian casualties.  A panel set up by the Saudi-led coalition to investigate civilian casualties found its air strikes were largely justified. The last-minute Dutch amendment came after France, not currently a member of the council, pushed for a compromise.   We are working in particular to narrow positions on the international dimension of the investigation mechanism on the violation of human rights committed in Yemen,  French Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne told reporters. The French statement appeared to echo Britain and the United States, which want to see consensus around a single resolution.  We believe that there is room to satisfy everybody,  said a French diplomatic source, denying that Paris was seeking to weaken the text. Two diplomatic sources said the Dutch had been under great pressure to back down.  In a letter seen by one of the diplomats, Saudi Arabia - the world s biggest oil exporter - had warned some states of possible consequences should they support the Dutch resolution, submitted jointly with Canada, calling for a full commission. The Saudi ambassador in Geneva declined to comment on the negotiations. Earlier in the three-week council session, he said the time was not ripe for an international inquiry. The new French administration has drawn criticism over its stance in light of a ringing appeal by President Emmanuel Macron to defend human rights during his inaugural speech at the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 20.  Six major international groups, including Amnesty International, have published columns in the French press over the last week calling on Macron to do more on Yemen.  By refraining from supporting efforts to advance justice in Yemen, President Macron would betray his own pledge to uphold human rights values and place lucrative arms deals with Saudi Arabia above the shattered lives of ordinary Yemenis who have endured years of war crimes, cholera and near famine,  Louis Charbonneau, United Nations-based director at Human Rights Watch, said by phone.  It s not too late...to finally support an international investigation on Yemen and show Macron s commitment to human rights is more than mere words.  ",1
18769,"Brexit talks warmer after May's speech, but no closure","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and Britain made progress in the latest round of divorce talks, but not enough to move to the next phase of discussions on a transition period after Brexit or a future trade deal, top negotiators said on Thursday.  We have had a constructive week, yes, but we are not yet there in terms of achieving sufficient progress. Further work is needed in the coming weeks and months,  chief EU negotiator Michel Barnier told reporters, praising a  new dynamic  created by concessions made last week by Prime Minister Theresa May. She had hoped that a speech she made in Florence on Friday would unblock the three-month-old talks and pave the way for the EU to open discussions on a post-Brexit free trade deal, by allowing Barnier to tell EU leaders that there is  sufficient progress  on three key  divorce  issues - rights for expatriate citizens, the Northern Irish border and Britain s exit bill. Differences over the role of the European Court of Justice and how much London will owe Brussels remain major obstacles. Officials involved said there had been a better atmosphere this week. One EU official said May had averted the  train crash  which might have resulted from another week of stubborn deadlock. That would have increased risks of Britain simply crashing out of the Union into legal limbo in March 2019. British Brexit Secretary David Davis said the talks achieved  considerable progress  over the four days in Brussels. He repeated his eagerness to move on to discuss what happens after Brexit and the two-year transition period which May requested, during which Britain would remain in the EU single market.   We must never forget the bigger picture. Britain wants to be the European Union s strongest friend and partner,  he said, echoing May.  I leave Brussels optimistic about this future.  Officials said transition issues were not raised this week.  Barnier said he would  take stock  of progress with leaders of the other 27 EU states at a Brussels summit in three weeks time, a week after the next negotiating round. But he gave no indication of how likely he is to recommend opening trade talks. And  sufficient progress  has been deliberately left undefined. EU diplomats doubt Barnier will be satisfied by October and many see a December summit as a more likely moment to open the trade negotiations. However, officials said there could be some blurring of the EU refusal to discuss post-Brexit issues if the sides narrow differences and gain confidence in settling terms. Barnier highlighted two key areas of disagreement - on the legal protection for the rights of the 3 million EU citizens in Britain and on a pre-Brexit settlement from Britain for a share of outstanding financial commitments made during its membership. New figures from EU auditors on Thursday showed that the sum at stake may be growing as talks continue, simply due to delays in the bloc s spending of already agreed payments. May said on Friday that Britain would ensure the other 27 were not out of pocket in the current EU budget period and that it would  honour commitments . Barnier expressed disappointment that negotiators had made clear she meant to end those budget payments in 2020, even though payments from the current 2014-20 budget will go on for some years beyond that. And London had given him no detail on what other commitments it would meet. On citizens  rights, he welcomed Davis  confirmation that the treaty guaranteeing them should now have  direct effect  in British law. That tightens a link between what the EU negotiates and what its citizens can count on in future in British courts.  But the Union continues to demand that people also have the right to pursue grievances at the EU s own court in Luxembourg - a red line for a British government keen to show voters who backed Brexit last year that they have taken back control. Welcoming a guarantee that Britain would safeguard rights in a way  consistent with EU law , Barnier said:  We failed to agree that the European Court of Justice must play an indispensable role in ensuring this consistency.  ",1
18770,EU's Verhofstadtpokes fun at British PM May but says a Brexit deal can be done,"LONDON (Reuters) - The lead Brexit negotiator for the European Parliament poked fun at British Prime Minister Theresa May on Thursday, quipping that she gave her Brexit speech in Florence because she was familiar with the city s 15th century politics of betrayal. In a speech to students at the London School of Economics, Guy Verhofstadt said Brexit was negative and a waste of time and energy, though he also said Britain s decision to leave the bloc was a failure for the European Union.  I think she chose Florence because Florentine politics in the 15th century made her feel at home,  Verhofstadt said with a smile.  Backstabbing, betrayal, noble families fighting for power... It is an environment that she recognized fairly well.  He said the one positive outcome of Brexit was that the mood in the EU had reversed since Britain s vote to leave in June 2016 and that now many EU citizens did not want to destroy the Union. After May formally notified the EU in March of Britain s intention to leave the EU, the two sides have about a year left to negotiate the terms of the divorce and the outlines of the future relationship before it is due to leave in March 2019.  Both sides need an agreement to keep trade flowing between the world s biggest trading bloc and the fifth largest global economy, though some chief executives and diplomats fear what they term a disorderly Brexit without a deal. May had hoped that a speech she made in Florence on Friday would unblock the three-month-old talks and pave the way for the EU to open discussions on a post-Brexit free trade deal.  The EU and Britain made progress in the latest round of divorce talks, but not enough to move to the next phase of discussions on a transition period after Brexit or a future trade deal, top negotiators said on Thursday. When Verhofstadt was asked whether he thought a deal could ultimately be done on Brexit, he said:  That s the assumption that I have and it is towards that that we work.   And that a withdrawal agreement be done in March 2019 means that there has to be an agreement in fact in October or November because then the agreement will go to the European Parliament and we need four or five months,  he said.  After what he termed the  failure  of Brexit, Verhofstadt said the EU needed a major overhaul to give the euro zone a government with its own fiscal capacity and its own treasury and finance minister.  We need a management or government of this euro zone with a fiscal capacity, that is in my view the most important. And with a fiscal capacity, normally, you can also give out loans,  he said, adding that some type of euro securities could be issued at some point in the future. ",1
18771,Britain's May to press case with EU on security in Tallinn,"TALLINN (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May will press on Friday for Britain to have a new security partnership with the European Union after Brexit, visiting 800 British troops in northern Estonia to strengthen her case. Security cooperation is seen by British government officials as one of their strongest arguments to gain leverage in the complicated talks to unravel more than 40 years of union, and May will again underline Britain s role in European defense. In a speech in Florence last week, May sought to re-set the tone of talks and nudge them forward, after they all but stalled over the divorce settlement, especially over the so-called Brexit bill. But after another week of talks in Brussels, EU negotiators said there had not been enough progress yet to move to the next phase of discussions on a transition period after Brexit or a future trade deal.  With the largest defense budget in Europe, a far-reaching diplomatic network, world-class security, intelligence and law enforcement services, and our position at the heart of NATO, the UK s role in Europe s defense has never been more vital,  May said on the eve of an EU meeting in the Estonian capital.  As we prepare for Brexit, I want to build a bold, new security partnership with the EU. A partnership that reflects our shared history, promotes our common values, and maintains a secure and prosperous Europe.  The informal get-together in Tallinn, arranged before a  digital summit  on issues ranging from data and cybersecurity to taxing online businesses, has no set agenda, allowing May another chance to pitch her Brexit ideas. She sought to re-set the tone of the negotiations, using the speech in Florence to offer some concessions on the future role of the European court in Britain and over the cost of the divorce, moves which were cautiously welcomed. But by focusing on defense in Tallinn, May will want to show that Britain has something to offer its European neighbors and will say she is ready to share British expertise - including through the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) - to help EU nations build up their own cyber-security capability.  We will continue to work with our NATO allies, our European neighbors and the EU, to support a future partnership of unprecedented breadth and depth,  she said in a statement.  That will guarantee the security and stability of the continent for generations to come.  ",1
18772,U.S. air strike kills 'several' Islamic State militants in Libya,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. air strikes killed several Islamic State militants in Libya earlier this week, the U.S. military said on Thursday, the second series of strikes in the country in recent days. In a statement, U.S. Africa Command said the strike took place 100 miles (161 km) southeast of Sirte on Tuesday in coordination with Libya s Government of National Accord. Islamic State militants in Libya set up a desert army composed of at least three brigades after they lost their stronghold of Sirte last year, a senior prosecutor said on Thursday. ",1
18773,Turkey raises oil threat after Iraqi Kurds back independence,"ERBIL, Iraq/ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey threatened potentially crippling restrictions on oil trading with Iraqi Kurds on Thursday after they backed independence from Baghdad in a referendum that has alarmed Ankara as it faces a separatist insurgency from its own Kurdish minority. Iraq s Kurds endorsed secession by nine to one in a vote on Monday that has angered Turkey, the central government in Baghdad, and other regional and world powers, who fear the referendum could lead to renewed conflict in the region. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi s office said he had been told by Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim in a call that Turkey would break with past practice and deal only with the Baghdad government over oil exports from Iraq.  Most oil that flows through a pipeline from Iraq to Turkey comes from Kurdish sources and a cut-off would severely damage the Kurdish Regional Government (KRG), which relies on sales of crude for almost all its hard currency revenues. So far the pipeline is operating normally despite Turkish threats to impose economic sanctions on the Kurdish autonomous region in Iraq. Turkish officials, however, ramped up pressure on the Kurds on Thursday. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said after talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin the Kurdish government  made a big mistake by holding the referendum  and must be prevented from  bigger mistakes.  He said Turkey and Russia agreed the territorial integrity of Iraq and Syria must be preserved. Yildirim said separately that Turkey would respond harshly to any security threat on its border after the referendum, although that was not its first choice. Yildirim also said he agreed with Abadi to coordinate economic and trade relations with the central government in Baghdad. He said Turkey, Iran and Iraq may meet to discuss the referendum. Turkish government spokesman Bekir Bozdag said Turkish armed forces would stop training Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga forces, which protected oil fields from capture by the Islamic State. With the region s largest Kurdish population, Turkey has been battling a three-decade insurgency in its largely Kurdish southeast and fears the referendum will inflame separatist tensions at home. The United Nations offered on Thursday to help solve the problem between the KRG and Baghdad, the Iraqi foreign ministry said following a meeting between Foreign Minister Ibrahim al-Jafari and Jan Kubis, the top U.N. envoy in Iraq. The United States was willing, if asked, to help facilitate talks to try to ease tensions between the two sides, U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said. Kurdish officials say they can withstand an economic blockade because they are self-sufficient in terms of power generation and fuel supply and have fertile agricultural land. They also say that three quarters of the trucks that cross the Turkish border are heading to territory controlled by Baghdad rather than to the Kurdish region, so the Turkish and Iraqi economies would suffer from any blockade. But travel to the Kurdish region will become harder if  airports in Erbil and Sulaimaniya are closed to international flights. Their autonomous region in Iraq is the closest the Kurds have come in modern times to a state. It has flourished amid Iraq s civil war but may struggle to maintain investment if it is blockaded economically. Kurdish officials say that Abadi s tough response to the referendum vindicates Iraqi Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani s decision to hold the referendum because they believe Baghdad will not cooperate under any circumstances. The officials feel that if Baghdad, Turkey, Iran, the United States and the world line up against them, and the Kurds cannot see an end to their hardship, Barzani could come under pressure at home to declare independence. A diplomatic drive to forestall Monday s referendum failed to persuade Kurdish leaders, some of the United States  closest Middle Eastern allies, former U.S. officials and experts said. There were expectations that the United States, which said it would not recognize the vote, could use its ties to the Iraqi Kurds to persuade Barzani to cancel the referendum in exchange for a guarantee of talks with Baghdad.  The U.S. bid to stop the referendum failed, experts said, in part because the aging Barzani sees fulfilling aspirations for an independent Kurdish state as his legacy. The United States, major European countries and nearby Turkey and Iran all opposed the referendum as destabilizing at a time when all sides are still fighting Islamic State. A spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition said there had been a loss of focus in the fight against Islamic State since the referendum. Baghdad has heaped pressure on the Kurds, demanding they cancel their referendum, while parliament urged the Iraqi government to send troops to take control of oilfields held by Kurdish forces. Baghdad also demanded that foreign governments close their diplomatic missions in the Kurdish capital Erbil. Foreign airlines have begun cancelling flights to Kurdish airports after Iraq said international flights to Erbil and Sulaimaniya would be suspended from Friday. Turkey told its citizens to leave northern Iraq before the ban came into force. Kurdish authorities have rejected Baghdad s demands that they should annul the referendum and hand over control of their international airports, instead offering to hold talks with Baghdad in an attempt to defuse the airports crisis. Erdogan and Putin met in Ankara on Thursday. Russia s interest in the region is growing. Oil major Rosneft (ROSN.MM) is increasing investment in Kurdistan and the Kurds have been developing strong ties with Moscow.  Russia is one of the biggest investors in the economy of Iraqi Kurdistan at this moment,  said Kirill Vertyayev, a senior research fellow at the Institute of Oriental Studies in Moscow.  There is a certain conflict of interest because neither Baghdad nor Ankara are happy about Russia s economic expansion in Iraqi Kurdistan ... that s why Russia is acting carefully,  he said. The Kurds consider Monday s referendum to be an historic step in a generations-old quest for a state of their own, while    Iraq considers the vote unconstitutional. Barzani, who is KRG president, has said the vote is not binding, but meant to provide a mandate for negotiations with Baghdad and neighboring countries over the peaceful secession of the region from Iraq. Baghdad has rejected talks. The Kurds were left without a state of their own when the Ottoman Empire collapsed a century ago. Around 30 million live in Iraq, Turkey, Syria and Iran. The Kurds say the referendum acknowledges their contribution in confronting Islamic State after it overwhelmed the Iraqi army. ",1
18774,Turkey's Erdogan calls Iraqi Kurdish referendum illegitimate,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan on Thursday called the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum illegitimate and said Russia and Turkey agreed that the territorial integrity of Iraq and neighboring Syria must be preserved. Erdogan spoke after face-to-face talks in Ankara with President Vladimir Putin. The Russian leader gave no opinion of the vote, saying Moscow s position had been set out by the foreign ministry which said it respected the Kurds   national striving  but supported the sovereignty, unity and territorial integrity of Iraq. Both Turkey and Russia have strong commercial ties with the semi-autonomous Kurdish region of north Iraq but Turkey - with a large Kurdish population of its own - bitterly criticized Monday s referendum, threatening economic sanctions and a military response.  The Kurdish referendum has no legitimacy in terms of the Iraqi constitution and international laws,  Erdogan said in his comments at the presidential palace.   No one has the right to throw our region in the fire. In this delicate period after the referendum, we have to prevent the Kurdish Regional Government from making bigger mistakes.  Turkey has been battling an insurgency in its mainly Kurdish southeast for more than three decades and fears the vote in northern Iraq could fuel separatism within its own borders. Both Erdogan and Putin said they would continue to work together to address the conflict in Syria, where they have supported opposing sides in the struggle between President Bashar al-Assad s government and rebels who fought to overthrow him.  The de facto conditions for ending the fratricidal war in Syria, the final destruction of terrorists and Syrians  return to a normal life have been created,  said Putin, whose support for Assad helped turn the tide of the six-year conflict in favor of the president. Putin said he and Erdogan confirmed their commitment to four  de-escalation zones  across Syria, including the northwestern province of Idlib, home to about 2 million people and largely controlled by former Nusra Front militants. Erdogan said last week that Turkish troops will deploy inside Idlib, which is on Turkey s southern border, while Russia would maintain security outside the province. Warplanes conducted a tenth consecutive day of air strikes on the Idlib area on Thursday, targeting insurgent-held towns, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. Opposition rescue workers said on Wednesday that Russian and Syrian jets had killed at least 150 civilians in the air raids. Russia says it is only attacking jihadists. Russian media, citing the defense ministry, said 37 Nusra members including five field commanders were killed in a rocket attack in Idlib. The presidents said they wanted to see progress in two major projects, the TurkStream gas pipeline from Russia to Turkey and the Akkuyu nuclear power plant being built in Turkey with Russian collaboration.  We place great importance on the realization of these projects swiftly,  Erdogan said.  We have observed during out talks that there are some disruptions, we will fix them quickly.  ",1
18775,"Islamic State's Baghdadi, in undated audio, urges militants to keep fighting","CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State leader Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi has exhorted followers across the world to wage attacks against the West and to keep fighting in Iraq, Syria and elsewhere. The message released on Thursday was his first purported audio communication in almost a year during which his jihadist group lost much of its self-proclaimed  caliphate . The audio, partly dedicated to religious scriptures, came after several reports Baghdadi had been killed. His last recording was in November 2016, two weeks after the start of the  battle to recapture the city of Mosul from Islamic State (IS).  Oh Soldiers of the Caliphate, fan the flames of war on your enemies, take it to them and besiege them in every corner, and stand fast and courageous.   Beware of retreat, or the feeling of defeat, beware of negotiations or surrender. Do not lay down your arms,  Baghdadi said, referring to followers in Iraq, Syria, Saudi Arabia, North Africa and elsewhere in Africa. The date of the 46-minute recording, released via the Al-Furqan news organization, was not clear. But in it, Baghdadi makes an apparent reference to recent events including North Korean threats against Japan and United States and the recapture two months ago of Mosul by U.S.-backed Iraqi forces. Since Baghdadi proclaimed the caliphate stretching across Iraq and Syria in 2014, Iraqi forces have retaken a string of cities in western and northern Iraq including Mosul, where Baghdadi made his announcement from the city s El Nuri mosque. Western-backed Syrian forces are also thrusting into the eastern Syrian city of Raqqa, Islamic State s operational headquarters from where it plotted many of the attacks that have killed hundreds of people around the world. Baghdadi also called for attacks on Western media, saying:  Oh soldiers of Islam in every location, increase blow after  blow, and make the media centers of the infidels, from where they wage their intellectual wars, among the targets.   Continue your Jihad and your blessed operations and do not let the crusaders rest in their homes and enjoy life and stability while your brethren are being shelled and killed.  The fall of Mosul in July effectively marked the end of the Iraqi half of Baghdadi s  caliphate  even though Islamic State continues to fight in some territory outside of Mosul, the largest city they came to control in both Iraq and Syria. An IS branch in Libya was also defeated last year in the city of Sirte, where they had set up a North African beachhead in 2014. In Egypt s northern Sinai, another affiliated militant group is still fighting Egyptian military forces.  With God s will and his strength, we are staying determined, patient...The abundance of killing will not stop us,  Baghdadi said in the audio recording.  Officials have said they believed it could take years to capture or kill Baghdadi as he is thought to be hiding in a vast swathe of sparsely-populated desert between Mosul and Raqqa, where attacking drones are easy to spot. The United States has offered a $25 million bounty for information that would locate Baghdadi. Russia s defense ministry said earlier this year it might have killed Baghdadi in an air strike on a gathering of IS commanders on the outskirts of Raqqa. But U.S. officials said they could not corroborate the death and other Western as well as Iraqi officials were skeptical. ",1
18776,"Nigeria to hold presidential and parliamentary election on Feb. 16, 2019","ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria s next presidential and parliamentary elections will be held on Feb. 16, 2019, the Independent National Electoral Commission said on its official Twitter account on Thursday. The date will mark the end of ailing President Muhammadu Buhari s first term. He has not said if he will run again. Buhari came to power in 2015, promising to crack down on endemic corruption, rid the country of the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency in the northeast and kickstart a flagging economy. Critics say his presidency has been marred by inertia and little progress has been made on those key policies. Buhari has been absent for much of 2017 because of an undisclosed medical problem, which calls into question whether he will stand next year. It also creates uncertainty for his All Progressives Congress party that was created to elect him. A presidency spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Buhari s plans. ",1
18777,Senators urge Trump administration to act on Myanmar Rohingya,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A group of Republican and Democratic senators urged the Trump administration on Thursday to use the  full weight  of its influence to help resolve the Rohingya crisis in Myanmar and Bangladesh, in which over 480,000 people have fled their homes. A letter seen by Reuters and signed by four Republican and 17 Democratic members of the 100-seat Senate also calls on Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Agency for International Development Administrator Mark Green to provide more humanitarian aid.  Despite international condemnation, the Burmese authorities incredibly continue to deny the atrocities,  said the letter. It also notes that current U.S. law, including the Global Magnitsky Act, allows Trump to impose sanctions on people responsible for gross violations of human rights. ",1
18778,"U.S. willing, if asked, to facilitate talks between Kurds, Baghdad: State Department","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States would be willing to help facilitate conversations between Iraqi Kurds and Baghdad to try to ease tensions between the two sides after a Kurdish referendum vote, the U.S. State Department said on Thursday.  The United States, if asked, would be willing to help facilitate a conversation between the two,  State Department spokesman Heather Nauert told a briefing, underscoring that Washington would not engage unless asked. Nauert also said the United States was not in a position to confirm the authenticity of a newly released recording purported to be of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. ",1
18779,"Myanmar violence could spread, displace more Rohingya: U.N. chief","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned on Thursday that the violence against Myanamar s Rohingya Muslims in the northern part of Rakhine state could spread to central Rakhine, where 250,000 more people were at risk of displacement.  Guterres told the U.N. Security Council during its first public meeting on Myanmar in eight years, that the violence had spiraled into the  world s fastest developing refugee emergency, a humanitarian and human rights nightmare.   We have received bone-chilling accounts from those who fled - mainly women, children and the elderly,  he said.  These testimonials point to excessive violence and serious violations of human rights, including indiscriminate firing of weapons, the use of landmines against civilians and sexual violence.  More than 500,000 Rohingya Muslim have fled to Bangladesh in the past month since insurgents attacked security posts near the border, triggering fierce Myanmar military retaliation that the United Nations has branded ethnic cleansing. Sweden, the United States, Britain, France, Egypt, Senegal, and Kazakhstan requested Thursday s council meeting.  Guterres demanded immediate humanitarian aid access to areas affected by the violence and expressed concern  by the current climate of antagonism towards the United Nations  and aid groups.   The failure to address this systematic violence could result in a spill-over into central Rakhine, where an additional 250,000 Muslims could potentially face displacement,  Guterres said.   The crisis has generated multiple implications for neighboring States and the larger region, including the risk of inter-communal strife. We should not be surprised if decades of discrimination and double standards in treatment of the Rohingya create openings for radicalization,  he said. ",1
18780,U.S. says countries should suspend providing weapons to Myanmar,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley on Thursday called on countries to suspend providing weapons to Myanmar over violence against Rohingya Muslims until the country s military puts sufficient accountability measures in place.   We cannot be afraid to call the actions of the Burmese authorities what they appear to be - a brutal, sustained campaign to cleanse the country of an ethnic minority,  Haley told the U.N. Security Council.  It should shame senior Burmese leaders who have sacrificed so much for an open democratic Burma.   ",1
18781,"Fincantieri, Naval Group may exchange stakes in future military alliance","MILAN (Reuters) - Italy s Fincantieri and France s Naval Group may exchange between 5 and 10 percent of their share capital to cement a future naval alliance between Rome and Paris, a document published on the website of Italy s Treasury showed. France and Italy said on Wednesday they would study a possible tie-up between the two shipbuilders. They also agreed that Fincantieri would take effective control of French shipyard STX, ending a months-long dispute.  The opportunity and modalities of an exchange between the two companies of 5 percent to 10 percent of their respective share capital will be analyzed, and concrete actions aiming at developing synergies will be defined and presented to both governments,  the document detailing the agreement said.  This roadmap should include the creation of a balanced joint-venture in which common projects would progressively be developed, with a priority given to surface vessels  platforms, systems and equipment,  it said.  ",1
18782,"U.N. offers to help resolve Baghdad, Kurdistan region crisis: Iraq foreign ministry","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The United Nations has offered to help  solve the problem  between the Iraqi government and the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) over a Kurdish independence referendum held on Monday, the Iraqi foreign ministry said on Thursday. Jan Kubis, the top UN envoy in Iraq, made the offer at a meeting with Foreign Minister Ibrahim al-Jafari in Baghdad, the ministry said in a statement. Baghdad plans to impose punitive measures on the KRG in retaliation for holding the vote. It has given the KRG until Friday to hand over control of its international airports or face a ban on direct international flights to and from the Kurdish region. ",1
18783,Pakistan ministry seeks ban on new party backed by prominent Islamist,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan s interior ministry has called for the electoral commission to bar from politics a new party backed by an Islamist with a $10 million U.S. bounty on his head, a government document seen by Reuters showed on Thursday. In a letter dated Sept. 22, the ministry recommended that the Election Commission of Pakistan reject the newly formed Milli Muslim League s (MML) application to become an official party as it is  affiliated  with Lashkar-e-Tayyeba (LeT), a militant group blamed for the 2008 Mumbai attacks that killed 166 people.  The registration of MML is not supported,  the ministry said in the two-page document.  Spokesmen for the election commission and the interior ministry acknowledged the correspondence and confirmed that the letter was authentic. The United States has designated LeT founder Hafiz Saeed, who currently heads the Jamaat-ud-Dawa Islamic charity, a terrorist. It views him as the mastermind of the 2008 Mumbai attacks and has offered a $10 million reward for information leading to his imprisonment.  Saeed is currently under house arrest. Pakistan s reluctance to press charges against him has been a sore point in relations with Washington and India over the past decade.  The ministry said MML is  ideologically of the same hue  as LeT and its affiliated charities Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) and the Falah-e-Insanyat Foundation (FIF). Tabish Qayyum, a spokesman for the MML, said in a statement that the ministry s letter was unlawful.   MML isn t a bus or truck which needs registration,  he said, denying that MML had links with any banned militant group. The ministry s stance appears at odds with what political sources and a retired army general have said is a plan proposed by the military s Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) to  mainstream  some Pakistan-based anti-Indian militant groups as part of deradicalization efforts by bringing them into politics. The interior ministry s letter was written a week after MML caused a stir by winning 5 percent of votes in a parliamentary by-election in Lahore on Sept. 17. The document said foreign countries have raised diplomatic objections to MML s existence and the interior ministry has sought the opinions of intelligence agencies on the group. One of the agencies, the ministry said, has warned against letting proscribed and monitored organizations enter politics with a  view to gaining legitimacy. The interior ministry said the security agency has informed it that  given the clamor, philosophy, outreach and modus operandi to operate, it is difficult to believe that MML will tread its own path completely at variance with its mother organization.    Therefore, they have recommended that since the registration of such groups would breed violence and extremism in politics, as such registration of such groups be avoided.  In the Lahore by-election, Yaqoob Sheikh, who swears loyalty to Saeed, stood as an independent candidate but was backed by MML and had Saeed s colleagues running his campaign.  Saeed s portraits adorned posters promoting Sheikh, who the United States has also designated a terrorist and a senior LeT commander. ",1
18784,Merkel's conservatives warned not to close off coalition options,"MUNICH, Germany (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative alliance should avoid making big policy commitments before they start coalition negotiations, potential junior government partners said on Thursday. Germany is set for months of uncertainty after Merkel s CDU/CSU alliance won a fourth term in Sunday s election but bled support to the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD). The Christian Social Union (CSU), Merkel s party s Bavarian ally, has signaled it wants a rightward shift, to focus on security and setting a limit on immigration numbers to dampen the appeal of the AfD, a policy firmly opposed by the Greens. This could complicate Merkel s hopes of building a three-way coalition between the conservatives, the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the pro-immigration, environmentalist Greens.  Nobody should set out maximal demands that could already be seen as ruling it (such a coalition) out,  Greens leader Cem Ozdemir told the Funke newspaper group. Merkel s Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and will meet with the CSU on Oct. 8 to seek a common position ahead of negotiations with the other parties. The FDP also warned against making commitments that would undermine coalition prospects.   Even if there s no guarantee of success, it would be wrong to pull down the shutters this early,  party general secretary Nicola Beer told the RND newspaper alliance. Little movement on a coalition is expected before an Oct. 15 vote in the western state of Lower Saxony, currently ruled by the Social Democrats (SPD) - who have said they will go into opposition at the national level - and the Greens. Leading economic institutes said on Thursday that the next government can count on record budget surpluses over the next two years due to a solid upswing, potentially facilitating Merkel s task of building a coalition.  ",1
18785,Foreign powers could try to influence German coalition talks: spy chief,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s elections escaped the major foreign meddling that disrupted votes in the United States and France, but there is a risk powers could try to influence coalition talks, a top official with the domestic intelligence agency said on Thursday. Burkhard Even, head of counter-intelligence at the BfV agency, said Russian-backed media had spread low-level propaganda which did not have a significant impact on voters, but there was no sign of anything worse.   The German parliamentary election ... was spared major attacks, but I must point out that even after an election such attempts are possible, for instance in trying to discredit (officials) or in trying to affect the forging of a new government,  he told a conference in Berlin. Russia has denied meddling in other countries  votes. German Chancellor Angela Merkel won Sunday s vote, but her conservatives lost ground, leaving her facing protracted talks to form a coalition government. The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, which has called for stronger ties with Russia and the lifting of sanctions on Moscow, won nearly 13 percent of the vote and moved into parliament for the first time. Russian-backed media such as Sputnik or RT published a large amount of propaganda before the vote, Even said.  I don t think it affected the election as a whole ... or that the election outcome was affected by several percentage points,  he said.  But there was an attempt and the risks are enormous. And the risk is rising not diminishing.  He did not go into details on the coverage. But Stefan Meister from the German Council on Foreign Relations this week said many Russian social media posters had abruptly stopped posting messages supporting the far-left Left party and switched to the AfD.  Another researcher with the council, Sarah Pagung, also cited hundreds of tweets under the hashtag  Wahlbetrug  or voter fraud that popped up the day of the election and raised questions about the vote s legitimacy.  Andreas Koenen, head of the cyber security directorate at the German Interior Ministry, told Reuters at the conference that German officials were closely tracking any attempts to influence the coalition talks.  Things happen all the time. We re paying very close attention,  he said. Separately, security officials said they were looking at one fake Tweet posted under the name of Michael Link, former director of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), who was just elected to parliament. The fake posting said 3.15 million new German citizens (a common euphemism for immigrants) had voted for Merkel s conservatives, citing what it called a report by OSCE election observers that it said had been leaked by Link.     Facebook on Wednesday said it had taken down tens of thousands of fake profiles in the final month before Germany s election to ensure that social media network was not used as a platform to manipulate public opinion. [nL8N1M863G] ",1
18786,Loss of focus in fighting Islamic State after Kurdish referendum: coalition spokesman,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Kurdish referendum for independence has decreased focus on fighting Islamic State militants in Iraq, a spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition fighting the militant group said.  The focus which used to be like a laser beam on ISIS is now not 100 percent there, so there has been an effect on the overall mission to defeat ISIS in Iraq as a result of the referendum,  said coalition spokesman Colonel Ryan Dillon, using an acronym for Islamic State. Dillon added that there had been no impact on current military operations out of Erbil s airport. ",1
18787,"Exclusive: From cyber unit to troops, South Korea adds extra layer of Olympics security amid tensions","SEOUL (Reuters) - Rattled by rising tensions with North Korea, South Korea is taking extra measures to try to ensure the safety of the 2018 Winter Games, including setting up a crack cyber defense team and doubling the number of troops, according to officials and documents reviewed by Reuters. The Games take place next February in the mountainous resort town of Pyeongchang, just 80 km (50 miles) from the heavily fortified border with North Korea. They come after a series of missile and nuclear tests show the North making rapid advances in its weapons program and as inflammatory rhetoric between Pyongyang and Washington stirs up concerns about another conflict on the Korean peninsula. South Korea s Defense Ministry will deploy some 5,000 armed forces personnel at the Games, double the 2,400 on duty during the 2002 World Cup, which South Korea co-hosted with Japan, according to government officials and documents reviewed by Reuters. Pyeongchang s organizing committee for the 2018 Games (POCOG) is also selecting a private cyber security company to guard against a hacking attack from the North, tender documents show. The committee is seeking to fast-track the selection as tensions rise in the wake of South Korea s controversial deployment of the U.S. THAAD anti-missile system, and as North Korean leader Kim Jong Un tests weapons at an unprecedented rate.  Cyber threats have increased due to external factors such as the THAAD deployment and recent North Korean missile launches,  the committee said in the document. The committee will make all-out efforts to ensure the Pyeongchang Olympics are the safest ever, it said.   We strongly believe we can host the Olympics successfully as we have invested a lot and prepared well for cyber security,  it said in a statement in response to queries from Reuters.      South Korea has blamed the North for a series of hacking attempts in the last few years, including a 2013 cyber attack against South Korean banks and broadcasters that froze computer systems for more than a week. Pyongyang denied any responsibility.    While South Korea faces unique challenges with its hostile and nuclear-armed neighbor, the level of threats and security to counter them have escalated globally since South Korea last hosted a major international sporting event.  The POCOG is hiring a private security contractor, stipulating the firm should be capable of running around 500 personnel to operate X-ray screening each day during the event, a separate document seen by Reuters shows.  It has earmarked 20 billion won ($17.6 million) for the screening security measures and another 1.3 billion won for the cyber security protection, according to the documents.     An official from the National Intelligence Service, South Korea s spy agency, is in charge of security operations, working with the government s anti-terrorism center, the organizing committee s spokeswoman told Reuters. South Korea has also created a new Special Weapons and Tactics team to guard against terrorism around the Games, Asia s first Winter Olympics outside Japan.   We will search Olympic venues to check for bombs, protect athletes and visitors, and guard against any attempts to assassinate key figures,  Jin Jeong-hyeon, a police inspector from the SWAT team, told Reuters.  In late August, the POCOG held a two-day briefing with major Olympic sponsors including McDonald s Corp (MCD.N) and Coca-Cola Co (KO.N) to talk about the measures being put in place, according to a government statement. It gave them a look at emergency evacuation facilities during the briefing, though further details were not disclosed.  While some observers view Pyongyang s threats as bluster, others point to instances of North Korean aggression during the 2002 World Cup and ahead of the 1988 Seoul Olympics as reasons to be concerned. In June 2002, as South Korea prepared to play Turkey in the playoff for third place at the World Cup, North Korean patrol boats crossed the disputed maritime border and exchanged fire with South Korean vessels, killing six South Korean sailors. In November 1987, just nine months before South Korea was set to host the Summer Games in Seoul, North Korean agents detonated a bomb on Korean Air Flight 858, killing all 104 passengers and 11 crew. One of the agents later told investigators the order had come from North Korean leader Kim Jong Il and one of the aims had been to frighten international athletes and visitors from attending the Seoul Olympics. Other Olympics have also been affected by violence, most notably the killing of 11 Israeli athletes by Palestinian militants at the 1972 Munich Games. Mexican police and military killed hundreds of civilians during a protest just days before the Mexico City Olympics in 1968.  South Korea s sports minister Do Jong-whan said this week Seoul was  very concerned about aggressive remarks  traded between Pyongyang and Washington but did not believe Kim would risk a war against countries participating at the Olympics.  The International Olympics Committee is encouraging the participation of North Koreans as athletes, judges or  wild cards  to help ensure the safety of the Olympics, Do added. Chang Ung, North Korea s IOC member, said earlier this month that the Pyeongchang Olympics will not be affected by the escalating crisis on the peninsula and North Korea will hopefully be able to send athletes. Figure skating, short track speed skating and Nordic skiing could potentially feature North Korean athletes, he said.   Despite the heightened security measures, there isn t a lot South Korea can do to reassure participants, said Lee Soo-hyuck, a former foreign affairs presidential secretary.  This issue is more about whether North Korea would decide to carry out hostile actions or not.  ",1
18788,"Iran may drop nuclear deal if U.S. withdraws, foreign minister tells al Jazeera","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran may abandon the nuclear deal it reached with six major powers if the United States decides to withdraw from it, Iranian  foreign minister told Qatar s al Jazeera TV in New York. U.S. President Donald Trump has called the 2015 deal an  embarrassment . The deal is supported by the other major powers that negotiated it with Iran and its collapse could trigger a regional arms race and worsen tensions in the Middle East.  If Washington decides to pull out of the deal, Iran has the option of withdrawal and other options,  al Jazeera TV wrote on its Twitter feed, quoting Mohammad Javad Zarif.   Washington will be in a better position if it remains committed to the deal,  the network quoted Zarif as saying. Al Jazeera deleted an earlier tweet citing Zarif as saying that if Washington withdrew from the deal Iran would do so too, rather than just having the option to do so, after an Iranian official said Zarif had been misquoted. Trump is considering whether the accord serves U.S. security interests. He faces a mid-October deadline for certifying that Iran is complying with the pact. A State Department official said Washington would not comment on every statement by an Iranian official.  We are fully committed to addressing the totality of Iranian threats and malign activities,  the official said. Iranian authorities had repeatedly said Tehran would not be the first to violate the agreement, under which Tehran agreed to restrict its nuclear program in return for lifting most international sanctions that had crippled its economy. The prospect that Washington could renege on the deal has worried some of the U.S. allies that helped negotiate it. French President Emmanuel Macron said last week that there was no alternative to the nuclear accord. If Trump, who has called the accord  the worst deal ever negotiated , does not recertify it by Oct. 16, Congress has 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions suspended under the accord. ",1
18789,U.S. envoy slams Russia for bid to shield Iran from IAEA inspections,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley on Thursday slammed a bid by Russia to shield Iran from inspections by the United Nations nuclear watchdog relating to a specific section of a landmark 2015 deal restricting Tehran s nuclear activities. Iran agreed to the nuclear deal with six major powers in exchange for the lifting of sanctions. Compliance with the nuclear restrictions is being verified by the Vienna-based International Atomic Energy Agency. Haley has infuriated Iran by saying the IAEA should widen inspections to include military sites, but diplomats say Russia has been trying to restrict the agency s role by arguing it has no authority to police a broadly worded section of the deal.   If the Iran nuclear deal is to have any meaning, the parties must have a common understanding of its terms,  Haley said in a statement.  It appears that some countries are attempting to shield Iran from even more inspections. Without inspections, the Iran deal is an empty promise.  Haley issued the statement in response to IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano telling Reuters that major powers needed to clarify the disputed section of the deal, which relates to technology that could be used to develop an atom bomb.[nL8N1M74EJ] That section bans  activities which could contribute to the development of a nuclear explosive device.  It lists examples such as using computer models that simulate a nuclear bomb, or designing multi-point, explosive detonation systems. Unlike many other parts of the deal, the provision, known as Section T, makes no mention of the IAEA or specifics of how it will be verified. Russia says that means the IAEA has no authority over it. Western powers and the agency disagree. U.S. President Donald Trump has called the Iran nuclear deal - reached by predecessor Barack Obama -  an embarrassment to the United States.   Trump has hinted that he may not recertify the agreement when it comes up for review by a mid-October deadline, in which case the U.S. Congress would have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the accord, known officially as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). ",1
18790,EU's Verhofstadtsays assumes a Brexit deal can be done with Britain,"LONDON (Reuters) - The lead Brexit negotiator for the European Parliament, Guy Verhofstadt, said on Thursday that a Brexit withdrawal agreement could be reached with Britain.  That s the assumption that I have and it is towards that that we work,  Verhofstadt said after a speech to students at the London School of Economics.  And that a withdrawal agreement be done in March 2019 means that there has to be an agreement in fact in October or November because then the agreement will go to the European Parliament and we need four or five months,  he said.  ",1
18791,"Syrian Observatory says IS cut Deir al-Zor road, military source denies","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said an Islamic State attack on Thursday cut off the main road between Deir al-Zor city and Palmyra, but a Syrian military source denied this. The Observatory, a Britain-based war monitor, said Islamic State seized the town of al-Shoula on the road, as Syrian troops and their allies battled around it with heavy air cover.  But the Syrian military source said the army thwarted the attack and denied that Islamic State fighters had taken the town and cut off the route. The militants tried to mount an attack from territory they control southeast of Deir al-Zor city, near the border with Iraq, the source added.   They received a blow and did not succeed,  the source said. The road, which the army and its allies seized in recent weeks, serves as a major supply route from government territory into the eastern city.  With Russian air power and Iran-backed militias, the Syrian army reached Deir al-Zor city last month, breaking an Islamic State siege of an enclave there that had lasted three years.  The towns along the Euphrates river, downstream of the city, have fast become the last major IS footholds in Syria and a focus of the multi-sided war. Islamic State militants have been on the back foot in both Iraq and Syria, where they have lost vast territory to different enemies this year. With U.S.-led jets and special forces, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias is also battling Islamic State on the river s eastern bank. The separate offensives have both advanced as they race to capture swathes of Deir al-Zor province.     IS media unit Amaq said on Thursday that the militants took al-Shoula and a nearby village as they waged an attack that included suicide bombers, capturing two Russian forces.  The Russian defense ministry denied any military personnel were taken hostage, RIA news agency said citing a Russian military official at the Hmeimim air base in Syria.   There were no incidents with capturing or losing Russian servicemen in Deir Al-Zor province and other Syrian provinces,  the official said. Islamic State leader Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi exhorted his followers on Thursday to stand fast and keep fighting, in his first purported audio communication in almost a year. ",1
18792,Czech president's spokesman likens EU to Third Reich in outburst over spirit ingredient,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - The Czech president s spokesman likened the European Union to the Third Reich of Adolf Hitler on Thursday while criticizing the bloc s executive over a regulation on food safety. Jiri Ovcacek made the comment while citing the case of an ingredient in a Czech potato-based alcohol locally known as  rum  that cannot be labeled that way due to an EU ban which says the term must be reserved for cane-based spirits. The EU s food watchdog, the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), has ruled that the ingredient, called rum-ether, should be discontinued and replaced gradually from April 2018 on the grounds that it contains a material that can damage body cells. Ovcacek shared an article from a Czech news website on his Facebook page on the issue, adding the comment:  The Empire has decided that there will be no  tuzemak  (Czech rum) to drink in the protectorate.   Empire  in the Czech context is often understood to refer to Hitler s Third Reich, while the  protectorate  is what the country was called by the Nazi regime during World War Two. When asked about the comment, Ovcacek said his words were warranted because such actions by some in the EU damaged its reputation.  It points to the absolute insensibility of the European Commission,  Ovcacek said. Ovcacek s comments have led to controversy before, such as his outbursts against Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka and some of his ministers, and even against the Czech media. Czech President Milos Zeman has portrayed himself as a Europhile and fan of a federal EU. But he has also expressed pro-Russian and anti-immigration views and built up relations with China, in contrast to the pro-Western and human rights-based style of Czech foreign policy established by the late President Vaclav Havel. ",1
18793,"Feeling left out, under threat, east Germans rebel with far-right vote","DIPPOLDISWALDE, Germany (Reuters) - Like a third of his neighbors in the east German town of Dippoldiswalde, Rene Rothe voted for the far right in last Sunday s election. The biggest concern for the 57-year-old milk farmer was migrants - especially if they drain government funds.  There s loads of refugees here in the town and I m wondering what will happen to my pension,  he said as he emerged from one of the renovated pastel-colored shops that line Dippoldiswalde s clean cobbled streets. The town of 14,500 people has taken in 132 asylum seekers, according to the town s official website.  I have to pay for what the refugees need, and then when their families follow I ll have to pay again won t I?  he said. Campaigning on a platform to  take your country back , the Alternative for Germany (AfD) won 12.6 percent of the national vote, propelling it into parliament as the third largest party and making it the first far-right group to win seats in the lower house since the 1950s. In the state of Saxony, where Dippoldiswalde lies, the AfD was the overall winner, beating even Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU), who won at the national level.  While the former Communist east has taken in far fewer than the west of the more than a million migrants that have arrived in Germany in the past several years, the AfD won around one fifth of votes there compared to around one in ten in the west. The AfD spokesman in Dippoldiswalde, Rolf Suessmann, said voters turned to his party because they were angry about the government s liberal migrant policy and some felt left behind. Problems in the town ranged from a patchy mobile network and small firms facing problems with digitalization to low pay, with some people earning less than 10 euros an hour, he said.  Here especially most people don t agree with the idea of a multicultural society,  Suessmann, a bailiff, told Reuters. Cultural differences between east and west, reunited less than 30 years ago, persist.  In the west a multicultural society of immigration is seen as a cultural achievement whereas in the east it s seen as a threat,  said Werner Patzelt, political scientist at Dresden s Technical University. Protest groups find more fertile ground in east Germany where party preferences are not set in stone and people tend to trust institutions less than in the west, he added.  The concern over pensions was an example of that. Germany s population is aging fast and people worry that there will not be enough young workers to fill the pension pots when they hit retirement age. Some are concerned that because many migrants are claiming benefits, it will detract from their own welfare. Germany s finance minister has insisted that the migrant issue had not left anyone in Germany with even a euro less for their family or children. The AfD has said it has not finalised its position on pensions. Many rural areas in eastern Germany suffered a  brain drain  after reunification as young, educated people moved to the west, said Thomas Krueger, head of the German government s bpb agency for civic education.  While some eastern industrial zones and university towns have flourished since - Saxony itself has become known as  Silicon Saxony  due to its success as a high-tech hub - many people in rural areas, some of whom have to travel 40 km (25 miles) to get to a local authority, feel forgotten, he said.  In many regions there was emigration, no businesses settled, there were no prospects for jobs and on top of that there was new competition for jobs even in small and medium-sized businesses, with workers from central and eastern Europe suddenly there,  Krueger said. Polling institute infratest dimap said its exit polls on election day showed that while almost three-quarters of AfD voters thought their personal economic situation was good, some 42 percent felt disadvantaged compared to others. Those who voted for the party were concerned about losing their German culture, refugees changing the country and Islam getting too much influence, the survey of thousands of voters showed. Almost two-thirds voted for the AfD in protest, it said. The party fared better among men than women and most of its voters were of working age. Around one fifth were unemployed while another fifth were laborers. White-collar workers and self-employed people also make up a sizeable part of their voters. Manfred Guellner, head of Forsa polling institute, said some of the AfD s voters in the east saw themselves as the losers in reunification.  They feel left behind and they re looking for a scapegoat and now they ve found one in the refugees, who they think are getting all the money that they lack,  he said. The jobless rate in Dippoldiswalde is only four percent, labor office data showed.  But Gisela, 66, lost her job at a restaurant shortly after reunification and was unemployed for 26 years before reaching pension age.   The foreigners are given everything and when we want something the answer is no,  she said, sitting on a bench overlooking the spot where the restaurant once stood. She said she could not remember who she voted for and asked that her surname not be used.  The foreigners need to go back home quickly and the young people need to get work,  she said.  ",1
18794,Lebanon sentences Islamist cleric to death for attacks on army,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A hardline Sunni Muslim cleric was sentenced to death in Lebanon on Thursday for inciting attacks on the army, as his supporters protested outside the court. Sheikh Ahmad al-Assir, who refused to recognize the hearing, was convicted for his part in clashes that erupted amid heightened sectarian tensions in 2013, exacerbated by the war in neighboring Syria. Assir rose to prominence supporting the mostly Sunni insurgents in Syria and condemning the backers of the Syrian government, including Lebanon s Shi ite Muslim Hezbollah group. Lebanese soldiers raided a mosque complex belonging to Assir in June 2013, after skirmishes between his supporters and opponents in the southern Mediterranean port city of Sidon. The army said at least 18 soldiers died in fighting with Assir's supporters, which raised fears at the time of sectarian violence spreading in Lebanon. (reut.rs/2xBmdx6) Assir went into hiding and was arrested two years later at Beirut airport, trying to get out with a false passport. He rejected his court-appointed lawyer during the trial, which has been delayed several times. Dozens of his supporters protested outside the court in Beirut and in Sidon on Thursday. The court also convicted more than 30 others, some in absentia, for their part in the violence, imposing sentences ranging from six months in prison to death. Lebanese singer-turned-militant Fadel Shaker was sentenced in absentia to 15 years. Lebanon has not carried out an execution for at least 10 years. ",1
18795,Macron's ideas can bolster Franco-German axis: Merkel,"TALLINN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel praised the ideas of French President Emmanuel Macron for reform of the European Union on Thursday and said they could form the basis for intensive Franco-German cooperation. Macron offered a sweeping vision for Europe s future in a speech on Tuesday, calling for the EU to cooperate more closely on defense, immigration, tax and social policy, and for the single currency bloc to have its own budget.  As far as the proposals were concerned, there was a high level of agreement between German and France. We must still discuss the details, but I am of the firm conviction that Europe can t just stay still but must continue to develop,  Merkel told reporters before a meeting with Macron in the Estonian capital Tallinn. Merkel, who was speaking before a gathering of all EU leaders for a summit on Europe s digital economy, said that Europe had an interest in fighting protectionism and was looking to sign free trade agreements with other countries. She also said that Macron had made clear that Germany and France wanted to work closely on harmonizing corporate tax and insolvency law.  I think that s very positive. I see a good basis in the speech of the French president for France and Germany to cooperate intensively in future,  she said.     ",1
18796,Congo naval boats battle rebels on Lake Tanganyika,"BUKAVU, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - Naval boats fended off attacks by rebels on Lake Tanganyika in the east of Democratic Republic of Congo on Thursday as heavy fighting spread close to the lakeside city of Uvira, sources in the area said.     Fighting between the Mai-Mai Yakutumba militia and Congo government forces broke out at the weekend on the outskirts of Uvira, close to the Burundi border. Unrest has mounted across Congo since President Joseph Kabila refused to step down when his mandate expired last December.   Since 5 a.m. (0300 GMT) there has been an exchange of gunfire between the army and the Mai-Mai in Uvira,  said Lubungula Dem s M Sato, a member of a peacebuilding advocacy group in Uvira, the second largest city in South Kivu province.  Congo s navy also repelled an attack by five rebel boats on the lake, military spokesman Louis-Claude Tshimwanga said, adding that the navy had sunk one of them and that government forces remained in control of Uvira.  Lake Tanganyika is hundreds of kilometers (miles) long and also borders Burundi, Tanzania and Zambia. Mai-Mai Yakutumba, formed in 2007 by local militiamen opposed to integration in Congo s national army, has well-established gold smuggling networks on the lake. In an audio statement this week that was shared on social media, its leader William Yakutumba said his forces were rebelling against Kabila s mismanagement of the country s natural resources and failure to quit power last year. Militiamen believed to be aligned with Yakutumba in a coalition opposed to the Kinshasa government also clashed on Thursday with army troops in Kasongo in neighboring Maniema province, said Modeste Shabani, the director of a local radio station.  Meanwhile, the Congolese army s chief of staff, Didier Etumba, arrived in South Kivu s capital of Bukavu in the afternoon en route for Uvira, a Reuters witness said. Congo s mineral-rich eastern borderlands are a tinderbox of ethnic tensions and for more than two decades have been racked by violence that has often spilled across the country s borders. The region is the world s biggest source of coltan, used in mobile phones and other electronic products. Operations at Banro Corp s Namoya gold mine near the border between Maniema and South Kivu remained suspended for a fourth day on Thursday due to nearby militia activity, Banro vice president Desire Sangare told Reuters. The company s mines in the two provinces have been hit by a series of attacks and kidnappings in recent months. Congo s U.N. peacekeeping mission, MONUSCO, said it had deployed troops around Uvira to protect civilians although the recent elimination of a 100-person riverine unit as part of sweeping budget cuts across U.N. missions limited its options.   I urge the armed groups to immediately cease this hostility including all forms of violence against constituted authority and innocent civilians,  MONUSCO head Maman Sidikou said in a statement.  ",1
18797,Turkey stops training Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga after independence vote,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey said on Thursday it had stopped training peshmerga forces in northern Iraq in response to a Kurdish independence vote there, whose backers had thrown themselves  into the fire . The Kurdish peshmerga have been at the forefront of the campaign against Islamic State and been trained by NATO-member Turkey s military since late 2014. Northern Iraq s main link to the outside world, Turkey views Monday s vote - which final results on Wednesday showed overwhelming in favour of independence from Baghdad - as a clear security threat.  Fearing it will inflame separatism among its own Kurds, Ankara had already threatened military and economic measures in retaliation. Government spokesman Bekir Bozdag reiterated on Thursday any such actions would be coordinated with the Iraqi central government. Bozdag, also a deputy prime minister, told broadcaster TGRT in an interview that more steps would follow the peshmerga decision and that the prime ministers of Turkey and Iraq would meet soon. Turkey, which is home to the region s largest Kurdish population, is battling a three-decade Kurdish insurgency in its southeast, which borders northern Iraq. President Tayyip Erdogan said it was inevitable that the referendum  adventure  in northern Iraq, carried out despite Turkey s warnings, would end in disappointment.  With its independence initiative, the northern Iraq regional government has thrown itself into the fire,  he said in a speech to police officers at his palace in Ankara. Earlier this week, Erdogan said Iraqi Kurds would go hungry if his country halted the flow of trucks and oil across the border, near where Turkish and Iraqi soldiers have been carrying out military exercises this week. Hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil a day flow through a pipeline in Turkey from northern Iraq, connecting the region to global oil markets. Erdogan has repeatedly threatened economic sanctions, but has given few details. Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said Turkey would not shy away from giving the harshest response to a national security threat on its border, but that this was not its first choice. Speaking in the central Turkish province of Corum, Yildirim said Turkey, Iran and Iraq were doing their best to overcome the crisis caused by the referendum with the minimum damage. Iraq, including the Kurdish region, was Turkey s third-largest export market in 2016, according to IMF data. Turkish exports to the country totalled $8.6 billion, behind Germany and Britain. ",1
18798,"Saudi women to be allowed to drive from age 18, same as men","RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi women will be allowed to drive from the age of 18, a government spokesman said on Thursday, partially allaying speculation they could still face tighter controls than men when finally allowed behind the wheel. In a royal decree issued on Tuesday, King Salman ordered an end by next year of the ban on women drivers, a conservative tradition that has limited women s mobility and been seen by rights activists as an emblem of their suppression. Saudi Arabia is the only country in the world that bans women from driving.  The decree stipulated that the move must  apply and adhere to the necessary sharia standards , referring to Islamic law, but did not elaborate, sparking speculation that restrictions might include a higher minimum age or limited hours of the day. The king ordered a ministerial committee to report within 30 days on how to implement the new policy by June 24, 2018. Asked on al-Arabiya TV about the minimum age for Saudi women, Interior Ministry spokesman Mansour al-Turki said:  Eighteen years is the age at which a person can obtain a driver s license and drive a car in the kingdom.  United Nations human rights experts praised the ban s removal as a major step towards women s autonomy and independence, but urged the kingdom to do more to ensure gender equality.  We now encourage the government to repeal all remaining discriminatory laws,  two experts who report to the U.N. Human Rights Council said in a joint statement.  If it is serious about the importance of women s rights for economic reform, addressing remaining barriers to the human rights of women should be the next step in its ambitious reforms,  said the UN investigator on extreme poverty Philip Alston and Kamala Chandrakirana, chair of the U.N. working group on discrimination against women. The interior minister said separately that lifting the ban would reduce the number of car crashes in Saudi Arabia, which has one of the world s worst traffic death rates. Prince Abdulaziz bin Saud bin Nayef, who took over from his uncle in June, said security forces were ready to apply traffic laws to men and women, though he did not mention if women would be recruited as traffic police.  Women driving cars will transform traffic safety to educational practice which will reduce human and economic losses caused by accidents,  he was quoted as saying on the ministry s Twitter feed. He did not elaborate. Around 20 Saudis die each day in traffic accidents - in a population of 30 million. The government aims to reduce that by a quarter as part of its Vision 2030 reform program. While Saudi women have generally welcomed the lifting of the driving ban, some men expressed concern it would increase the number of cars on already crowded Saudi roads. A typical middle- to upper-class Saudi family has two vehicles, one driven by the man of the house and a second car in which a full-time chauffeur transports his wife and children. The royal decree promises to change lifestyles for many of the more than 10 million adult women, including foreigners, who live in Saudi Arabia and may help restore auto sales growth in a market dented by the economic fallout from weak oil prices. But because of conservative traditions, it may actually take years rather than months for women to become a major presence on the roads in some areas. ",1
18799,"Boat with 130 Rohingya refugee capsizes off Myanmar, IOM says","GENEVA (Reuters) - A boat carrying 130 Rohingya refugees fleeing violence in Myanmar has capsized off the Bay of Bengal, the International Organization for Migration said on Thursday. IOM s Bangladesh office tweeted that 13 bodies had been recovered, including 8 children. ",1
18800,Colombia's defense minister says drug policy must be long-term,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia must maintain eradication and substitution of coca crops as a long-term policy across the Andean nation s isolated jungle and mountain zones to permanently defeat drug trafficking and consolidate peace, the defense minister told Reuters. A new government, which will be elected next year, must keep up the policy if the nation hopes to stamp out the illegal drugs industry, which has funded Colombia s half century war that has killed more than 220,000 and displaced millions.  There can be no interruption to this policy because there s a new government, not in 2018, nor in 2022 or 2026,  Defense Minister Luis Carlos Villegas, 60, said in an interview.   It has to be a process of at least a generation so that it bears fruit and that there s true peace.     Since signing a peace accord last year with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), the government has focused efforts on clearing coca from areas once controlled by the rebels.  Coca, the raw material that makes cocaine, is cultivated in about 188,000 hectares across Colombia by subsistence farmers who have few other opportunities to feed their families.  Criminal gangs, right-wing paramilitaries and Marxist rebels form the purchasing chain that has helped make Colombia one of the biggest producers of cocaine.  Cocaine seizures reached 300 tons so far this year and may exceed the record 362 tons seized last year, said the minister, who formed part of the government s peace negotiating team with the FARC. As part of the policy, the government plans to invest in development programs - building schools, health centers and roads - to allow poor farmers to improve their social conditions and sell legal crops like cacao, fruits, coffee and palm oil. Colombia s vast rural expanse lacks roadways, so Villegas said infrastructure that brings communities closer to market are vital for eradication to work.  It s not enough to plant cacao to replace coca ... thousands of miles of tertiary roads are needed,  he said. Colombia wants to manually eradicate 100,000 hectares of coca this year, with farmers voluntarily destroying half of it. The United States has raised concerns about the increase in coca production and cultivation, which has reached levels seen a decade ago, arguing that the increase is a result of Colombia s ban on aerial fumigation. Despite pressure to resume spraying, using glyphosate, a chemical linked to cancer, Villegas ruled out the possibility.  It s off the radar,  he said. ",1
18801,French court jails woman who sent money to son killed in Syria,"PARIS (Reuters) - A French court on Thursday found a mother-of-three guilty of financing terrorism after she sent money abroad to her radicalised son who later traveled to fight in Syria, sentencing her to two years in jail.  In a case which could set precedent in France, Nathalie Haddadi, 42, a non-practicing Muslim living in eastern France, said at no point had she known her son, Belabbas Bounaga, would use the money to fight alongside Islamist militants.  But the judge said she was lying.   Without your substantial help he would not have been able to reach Syria so easily and fight with Islamic State,  the judge told Haddadi.  You financed a terrorist organization.  Haddadi s son is said to have been radicalised inside prison in 2014-2015, following convictions for drug dealing and other offences. After his release he left France to live with his father in Algeria, where he remained for six months before heading to Malaysia. While he was in those two countries Haddadi sent Bounaga several thousand euros, including several transfers in April 2016 after he received treatment in a Malaysian hospital. Shortly afterwards he arrived in Syria. In handing down her ruling, the judge did not order Haddadi s immediate incarceration and she may avoid spending the whole period in prison.  What was I supposed to do? Ignore him because he did stupid things when he was younger,  Haddadi said outside the courthouse, referring to the transfers she said were for his medical care.  In August 2016, Haddadi says she received a call from Syria informing her that Bounaga had died  a martyr  at the age of 21. The two-year jail term was longer than the 18 months demanded by the prosecutor. The court also found Bounaga s younger brother and his best friend guilty of the same charge. In an interview with the Le Parisien newspaper earlier this month, Haddadi said she had feared her radicalised son might try to reach Syria when he came out of prison in 2015. She blamed the authorities for failing to help her  save him  at the time.  I strongly condemn terrorism,  said Haddadi after her conviction. Haddadi s lawyer said she had filed an appeal. France s interior ministry said last month that 18,500 French citizens had been flagged as radicalised, a 60 percent increase on two years ago. As many as 700 were thought to be fighting in Iraq and Syria in mid-2016. Haddadi s lawyer said other parents of radicalised children risked receiving the same treatment from France s courts.  This fight no longer belongs to Mrs Haddadi alone but to all parents of sons radicalised in prison and who are threatened with prosecution by prosecutors who consider them responsible for their children s situation,  Haddadi s lawyer, Herve Denis, told Reuters. ",1
18802,Tunisia foils the departure of 555 migrants to Europe in September,"TUNIS (Reuters) - The Tunisian navy has arrested more than 550 Tunisian and African migrants trying to sail to Europe in September, nearly three times more than last month, official data showed. Human traffickers increasingly use Tunisia as a launch pad for migrants heading for Europe as Libya s coast guard, aided by armed groups, has tightened controls. Tunisia s navy stopped boats with migrants departing from beaches in the south and north of the country, arresting 555 people in September, the data showed. In August only 170 people had been caught trying to depart from Tunisia by boat.  We succeeded in foiling many attempts, which have increased significantly as the weather improves and smugglers are promoting that journeys coming out of Tunisia are more safe than other destinations,  Colonel Major Khelifa Chibani of Tunisia s national guard told Reuters. He said pregnant women and children had been among the migrants caught while trying to depart by boat. ",1
18803,Senegal rebels issue warning over Astron's mineral sands mine,"DAKAR (Reuters) - A dormant Senegalese rebel movement has called for the abandonment of a planned mineral sands project operated by Australia-listed Astron, saying it amounts to  a declaration of war . A spokesman for the Movement of Democratic Forces for Casamance (MFDC) on Thursday said that it had not been consulted about the project and considers any exploitation of natural resources in the southern region as theft because taxes on proceeds would go to the northern government of Dakar. The opposition to the Niafarang mine comes as the stable West African fish and peanut exporter seeks to boost revenue from natural resources such as mineral sands containing zircon and ilmenite used in construction as well as recently discovered oil and gas.  Both the political and armed wings of the MFDC are strongly opposed to this project and consider it a declaration of war,  said MFDC spokesman Oumar Ampoi Bodian by telephone from Ziguinchor in Casamance. The comments echoed a statement by MFDC military commander Salif Sadio in July. Sadio had said that the mineral sands project was a violation of the terms of the ceasefire deal with the rebels in 2014.  Astron did not respond to emailed requests for comment. It said in June, when the contract was awarded, that work was due to begin in the fourth quarter of 2017. [nFWN1JC0OG] A government spokesman could not be reached for comment. Unlike many of its West African neighbors, Senegal has never had a civil war or a coup and is seen by Western aid partners and investors as a bastion of stability in a fragile region. But Casamance s isolation from the relatively rich Muslim north from which it is divided by Gambia and its eponymous river remains a source of resentment for locals. One of Africa s oldest rebellions was losing steam even before the ceasefire deal and some diplomats dismiss them as a divided group of rag-tag fighters. Yet the rebels still hold garrisons concealed within the southern region s lush forests, which witnesses say are piled high with weapons. Civil society groups have also criticized the mine planned along a picturesque strip of coastline, citing environmental factors. Astron previously said it had studied the environmental impact and engaged with the local community.  They (the MFDC) are united on this and are saying it publicly, so I am afraid that this long period of calm could end,  said Ousmane Sane, a resident and hotelier in Niafarang. A source familiar with the peace talks said that the matter would be raised with the government in the next round of negotiations aimed at settling the question of the region s official status. ",1
18804,Russian hacker wanted by U.S. tells court he worked for Putin's party,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian hacker arrested in Spain on a U.S. warrant said on Thursday he previously worked for President Vladimir Putin s United Russia party and feared he would be tortured and killed if extradited, RIA news agency reported. Peter Levashov was arrested while on holiday in Barcelona in April. U.S. prosecutors later charged him with hacking offences, accusing him of operating a network of tens of thousands of infected computers used by cyber criminals. Levashov s comments offered a rare glimpse into the relationship between cyber criminals and the Russian state. U.S. officials say Russian authorities routinely shield hackers from prosecution abroad before recruiting them for espionage work. Russian hackers have been under intense scrutiny since U.S. intelligence officials accused Moscow of interfering in last year s U.S. presidential election. The Kremlin has repeatedly denied the allegations.   U.S. prosecutors are seeking a 52-year jail sentence and Levashov, who denies the charges against him, is fighting his extradition from Spain. He told a court in Madrid on Thursday that he had worked for the United Russia party for the last 10 years.  I collected different information about opposition parties and delivered it to the necessary people at the necessary time,  RIA quoted him as saying. Levashov provided no further details about his work for the party, RIA reported, though said he was an officer in the Russian army with access to classified information.  It was unclear if Levashov was a serving officer or an army reservist having completed mandatory military service.  He also told the court investigators in the United States would torture him for information about his political work if he was sent there to face the charges against him.  If I go to the U.S., I will die in a year. They want to get information of a military nature and about the United Russia party,  RIA quoted him as saying.  I will be tortured, within a year I will be killed, or I will kill myself.  Levashov has long been seen by cyber security investigators to be the person behind an online persona known as Peter Severa. Severa spent years listed among the world s 10 most prolific spammers, according to spam-tracking group Spamhaus. U.S. prosecutors have accused Levashov of running the infamous Kelihos botnet, a network of more than 100,000 infected devices used by cyber criminals to distribute viruses, ransomware, phishing emails and other spam attacks. Russia lodged its own request for Levashov s extradition last week, RIA reported. ",1
18805,U.N. agrees new team of experts for Burundi but EU and U.S. decry move,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. Human Rights Council agreed on Thursday to send experts to work with Burundi s government in pursuing perpetrators of  deplorable crimes  but the European Union and United States criticized the resolution. They said the last-minute move presented by African nations failed to take into account the conclusions of an existing probe which accused senior Burundian officials of atrocities that may amount to crimes against humanity. That commission said there are reasonable grounds to believe crimes against humanity have been committed since April 2015 when President Pierre Nkurunziza said he would seek a third term in office. The opposition said he was acting unconstitutionally. A government crackdown on protests followed and the ensuing upheaval triggered a food crisis and the exodus of over 400,000 refugees. The African text, supported by Bujumbura s delegation, was adopted by a vote of 23 states in favor, 14 against, with nine abstentions at the 47-member Geneva forum.  The text in no way reflects the scale or severity of the situation in Burundi,  Latvia s ambassador Janis Karklins said on behalf of the EU.  It doesn t take into account the conclusions of the investigation team and no follow-up is provided to them.  The last-minute maneuver by the African Group, led by Tunisia,  presents a dangerous precedent for the Council , he said.  It was unclear if an EU resolution on Burundi, which would extend the mandate of the existing U.N. inquiry, could survive in some form after the African resolution.  The Council is expected to decide on the EU resolution before its three-week session ends on Friday. The United States voiced deep disappointment at what it called the African resolution s failure to address the grave human rights situation in Burundi.  Due to severe restrictions on space for civil society and independent media, the Commission of Inquiry serves as a critical and credible source of information and must be able to continue its work,  U.S. diplomat Jason Mack said.  We remind this Council that after conducting more than 500 interviews the commission found reasonable grounds to believe that crimes against humanity have been committed in Burundi and the government of Burundi continues to engage in extrajudicial killing, torture, arbitrary detention, enforced disappearances and sexual violence,  he said. The Human Rights Council  should not support any mechanism short of a commission of inquiry or this Council further risks diminishing its credibility as the primary mechanism for protecting and promoting human rights , Mack added. Burundi s ambassador Renovat Tabu declined to comment after the vote, but earlier told the Council that the EU had  a hidden agenda  against his country.  The (Burundi) government has already achieved substantial progress in improving the human rights situation as well as building the rule of law, and in the fight against impunity and is determined to continue its efforts to move forward,  he said. ",1
18806,Seven killed by car bomb explosion in Mogadishu: police,"MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Seven people were killed when a car bomb exploded near a bus stop in a district of Somalia s capital Mogadishu on Thursday, police said. It was not yet clear who had carried out the bombing. The Islamist group al Shabaab has frequently carried out bombings in Mogadishu and other towns, seeking to destabilize the western-allied central government.  I have counted seven dead bodies of civilians,  Major Nur Hussein, a police officer, told Reuters by phone. He said the car exploded just as a minibus carrying civilians was passing by. The death toll was likely to rise, he said.  A Reuters witness at the scene said he saw at least three dead bodies and a damaged minibus with blood stains on it. ",1
18807,"UK business, unions ally to urge Brexit citizenship deal","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s leading business and union bodies jointly urged the British government and European Union on Thursday to guarantee their citizens  rights after Brexit takes place in March 2019. The uncertainty facing four million expatriate European and British citizens has become intolerable, said the heads of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) and Trades Union Congress (TUC) - who often sit on opposite sides of the corporate negotiating table.  Millions of workers and thousands of firms are today united in their call to leaders on both sides to find an urgent solution,  the CBI s Carolyn Fairbairn and the TUC s Frances O Grady said in a joint statement. The issue of expatriate citizens  rights has become a stumbling block in bilateral talks over Britain s divorce.  Chief EU negotiator Michel Barnier said concessions made last week by UK Prime Minister Theresa May went in the right direction, but not far enough to move negotiations forward. Describing the current situation as  human poker , Fairbairn and O Grady said  a clear guarantee of the right to remain  for citizens in Britain and the EU was needed within weeks. The CBI and TUC said EU citizens accounted for 10 percent of registered doctors and 4 percent of nurses in Britain.  Millions more work in the public and private sectors delivering public services and making a vital contribution to our economy,  they said. EU citizens giving evidence to a Scottish parliamentary committee on Europe said they had missed job opportunities in the UK due to confusion among employers on the need for a permanent residency card, which costs 160 pounds ($215) and can only be obtained by filling out an 80-page form.  But it is unclear whether the card will be valid post-Brexit when they will then need to apply for  settled status , under proposals currently being discussed. ($1 = 0.7441 pounds) ",1
18808,"Brexit bill gives UK ministers 'excessively wide' powers, parliament committee says","LONDON (Reuters) - A parliamentary committee on Thursday accused British Prime Minister Theresa May s government of giving ministers  excessively wide  powers in new bill to transfer EU law into British law. The bill in question sets out the government s plan for transposing European Union law into the British statute book as part of Brexit. But it creates scope for ministers to alter legislation without full parliamentary scrutiny in order to make sure laws works properly once transferred.  The bill gives ministers excessively wide legislative powers beyond what is necessary to ensure UK law works properly when the UK leaves the EU,  said a statement accompanying a report by a committee of lawmakers from parliament s unelected upper chamber, the House of Lords. The government has said the powers created by the bill are strictly limited to what is needed to allow for a smooth transition - something they say is necessary to give businesses certainty over the rules they will face when Britain s EU membership ends in March 2019. Nevertheless, May, whose Conservative Party does not have an outright majority in parliament, could be forced into making concessions to ease concerns from across the political spectrum to clear the remaining lawmaking stages. Thursday s critical report by the House of Lords Delegated Powers Committee set out an alternative proposal that would allow more rigorous scrutiny of changes that the government wants to make when transposing EU law. The report offers a taste of the resistance May can expect to find in the House of Lords, where her Conservatives peers are significantly outnumbered by rivals from other parties.  The Lords will have to approve the withdrawal bill before it can become law. Earlier this month the government cleared the first of many parliamentary hurdles, winning a vote on crucial legislation known as the EU withdrawal bill despite criticism that it amounted to a government power grab. ",1
18809,Brazil poll shows Temer approval plummets on new graft charges,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The approval rating for Brazilian President Michel Temer s scandal-plagued government has sunk further since new  corruption charges were brought against him, and 92 percent of Brazilians do not trust him, a new poll published on Thursday showed. The survey by pollster Ibope said the number of people who consider Temer s government  bad  or  terrible  rose to 77 percent from 70 percent in the previous survey carried out in July. The proportion of those who rate his government as  great  or  good  slipped to just 3 percent from 5 percent. Only 6 percent of Brazilians still trust Temer, down from 10 percent, the poll said. The government s approval rating collapsed in July after Temer was hit by a first corruption charge that was blocked by Congress in August, which saved him from standing trial before the Supreme Court. But federal prosecutors filed new accusations against him of obstructing justice and being a member of a criminal organization in a corruption case involving the owners of the world s largest meatpacker JBS SA. They accused Temer of taking bribes in return for political favors and of conspiring to buy the silence of a witness who could implicate the president. The lower house of Congress, which has the authority to decide whether a president should be put on trial, is expected to vote on the new charges in mid-October at the earliest.  Analysts expect the Congress to again reject a Supreme Court trial for Temer, putting him on course to serve out his term until the end of 2018. But the corruption debate will delay passage of his plan to overhaul Brazil s costly pension system, a key measure to bring a gaping budget deficit under control.  He was already a very unpopular president proposing unpopular measures. Now there is the perception that he, his cabinet and his ruling coalition are involved in a series of wrongdoings,  said Lucas de Arag o, partner at the Brasilia-based political risk consultancy Arko Advice. Temer s ratings have fallen below the worst result of his predecessor Dilma Rousseff, whom he succeeded when she was impeached last year. Rousseff and her Workers Party called her ouster a  coup  orchestrated by Temer and his allies so they could shield themselves from corruption investigations. Thursday s poll was commissioned by the National Confederation of Industry lobby and surveyed 2,000 people between Sept. 15-20 across Brazil. It has a margin of error of 2 percentage points. ",1
18810,Egyptian court hands fresh life sentence to Muslim Brotherhood leader,"CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian court sentenced top Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed Badie to another life term in prison on Thursday in the latest example of a crackdown against Islamists since the army overthrew President Mohamed Mursi.       The sentence relates to violence that broke out in 2013 after the army toppled Mursi in the wake of mass demonstrations against him. General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi led the military at that time and was elected president the following year. Authorities outlawed the Brotherhood after Mursi was ousted and arrested thousands of its supporters. They also dissolved its Freedom and Justice Party, which Mursi led. Mass life and death sentences have been common since then in what rights groups call an unprecedented crackdown.  Fifteen others were sentenced to life in prison in the same case on Thursday while 77 were given 15-year sentences with hard labor. Only 38 of those sentenced on Thursday were present at court while the rest were sentenced in absentia.  The judgment can be appealed in a higher court within the next 60 days.  Those sentenced were charged with inciting terrorism, leading an outlawed group, raiding and vandalizing government facilities among other crimes related to clashes in Beni Suef, south of Egypt in August 2013. The clashes took place the same day security forces dispersed two Islamist sit-ins in central Cairo and killed hundreds of Mursi s supporters.     Those sentenced on Thursday included former members of parliament and members of the Freedom and Justice Party.  Badie was sentenced to life in jail in 2014 after being convicted of murder and inciting violence during clashes that took place during the same period. ",1
18811,U.S. student held in North Korea died of oxygen starved brain: coroner,"(Reuters) - An American student who had been imprisoned in North Korea for 17 months died from lack of oxygen and blood to the brain, an Ohio coroner said on Wednesday. Otto Warmbier s death on June 19 was due to an unknown injury that occurred more than a year before his death, Hamilton County Coroner Dr. Lakshmi Sammarco said at a news conference.   We don t know what happened to him and that s the bottom line,  Sammarco said.  Warmbier s parents could not be reached for comment on the coroner s report. The University of Virginia student was held by North Korea from January 2016 until his release on June 15. Warmbier, 22, was returned to the United States in a coma. The coroner and a Sept. 11 report by her office cited complications of chronic deficiency of oxygen and blood supply to the brain in Warmbier s death. Only an external examination of the body rather than a full autopsy was conducted at the request of Warmbier s family.  North Korea had blamed botulism and the ingestion of a sleeping pill for Otto Warmbier s problems and dismissed torture claims. Warmbier died days after arriving back in the United States.  The native of Wyoming, Ohio, had been arrested at the airport in Pyongyang as he prepared to leave the reclusive communist country. He had been traveling with a tour group. Warmbier was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor for trying to take from his hotel an item bearing a propaganda slogan, North Korea s state media reported. Saying his son had been tortured, Fred Warmbier told Fox News in an interview on Tuesday,  As we looked at him and tried to comfort him, it looked like someone had taken a pair of pliers and rearranged his bottom teeth.    Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea,  President Donald Trump said on Twitter following the interview s broadcast.  In response to a question at the news conference, the coroner said there was no evidence of trauma to Warmbier s teeth nor was there evidence of broken bones. The coroner s report said that Warmbier s body had multiple scars varying in size, including a large irregular one measuring 4.3 by 1.6 inches on the right foot. ",1
18812,Iraqi Shiite militias accused of rights abuses in Hawija operation,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Shi ite militias illegally detained villagers near the Islamic State-held district of Hawija in northern Iraq and subjected them to torture and ill treatment, Human Rights Watch said on Thursday. The leader of one of the militias, which are known as Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF), denied the accusation and said their fighters were strictly following the law in their dealings with civilians fleeing military operations in the area.  Iraq launched an offensive on September 21 to dislodge Islamic State from Hawija, which lies west of the oil city of Kirkuk and is one of two areas of the country still under the control of the militants. Men from villages near Hawija were detained by militias from the Badr Organisation, a pro-Iran, Shi ite grouping that is playing a major role in Baghdad s war against Islamic State, and were taken to an unknown location, the HRW report said, based on interviews with villagers evacuated to a nearby refugee camp. The villagers told HRW they had seen militia fighters using their gun butts to beat the detained men. During their detention the fighters brought them food only once and only a small amount of water but did not let them use a bathroom.  Human Rights Watch has documented that PMF groups, including units affiliated with the Badr Organization, have screened, detained, and tortured people during the military operations,  said the report.Women were also detained briefly by Iraqi security forces and were questioned about their male relatives  activities before being transported to the refugee camp, HRW said.  While Iraqi forces do need all the help they can get, the government should not allow abusive forces to use this opportunity for even more abuse,  said Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East director at Human Rights Watch. The Iraqi government was not immediately available to comment on the HRW report, but local Badr commander Kareem al-Mohammedawi denied that villagers  rights had been abused.  We are strictly ordering our fighters to abide by the law and avoid mistreating refugees fleeing the fighting. But when we suspect someone is a terrorist we normally arrest him and hand him over to the security forces,  he said.           Hawija and a stretch of land along the Syrian border are the last pieces of Iraq still in the hands of Islamic State, which overran about a third of the country in 2014. ",1
18813,Extortionist seeking millions by poisoning supermarket food: German police,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A man slipped a potentially lethal poison into food, including baby food, on sale in some German supermarkets in an extortion scheme aimed at raising millions of euros, police said on Thursday. No cases of poisoning had been reported so far. Police said the alleged perpetrator had alerted them by e-mail after placing quantities of poison in products for sale in some southern German supermarkets earlier in September, and was now threatening to do so nationwide and elsewhere in Europe unless given a pay-off of many millions.  We are taking the threat very seriously,  Uwe Stuermer, deputy chief of police in the southern lakeside city of Konstanz, told a news conference.  There is no reason for panic or hysteria,  he added, while warning consumers to be on the look-out for packaging that had been tampered with when buying their groceries. Police were looking for a suspect who could be seen in security video footage from one of the supermarkets in a town near Konstanz and appeared to be a man of around 50. The footage was made public to help in the search. Police said they had found some baby food spiked with ethylene glycol, a colorless, odorless liquid used in the manufacture of antifreeze, which can be deadly if consumed. Authorities in the southwestern state of Baden-Wuerttemberg said they would intensify checks of food on sale, but warned that identifying contaminated items would be a challenge.  The case is difficult because the blackmailer did not say which food will be targeted or what poison he will use,  a consumer protection official said. ",1
18814,Protesters in Hong Kong demand full democracy on 'Occupy' anniversary,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hundreds of protesters in Hong Kong on Thursday demanded full democracy outside government headquarters, speaking out against China s suppression of civil liberties on the third anniversary of a major pro-democracy movement. Unfurling a mass of yellow umbrellas, a symbol of the 2014 movement that blocked major roads in the financial hub for close to three months, the demonstrators gathered at the same spot where police fired tear gas on the crowds three years ago. The 2014 Hong Kong protests were considered one of the boldest populist challenges to China s Communist Party rulers since the 1989 pro-democracy protests in and around Beijing s Tiananmen Square.  We have no fear,  the protesters shouted as police looked on.  We want universal suffrage.  The former British colony returned to Chinese rule in 1997 with the promise of a high degree of autonomy under a so-called  one country, two systems  arrangement. But frustration over China s tightening grip on Hong Kong s civil liberties was a key factor fuelling the 2014 movement, which was forcibly disbanded by police with no concessions granted by Hong Kong or Chinese authorities. Three years on, many of the youth-led movement s leaders are either behind bars or bracing for jail time on charges such as unlawful assembly.  We need to adjust our mentality,  said Benny Tai, a law professor at the University of Hong Kong and one of the leaders of the 2014 protests.  We re not scared. If you want to throw us in prison, do it!  Joshua Wong, aged 17 when he helped lead the movement, and now in jail for unlawful assembly, said Hong Kong was becoming increasingly suppressed, with an estimated 100 activists, most of them young, embroiled in legal proceedings.  As Hong Kong ushers in a heightened authoritarian era, to advocate human rights is to risk becoming a political detainee. This is the new normal,  Wong wrote in a column published in the Guardian newspaper on Thursday.  One simply cannot turn a blind eye and kid oneself that Hong Kong is still the same as it has always been.  An appeals court decision last month to overrule a previous non-jail term and instead imprison Wong and two prominent student activists sparked an international outcry. China s main representative  Liaison  office in Hong Kong couldn t be reached for comment, but Beijing has long stated it respects Hong Kong s  high degree of autonomy  and is supportive of lawful and gradual democratic development until universal suffrage is realized. Political tension has also escalated over posters on university campuses advocating independence for Hong Kong, angering Chinese officials who consider the territory an  inalienable  part of China, and sparking heated standoffs between students and pro-Beijing supporters. ",1
18815,Uzbek dissident charged with anti-government propaganda: report,"ALMATY (Reuters) - An Uzbek dissident who was detained this week on return from exile has been charged with two public security crimes that each carry a possible five-year sentence, news website Gazeta.uz quoted police as saying on Thursday. Nurulloh Muhammad Raufkhon, the first prominent dissident to return to Uzbekistan since the death of its long-time leader Islam Karimov, was detained on arrival on Wednesday, raising questions about the new president s efforts to change the country s image. Doniyor Tashkhojayev, deputy chief of Tashkent police, told local media Raufkhon had been charged in absentia and put on a wanted list after a criminal investigation launched in May. The charges include making public calls for unconstitutional change of the state order and producing and disseminating materials containing threat to public security and public order. Each is punishable by up to five years in prison. The interior ministry did not respond to requests for comment. Raufkhon was in exile in Turkey after publishing in the spring of 2016 a book critical of Karimov who had run the former Soviet republic with an iron fist since 1989.     The authorities then raided Raufkhon s house and put him on a blacklist of potential extremists and dissidents, which forced him to stay abroad. Karimov died last September and his successor, Shavkat Mirziyoyev, last month ordered the removal of 16,000 people, including Raufkhon, from the blacklist, as part of a broader liberalisation campaign. But Raufkhon s detention and possible conviction could indicate that Uzbekistan s powerful security apparatus is putting limits on such reforms. According to privately-owned Gazeta.uz, deputy chief of police Tashkhojayev said police would investigate Raufkhon s case and also see if his alleged crimes could fall within the scope of an amnesty. ",1
18816,"Ahead of regional vote, Merkel's conservatives neck-and-neck with Social Democrats","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and the rival Social Democrats (SPD) are neck-and-neck ahead of a crucial regional election in the state of Lower Saxony, an infratest dimap poll showed on Thursday. The Oct. 15 snap election is being followed unusually closely because it follows just three weeks after national elections and will delay federal coalition negotiations, since parties are reluctant to alienate core voters by making compromises ahead of a key regional vote. The poll placed the CDU on 35 percent, just ahead of the SPD on 34 percent. The Greens were in third place on 9 percent, followed by the pro-business Free Democrats on 8 percent. The radical Left party was on 5 percent and the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party was on 6 percent. ",1
18817,Russia tell U.S. to step back from dispute over military observation flights,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Foreign Ministry on Thursday told the United States to step back from a confrontation over military observation flights before the two countries became embroiled in another round of tit-for-tat retaliatory measures. The United States has accused Russia of flouting the so-called Open Skies Treaty, an agreement designed to build confidence between the two countries  militaries, and said it plans to take measures against Moscow. The Wall Street Journal newspaper reported on Tuesday that would include restricting Russian military flights over American territory in response to what it said was Moscow preventing U.S. observation flights over its heavily militarised Baltic exclave of Kaliningrad. Russian Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova told a news briefing on Thursday that Moscow would respond to any new U.S. restrictions.   Nobody has canceled the principle of reciprocity in international relations,  said Zakharova.        ",1
18818,European Parliament wants Britain to end discrimination against EU citizens: draft,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European parliamentarians want Britain to end  regrettable  practices that discriminate against EU citizens in the workplace and elsewhere, a draft resolution published on Thursday showed.  Lawmakers also urged British authorities to grant broad rights to EU citizens and their families in Britain after it exits the EU in 2019, an issue where EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier said on Thursday big differences remained. The European Parliament  expresses concern about regrettable administrative practices against EU citizens living in the United Kingdom , the draft resolution said.  Lawmakers said there were also cases of British citizens discriminated against in other EU countries. The British government said on Sept. 9 that its Equalities Office (GEO) was  aware of, and is looking into, reports of discrimination against non-UK EU nationals seeking employment  in violation of the 2010 Equality Act. The document, agreed on Thursday by the leaders of the assembly s political parties, will be voted on by the chamber next week in Strasbourg. The document is not binding on EU negotiators but the 28-nation parliament has the right to veto any deal with Britain on its future relations with the EU. MPs also urged Britain to protect the rights of EU citizens and their children even if they are born there after Brexit.  Future family members should continue to benefit from right of residence under the same provisions as current family members,  the document said. EU lawmakers have opposed Britain s proposals to create a new category of  settled status  under United Kingdom immigration law for EU citizens. Differences on these issues remain, Barnier said on Thursday at the end of a fourth round of Brexit negotiations. Without sufficient progress on citizens  rights, the EU will not move on to negotiations on a future trade deal with London. ",1
18819,Zimbabwe's Mugabe likens rivals to Judas for seeking his retirement,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe on Thursday accused unnamed officials of his own party of trying to push him into retiring and likened them to the biblical betrayer Judas. The 93-year-old Mugabe, one of the world s oldest leaders, has been in power since Zimbabwe, then called Rhodesia, gained independence from Britain in 1980. He intends to seek another five-year term at elections due next year. In public, his party, ZANU-PF, has rallied behind its aging leader. But in private its members are deeply divided over his continued leadership and who will eventually take over from him. Mugabe, who has repeatedly said his party will choose his successor when the time comes, said he was going nowhere and accused some party officials of supporting him during the day while plotting against him behind his back.  Others are like those that Jesus spoke about during his last supper, when he said  some of you eating with me here shall betray me . The Judas Iscariot. They are here among us,  Mugabe said during the burial of a party member.  They want to cause leadership change ... for the president to step down. I did not grab power. I was chosen by the people. It s the people s throne, so I don t want with it,  he said to loud cheers from some party members. ZANU-PF is divided into two factions. One backs Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa to immediately succeed Mugabe. Another is rallying behind Mugabe s wife, Grace, and also want the aging ruler to be president for life.  When the day comes I will say thank you to my Zimbabwean family and I will step down so you can choose my successor. But for now I am the one in charge,  Mugabe said. The southern African nation is gripped by a shortage of foreign exchange that has forced some businesses to buy U.S. dollars on the black market, a situation blamed for a recent spike in prices and shortages of some basic goods. But Mugabe, without giving evidence, accused some people of manipulating the currency to  trigger inflation and cause panic buying.  ",1
18820,"Turkey, Iran, Iraq may meet to discuss Kurdish Iraqi referendum: Turkey PM","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey, Iran and Iraq may hold a trilateral meeting to discuss the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum, Turkey s Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Thursday. Yildirim also said he agreed with his Iraqi counterpart Haider al-Abadi to coordinate economic and trade relations with the central government in Baghdad, after Abadi s government took control of border crossings with Turkey. ",1
18821,Ukraine says ammo depot explosions huge blow to combat capability,"KIEV (Reuters) - The destruction of two ammunition depots this year have dealt the biggest blow to Ukraine s combat capability since the start of its separatist conflict, security and military officials said on Thursday. Massive explosions at a military depot in the Vynnytsya region, 270 km (170 miles) west of Kiev, forced the authorities to evacuate 24,000 people on Wednesday. Another large depot was destroyed in March. It is not clear if the explosions were accidents or sabotage, either of which would underscore poor security at the bases, but officials traded blame for the resulting losses.   The country has suffered the biggest blow to our fighting capacity since the start of the war,  the secretary of the Ukrainian Security and Defence Council, Oleksandr Turchynov, told journalists. Earlier the defense ministry said the Vynnytsya depot contained 83,000 tonnes of ammunition.  There are many violations of fire and air safety at our arsenals. And these are the consequences,  Turchynov said.  We ve shown that we re not capable of protecting our strategic arsenals.  Prosecutors have launched an investigation into the Vynnytsya blaze, which the authorities have said may have been started deliberately, citing  external factors . Chief military prosecutor Anatoly Matios said the site s alarm system was out of order and its security team lacked sufficient guards and up-to-date equipment.  The main issue which must be addressed is the personnel problem of guards whose salaries are very low, and in general security is carried out by elderly people, who certainly don t have hawk-eye vision,  Matios told journalists. There have been four large fires at ammunition and weapons depots since late 2015 - an additional drain on Ukraine s military, which has been fighting Russian-backed separatists in eastern regions for more than three years.  It will be hard for the government to restore the military reserves that have destroyed by explosions over the past two years. This is hundreds of billions of hryvnias,  Matios said. Both Matios and Turchynov said Ukraine s General Staff, which is responsible for the military s day-to-day operations, should be held accountable for security failings at the depots. In a post on Facebook, Chief of the General Staff Viktor Muzhenko denied accusations his institution was incompetent. The comments were intended to  sow doubt about the armed forces  ability to protect its people, (and) undermine trust in the army,  he said. ",1
18822,"France condemns Idlib offensive, urges Russia to abide by de-escalation deals","PARIS (Reuters) - France on Thursday condemned bombings by Syrian government forces and its allies against civilian populations in Idlib and Hama province, and called on Russia to abide by commitments it had made to de-escalate violence in the area.  These acts violate international humanitarian law,  foreign affairs ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne said in a statement.  France calls on Russia and the allies of the Damascus regime to respect the commitments made in Astana and to prevent these air strikes from continuing,  she added. The Russian Defence Ministry on Thursday denied allegations that Russian and Syrian jets had killed at least 150 civilians in over a week of bombing, saying it had been careful not to hit civilians. ",1
18823,Turkey calls on citizens to leave northern Iraq before flights suspended on Friday,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey called on its citizens to leave northern Iraq before flights are suspended on Friday in response to the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum, the foreign ministry said in a statement on Thursday. Turkey will suspend flights to the northern Iraqi cities of Erbil and Sulaimaniya from 1500 GMT on Friday. The decision will impact Turkish Airlines, Pegasus, and Atlas Global flights. ",1
18824,Catalonia urges EU intervention in independence vote dispute,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU should do its duty as a repository of democratic values by telling Spain to allow a referendum on Catalan independence to take place, the region s foreign affairs chief said. Authorities in Barcelona are determined to hold the vote as planned on Sunday, despite concerted opposition from the Spanish government, which has declared it unconstitutional and ordered regional police to take control of voting booths.  We call on the EU institutions (...) to stand for the values and principles (of the EU treaty),  Raul Romeva told a news conference in Brussels.    Civil rights are being violated ...and the quality of democracy in Spain is being eroded.  By failing to call for dialogue over the issue, the European Commission was being perceived as endorsing Madrid s  repressive action , he added, saying government officials, mayors and journalists were being subjected to harassment. The Commission said it respected Spain s constitutional order. ",1
18825,Egyptian air force strikes arms convoy at Libyan border,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt said on Thursday its air force had hit 10 four-wheel-drive vehicles carrying arms, ammunition and contraband at Egypt s western borders with Libya. Egyptian security forces have been battling an insurgency by Islamic State that was until recently concentrated in the Sinai Peninsula but has extended to other parts of the country.  A number of criminals gathered and prepared to sneak into the Egyptian border, using a number of four-wheel-drive vehicles,  the Egyptian military said in a statement that gave no details of casualties.  ",1
18826,Philippine leader changes his tune with praise for U.S. 'allies',"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte voiced rare praise for the United States on Thursday, calling it an important security ally, and dismissing historic grievances and his slew of past tirades against Washington as  water under the bridge . Duterte s anti-American outbursts have become notorious and baffling for one of Washington s closest Asian allies since the nation gained independence from the United States in 1946. He was speaking on the 116th anniversary of one of the bloodiest battles in the American-Philippines war on the central island of Samar, where 39 Filipino civilians were killed in retaliation for the deaths of 48 soldiers killed by rebels. Last year, at his first international summit in Laos, the maverick leader stunned regional leaders when he showed them pictures of that massacre. Then U.S. President Barack Obama canceled a bilateral meeting there with Duterte, who had called him a  son of a bitch  days earlier for expressing concern about his bloody war on drugs. On Thursday, Duterte said he had been advised to tone down his anti-American rhetoric and had positive words for the U.S. military, with which he has repeatedly threatened to sever ties, besides accusing it of supplying ineffective combat hardware and of making the Philippines a potential target for war.  This is all water under the bridge, I was under advice by the Department of Foreign Affairs, that I would temper my language and avoid cursing, which I am prone to do if I get emotional,  Duterte said in a speech.  I would not say they were our saviours, but they are our allies and they helped us. Even today, they provide crucial equipment to our soldiers in Marawi to fight the terrorists,  he said, referring to a city where Islamic State loyalists have been holed up for four months. Duterte was speaking in Balangiga, a town burned down in 1901 by U.S. soldiers, who seized two church bells as war trophies. Duterte has demanded the return of the bells and the two countries are now discussing the terms. Since Donald Trump replaced Obama as president, Duterte s attacks on the United States have decreased, though he vowed never to go there and last week passed up the opportunity to attend the United Nations General Assembly in New York. Duterte sprang a surprise last month with a warm reception for visiting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, describing himself as a  humble friend  of the United States.  Some commentators have attributed his softer tone to the Trump administration refraining from criticism of Duterte s signature war on drugs. Duterte s foreign minister Alan Peter Cayetano, who met Tillerson in Washington on Wednesday, said the Philippines was open to receiving foreign observers to examine its human rights record and war on drugs, which has killed thousands.  We made it clear that we have nothing to hide and are ready to work with experts or observers as long as they are independent and fair,  Cayetano said in a statement.         ",1
18827,Kenya's ruling party moves to amend election law ahead of vote re-run,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya s ruling Jubilee Party on Thursday presented parliament with proposals intended to prevent the Supreme Court annulling the results of a coming re-run presidential election, as it did the last vote in August. The court struck down President Uhuru Kenyatta s poll victory then, saying there had been illegalities and irregularities in the transmission of results.  Kenya used two systems to transmit results from polling stations: paper forms and the electronic transmission of the vote tallies plus scanned copies of the forms. The court found flaws in both. Jubilee s proposed amendments to election law would stop the court from invalidating results if the electronic transmission again fails to work smoothly. The manually transmitted results would be final, a copy of the amendments seen by Reuters on Thursday showed. The re-run vote is scheduled for Oct. 26 and opposition challenger Raila Odinga s coalition has said it will not take part unless the proposed changes are dropped, calling them  sanitisation of the flaws of the Aug. 8 vote .     The amendments would also prevent the court from voiding an election on the grounds of non-compliance with the law, provided the poll was held in line with constitutional principles and the non-compliance did not affect the result of the election.  The president, two dissenting Supreme Court judges, and some legal commentators have faulted the court s majority ruling for failing to explain how the illegalities cited interfered with the result of the election. Kenyatta said last week the ruling by the Supreme Court threatened to thrust the country into  judicial chaos , as  lower courts use the precedent to invalidate other elected positions. The dispute over the election law changes adds to a war of words ahead of the repeat election. Odinga has called for street protests to force out senior officials from the electoral board, while Jubilee has said the election will go ahead even if Odinga s side refuses to take part. Hundreds of University of Nairobi students fought running battles with police around their campus on Thursday, as they protested against the detention of an opposition legislator. Paul Ongili Owino was re-arrested on Wednesday, shortly after being released on bail on charges of subversion for calling Kenyatta a  son of a dog  at a campaign rally on Sunday.  He was arraigned again in court on Thursday on new charges of an assault causing  grievous harm  to a voter during the campaign for last month s election. ",1
18828,"U.N. denounces air raids on Idlib hospitals, seeks protection system","GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations condemned air raids on five hospitals and two humanitarian warehouses in Idlib, Syria, this week and called for setting up a system so warring sides would protect civilians and medical facilities near  terrorist  groups. Jan Egeland, U.N. humanitarian adviser on Syria, said it was not clear who had carried out the attacks, but said it was part of an escalating trend to attack  humanitarian lifelines  including hospitals, ambulances and health workers.  We urgently need a workable and respected system of notification for these protected localities that armed actors will respect,  he told reporters, although he conceded that some aid agencies were reluctant to share their GPS coordinates with the warring sides.   ",1
18829,Japan calls snap election as new party roils outlook,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A fledgling party led by popular Tokyo governor Yuriko Koike gained momentum on Thursday ahead of an Oct. 22 election as the biggest opposition Democratic Party said it would step aside to let its candidates run under her conservative, reformist banner. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, a conservative who returned to power in 2012, hopes a recent boost in voter support will help his Liberal Democratic Party-led (LDP) coalition maintain a simple majority. It now holds a two-thirds  super  majority.  But Koike s new Party of Hope, only formally launched on Wednesday, has upended the outlook for the election after the former LDP member announced she would lead it herself.  I m someone who is always ready to take action,  Koike told a news conference where she spoke about her achievements since taking office as governor a year ago. A media-savvy former defense minister whose name has often been floated to be Japan s first female prime minister, Koike said she would not run for a seat herself, although speculation persists that she will.  Democratic Party executives said they would not run candidates of their own and would let members run under the Party of Hope banner. The party has struggled to overcome rock-bottom ratings, defections and an image tainted by its rocky stint in power from 2009 to 2012. After the cabinet formally set the date of the election, Abe told reporters,  I decided to call this election because we must overcome the national crisis of the threat from North Korea and an aging population by obtaining a mandate from the people.   Some opposition lawmakers boycotted the dissolution session, in protest against Abe s election decision, which could bring about a political vacuum at a time of high tension with North Korea over its missile and nuclear arms programs. A survey by the Mainichi newspaper showed 18 percent of voters plan to vote for Koike s party, compared to 29 percent for Abe s ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP). An Asahi newspaper poll showed 13 percent planned to vote for her party, versus 32 percent for the LDP. Both surveys asked voters their preference for proportional representation districts where ballots are cast for parties, rather than  candidates.  Voters in many countries have shown they are willing to take a risk, even a severe risk, in terms of what will actually happen because they are disappointed with the status quo,  said Martin Schulz, a researcher at Fujitsu Research Institute. But Schulz, who drew a comparison to French President Emmanuel Macron s meteoric rise, added that Koike s platform might not be so appealing, given its similarities to LDP policies. Abe s personal ratings have risen to about 50 percent from about 30 percent in July, partly on the back of his leadership during the current North Korea crisis. But opposition parties say he called the election to escape questioning in parliament about suspected cronyism scandals that had cut into his support. Koike, 65, defied the LDP to run successfully for Tokyo governor last year and her novice local party then crushed the LDP in a metropolitan assembly election in July. Her Party of Hope shares policy space with the business-friendly LDP, but she has staked out different stances on two issues likely to appeal to voters. Koike, who wants Japan to abandon nuclear power, said she would study ways to eliminate dependence on it by 2030. Abe s government aims to retain its role in the energy mix, despite worries over safety after the 2011 Fukushima nuclear crisis. Koike also wants to freeze a planned rise in the national sales tax to 10 percent from 8 percent in 2019. Abe says he will raise the tax but spend more on child care and education instead of paying down public debt. Recent reforms will cut to 465 from 475 the number of lower house seats in the coming election. ",1
18830,North Korea insists U.S. student Warmbier wasn't tortured,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said on Thursday that American student Otto Warmbier had suffered no torture during his 17-month detention, a day after an Ohio coroner said he died from lack of oxygen and blood to the brain caused by an unknown injury. Sentenced to 15 years of hard labor for trying to take from his hotel an item bearing a propaganda slogan, the University of Virginia student was held by North Korea from January 2016 until his release on June 15. Warmbier died days after arriving in the United States and his parents said that their son had been tortured while in North Korea. North Korea had provided medical care to Warmbier despite his  hostile acts  against the country, and claims of torture are groundless slander aimed at opposing the North, North Korea s foreign ministry spokesman was quoted as saying by the state-run KCNA news agency. ",1
18831,Turkish family of PakTurk Schools director abducted in Pakistan: rights group,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The family of a former director of the Turkish PakTurk Schools in Pakistan has been abducted by authorities in the eastern city of Lahore, the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan (HRCP) said, less than a year after Pakistan sought to deport them. Pakistan has forged close ties with Turkey in recent years and President Tayyip Erdogan, who opposes the PakTurk Schools, has made several state visits to Islamabad. Turkey has accused the schools of alleged links to Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen, or his  Hizmet  movement, which Erdogan says was behind a failed coup attempt in Turkey last year. PakTurk schools deny such links but in November last year  Pakistan ordered their Turkish teachers to leave the country. HRCP said Mesut Kacmaz, former director of the PakTurk International Schools and Colleges, was picked up on Wednesday by 20 armed individuals, according to their Turkish neighbor who spoke to the rights group. Kacmaz, his wife, and two daughters were,  roughed-up, hooded, handcuffed and taken in a wagon  to a  furnished house where several other interrogators were also present , HRCP, a non-governmental organization, said in a statement late on Wednesday.  HRCP urges the government to immediately release the Kacmaz family and desist from deporting them. There are credible reports of other Turkish educationists being arrested upon their arrival in Turkey and their subsequent torture.  The Punjab province s police department did not respond to requests for comment.  HRCP said the family has been living in Pakistan for the past year on a valid United Nations  asylum seeker certificate. The schools educate more than 10,000 students in Pakistan.  ",1
18832,"Leaving nothing to chance, China increases security, social control before Congress","BEIJING (Reuters) - China is tightening security for next month s twice-a-decade Communist Party Congress, cancelling police leave in Beijing, limiting tourism to Tibet, and clamping down on the spread of political rumors.  High-level meetings in China are typically accompanied by a security crackdown - as well as uncharacteristically smog-free blue skies - with the stability-obsessed party not wanting to run the risk that anyone or anything offers a distraction.     Thousands of policemen from other provinces have been sent to the Chinese capital to reinforce, a source with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters. A second source, with ties to the country s security forces and citing conversations with senior police officers, said all police leave in Beijing had been canceled starting from early September.     Beijing Communist Party chief Cai Qi on Wednesday asked the city for  120 percent  effort to ensure safety for the congress, the official Beijing Daily said.      We must hold the line for social control, eliminate all destabilizing factors, hold the line for cyber security and resolutely crack down on political rumors and harmful news,  Cai said. Beijing s largest market for metal building materials will be shuttered from Friday and is being relocated to Hebei province taking with it more than 10,000 industry workers and stall owners, according to the Beijing Daily. The market s unceasing growth had created a  messy environment  where migrants congregate, the paper said, without mentioning the crucial party gathering.  Many of the tightened security measures target migrants, with ID checks at metro stations and patrols outside government ministries to ensure any petitioners from out of town are rounded up immediately should they attempt to make a scene. Some 2,000 delegates will converge on Beijing for the Congress, staying at hotels across the city, and security will only get tighter as its opening nears, meaning any protests will be quickly shut down.   China s ongoing clampdown on cyberspace has seen WhatsApp, the messaging service run by Facebook, periodically unavailable in the past few weeks, while certain gifs using images of President Xi Jinping cannot be posted to group chats on messenger app WeChat. China s Internet regulator, in a statement to Reuters, said the government had the legal right to prevent the spread of  violent, terrorist and other illegal information .  As a well-known global app, WhatsApp should really proactively take steps to block the dissemination and spread of illegal information,  it said, without elaborating or making a specific mention of WeChat.     New limits have been placed on discussion in private group chats. Rules released at the beginning of September make companies and group owners accountable for breaches of content rules.  China s cyber watchdog on Monday also imposed the largest possible fines of 100,000 yuan ($15,110) on tech giants Tencent Holdings Ltd, Baidu Inc and Weibo Corp for failing to censor online content. The measures are far from restricted to just keeping Beijing secure. Measures have also been introduced in strategically sensitive places in other parts of China.      Security has been heightened at ports along the Yangtze River, with the Maritime Safety Administration saying last week that it was considering curbs on loading and unloading hazardous or flammable chemicals from Oct 11 to Oct 28.       Travel for foreign tourists to Tibet is also being restricted, some travel agents said. Tibet is always sensitive for Beijing given the opposition to Chinese rule that exists within the Tibetan community, and even in normal times foreigners need permission to go there. An official at China International Travel Service Ltd said the government had told it that no foreigners were allowed to visit Tibet from Oct. 18-28 because of the Congress. Three other travel agencies confirmed a ban would be lifted in late October. Organizers of a discussion on politics in the Middle East canceled the event in Beijing because they were worried about potential pressure from the authorities, a source with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.     The word  democracy  was only used once in the adverts, not in a sensitive way, but still they thought it was best to cancel,  the source said, declining to be named.      Feng Xiaogang, a famous Chinese film director known for work that brushes against sensitive issues and the limits of censorship, announced last week that the Sept 30 release of  Youth , his latest film, had to be delayed.    Feng gave no explanation.     However, a source with ties to the censors told Reuters that the authorities had considered it risky to screen the film before the congress, as it is partially set during China s 1979 war with Vietnam - a touchy subject. The fear was that it could spark debate about the morality and necessity of the conflict. In and around Beijing, efforts have also been ramped up to ensure the skies remain blue over the Congress and not polluted by the city s notorious smog.    The city of Handan, near Beijing, has ordered steel mills to halve output a month earlier than the usual mid-November cutbacks aimed at curbing air pollution, according to media reports. Rounds of inspections by the authorities to check up on health and safety or environmental requirements have left small businesses closed for days, weeks or months, owners and employees say. Factories on the outskirts of Beijing, even those that make luxury goods, have been closed for days while inspections are carried out, according to one employee who declined to be named. Some low-end, fast food-type restaurants in Beijing have also been ordered to close, ostensibly to prevent fire risks and to limit pollution, residents say.  There s so many inspections at the moment,  said a pancake seller who gave her family name as Liu.  What am I supposed to do if they make me shut?  ",1
18833,"Turkey will deal with Iraqi central government, PMs to meet soon: spokesman","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey is determined to conduct its dealings in Iraq with the central government after the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum and the two countries  prime ministers will meet soon, government spokesman Bekir Bozdag said on Thursday. Bozdag, also a deputy prime minister, said in an interview with broadcaster TGRT that the Turkish armed forces  training of Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga fighters had been terminated and that further steps would follow in response to the referendum.  ",1
18834,Russia denies Syrian opposition allegation over civilian deaths,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Defence Ministry on Thursday denied allegations that Russian and Syrian jets had killed at least 150 civilians in over a week of bombing, saying it had been careful not to hit civilians. The ministry was responding to comments made on Wednesday by opposition rescue workers who accused Moscow and Damascus of killing at least 150 civilians and of injuring dozens in air strikes in Idlib Province. Major-General Igor Konashenkov said in a statement that the opposition-run Civil Defence group which made the allegations was made up of  charlatans  who could not be regarded as objective sources of reliable information.   Russian air force planes do not strike residential districts in populated areas in order to avoid casualties,  Konashenkov said.  Targets are terrorist bases, armored vehicles and ammunition stories which are always identified by drones and always confirmed by other channels beforehand.  He said Russian planes operating in Idlib Province had only targeted militant fighters and their equipment in the last week. ",1
18835,Speed over safety? China's food delivery industry warned over accidents,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A scooter driver in a bright blue jacket on a food delivery run dashes across a busy intersection slick with rain, hits a turning car and is hurled along the tarmac in a video posted by Chinese police warning that couriers should slow down. China s home delivery boom, powered by an estimated three million couriers, most of them riding quiet electric scooters or boxy three-wheelers, has triggered a surge in road accidents, prompting warnings from police and complaints from drivers who say they feel pressure to put speed before safety.  Accidents happen all the time at rush hour. I have a friend who was hit by a car and could not work for two months,  said a food courier in Beijing surnamed Zhang, declining to give his full name. The number of users of China s online food delivery market, dominated by services backed by technology giants Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Tencent Holdings Ltd, surged  41.6 percent to 300 million in the first half of 2017, according to a report by the state-controlled China Internet Network Information Center.      After 76 injuries and deaths involving food delivery drivers in Shanghai were recorded in the first half of 2017 alone, police called in China s largest food delivery companies in late August to warn them to improve safety standards.  Drivers from China s two largest food delivery companies, Meituan-Dianping and Ele.me, were responsible for about a quarter of all the incidents, the Shanghai police said. The news sparked a countrywide reaction as city police and state media came out to chastise the industry for accidents. Police in the eastern city of Nanjing met with food delivery companies on Sept 20 after couriers were involved in more than 3,000 accidents in the first half of 2017, over 90 percent of which were deemed their fault, state media reported.   The official Legal Daily urged authorities to  mobilise the masses  to use phone cameras to catch offenders and punish their employers, identified by distinctively colored uniforms. A spokesman for Meituan, whose drivers wear a fluorescent yellow, said that the company has safety training for drivers and conducted more than 300 driver training courses in July. He said there was a 13.6 percent drop in traffic incidents in the following month. A spokeswoman for Ele.me said it tells drivers that  safety is first, speed is second  and that the company recently launched a system to track traffic violations by drivers, as well as offering rewards to onlookers who report incidents. China s drivers are rarely mugged or shot - a risk facing their counterparts in parts of the United States and some other countries - but they often suffer injuries on the country s hectic city roads.   While drivers typically take the blame for accidents, labor activists and numerous drivers said incentives make speed a necessity. The Hong Kong-based China Labour Bulletin, which tracks labor action in China, said couriers are increasingly airing their grievances, staging protests and strikes to demand better wages and accident insurance.  Drivers can face fines for late deliveries or poor customer ratings, the drivers said, adding that companies do not always provide insurance or coverage for accidents. Companies say drivers are covered by public and third party liability insurance. Food delivery drivers told Reuters that they are expected to do up to 40 deliveries in one 10-to-12-hour shift, usually with a time limit of under half an hour per delivery. Being on time and getting good reviews from customers can mean an extra 5 yuan (0.75 U.S. cents) or so per delivery. Couriers are also usually not hired directly by the companies that design the ordering software. Instead, they work freelance or for third party companies, leaving them without direct contracts with the platform operators. In August, dozens of Meituan drivers staged a strike in the southern city of Yixing to complain about pay and injury compensation, showing off their scab-covered legs and using hand-written equations to show how a build up of fines for late deliveries can eat into their salaries. The vast majority of drivers are migrant workers under the age of 26 who send most of their income home to support their families, according to a 2016 report by Meituan-dianping.   Food delivery platforms  management needs to become more humane,  the official People s Daily newspaper said in a recent commentary.  Switch from an operating model that only seeks speed to one that only seeks stability... don t let delivery drivers risk their lives delivering meals.  An Ele.me spokeswoman acknowledged that  balancing delivery speed and traffic safety is indeed very hard , adding that the company is working to use artificial intelligence to optimize routes and monitor drivers. Criticism has mostly targeted food delivery companies as their drivers face greater time pressure and have less well-defined routes than those delivering other packages. But the wider delivery industry also has its problems. Niu Hongqiang, 23, a driver from Hebei province working for a package delivery company in Beijing said that the safety training he received was  useless.   When something goes wrong, it goes wrong in a big way.  ",1
18836,China says North Korean businesses in country will shut within 120 days of U.N. resolution,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s commerce ministry said on Thursday that North Korean firms or joint ventures in China will be shut within the 120 days of the latest United Nations Security Council sanctions passed on Sept.12. Overseas Chinese joint ventures with North Korean entities or individuals will also be closed, the ministry said in a statement on its website, not giving a timeframe. The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously on Sept.12 to boost sanctions on North Korea, banning its textile exports and capping fuel supplies. The U.N. action was triggered by North Korea s sixth and largest nuclear test this month. It was the ninth Security Council sanctions resolution over North Korea s ballistic missile and nuclear programs since 2006. ",1
18837,Thai junta leader says fugitive former PM Yingluck is in Dubai,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - The leader of Thailand s military junta said on Thursday that Yingluck Shinawatra, the prime minister he ousted three years ago, was in Dubai, where she fled last month to avoid being jailed over a rice subsidy scheme that lost billions of dollars. Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, the army chief who led the coup, said Thailand would pursue Yingluck through diplomatic channels and police cooperation using Interpol. His remarks came a day after the country s top court found Yingluck guilty of criminal negligence and sentenced her in absentia to five years in prison.  She is in Dubai,  Prayuth told reporters, adding that the foreign ministry had been tracking Yingluck s movements.  The police will now have to proceed and coordinate with the Foreign Ministry and Interpol.  Thaksin s Puea Thai Party did not comment to Reuters on Prayuth s disclosure. But a source in the United Arab Emirates said Yingluck left Dubai for London on Sept. 11, without giving further details. The Supreme Court delayed giving its judgment last month after Yingluck failed to show in court and police discovered she had slipped out of the country. The Thai authorities had not disclosed Yingluck s whereabouts before, though senior party members had told Reuters  she had gone to Dubai where her brother, former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who lives in self-imposed exile to avoid a 2008 jail sentence for graft, has a home. On Thursday, asked by Reuters whether Yingluck had left Dubai for London, Thai deputy national police chief Srivara Ransibrahmanakul declined to comment. Photographs posted on the photo-sharing app Instagram by one of Thaksin s daughters show Thaksin in London since Sept. 15. None of the photos feature Yingluck. For more than a decade, Thai politics has been dominated by the power struggle between the Shinawatras and Thailand s establishment, which includes the armed forces and urban middle class. The Shinawatras remain popular with rural and poor voters, and the rice subsidy scheme had helped Yingluck shore up her support base to get elected in 2011. Throughout her trial, Yingluck said she was innocent and not responsible for the day-to-day running of the scheme, arguing that she was a victim of political persecution. The ruling junta has promised to hold an election in 2018, though changes to the constitution have ensured the military holds on to some role governing the country. Thai police on Thursday raided Yingluck s home in eastern Bangkok, armed with a search warrant. Around a dozen police from the forensics unit entered the large compound carrying gloves and metal boxes, to be met by a lawyer for Yingluck and one of her bodyguards. ",1
18838,"Facebook, Google, Twitter asked to testify on Russian meddling","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Executives from Facebook, Alphabet Inc s Google and Twitter have been asked to testify to the U.S. Congress in coming weeks as lawmakers probe Russia s alleged interference in the 2016 U.S. election, committee sources said on Wednesday. A Senate aide said executives from the three firms had been asked by the Senate Intelligence Committee to appear at a public hearing on Nov. 1. The leaders of the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee said the panel would hold an open hearing next month with representatives from unnamed technology companies in an effort to  better understand how Russia used online tools and platforms to sow discord in and influence our election.  Representatives for Facebook and Google confirmed they had received invitations from the Senate committee but did not say whether the companies would attend. Twitter did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The House panel did not immediately identify any companies, but a committee source said lawmakers expected to hear from the same three firms the Senate had asked to testify. The requests are the latest move by congressional investigators to gain information from internet companies as they probe the extent of Moscow s alleged efforts to disrupt last year s U.S. election. Lawmakers in both parties have grown increasingly concerned that social networks may have played a key role in Russia s influence operation. Facebook revealed this month that suspected Russian trolls purchased more than $100,000 worth of divisive ads on its platform during the 2016 election cycle, a revelation that has prompted calls from some Democrats for new disclosure rules for online political ads. On Wednesday, Trump attacked Facebook in a tweet and suggested the world s largest social network had colluded with other media outlets that opposed him. The president has been skeptical of the conclusions of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia interfered in the election and has denied his campaign colluded with Moscow. The salvo prompted a lengthy rebuke from Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg, who said both Trump and liberals were upset about ideas and content on Facebook during the campaign.  That s what running a platform for all ideas looks like,  Zuckerberg wrote on his personal Facebook page. Other internet firms besides Facebook are also facing rising scrutiny over how Russia may have leveraged their platforms. Twitter is expected to privately brief the Senate panel on Thursday. Republican Senator James Lankford, who has received classified information about Russia s interference as a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said on Wednesday that the country s attempts to sow discord in U.S. domestic affairs had not abated. Russian internet trolls over the weekend fueled the debate ignited by Trump over whether NFL players should have the right to kneel during the national anthem,  Lankford said. Also on Wednesday, the Daily Beast, citing unnamed sources, reported that a Facebook group named  United Muslims of America  was a fake account linked to the Russian government and that it was used to push false claims about U.S. politicians, including Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.  The group bought Facebook ads to reach targeted audiences, promoting political rallies aimed at Muslims, the website reported. The Senate and House intelligence committees are two of the main congressional panels probing allegations that Russia sought to interfere in the U.S. election to boost Trump s chances at winning the White House, and possible collusion between Trump associates and Russia. ",1
18839,Suicide car bomb kills at least 12 Afghan police,"KABUL (Reuters) - At least 12 Afghan police were killed and four wounded when a Humvee packed with explosives drove into their checkpoint in the southern province of Kandahar late on Wednesday, a government official said. Abdul Bari Baryalai, a spokesman for the provincial government, said the attack took place in Maruf district, bordering Pakistan. The attack, in one of the Taliban s heartlands, underlines the threats faced by Afghan security forces, notably police units on the front lines of the battle against insurgents who control or contest about 40 percent of Afghanistan. The incident came on the same day that militants attacked Kabul airport while U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was visiting the Afghan capital. ",1
18840,"China says wants deeper Singapore military ties, raps Taiwan relations","BEIJING (Reuters) - China wants to improve its military relationship with Singapore, but is resolutely opposed to any country having defense ties with self-ruled Taiwan, China s Defence Ministry said on Thursday, obliquely criticizing Singapore s Taiwan links. China is suspicious of the city state s good military relations both with the United States and Taiwan, claimed by China as its own. Singaporean troops train in Taiwan, despite a lack of formal diplomatic relations between the two, which has been an irritant in China-Singapore ties. Last November, Hong Kong port authorities impounded nine Singaporean armored military vehicles being shipped home from training grounds in Taiwan, leading to tensions between Singapore and China. Hong Kong later released the vehicles. Asked about a visit of Singaporean Defence Minister Ng Eng Hen to China last week and speculation this may lead Singapore to end its military training in Taiwan, Chinese Defence Ministry spokesman Wu Qian said relations with Singapore s military had been generally developing smoothly. There are high level talks, mutual visits of warships and other exchanges, which has deepened mutual understanding and achieved practical results, Wu told a monthly news briefing.  China is willing to work with Singapore to create favorable conditions to develop an even more mature military relationship,  he said.  I also want to stress here that Taiwan is an inseparable part of China. We resolutely oppose any country having any form of official exchanges with Taiwan or military links.  Ng s meeting with Chinese Defence Minister Chang Wanquan came as part of a trip to Beijing by Singapore s Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, where there was no public mention of the Taiwan matter. Influential state-run Chinese newspaper the Global Times said last week that it was  inevitable  the military training in Taiwan would end, though it offered no proof. Taiwan is one of China s most sensitive issues. Beijing has never renounced the use of force to bring what it considers a wayward province under its rule. Ties across the Taiwan Strait have nosedived since Tsai Ing-wen from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party won presidential elections last year. China suspects she wants to push for the island s formal independence. She says she wants to maintain peace with her giant neighbor. In recent months, Chinese air force jets have carried out a series of drills around Taiwan which have included bombers and advanced fighter jets. Spokesman Wu reiterated that the drills were routine.  We will continue with such exercises,  he added. Taiwan s Defence Ministry declined to comment. ",1
18841,Rising tension spurs Malaysia to ban travel to North Korea,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia on Thursday banned citizens from traveling to North Korea, scotching yet again its soccer team s participation in an Asian Cup qualifying match, as tension rises on the Korean peninsula over missile and nuclear development by Pyongyang. Malaysia is one of the handful of countries that still has friendly diplomatic ties with North Korea, but relations have been strained since the murder of Kim Jong Un s half brother at the airport in the Malaysian capital this year. The travel ban will be reviewed once the situation has returned to normal, the Malaysian foreign ministry said in a statement. The ban also covers the Malaysian soccer team s trip to Pyongyang for an Oct 5 match, deputy foreign minister Rizal Merican Naina Merican said.   The travel ban covers all Malaysians, and as Malaysians, the Malaysian national football team is included too,  Reezal told Reuters. The news led to the match being postponed for a third time, with the Asian Football Confederation saying in a brief statement the situation would be  referred to the appropriate committees to decide on the future status of this match . The regional body said it decided to postpone the match after the Football Association of Malaysia told it of the travel ban. The match had been postponed to June 8 from its original date of March 28, but both dates were scrapped because of Malaysia s fears for its players  safety.  Last week, North Korea granted the president of the regional body, Malaysian royal Tunku Ismail Sultan Ibrahim, access to its airspace  anytime  he wants, as Pyongyang prepared to host the Asian Cup tie. ",1
18842,Yemen Houthis say U.S. citizen kidnapped by unknown gunmen,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen s Houthi forces denied detaining a U.S. citizen and said he had been kidnapped by unknown gunmen in the capital Sanaa, a statement from the movement said. Colleagues of Danny Lavon Burch, an engineer who had been working in Yemen since the late 1980s, said on Monday that Houthi forces had detained him in Sanaa.  The Iran-aligned Houthis and their ally former president Ali Abdullah Saleh control much of northern Yemen, including Sanaa, and are battling a Saudi-led coalition that is trying to restore the internationally recognized government. An armed gang was behind  the criminal and cowardly act  of kidnapping Burch, a statement carried by the Houthi-controlled state news agency SABA said late on Wednesday.  The security services are tracking the perpetrators of the kidnapping and they will be brought to justice,  it said. His wife, Nadia Burch, told Reuters earlier this week that her husband had been seized on Saturday after taking their children to school. He has worked in Yemen since the late 1980s, currently with the oil company Safer, said Burch, a Yemeni.  He has no problems or disputes with anyone, which is why he didn t leave as others did,  she said.  I ask for the release of my husband and his safe return to me.  She said the kidnappers had not contacted her and she was unsure of their identity. A U.S. State Department official said they were aware and concerned about the report of Burch s disappearance. More than 10,000 people have been killed in Yemen s civil war. It began in March 2015 when the Houthis advanced on the interim headquarters of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi in the southern port city of Aden, forcing him to flee the country and seek Saudi help. ",1
18843,Israel says it foiled planned ISIS-inspired attack at Jerusalem holy site,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel said on Thursday it had thwarted a plan by two Israeli Arabs with Islamic State sympathies to mount an attack at a contested Jerusalem holy site where a July gun ambush set off a wave of violence.  The Shin Bet security service described the suspects, aged 26 and 16, as residents of the same Israeli Arab town as three gunmen who on July 14 killed two police guards at a gate to Al-Aqsa mosque compound and were then shot dead.  Israel responded to that attack by briefly installing metal detectors outside the compound, angering Palestinians who saw that as a breach of decades-old access arrangements. Four Palestinians were killed during ensuing confrontations with Israeli security forces and a Palestinian stabbed three Israeli settlers to death.   The two suspects taken into custody this month  support the Islamic State terrorist group s murderous ideology and the terrorist attack was meant to be carried out in expression of this , the Shin Bet said in its statement on Thursday. It said they had two pistols.  They planned a gun attack at the Temple Mount in Jerusalem similar to what transpired on July 14,  it said without elaborating. Jews revere the site, where Al-Aqsa mosque and the golden Dome of the Rock now stand, as the location of their two ancient temples. Attempts by Jews to pray there, in violation of access arrangements, have been a source of tension with Muslims. Israel captured East Jerusalem, including the Old City and the holy compound, in the 1967 Middle East war. It annexed the area in a move that has never been recognized internationally. ",1
18844,China says will protect sovereignty from any conflict on Korean peninsula,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s Defense Ministry said on Thursday that the Chinese military will make all necessary preparations to protect national sovereignty and regional peace and stability, when asked about the risk of conflict on the Korean peninsula. Defense Ministry spokesman Wu Qian made the comments at a monthly briefing in Beijing when asked what preparations China was making in case a war breaks out. Wu also reiterated China s view that the issue should be resolved via talks, not military means, which he said were not an option to resolve tensions. ",1
18845,Tokyo Governor Koike: will examine steps to exit nuclear power dependence by 2030,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Popular Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, whose fledgling party is gaining momentum ahead of an Oct. 22 general election, said on Thursday at a news conference that she would look into what steps are needed to reduce Japan s dependence on nuclear energy to zero by 2030. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is calling the snap poll in the hope his Liberal Democratic Party-led coalition can keep its majority in the parliament s lower house, where it now holds two-thirds of the seats. Koike has said she wants Japan to abandon nuclear power - a stance likely to resonate with many voters - but had not previously mentioned a target date. Abe s government plans to retain atomic power as part of the energy mix, despite safety worries after the 2011 Fukushima crisis. ",1
18846,Iraqi PM's office says Turkey agrees to deal only with Baghdad on oil exports,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Turkey told Iraq it would deal only with the Iraqi government on crude oil exports, the office of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Thursday. In a phone call with Abadi, Turkish Prime Minister Binali   Yildirim confirmed the support of his country to all decisions  taken or sought by the Iraqi government after the independence referendum held in Iraqi Kurdistan on Monday, Abadi s office said in a statement. Among these measures, the statement mentioned  restricting oil export (operations) to the Iraqi government.    It didn t give more details or say how Ankara would deal with current crude exports from Iraqi Kurdistan.   ",1
18847,Qatar Airways cancels flights to northern Iraq: website,"DOHA (Reuters) - Qatar Airways is cancelling flights to Kurdish northern Iraq from Sept 29 to Oct 1 at the request of Iraq s Civil Aviation Authority, the carrier said on its website on Thursday. The flights to and from Erbil and Sulaymaniyah have been canceled after Iraqi authorities said all international air traffic would be suspended from Friday to those airports, the statement said. ",1
18848,Taiwan to allow visa-free entry for visitors from Philippines,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan will allow visa-free entry for visitors from the Philippines in hopes that the Southeast Asian nation will reciprocate the gesture, a spokesman for the self-ruled island s cabinet said on Thursday.  Taiwan does not have formal diplomatic relations with the Philippines, which recognizes the  one China  policy under which Manila acknowledges the Chinese position that there is only one China and Taiwan is part of it.  China considers Taiwan a renegade province to be taken back by force, if necessary. Whether the visa-free policy takes effect in October or November is to be decided by the foreign ministry, said Hsu Kong-yung, the spokesman of Taiwan s executive yuan, or cabinet.  After we open up the visa-free arrangements, in view of equal mutual benefits, we also hope they will make visa-free arrangements with Taiwan,  he told a news conference. Taiwan already has visa-free arrangements with Australia, Malaysia, New Zealand and Singapore. The government is continuing this year with a pilot scheme with Brunei and Thailand kicked off last year.   It is also considering visa-free arrangements with Indonesia and Vietnam, according to a government document seen by Reuters. A government spokesman did not immediately answer telephone calls from Reuters to seek comment on the Indonesia and Vietnam plans. ",1
18849,Youths charged with murder after fatal fire at Malaysian school,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Two Malaysian teenagers were charged with murder on Thursday, for setting fire to an Islamic boarding school that killed 23 people, mostly boys.  The fire in Kuala Lumpur on Sept. 14 was the deadliest of its kind in two decades, and the tragedy sparked public outrage, with calls for greater safety and tougher regulation at religious schools. [nL4N1LW1LS] The blaze had broken out in a top-floor dormitory at the three-storey boarding school where most of the students were sleeping in bunk beds, with many of the windows barred by metal grilles. The two accused were part of a group of seven youths, all male and aged between 12 and 18, who police said had started the fire after feuding with students from the boarding school. They lived in the neighborhood and did not attend the school. [nL4N1LX062] Prosecutors declined to provide the suspects  names or ages, citing Malaysia s child protection laws, but said both the accused boys were minors.  They are being tried jointly and are facing 23 counts of murder, one for each victim of the fire,  prosecuting lawyer Othman Abdullah told reporters outside a juvenile court in Kuala Lumpur.   Malaysia carries a mandatory death penalty for murder, but authorities have said it will not apply to the youths as they were underage. They could instead face jail time, whipping, fines or detention at an approved school.       The two, along with four others, are also facing drug use charges. All but one were minors, while another youth was released due to insufficient evidence, Othman said.  Those charged had tested positive for drugs, including marijuana and methamphetamine, according to a charge sheet sighted by Reuters.      The court has set Nov. 28 as the date for the next hearing, Othman said. ",1
18850,"China says U.N. sanctions on North Korea allowed buffer period for coal, seafood ban","BEIJING (Reuters) - China has comprehensively implemented United Nations sanctions on North Korea, a spokesman for the Ministry of Commerce said on Thursday.  Commerce ministry spokesman Gao Feng told reporters in Beijing that U.N. sanctions gave a  cushioning  or buffer period for implementation of the ban on coal and seafood imports from North Korea. The comment was in response to a question about data from China s customs administration showing China imported 1.6 million tonnes of coal from North Korea in August, the first since February, when Beijing banned purchases of the fuel from its northeast neighbor. On Aug. 14, the commerce ministry said it would allow any cargoes that were already at port to clear customs as usual before the U.N. sanctions came into force on Sept. 5. ",1
18851,El Salvador launches commission to find those missing from civil war,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - El Salvador on Wednesday launched the first commission to search for persons who went missing during its civil war, 25 years after the end of a conflict that left tens of thousands dead and hundreds of cases unresolved. The commission will seek victims who were killed or kidnapped by the military or rebels in order to help reunite them with families or return their remains People who lost relative have demanded such measures for decades.   With this instrument we reaffirm our deep commitment to pay off the historical debt to the victims of forced disappearances in the country,  said leftist President Salvador Sanchez Ceren, himself a former guerrilla leader.  The 1980-1992 war in El Salvador between the U.S.-backed army and the Marxist guerrillas of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN), now the ruling party, left 75,000 dead and 8,000 missing.  We hope that this commission gives something to the mothers because what we want is at least for them to tell us what they did with them,  said Sof a Hernandez, 74, who is looking for a daughter, two brothers and four nephews. Last year, the Supreme Court of Justice declared unconstitutional an amnesty law that has prevented since 1993 investigating and prosecuting those accused of war crimes in the impoverished Central American country. ",1
18852,Mali president wants U.S. to reverse Chad travel ban,"BAMAKO (Reuters) - Mali s President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita, head of a group of five countries in Africa s Sahel region, has asked the United States to remove a travel ban on Chadian nationals, saying that a failure to do so could affect Chad s security commitments. Security analysts expressed surprise when Chad, a key U.S. security partner since the Cold War, was named last week alongside North Korea and Venezuela as part of an eight-country the travel ban. Chad s army acts as a bulwark against local and regional armed movements and played a critical role in pushing back troops from jihadist group Boko Haram when they made a bid to expand beyond northeastern Nigeria in 2015. Its troops continue to hold front-line positions in unstable north Mali where jihadists ousted government authorities five years ago. As recently as February, Chad, also a key French ally, hosted a U.S. military training exercise for special forces as part of a broader strategy to empower regional troops such as the G5 Sahel security bloc consisting of Chad, Mali, Niger, Mauritania and Burkina Faso.    The president of the G5 thinks this decision could affect the commitment of Chad, which has until now shown itself to be a key partner in the fight against terrorism in the G5 Sahel and beyond,  said Keita in a statement sent to journalists late on Wednesday.  The president...calls on the authorities to favorably re-examine the matter by lifting the sanctions against Chad,  he added. Chadian officials expressed surprised at the decision earlier this week, calling it  incomprehensible .  The new U.S. measures, which have no end-date, help fulfill a campaign promise President Donald Trump made to tighten U.S. immigration procedures and align with his  America First  foreign policy vision. The White House says the restrictions are the consequences for countries not meeting new requirements for vetting immigrants and issuing visas. ",1
18853,Far-right presidential hopeful aims to be Brazil's Trump,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - He is anti-gay, pro-gun and warns that China is taking over Brazil. And with one year to go before Brazil s presidential election, right-wing Congressman Jair Bolsonaro is running second in opinion polls. Bolsonaro, a 62-year-old former paratrooper, lacks a major party behind him but hopes to emulate Donald Trump s unexpected rise to the U.S. presidency with the support of Brazilians fed up with corrupt politicians and bad government.  Trump faced the same attacks I am facing - that he was a homophobe, a fascist, a racist, a Nazi - but the people believed in his platform, and I was rooting for him,  Bolsonaro told Reuters in an interview this week in his office in Brasilia, decorated with the portraits of five military presidents from Brazil s 1964-1985 dictatorship. A seven-term congressman, Bolsonaro is emerging as the law-and-order and anti-corruption candidate for the October 2018 vote. His support is fed by a surge in violent crime and Brazil s worst-ever graft scandal, which has implicated much of the political class, including President Michel Temer. For many disillusioned voters in Latin America s largest country, Bolsonaro s appeal lies in his clean record, with not a single allegation of graft raised against him. Many others in the Catholic country, however, are outraged by misogynist comments and outspoken support for Brazil s former military dictatorship, including its use of torture. Bolsonaro is appealing a conviction for inciting violence after he told a female congresswoman on the floor of the lower house that he  would not rape her because she did not deserve it.  After a high-ranking army officer, General Antonio Mour o, warned this month the military could seize power if Brazil s courts do not punish corrupt politicians, Bolsonaro played down the remark.  It was just a warning. Nobody wants to seize power that way,  he said, adding with a smile:  Maybe we could have a military man winning in 2018, but through elections.   Battling what he sees as a hostile press, Bolsonaro aims to use social media to deliver his message directly to voters, as Trump did successfully in the U.S. election last year. His Facebook page has more followers than any other politician in Brazil - 4.5 million. A poll by Datafolha in June put him second in voting intentions for the 2018 elections, at 16 percent, trailing only former president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, at 30 percent, who has been convicted of corruption and could be barred from running. However, political watchers say Bolsonaro s appeal is likely to wane as opponents play on his divisive comments. His rejection rate of 30 percent is only surpassed by Lula s 46 percent and the Governor of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin s 34 percent. Bolsonaro s homophobic reputation arose from his strident opposition to same-sex unions and attacks on a sexual education program for schools that he said encouraged homosexuality. He has maintained that adoption of children by same-sex couples is tantamount to pedophilia. As he prepares for a presidential run, Bolsonaro has moderated his rhetoric, telling Reuters that politics had no place in the bedroom and what adults did between the sheets was a private matter. But he won t budge on other policies such as easing gun control laws so any Brazilian can purchase a weapon. He said pro-gun bills he has sponsored should win approval in a more conservative Congress elected in 2018. While pledging to continue current efforts to reduce red tape and the size of the state, Bolsonaro would not privatize companies considered strategic, such as state-run oil company Petrobras - a national development strategy espoused by Brazil s military governments. If elected, Bolsonaro s priority in foreign affairs would be to strengthen ties with Washington, especially with Trump in the White House. He would aim to make the United States Brazil s main trade partner, a position it lost to China in 2009.  China is taking over Brazil and that is worrying. They are investing in mining, agriculture, energy, ports and airports,  Bolsonaro said, pledging to restrict Chinese investors from buying Brazilian companies. At the end of the interview, Bolsonaro stood up and saluted in front of the portraits of the five military presidents.     Outside, people lined up to get selfies with him.  I want a photo. He is the only politician who has not stolen,  said Marcos, 18, a student from Goias state. ",1
18854,U.S. will phase out program for Central American child refugees,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump s administration is ending a program that allowed children fleeing violence in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras to apply for refugee status in the United States before leaving home.  The administration will phase out the Central American Minors (CAM) program during fiscal year 2018, according to a report provided to Congress and obtained by Reuters. That report also sets the overall refugee cap for the year at its lowest level in decades.  The CAM program started at the end of 2014 under the administration of former President Barack Obama as a response to tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors and families from Central America who arrived at the U.S.-Mexico border seeking asylum in the United States.   The program allowed vulnerable young people with parents in the United States to process their applications in their home region and avoid making the dangerous trip through Mexico to the U.S. border on their own, said Karen Musalo, the director of the Center for Gender and Refugee Studies at University of California-Hastings.   I think there is very little interest in understanding on the part of this administration as to who are refugees and our country s commitment to protect people fleeing persecution,  Musalo said. The report said it was ending CAM  because the vast majority of individuals accessing the program were not eligible for refugee resettlement.  The government will instead focus on  more targeted  refugee processing in Central America, working with the government of Costa Rica, the United Nations and the International Organization for Migration, the report said. The U.S. had already said in August it was ending one element of the program. An executive order on border security signed by Trump days after he took office in January triggered a review of the program, putting on hold the applications of more than 2,700 children who had been conditionally approved for entry into the United States. Those applications - the bulk of which were for children from El Salvador - have been canceled.  As of August 4, more than 1,500 children and eligible family members had arrived in the United States as refugees under the CAM program since it began in December 2014, according to the State Department. More than 13,000 people have applied for the program since it began, it said. ",1
18855,"Hope evaporating, a grim wait for relatives after Mexico quake","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Relatives waiting on Wednesday outside an office block that collapsed last week in Mexico City s earthquake have resigned themselves to the likelihood that their loved ones did not survive, as a stench of death seeped from the rubble.  Soldiers, firefighters and volunteers have worked day and night since the Sept. 19 quake to find those trapped. In the past few days the search has narrowed to a handful of buildings. The focus is on the office block in the chic Roma district, where over 30 people are still missing. Authorities say 337 people have been confirmed dead so far in the 7.1 magnitude quake, Mexico s most deadly in a generation.  Sadly, we have to be realistic, what we want are our relatives  bodies at the very least,  said Martin Estrada, 51, whose son is believed to buried under the building. Like others waiting for news of their relatives, Estrada was critical of a lack of information from authorities. He said the rescue had been too slow to save his son.  One rescue worker at the site said a putrid smell pervading the air was evidence bodies were still in the building. The earthquake, and one a few days earlier that killed around 100 people, have become political issues for the government of President Enrique Pena Nieto, stretched to capacity by the disasters and coming under increasing criticism.  We blame the government for their deaths,  Estrada said.  The earthquakes caused $2 billion in damage to schools, housing and heritage sites including churches, ministers said on Wednesday. Private estimates range from $2 billion to $8 billion.     Pena Nieto said funds set aside for disaster recovery  were not infinite  and warned financing would have to be reassigned in the 2018 budget, which is currently under discussion in Congress. At least 190,000 buildings have been seriously damaged across Mexico by the quakes and storms in recent weeks, Pena Nieto said on Tuesday. A senior official said there was a collapse risk at 1,500 buildings in the capital. Earlier in the day, smoke, ash and red-hot rocks belched from the Popocatepetl volcano near Mexico City, heightening anxiety for many locals, although officials said there was no imminent threat. Popocatepetl, whose name means  Smoking Mountain  in the native Nahuatl language, showered a village at its base with ash, shook with the force of a 1.8 magnitude earthquake and spewed flaming rocks to distances of up to 1 km (0.62 mile), the National Disaster Prevention Center (Cenapred) said.  The earthquake had its epicenter just a few miles from the volcano and  probably pushed  the volcanic activity, Carlos Valdez, director of Cenapred, told Reuters. However, eruptions at the volcano have become relatively common since it reactivated 23 years ago.  On a clear day, Popocatepetl looms on the horizon of Mexico City 44 miles (71 km) away, and volcanic ash occasionally blows into the city.      Winds blew the ash on Wednesday towards Ecatzingo, a village under the volcano that suffered damage to its church and dozens of houses in last week s quake. ",1
18856,"Mexico's Pena Nieto says disaster funds limited, need to rework budget","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s President on Wednesday said that funds would need to be reassigned from other areas of the government towards reconstruction efforts next year after a series of earthquakes that damaged at least 150,000 homes.  Today, the reconstruction needs more resources, and this should be reflected in the presidential budget debate next year,  President Enrique Pena Nieto said in a news conference with ministers who gave a preliminary damage estimate of $2 billion. The government presented its draft 2018 budget earlier this month, but that proposal will now probably have to be modified, he added. ",1
18857,Senator says Russian internet trolls stoked NFL debate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. senator on Wednesday said Russian internet trolls, seeking to polarize Americans, helped fuel a debate ignited by President Donald Trump over whether NFL players should have the right to kneel during the national anthem.     The assertion, made by Republican James Lankford, comes as congressional investigators probing Moscow s alleged meddling in the 2016 presidential election are focusing on how Russian agents used social media to spread divisive political content.  We watched, even this weekend, the Russians and their troll farms, their internet folks, start hashtagging out #TakeAKnee and also hashtagging out #BoycottNFL,  Lankford, who sits on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said during a hearing on threats faced by the United States.  They were taking both sides of the argument this weekend ... to try to raise the noise level of America and make a big issue seem like an even bigger issue as they are trying to push divisiveness in this country,  Lankford said.  Lankford did not provide evidence to corroborate his statement. A Lankford aide said U.S. intelligence shared with senators showed that Russian troll operations relied on social media to meddle in U.S. issues going back to last year s presidential election in an effort to divide Americans.      Such activity has also been occurring in Europe for years, the aide said. A website built by researchers working with the Alliance for Securing Democracy, a bipartisan, transatlantic project to counter Russian disinformation, showed tweets promoting both sides of the football debate from 600 accounts that analysts identified as users who spread Russian propaganda on Twitter. A Senate aide said the website was viewed as credible among congressional investigators. Facebook this month revealed that suspected Russian trolls purchased more than $100,000 worth of divisive ads on its platform during the 2016 election cycle. Twitter is expected to privately brief the Senate panel on Thursday, and the House Intelligence Committee said Wednesday technology companies would testify about Russian interference in an open hearing next month. Trump last week said that football players should be fired for kneeling during the national anthem. The players want to draw attention to what they say is social and racial injustice. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia orchestrated a multi-pronged cyber offensive on the 2016 election to discredit Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and help Trump, a Republican, win.  Russia denies seeking to influence the U.S. election, and Trump has dismissed claims of collusion as fake news. (This version of the story has been refiled to remove extraneous word  layers  in paragraph 11) ",1
18858,"Trump administration proposes to cut refugee cap to 45,000","WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Wednesday proposed admitting a maximum of 45,000 refugees next year, the lowest cap in decades, which officials said was necessary to ensure U.S. security, although Democrats and humanitarian groups blasted the decision as an abandonment of American moral authority. That figure is the lowest cap since the modern U.S. refugee admissions system was established in 1980, and the administration s decision was harshly criticized by refugee advocates who say it ignores growing humanitarian crises around the world. The report also projects slashing funding to the refugee resettlement program by 25 percent.  The security and safety of the American people is our chief concern,  a U.S. official said in a call with reporters on Wednesday, speaking on condition of anonymity.  We have every plan to process as many refugees as we can under this ceiling.    A second U.S. official said the administration is considering a  wide range of potential measures and enhancements  to refugee vetting, in accordance with a January executive order from President Donald Trump, though the official gave no further details. The lower refugee cap is a continuation of Trump s hardline stance on immigration. He made the issue a focus during the presidential campaign, advocating for a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico and the deportation of immigrants in the country illegally, and saying that Syrian refugees fleeing their country s civil war present a security threat to the United States. The proposed refugee limit represents a cut of more than half from the refugee ceiling set last year by former President Barack Obama, and is much lower than the 75,000 limit suggested by refugee advocates this year. It is also lower than the 50,000 cap Trump set in an executive order shortly after he took office in January. The administration proposed taking in a maximum of 19,000 refugees from Africa, 5,000 from East Asia, 2,000 from Europe and Central Asia, 1,500 from Latin America and the Caribbean, and 17,500 from the Middle East and South Asia. Many national security experts argue that refugees do not present a danger to the United States because they are already among the most highly vetted immigrants to gain admittance to the United States, going through a grueling process that takes 18 to 24 months on average. Democratic Representatives John Conyers and Zoe Lofgren said the administration s decision  is an abdication of our moral authority, and an abandonment of the very values that make America great.  Republican Representative Raul Labrador, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee s immigration subcommittee, said in a statement the lower cap sets a  more manageable level  for refugee admissions. The Wednesday report said that at the end of 2016, the estimated refugee population worldwide reached 22.5 million, an increase of 1.1 million in just one year. (For report, click: tmsnrt.rs/2yHEKpk) Administration officials said one reason for the lower cap is that Department of Homeland Security staff are being re-directed to deal with a growing backlog of cases of people already in the United States and seeking asylum for fear of persecution. The State Department report said there are now nearly 300,000 asylum applications pending with DHS. Refugees, as opposed to asylees, apply to come to the United States while they are still overseas. DHS officials who specialize in processing refugees abroad are being re-assigned to handle asylum cases in the United States, a change from previous practice. Officials warned that the final number of refugees allowed to come into the United States next year will depend on DHS   interviewing capacity.   But this number was reached after taking a look at these requirements, and we believe that we can get into the ballpark of this number, of this ceiling,  one U.S. official said. There are at least 58,000 refugees who were ready for travel under the 2017 fiscal year quota and weren t able to come to the United States because of Trump s lower 2017 cap, said Jen Smyers, of the refugee resettlement agency Church World Service. Of those, around 22,000 already had guarantees from agencies that handle refugee resettlement in the United States, she said. Immigration law requires the administration to submit the refugee report to Congress before the start of each fiscal year, and then consult with top members of relevant committees prior to the start of the fiscal year on Oct. 1. Congressional officials received the administration s report in hard-copy form on Wednesday less than three hours before a scheduled consultation between cabinet officials and top Republicans and Democrats in the House and Senate, one Congressional aide said. The late delivery of the report makes the consultation close to meaningless, aides complained. In 2016, the Obama administration released its own refugee report on Sept. 15.  If we have not received the report in advance, there is pretty much nothing to consult on,  said the aide, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Refugee advocacy groups said that while previous consultations had been close to the deadline set for announcing the cap, it was unusual for the report to be sent to Congress on the same day as the consultation meeting. ",1
18859,"Venezuelan leader blasts Rajoy, mocks Trump","CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s President Nicolas Maduro railed at two of his main international critics on Wednesday, chiding Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy for  meddling  and mocking U.S. President Donald Trump for geographical ignorance. The United States has recently imposed sanctions on Venezuelan officials and Spain is pressing for the European Union to follow suit as international pressure grows on Maduro over his record on human rights and democracy.   Why is the global right wing so obsessed with our homeland?  leftist Maduro responded in an address on state TV.  Lampooning  little Mariano  for mispronouncing his name  Madero , Maduro said the conservative leader should focus instead on Spain s internal problems, Catalonia s independence push, and Europe s problematic relations with Washington.   Forget talking about Venezuela, which is a homeland of dignity,  Maduro said.  I reject and repudiate Mariano Rajoy s meddling, rude, absurd comments against Venezuela.  Maduro faces global criticism that he has turned Venezuela into a dictatorship with the creation of an all-powerful Constituent Assembly, jailing of political opponents and quashing of protests this year in which 125 people died.  The United States has issued several rounds of sanctions against Venezuela and Spain is pushing the European Union to adopt restrictive measures against members of Maduro s government. Having in recent days labeled Trump a  Hitler  and  imperial emperor  supporting violent coup-plotters in Venezuela, Maduro took aim this time at the Republican s intellect.  Donald Trump doesn t even know where Venezuela is. Give him a map, and he can t find Venezuela,  the Venezuelan leader said of Trump, widely ridiculed last week for referring to a non-existent African country  Nambia . Maduro s comments were a response to remarks by Trump and Rajoy after a White House meeting on Tuesday. The Venezuelan president has not yet commented on the opposition s decision to boycott talks scheduled for Wednesday with the government in the Dominican Republic in hope of resolving the OPEC nation s deep political crisis. The government had eagerly promoted the talks, while the opposition was reluctant from the outset, saying there was no sign of possible concessions.  The moment came to say  we want concrete steps, not good intentions ,  Luis Florido, spokesman for the opposition negotiating team, told Reuters in an interview on Wednesday.  We can t go to the Dominican Republic and just talk about anything ... We have learnt from the errors of past processes,  he added, referring to failed Vatican-led talks in 2016. The opposition wants a date for the next presidential election, due by the end of 2018, with guarantees it will be free and fair. It is also calling for freedom for hundreds of jailed activists, a foreign humanitarian aid corridor and respect for the opposition-led congress. Maduro repeatedly calls opposition leaders pawns of the United States intent on toppling him by force. He says the Constituent Assembly, elected in August in a vote boycotted by the opposition and condemned by various foreign powers, has brought peace to the nation of 30 million. ",1
18860,"Opposition says 150 civilians killed in Russian, Syrian raids on Idlib","AMMAN (Reuters) - Russian and Syrian jets killed at least 150 civilians and injured dozens in over a week of heavy bombing that shattered a  six-month halt in intensive aerial raids in opposition-held northwestern parts of Syria, opposition rescue workers said on Wednesday. The renewed bombing campaign came after an array of jihadist rebels led by the former Qaeda offshoot in Syria last week waged a wide-scale offensive against government-controlled areas in northern Hama.  We have pulled 152 bodies and we have rescued 279 civilians since the Russian and regime bombing campaign,  said Salem Abu al Azem, a senior rescue worker from the opposition-run Civil Defence in Idlib, adding bodies were still being pulled out of the wreckage of buildings flattened by air raids. Russia s defense ministry says it is attacking hard-line Islamist militants. It denies accusations it has targeted infrastructure and medical centers to force rebels into local truces that effectively restore President Bashar al Assad s  grip on the country. Civil defense officials and other humanitarian aid workers have documented the destruction of six hospitals, five defense centers, and power stations in the first few days of the bombing campaign alongside hitting camps where displaced civilians have been sheltering. Rebels and witnesses differentiate easily Russian jets from Syrian planes with the former flying in sorties at high  altitudes making drops with devastating impact. The strikes began with intensive bombing of towns and cities in southern Idlib where the jihadists have a large presence but in recent days have spread to most towns across the province that borders Turkey. Thousands of families have fled from towns such as Jisr al Shqour and Jabal al Zawya to rural areas less exposed to daily bombing and shelling, aid workers said. The bombing campaign however comes shortly after a tripartite deal struck by Moscow, Ankara and Tehran to deploy an observer force in Idlib, a province where the former al Qaeda Syrian offshoot has cemented its control after it crushed opponents. The Kremlin said earlier this week Russia s president Vladimir Putin was expected to meet his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan on a visit to Ankara on Thursday. Syrian rebel officials says Turkey wants to get the approval of Moscow, the power with the dominant role in Syria, to press ahead with its widely anticipated plan to deploy troops in Idlib. ",1
18861,Western Sahara independence emissary refuses to leave Lima airport,"LIMA (Reuters) - An emissary of an independence movement in the Western Sahara has spent two weeks in Lima airport and refuses to leave, after she was denied entry to Peru for alleged political activities on a prior visit, Peru s foreign ministry said on Wednesday. Jadiyetu El Mohtar is a Spanish citizen who describes herself as the ambassador to Peru for a disputed area in the Western Sahara known as the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR). Peru is one of a few dozen countries that has recognized the self-declared SADR, which the Polisario independence movement claims is a separate state from Morocco. SADR is not recognized as a state by the United Nations and Peru suspended diplomatic ties with SADR in 1996.   El Mohtar had hoped to help reestablish those ties, she told Reuters by phone from the international arrivals area of Lima s airport. She said she was awaiting an appeal to the decision to block her entry. Peru said El Mohtar had violated the terms of a tourist visa by taking part in political activities during a previous visit. It has refused to grant her another visa and urged her to comply with an order to fly back to Spain. El Mohtar has denied any wrongdoing and said her stay in Peru in July and August included meetings with environmentalists and feminists and did not violate migratory laws.  I am sleeping on an inflatable mattress,  El Mohtar said.  I have come to work to pave the way for re-establishing diplomatic relations with Peru.  Peru s foreign affairs ministry said it was not considering reestablishing diplomatic ties with SADR and does not recognize Polisario representatives as diplomats. El Mohtar said she has visited Colombia, Ecuador and Cuba without any problem. Earlier this year, Peru banned a Canadian activist and a U.S. journalist from Peru after they screened a film critical of a mining company in an Andean region while on tourist visas. In April, the U.N. Security Council unanimously backed attempts to restart talks between Morocco and Polisario over the Western Sahara conflict, and extended its peacekeeping mission there for another year. ",1
18862,"Schaeuble to head German parliament, unblocking coalition talks","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany took a first decisive step on Wednesday toward forming a new government when its veteran finance minister, conservative Wolfgang Schaeuble, agreed to become president of the parliament, clearing the way for another party to take his job. Chancellor Angela Merkel will hope that Schaeuble, deeply respected in Germany for helping to steer the euro zone through its debt crisis, can stamp his authority on a fractious Bundestag lower house that will include two more parties after Sunday s federal election. Merkel must assemble Germany s first three-way coalition since the 1950s after her conservatives lost support and a far-right party, the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD), entered parliament for the first time in half a century. In a sign of the challenges ahead, Andrea Nahles, the Social Democrats  newly elected parliamentary leader, told reporters her party would hit conservatives  squarely in the jaw  after four years as junior partner in a Merkel-led  grand coalition . Merkel s most realistic coalition option now is a deal with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), returning to parliament after a four-year hiatus, and the Greens. But the parties disagree on issues such as energy, Europe and migration, complicating the path to a so-called  Jamaica  coalition - a reference to the parties  colors:  black, yellow and green, which are also those of the Jamaican flag. Schaeuble, 75, who emerged as one of Europe s most influential politicians during the euro zone crisis, will bring unprecedented weight to the role of Bundestag president, normally a low-profile position. His willingness to quit as finance minister after eight years in the post makes it easier for the FDP to join a Merkel-led coalition. The FDP, who are as fiscally hawkish as Schaeuble, have said they want his old job.  As an outstanding personality Wolfgang Schaeuble possesses a natural authority that is of particular importance in these times,  said FDP leader Christian Lindner, himself seen as a likely successor at the finance ministry. Lindner s deputy, Wolfgang Kubicki, another possible candidate for the post, told the RND newspaper chain that Schaeuble s move showed Merkel s openness to a  Jamaica  coalition. He also underscored his party s call for a shift in fiscal policy. Schaeuble was criticized in southern Europe, especially Greece, for his insistence on tax hikes and spending cuts at a time of deep recession, but is popular at home for balancing the books and presiding over high growth and low unemployment. European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, speaking in Munich, said he did not think Schaeuble s departure would soften the EU s approach to heavily indebted Greece.  The austerity measures will be continued by those who carried them out together with Wolfgang Schaeuble,  he said. The Free Democrats, with a voter support base among Germany s small and medium-sized businesses, are as committed to budgetary discipline as Schaeuble but less pro-European, meaning Wednesday s news drew a mixed reception from the euro zone.  I don t think there will be radical changes in German economic policy if the FDP replaces him,  said one official close to euro zone policy-making.  The FDP are also hardliners on deficits.  But another euro zone official said the euro zone was losing  one of the most pro-European politicians I know  and instead getting a party markedly cooler on political integration. Italian Finance Minister Pier Carlo Padoan told the Handelsblatt newspaper he would miss Schaeuble s steady hand.  Wolfgang Schaeuble was a loyal discussion partner, serious, competent and also a good friend,  he said. Merkel emerged from Sunday s election a weakened figure  after her conservatives, still the largest bloc in the Bundestag, bled support to the AfD. But the exit of Schaeuble, the most powerful counterweight to the long-serving chancellor, could paradoxically strengthen her position. As Bundestag president, Schaeuble will not be involved in coalition negotiations, removing one strong-minded negotiator from the table and potentially giving Merkel a freer hand. Coalition negotiations will only begin in earnest after Oct. 15, when the conservatives hope to wrest power from the Social Democrats in a state election in Lower Saxony. By law, the new parliament must convene for its first session 30 days after the election, so by Oct. 24 at the latest. ",1
18863,"Avocet's convoy in Burkina Faso strikes landmine, killing two","OUAGADOUGOU (Reuters) - Two paramilitary police officers were killed and two others wounded in Burkina Faso when a convoy carrying fuel to the Inata gold mine hit a landmine, Avocet Mining Plc and the government said on Wednesday. Nobody immediately claimed responsibility for the incident although security analysts have attributed other recent attacks in gold-rich northern Burkina Faso to a new local jihadist group known as Ansaroul Islam.  The explosion destroyed the leading vehicle, killing two gendarmes and seriously wounding two others,  the defense ministry said in a statement. The explosion was caused by an improvised explosive device on the road from the town of Djibo, about 150 kilometers (90 miles) north of the capital Ouagadougou, it added. The mining firm said it would review security measures and take measures to ensure the safety of the mine and its employees. Burkina Faso, like other countries in West Africa, has been targeted sporadically by jihadist groups, including one founded by a local radical preacher, Ibrahim Dicko, who was released from prison in Mali in 2015. Most attacks have been along its remote northern border with Mali, which has seen activity by Islamist militants for more than a decade. A security source said that short bursts of gunfire rang out briefly overnight near the Inata mine as an anti-terror unit of the paramilitary police pursued the suspected attackers. Suspected Islamist militants killed at least 18 people and wounded several during a raid on a restaurant in Burkina Faso s capital in August. Shares in Avocet closed down 4.9 percent after initially falling some 10 percent on the London stock exchange. Avocet had said earlier this month that its unit, Societe des Mines de Belahouro (SMB), which operates the Inata gold mine, may file for insolvency after a loan repayment freeze with its creditors expired. The company owns 90 percent of the Inata Gold Mine that produced 72,485 ounces of gold in 2016. Avocet is struggling to keep the mine operating after former workers seized a shipment of gold last year. Its shares have dropped nearly 60 percent this year. ",1
18864,Government will take over burned Myanmar land: minister,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar s government will manage the redevelopment of villages torched during violence in Rakhine state that has sent nearly half a million Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh, a minister was reported on Wednesday as saying. The plan for the redevelopment of areas destroyed by fires, which the government has blamed on Rohingya insurgents, is likely to raise concern about prospects for the return of the 480,000 refugees, and compound fears of ethnic cleansing.  According to the law, burnt land becomes government-managed land,  Minister for Social Development, Relief and Resettlement Win Myat Aye told a meeting in the Rakhine state capital of Sittwe, the Global New Light of Myanmar newspaper said. Win Myat Aye also heads a committee tasked with implementing recommendations on solving Rakhine s long-simmering tensions. Citing a disaster management law, he said in a meeting with authorities on Tuesday that redevelopment would  be very effective . The law says the government oversees reconstruction in areas damaged in disasters, including conflict. There was no elaboration on any plan or what access to their old villages any returning Rohingya could expect. The minister was not immediately available for comment. Human rights groups using satellite images have said about half of more than 400 Rohingya villages in the north of Rankine state have been burned in the violence. Refugees arriving in Bangladesh have accused the army and Buddhist vigilantes of mounting a campaign of violence and arson aimed at driving Rohingya out of Myanmar. In Washington, lawmakers in the U.S. Congress condemned the treatment of the Rohingya and some questioned the former Obama administration s decision to lift sanctions on Myanmar after a civilian-led government came to power. Ed Royce, Republican chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, told a hearing the Myanmar government s response to the crisis had been  appalling.  He said national leader Aung San Suu Kyi had a duty to speak out and that her statements on the crisis had been  widely off the mark.   Perpetrators of this ethnic cleansing must be condemned in the strongest possible terms,  he said. Ted Yoho, Republican chair of the subcommittee, said the military crackdown had been characterized by  sickening crimes against humanity  and said Washington should look at what policy options were available to stop the military violence and encourage the government to take a firmer stand against it. The Trump administration has stepped up its criticism of the Myanmar military s behavior, but has refrained from using the terms  ethnic cleansing  or  crimes against humanity  and given no indication of plans to re-impose sanctions on the country where it competes for influence with strategic rival China. Buddhist-majority Myanmar has rejected U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing of Rohingya Muslims in response to coordinated attacks by Rohingya insurgents on the security forces on Aug. 25. It has also rejected accusations of crimes against humanity leveled this week by Human Rights Watch. The government has said about half of Rohingya villages have been abandoned, but blames insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army for attacking civilians. It says nearly 500 people have been killed since Aug. 25, nearly 400 of them insurgents. The violence and the refugee exodus is the biggest crisis that the government of Nobel peace laureate Suu Kyi has faced since it came to power last year in a transition from nearly 50 years of military rule. Myanmar considers the Rohingya illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and bouts of suppression and strife have flared for decades. Most Rohingya are stateless. Suu Kyi has faced scathing criticism and calls for her Nobel prize to be withdrawn. She denounced rights violations in an address last week and vowed that abusers would be prosecuted. She also said any refugees verified as coming from Myanmar under a 1992 process agreed with Bangladesh would be allowed back. Suu Kyi has little, if any, control over the security forces under a military-drafted constitution that also bars her from the presidency and gives the military veto power over political reform. Many refugees are gloomy about their chances of going home, saying they fear they lack the paperwork they expect would be demanded to prove they came from Myanmar. Myanmar is due to take a party of diplomats to the conflict zone on Thursday to let them see the situation. A group of aid organizations said on Tuesday the total number of refugees who had fled to Bangladesh since Aug. 25 had been revised up to 480,000, after 35,000 people were found to have been missed out of the previous tally. Aid agencies say refugees are still arriving, though at a slower pace. They have an overall plan to help 1.2 million people, including 200,000 Rohingya who were already in camps in Bangladesh and 300,000 people in  host communities .  They have absolutely nothing,  U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi said in Geneva after returning from a visit to the camps in Bangladesh.  It is very clear the cause of this crisis is in Myanmar but that the solution is also in Myanmar,  he said.   The risk of spread of terrorist violence in this particular region is very, very high  unless the issue was resolved, he warned. Grandi said he had not been informed about government plans for redevelopment but it had to include all communities.  If development is not inclusive, it will not be addressing the root causes and solve the problem,  he said. ",1
18865,Baghdad piles pressure on Iraqi Kurds to reverse overwhelming independence vote,"BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Baghdad heaped pressure on Iraq s Kurds on Wednesday, demanding they cancel their overwhelming vote for independence while parliament urged the Iraqi central government to send troops to take control of vital oil fields held by Kurdish forces. Stepping up efforts to isolate autonomous Kurdish-held northern Iraq, whose people endorsed secession in a referendum on Monday that angered neighboring countries, Baghdad demanded that foreign governments close their diplomatic missions in the Kurdish capital Erbil. Final results released on Wednesday showed nearly 93 percent in favor of independence, and 7.3 percent against. More than 3.3 million people, or 72 percent of eligible voters, took part in Monday s ballot, according to the electoral commission. The referendum has stirred fears of a new regional conflict. An Iraqi armed forces delegation headed to neighboring Iran to coordinate military efforts, apparently as part of retaliatory measures taken by the government in Baghdad following the vote. Iran and Turkey also oppose any move toward Kurdish secession and their armies have started joint exercises near their borders with Iraqi Kurdistan in recent days. Iraq and Turkey have also held joint military drills. Foreign airlines began suspending flights to Kurdish airports after the Iraqi Civil Aviation Authority said on Wednesday that international flights to Erbil and Sulaimaniya would be suspended from 1500 GMT. Kurdish authorities rejected Baghdad s demands that they should annul the referendum as a condition for dialogue and hand over control of their international airports. On Wednesday evening, Kurdish Rudaw TV reported that the Kurdistan Regional Government had offered to hold talks with Baghdad about hosting Iraqi observers at Erbil and Sulaimaniya airports to help defuse the crisis. Turkey, which has threatened to impose sanctions on the Kurds, said its border with northern Iraq remained open, although it may not remain so. The number of trucks passing through had however decreased. Home to the region s largest Kurdish population, Turkey has been battling a three-decade insurgency in its largely Kurdish southeast and fears the referendum will inflame separatist tension at home. For their part, Kurdish leaders in neighboring Syria said the KRG referendum could bolster their cause for autonomy in negotiations with the Damascus government. Two meetings so far on the matter had gone nowhere, they told Reuters. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and Russian President Vladimir Putin, who have stressed the need for Iraq s borders to remain unchanged, will meet in Ankara on Thursday. Russia s interest in the region is growing. Oil major Rosneft (ROSN.MM) is increasing investment in Kurdistan and the Kurds have been developing strong ties with Moscow. The Russian Foreign Ministry warned Iraq and the Kurds against taking any steps that might destabilize the Middle East after the referendum.  The Kurds consider Monday s referendum to be an historic step in a generations-old quest for a state of their own. Iraq considers the vote unconstitutional, especially as it was held not only within official KRG territory itself but also on disputed territory held by Kurds elsewhere in northern Iraq. The United States, major European countries and nearby Turkey and Iran strongly opposed the referendum, which they described as destabilizing at a time when all sides are still fighting against Islamic State (IS) militants. Iraqi Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani announced on Tuesday evening that the  yes  vote had won.  The outcome has caused anger in Baghdad, where parliament, in a session boycotted by Kurdish lawmakers, asked Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to send troops to the Kurdish-held region of Kirkuk to take control of its oilfields. Kurdish Peshmerga forces took Kirkuk, a multi-ethnic region, in 2014 when the Iraqi army fled in the face of IS which overran about a third of Iraq. The Kurds prevented Kirkuk s huge oil resources from falling into the militants  hands.  The government has to bring back the oilfields of Kirkuk under the control of the oil ministry,  the resolution backed by parliament in Baghdad said.     The area, long claimed by the Kurds, is also home to Turkmen and Arab communities, who opposed the independence vote, although the KRG included the area in the referendum. Barzani, who is KRG president, has said the vote is not binding, but meant to provide a mandate for negotiations with Baghdad and neighboring countries over the peaceful secession of the region from Iraq. Baghdad has rejected talks. Abadi, a moderate from Iraq s Shi ite Arab majority, is under pressure to take punitive measures against the Kurds. Hardline Iranian-backed Shi ite groups have already threatened to march on Kirkuk. The Kurds were left without a state of their own when the Ottoman Empire crumbled a century ago. Around 30 million are scattered through northern Iraq, southeastern Turkey and parts of Syria and Iran. The autonomous region they control in Iraq is the closest the Kurds have come in modern times to a state. It has flourished, largely remaining at peace while the rest of Iraq has been in a continuous state of civil war for 14 years. Since the fall of Saddam Hussein, they have had to carefully balance their ambitions for full independence with the threat of a backlash from their neighbors and the reluctance of Washington to redraw borders. In the past four years they achieved a measure of economic independence by opening a route to sell oil through pipelines to a port in Turkey. But that still leaves them at the mercy of Ankara, which draws a firm line at formal independence. The Kurds say the referendum acknowledges their contribution in confronting Islamic State after it overwhelmed the Iraqi army. Iraq s Kurds have been close allies of the United States since Washington secured their protection from Saddam in 1991. But the United States has long encouraged the Kurds to avoid unilateral steps so as not to jeopardize the stability of Iraq or antagonize Turkey.  The U.S. State Department said it was  deeply disappointed  by the decision to conduct the referendum, while the European Union regretted that the Kurds had failed to heed its call not to hold the vote. ",1
18866,"Rescue ship says Libyan coast guard shot at and boarded it, seeking migrants","ROME (Reuters) - A Libyan coast guard vessel fired shots and boarded a humanitarian ship in the Mediterranean on Tuesday, demanding that the migrants on board be handed over to them, a spokesman for the Mission Lifeline charity said.  The Libyan man said:  This is our territory,  said Axel Steier, a spokesman for the German-based charity that performed its first rescues on Tuesday.  After a while, they fired shots,  he said, probably into the air or sea. No one was wounded. Afterward two Libyans boarded the Lifeline ship to try to persuade them to hand over some 70 migrants they had just taken off a wooden boat in international waters.   We told them we don t return migrants to Libya. After a while, they gave up,  Steier said. The two men spent about 15 minutes on board, he said. A Libyan coast guard spokesman in Tripoli declined to comment, saying he was seeking information. Italy s coast guard, which coordinates rescues, did not respond to repeated telephone calls. It was the latest incident reported between the Libyan coast guard and humanitarian rescue ships operating off North Africa. Financed, trained and equipped by Italy, the Tripoli-based coastguard is intercepting a growing number of migrant boats. Last month, the Libyan coast guard ordered a Spanish rescue vessel to sail to Tripoli or risk being fired upon, though it later let it go. The worsening security situation has prompted several groups to halt rescue operations, and those who remain tend to patrol further from shore.     This year the Libyan coast guard had stopped 16,567 people before they were rescued and taken to Italy, according to the International Organization for Migration. But overall departures are down more than 20 percent and they dropped more than 80 percent in August after an armed group in Sabratha clamped down on smuggling. Italy is counting on the Libyan coast guard together with the Tripoli and municipal governments to put a halt to migrant arrivals from a country that has been torn by civil war and factional fighting since the ouster of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.  The policy has been harshly criticized by humanitarian groups because of the dire conditions of Libya s detention centers and the inhumane treatment of migrants in general in Libya. Despite recent declines in departures, almost 1,000 migrants were rescued on Tuesday. Save the Children s Vos Hestia ship picked up some 750 people in six different rescues, a spokeswoman said, and the Lifeline had more than 200 on board. SOS Mediterranee s Aquarius ship picked up 20 Libyans on Monday.   There is no longer any work in Libya and you risk being attacked,  a 26-year-old Libyan rescued told members of the SOS crew.  It is impossible to live in Libya, it has become too dangerous.   ",1
18867,Russia says general killed in Syria held senior post in Assad's army,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian general killed in Syria had been seconded to the Syrian government as a military commander, Russia s military chief of staff said on Wednesday. Moscow has long been a staunch ally of Syria, but the role of the deceased general reveals the extent to which Russia has become an integral part of President Bashar al Assad s ruling system. Lieutenant-General Valery Asapov, 51, was killed on Saturday by shelling from Islamic State positions near Deir al-Zor. He was the chief of staff of Russian forces deployed to the country and later became the commander of Syria s Fifth Corps of volunteers, chief of general staff Valery Gerasimov said. It was known that the Syrian Fifth Attack Troop Corps of volunteers, formed in late 2016, was equipped and advised by the Russians, but Damascus and Moscow had not previously announced it was under Russian command. Speaking at Asapov s funeral, Gerasimov said:  High prestige combined with care were outstanding features of his work.  Of course, those qualities were displayed during his working trip to the Syrian Arab Republic, where he had been deployed from February this year,  Gerasimov said, addressing Asapov s family and colleagues.  He worked as the chief of staff of the group of our forces and then was in command of the Fifth Corps of volunteers ... A treacherous shell cut short his life.  A security specialist, who worked in Syria alongside the Russian and Syrian military, said Asapov was de facto the commander of Syria s Fifth Corps but he may have been listed as chief military adviser on paper.  Syrian officers relied completely on our officers,  he said. Hundreds of people, most of them from the Russian military, attended the funeral at the Federal Military Memorial Cemetery for Asapov who became the highest ranking military officer to be killed in the Syrian war. Inscriptions in Russian and Arabic on some of garlands said they were sent by President al-Assad, Syrian ministers and military commanders. ",1
18868,Rebels close in on east Congo city amid gunfire,"ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Rebels in eastern Congo advanced to the outskirts of the city of Uvira near the Burundi border on Wednesday, residents said, sowing panic and confining thousands of civilians to their homes. The fighting between the Mai-Mai Yakutumba militia and the army was the latest example of mounting insecurity in Democratic Republic of Congo since President Joseph Kabila refused to step down when his mandate expired last December. The violence in eastern and central Congo has displaced over 1.5 million in the past year and revived fears of civil war in a country where conflicts from 1996-2003 killed millions and spawned dozens of armed groups that continue to prey on local populations and exploit natural resources.    Yakutumba fighters, who mostly oppose Kabila, advanced to hillsides about five km (3 miles) outside the lakeside city by mid-afternoon on Wednesday and army reinforcements deployed to try to push them back, according to Lubungula Dem s M Sato, a member of a peace-building advocacy group in Uvira.  The Yakutumba elements started advancing toward Uvira this morning,  M Sato told Reuters.  The gunfire is still ongoing ... Everyone is at home.   The Catholic bishop of Uvira, Sebastien Muyengo, said by telephone that heavy gunfire could be heard on-and-off in the hills throughout the day but that the shooting had mostly abated by early evening. Local army spokesman Dieudonne Kasereka said the military remained in control of Uvira, which lies about 25 km (15 miles) west of Burundi s capital Bujumbura, where low-level political violence erupts periodically. Mai-Mai Yakutumba, which was formed in 2007 by local militiamen opposed to integration in Congo s national army, says it is spearheading a coalition of armed groups committed to driving government forces from the area.  It briefly seized several towns during clashes with the army in late June that forced 80,000 people to flee their homes [nL3N1JU48L}. The fighting has affected local gold mining operations.  Canada s Banro Corp said on Tuesday it had temporarily suspended operations at its Namoya mine in a neighboring province due to road closures forced by armed groups, the latest in a series of security incidents to hit its mines in the area. U.N. peacekeepers, sharply criticized in 2012 for failing to prevent eastern Congo s largest city of Goma from falling to another rebellion, intervened in Uvira on Wednesday to drive off several purported militiamen who attacked the city s prison, a security source said. A U.N. spokeswoman could not be immediately reached for comment. ",1
18869,"Iraq Kurdish vote may benefit Syrian Kurds, say their leaders","BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Iraqi Kurdish vote for independence could bolster Syria s own Kurds if it pushes the Syrian government to negotiate over autonomy, Syrian Kurdish leaders said on Wednesday.  Top Kurdish politician Ilham Ahmed told Reuters that officials from Syria s Kurdish-led regions had already met with the Damascus government twice, but the Russian-brokered dialogue went nowhere. Damascus has opposed autonomy plans that have grown during Syria s six-year-old conflict. But this week, the foreign minister said the government is open to talks with Kurds after the fight against Islamic State militants ends.          The impacts, if they continue like (these) comments...then they will be positive,  said Ahmed.  Monday s referendum in Iraq could also drive Kurdish authorities there to open routes with the autonomous regions that Syrian Kurds and their allies have set up in northern Syria, she added.  Iraqi Kurds held their referendum in defiance of their U.S. ally, the Baghdad government, and neighboring Turkey and Iran. The vote delivered a resounding  yes  to split from Iraq, but is not binding. Across the border in Syria, Kurdish leaders say they do not want secession. The Kurdish YPG militia and its allies have carved out cantons in the north since 2011. They have seized vast territory from Islamic State with U.S. help, although Washington opposes their autonomy plans.   With the YPG as a military backbone, the main Syrian Kurdish parties now hold nearly a quarter of the country, and say they seek autonomy as part of a decentralized Syria.  Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has pledged to take back every inch of the country as his army has captured land from rebels and militants with the help of Russia and Iran.   We have always sent messages... that we are ready for talks,  Ahmed said.  We have informed the Russians that they should convince the regime to negotiate.  At both meetings, Damascus  did not appear serious  about talks over the future of the autonomous regions and the demand for a federal system for Syria, she said.  Autonomy does not mean separation.   Another senior Kurdish politician, Fawza Youssef, said the Iraqi referendum likely had a hand in Damascus adopting a more conciliatory tone toward Syria s large Kurdish population.   This is a positive step. And our struggle in the past six years...our military and political victories  play the major role in pushing the Syrian government to negotiate, she said. Kurds in northern Syria support the Iraqi Kurdish right to decide their own future, but do not look to follow the example of this week s vote, Youssef said.    The reality in Syria and Iraq is not the same,  she said. Still, she added,  if there will be exclusion of the Kurdish people, stripping them of political and cultural rights...of course with time this would lead to secession.   Youssef and Ahmed are both senior members of the Kurdish-led authority running the cantons in northern Syria.  Damascus and the YPG have mostly stayed out of each other s way in the war. But tensions have surfaced as both sides with their allies race to capture Deir al-Zor province in eastern Syria. The YPG has been battling Islamic State under a U.S.-backed alliance known as the Syrian Democratic Forces, which includes Arab and other combatants.  The territory the SDF has captured in Deir al-Zor so far serves as a breadbasket and a route for imports into Syria, said Ahmed, who co-chairs the force s political wing.   So if (Damascus) wants to continue with threats, there will be no benefit from this... But if they understand that dialogue is the right way, that would be the better position.   Tensions in eastern Syria might also fuel a shift in the government stance as Damascus might be wary of opening yet another battlefront, she said.  Kurdish-led authorities held elections in northern Syria last week for local community leaders, part of a process that will culminate with electing a parliament. Syria s Kurdish region borders Turkey and the Kurdish government of northern Iraq, which are both hostile toward the YPG. Ankara views the militia as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK) that has waged a three-decade insurgency inside Turkey. Youssef and Ahmed said the vote next door could lead to mending ties with Iraq s Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) if Iraqi Kurdistan faces more pressure.  Turkey and Iran have threatened to impose a blockade. They warn the referendum will spark regional chaos, and fear the spread of separatism among their own Kurdish populations.   If they shut the roads, (the KRG) will have to open a route,  fix relations, and possibly trade with northern Syria, Ahmed said.  That would be good of course.  ",1
18870,Facebook says deleted many fake accounts in German campaign,"FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Facebook said on Wednesday its efforts to fight fake news during Germany s national elections included taking down tens of thousands of fake profiles in the final month of the campaign. Richard Allan, Facebook s vice president of public policy for Europe, Middle East Africa, said the Silicon Valley-based company mounted an array of efforts to ensure the social media network was not used as a platform to manipulate public opinion.  These actions did not eliminate misinformation entirely in this election   but they did make it harder to spread, and less likely to appear in people s News Feeds,  the Facebook executive said in a statement. News feed is the central feature in user profiles whereby they can see updates from people they follow. Chancellor Angela Merkel s Christian Democratic Union secured victory in Sunday s balloting with fewer votes than expected, forcing her to enter complicated coalition talks with various parties to form a new government. The company said it made a stronger push to remove fake accounts when it observed suspicious activity following widely reported foreign interference in the French and U.S. presidential elections over the past year. Besides seeking to encourage civic participation and voter education efforts, it also worked closely with authorities, including the Federal Office for Information Security (BSI), to monitor security threats during the campaign.   Studies concluded that the level of false news was low,  concluded Allan, a former British member of parliament who, in addition to his work for Facebook, has been a member of the House of Lords since 2010. A variety of German political experts and social media watchers had given the campaign largely a clean bill of health in terms of any wide-scale efforts to swing votes in the run-up to voting day. (reut.rs/2yIZRYq)  ",1
18871,Dissident Uzbek writer held on return from exile: wife,"ALMATY (Reuters) - The first prominent dissident to return to Uzbekistan since the death of its long-time leader was detained on arrival on Wednesday, his wife said, raising questions about the new president s efforts to change the country s image. Uzbek police took writer Nurulloh Muhammad Raufkhon away in handcuffs after he landed at Tashkent airport, and sent him to jail after questioning, Gulnara Otakhonova told Reuters in tears. Officers told her to bring him clothes and a lawyer but did not say what he was charged with, she added.  The interior ministry in mainly Muslim ex-Soviet state bordering Afghanistan did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Raufkhon had been in self-imposed exile in Turkey since 2016, when he was placed on a security blacklist after publishing a book that criticized former leader Islam Karimov.  Karimov, held responsible by Western governments for systematic human rights violations during his 25 years in power, died last September. His successor, Shavkat Mirziyoyev, has sought to present himself as a more liberal leader, and this month Raufkhon told Reuters in an interview that, despite harboring some misgivings, he would soon return home. In an open letter to Mirziyoyev last week, Raufkhon said his safe return would  suit the country which is repackaging itself in front of the world community as free and fair since you came to power . Improving Tashkent s image could help Mirziyoyev forge closer ties with the West and attract foreign investment to modernize the economy which has struggled to create enough jobs, forcing millions of Uzbeks to look for work abroad. Raufkhon s wife , said by telephone that she and their son had waited for several hours at the airport before seeing Raufkhon escorted outside in handcuffs, then taken to a police station. As she waited outside the police station later in the day, a police officer told her to hire a lawyer. In the evening, police told her they were taking Raufkhon to jail and instructed her to bring clothes for him, still without stating any charges, Otakhonova said. Steve Swerdlow, Uzbekistan researcher for Human Rights Watch, called Raufkhon s detention  troubling, particularly given reports authorities had informed him about his rehabilitation and the various steps President Mirziyoyev has taken to show this is a new political era in Uzbekistan . Mirziyoyev last month ordered the removal of 16,000 people, including Raufkhon, from the blacklist. But some of his reforms announced since the December election have suffered from setbacks or delays caused, according to Uzbekistan-based foreign diplomats, by interventions of Karimov-era security boss Rustam Inoyatov with whom Mirziyoyev effectively shares power. ",1
18872,Turkey says air force kills 13 in north Iraq air strike,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish jets struck a target in northern Iraq on Wednesday, killing 13 suspected Kurdish PKK fighters, the armed forces said in a statement.   In an air strike in northern Iraq, 13 armed members of a separatist terrorist organization preparing for an attack were neutralized,  the statement said, using a term which Turkey uses to describe Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants. The PKK has been waging an insurgency in Turkey s mainly Kurdish southeast since the 1980s, but also has bases across the border in northern Iraq which Turkey regularly targets.   Turkish troops are also conducting a joint military exercise with Iraqi soldiers near their border after Monday s referendum for Kurdish independence in northern Iraq, which has angered both Ankara and Baghdad.  Turkey fears the referendum, which was overwhelmingly approved, could fuel support for separatism in its southeastern region, and has threatened economic and military measures in response. ",1
18873,"Islamic State claims responsibility for rocket, mortar fire on Kabul airport","CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State claimed responsibility for several explosions that targeted the area in and around Kabul airport on Wednesday hours after U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis arrived in the Afghan capital, the group s AMAQ news agency said.  The news agency said  infiltrators  used SPG-9 rockets and mortars for the attack.  There were no reports of casualties or damage and Mattis was not near the airport when the rockets hit. ",1
18874,U.S. air strike causes casualties as Mattis visits Afghan capital,"KABUL (Reuters) - A U.S. air strike called in to suppress an attack in Kabul on Wednesday as Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was visiting the Afghan capital caused a number of civilian casualties, the NATO-led Resolute Support mission said. The air strike was called in to support an Afghan Special Forces unit battling attackers who hit Kabul airport, but it suffered a missile malfunction,  causing several casualties , the statement said. It gave no details. ",1
18875,'Rain begins with a single drop:' Saudi women rejoice at end of driving ban,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabian women rejoiced at their new freedom to drive on Wednesday, with some taking to the roads even though licenses will not be issued for nine months. Hundreds of others chatted with hiring managers at a Riyadh job fair, factoring in the new element in their career plans: their ability to drive themselves to work.  Saudi Arabia will never be the same again. The rain begins with a single drop,  Manal al-Sharif, who was arrested in 2011 after a driving protest, said in an online statement.      King Salman announced the historic change on Tuesday, ending a conservative tradition which limited women s mobility and was seen by rights activists as an emblem of their suppression. Saudi Arabia was the only remaining country in the world to bar women from driving. At the jobs fair, Sultana, 30, said she had received four job offers since graduating from law school two years ago but turned them down because of transport issues.  My parents don t allow me to use Uber or Careem, so one of my brothers or the driver would need to take me,  she said, referring to dial-a ride companies.  I m so excited to learn how to drive. This will be a big difference for me. I will be independent. I won t need a driver. I can do everything myself.  She plans to start taking driving lessons when her family travels abroad for vacation. Other women weren t waiting. Internet videos showed a handful of women driving cars overnight, even though the ban has not been officially lifted. The move represents a big crack in the laws and social mores governing women in the conservative Muslim kingdom. The guardianship system requires women to have a male relative s approval for most decisions on education, employment, marriage, travel plans and even medical treatment. The new initiative recalls previous modernizing milestones that unnerved conservatives at first but were eventually accepted, such as the 1960s start of state education for girls and the introduction of television. The decree is expected to boost the fortunes of 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who has ascended to the heights of power in the kingdom with an ambitious domestic reform program and assertive foreign policy. A muted response from Saudi s clergy, which has long backed the ban, suggested power shared between the Al Saud dynasty and the Wahhabi religious establishment could be shifting decisively in favor of the royals. Many younger Saudis regard Prince Mohammed s ascent as evidence their generation is taking a central place in running a country whose patriarchal traditions have for decades made power the province of the old and blocked women s progress. Sharif, the activist, described the driving ban s removal  as  just the start to end long-standing unjust laws (that) have always considered Saudi women minors who are not trusted to drive their own destiny.  A driving instructor at a government-run center said women called all day to inquire about registering a license, but he had received no instructions yet from the government. Um Faisal, a mother of six, said her daughters would get licenses as soon as possible.  Years ago, there wasn t work outside the house. But today women need to get out and go places. This generation needs to drive,  she said, clad in a long black abaya. The Saudi ambassador to Washington said on Tuesday women would not need their guardians  permission to get a license, nor to have a guardian in the car when driving. In a country where gender segregation has been strictly enforced for decades in keeping with the austere Wahhabi form of Sunni Islam, the decree means women will have regular contact with unrelated men, such as fellow drivers and traffic police. Other rules have loosened recently, with the government sponsoring concerts deemed un-Islamic by clerics, allowing women into a large sports stadium for the first time and permitting them to dance beside men in a central Riyadh street over the weekend. Amnesty International welcomed the decree as  long overdue  but said there was still a range of discriminatory laws and practices that needed to be overturned. That risks inflaming tensions with influential Wahhabi clerics with whom the ruling Al Saud has enjoyed a close strategic alliance since the kingdom s founding.  The state-backed Council of Religious Scholars expressed support for the king s decree. Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdulaziz Al al-Sheikh, who has repeatedly opposed women working and driving and said letting them into politics may mean  opening the door to evil , has yet to comment. Some Islamist clerics are currently in detention in Saudi Arabia following an apparent crackdown on potential opponents of the kingdom s rulers this month. Bernard Haykel, professor of Near East studies at Princeton University, said the driving announcement may help explain that.   They might have raised a storm against the government by mobilizing opposition in the name of religion. They have been stymied,  he said.  Still, some men expressed outrage at the about-face by prominent clerics, who in the past have sometimes justified the driving ban by saying women s brains are too small or that driving endangered their ovaries.  Whoever says this is permitted is a sinner. Women driving means great evils and this makes them especially sinful,  one Twitter user wrote. Kawthar al-Arbash, a member of the Shura Council, a government advisory body, acknowledged that resistance, saying:  That s how things go. Everything new is accompanied by fears.  ",1
18876,Norway government to rule in minority after centrists abandon talks,"OSLO (Reuters) - Norway s Christian Democratic party withdrew from coalition talks with the government on Wednesday, ending Conservative Prime Minister Erna Solberg s hopes of broadening her minority right-wing cabinet into a center-right majority one. The move may make it more difficult for Solberg to secure backing for her fiscal spending plans and policy proposals, and could even jeopardize her cabinet s long-term survival. Solberg has ruled in a minority government since 2013 with the populist Progress Party. She had hoped to bring the two parties  other backers in parliament, the Christian Democrats and the Liberals, into her cabinet after the four parties combined won a renewed but smaller majority on Sept. 11. While Solberg had needed the support of just one of the two centrist parties previously to push through her policies, she now needs the backing of both in addition to that of her own Conservatives and the Progress Party. But the Christian Democrats, wary of supporting further tax cuts and the government s tough line on immigration, said it would stay out of government even though it preferred Solberg as prime minister over Labour leader Jonas Gahr Stoere. Solberg had previously rejected a proposal from the Liberals and the Christian Democrats to remove Progress from the government in favor of the centrists.  Our alternative for a government did not succeed, but we still wish for good, constructive cooperation,  party leader Knut Arild Hareide of the Christian Democrats told reporters after meeting the three other parties on Wednesday. The Liberals will continue to negotiate with the government, but their potential inclusion in the cabinet would not be sufficient to ensure a majority. The government is due to present its 2018 fiscal spending proposal on Oct. 12 and must negotiate a compromise in parliament by late November or early December. ",1
18877,"Qatar must protect workers from lethal heat, rights group says","DUBAI (Reuters) - Qatar must do more to protect construction workers from heat which often reaches levels that are potentially fatal, Human Rights Watch said on Wednesday. HRW and other rights campaigners are frequent critics of Qatar s treatment of migrant laborers whose working conditions have received additional scrutiny as the country prepares to host the 2022 World Cup. The group said existing regulations only set limits on outdoor work during the period June 15 to Aug. 31, and then only from 11:30 a.m. to 3 p.m.   Climate data shows that weather conditions in Qatar outside those hours and dates frequently reach levels that can result in potentially fatal heat-related illnesses in the absence of appropriate rest,  it said. HRW called authorities also to investigate the causes of migrant worker deaths and publish data on such incidents. In 2013, health authorities reported 520 deaths of workers from Bangladesh, India, and Nepal, HRW said.  Like other wealthy Gulf Arab states, Qatar relies on vast numbers of migrant workers, mostly from the Philippines, South Asia and Africa. Around 2 million migrant workers live in Qatar, outnumbering the local workforce by nearly 20 to one. Some 800,000 work in the construction sector. Unions and labor protests are banned and authorities penalize dissent with jail or deportation. The Qatari government s Communications Office said:  Qatar is committed to its labor reform program and is constantly reviewing its policies to ensure that migrant workers receive the necessary on-site protections.  We continue to coordinate closely with the International Labour Organisation (ILO) and international NGOs to implement reforms that will improve the health, safety and rights of migrant workers,  Sheikh Saif Al Thani, head of the Communications Office, said in a statement sent to Reuters. ",1
18878,Interpol approves membership for State of Palestine over Israeli objections,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Interpol voted on Wednesday to admit the State of Palestine as a member over Israeli objections at the international police organization s general assembly in Beijing. The decision came despite Israeli efforts to delay a vote and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement that the Palestinians  joining the global police agency contravened signed agreements with Israel. Israel had argued that Palestine is not a state and that it  is ineligible to join. Under interim Israeli-Palestinian peace deals, a Palestinian Authority was granted limited self-rule in the occupied West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Shortly before the vote in the Chinese capital, the Israeli Foreign Ministry said Israel s efforts to delay the ballot until next year had failed.   This victory was made possible because of the principled position of the majority of Interpol members,  Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki said in a statement. Interpol said membership applications by the State of Palestine and the Solomon Islands were approved at its annual general assembly by more than the required two-thirds majority of votes. The organization now has 192 members. A Palestinian bid to join last year, at an Interpol conference in Indonesia, was foiled by what Israel said was its diplomatic campaign against it. In 2012, the U.N. General Assembly upgraded the Palestinian Authority s observer status at the United Nations to  non-member state  from  entity , like the Vatican. The step fell short of full U.N. membership, but it had important legal implications in enabling the Palestinians to join the International Criminal Court and other world bodies.    Netanyahu s statement said Palestinian membership of Interpol was one of the issues discussed during a meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump s Middle East envoy, Jason Greenblatt, who is visiting the region.   Netanyahu also raised the Palestinian refusal to condemn an attack on Tuesday in which a Palestinian laborer shot dead three Israeli guards in the Israeli-occupied West Bank.  The actions of the Palestinian leadership in the past few days directly harm the prospects of achieving peace and the Palestinian diplomatic offensive will not go unanswered,  the statement said. Some Israeli media commentators have voiced concern that as an Interpol member, Palestine could ask the organization to issue a  Red Notice , an alert to police worldwide to locate and provisionally arrest an individual, pending extradition. But the procedure does not appear to pose serious legal problems for Israelis such as government officials and military officers whom pro-Palestinian groups have sought to have arrested by local authorities as suspected war criminals during overseas visits. A red notice is not an international arrest warrant, and on its website Interpol notes that it cannot compel any member country to detain an individual named in one. ",1
18879,"After euro zone, Germany's Schaeuble faces new challenge in far-right","BERLIN (Reuters) - In his eight years as German finance minister, Wolfgang Schaeuble earned a reputation in the euro zone as a feisty disciplinarian, insisting on painful austerity measures for debt-ridden countries like Greece. Now poised to become president of Germany s lower house of parliament, the Bundestag, Schaeuble, 75, will instead try to impose discipline on fractious lawmakers, including a far-right, eurosceptic party, following Sunday s federal election. As custodian of Germany s public finances, Schaeuble has proven a trusted, if awkward, ally for Chancellor Angela Merkel, securing for her the support of skeptical lawmakers on the right of their conservative bloc for three Greek bailouts - a feat he achieved by ensuring the aid came with hairshirt austerity. By agreeing to move to the Bundestag, Schaeuble has opened the way for the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) to take over his coveted ministry, helping to unblock talks on a new three-way coalition likely also to include the Greens. To the alarm of Merkel s conservatives, the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) is now the third largest party in the Bundestag - and the highly experienced, resilient Schaeuble is viewed as the best qualified to tame recalcitrant lawmakers. Leading AfD candidate Alexander Gauland has vowed his party would  hunt  the new government, whatever its make-up. Already Germany s longest serving lawmaker, Schaeuble brings to his new job a fierce intellect, constitutional expertise and a sharp tongue he is not afraid to use, even against Merkel.  Do you know what you are doing?  he recalled asking her when she sounded him out about becoming finance minister in 2009.  I m loyal ... but uncomfortable.  So it has proved. Once Merkel s boss before their roles were reversed, Schaeuble dominated Germany s policy response to the euro zone crisis and intervened when he felt the chancellor was on the wrong track - and not only in the field of finance. In November 2015, soon after Merkel opened Germany s borders to migrants pouring in from the Middle East, he said the country risked facing  an avalanche  of refugees triggered by  careless  actions. He subsequently defended Merkel s open-door migrant policy, however, accusing the AfD of fuelling fears.  So far, there is no one in Germany who has received one euro less for his family or his children because refugees have come here,  he said last September. Calling out the AfD in that way will now be a full-time job for Schaeuble, a man who has devoted his career to reunifying Germany and securing its place in a European project he has long championed and tried to strengthen, however controversially in the eyes of many Greeks and others. His laser-like focus on budgetary rigor has seen Germany run a budget surplus for the last three years, though critics say his insistence on austerity policies deepened the euro zone crisis and hampered its economic recovery. Although he is relinquishing the powerful finance ministry, as Bundestag president Schaeuble will technically outrank Merkel. The position ranks second in the state hierarchy after the president of the republic and ahead of the chancellor. He has outranked her before: As head of their Christian Democratic Union (CDU) in 1998 following then-chancellor Helmut Kohl s election loss, Schaeuble named Merkel as his deputy. It was a pairing that would last less than a year and a half. Caught up in a party funding scandal surrounding Kohl, he was forced to resign as party leader in 2000, with Merkel taking over. But Schaeuble is a survivor. Wheelchair-bound since a deranged man shot him at an election campaign event a few days after German reunification in 1990, he lives for the job and signaled before the election his readiness to stay in politics. This drive has won the respect of fellow conservatives and lawmakers from other parties, who want him to bring his unparalleled weight to the role of Bundestag president, normally a low-profile position.  A brilliant speaker with natural authority, he also possesses the tactical wit to rein in AfD MPs if they were to stage calculated affronts against established political culture,  said Carsten Nickel of Teneo Intelligence. Despite his conservative views on financial matters, Schaeuble has been a leading voice calling for better integration of Muslims into German society. As German interior minister in 2006, Schaeuble founded the German Islam Conference. At a 10th anniversary celebration last year, he said there was no question that  Islam belongs to Germany,  but he also underscored the importance of cracking down on criminals and terrorists among the migrants who entered the country. Economic policymakers in southern Europe longing to see the back of him may come to regret his departure as the FDP - now likely to take the finance ministry - is even more hawkish than Schaeuble. The pro-business FDP wants euro zone countries to be able to leave the currency bloc rather than stay under an  interminable rescue policy , and it favors winding down the lending capacity of the euro zone s ESM rescue fund.  Schaeuble is one of the most pro-European politicians that I know, so from a common eurozone perspective it couldn t go better with someone else, let alone an FDP minister,  said one euro zone official.        ",1
18880,NATO chief says Europe has interest in helping Afghanistan,"KABUL (Reuters) - NATO countries have strong reasons to maintain support for Afghanistan and will respond to U.S. President Trump s call for more troops and funding, the alliance s Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said on Wednesday.  It is in the interest of Europe, of NATO allies to help stabilize Afghanistan,  Stoltenberg said during a visit to Kabul with U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, which was overshadowed by a militant attack on Kabul airport. Trump made clear last month that he expected NATO to step up its contribution in Afghanistan when he announced a tougher new strategy against the Taliban and other militant forces. However the political reaction in Europe has been mixed with little public appetite for more involvement. In Germany, where Chancellor Angela Merkel is working to form a government after last weekend s election, her conservative party backs the mission. But senior figures from her two likely coalition partners, the liberal Free Democrats and environmental Greens, have expressed scepticism. In Italy, the anti-establishment 5-Star party, riding high in opinion polls ahead of elections early next year, has said it would pull Italy s force of more than 1,000 troops out.  Germany has been a strong supporter of the NATO mission in Afghanistan for many many years,  Stoltenberg said.  Germany is the lead nation in the north (of Afghanistan) and I m absolutely certain that Germany will continue to provide support.  Stoltenberg said NATO assistance was aimed at ensuring Afghanistan did not become  a safe haven for international terrorism.  But he reiterated that NATO troops would not be returning to the combat role they ended in 2014 and would continue training and advising Afghan forces as well as providing equipment and funding.  We are not going back to the big combat operations we had before. It will still be a non-combat operation.  Stoltenberg said Afghan forces, which have suffered thousands of casualties fighting the insurgency, had been  managing a very difficult situation . But they had prevented the Taliban from gaining control of any major provincial centers and would be boosted by plans to strengthen the Afghan Air Force and Special Forces units.  There will be setbacks but if we look at what we have achieved so far, we have been able to build a strong Afghan national security force and we ll build it even stronger.  ",1
18881,'Red Scare' puts pressure on Indonesian president,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian police will deploy as many as 30,000 personnel to guard an anti-communist rally on Friday, as the country s military chief and Islamist groups stoke fears of a hard left revival in the world s most populous Muslim nation. Protesters will gather outside Indonesia s parliament on the eve of the 52nd anniversary of the murder of six Army generals and a young lieutenant by rebel armed forces personnel, an incident that led to a retaliatory pogrom that killed at least 500,000 alleged communists. The massacres ushered in more than 30 years of authoritarian rule under Suharto, the former general who led the communist purge.  Earlier this month, Armed Forces Commander General Gatot Nurmantyo instructed military officers to screen a Suharto-era propaganda film depicting the deaths of the generals and the crushing of an alleged Communist coup to  prevent what happened in 1965 from recurring . The three-and-a-half-hour film, criticized by historians for inaccuracies and failing to depict the massacre of leftists, has been widely shown in villages and mosques in the past week. During Suharto s rule, it was broadcast annually on the night of Sept 30th, the date of the alleged abortive coup. It was also compulsory viewing for students.  Indonesia s Communist Party, once one of the world s largest, remains outlawed, and there appears to be little evidence of a Marxist ideology taking hold in Indonesia. Instead, analysts and government advisers said, the fomenting of a  red scare  was aimed at Indonesia s reformist president Joko Widodo, widely known as Jokowi, and long falsely accused of being the descendant of communists.  Indonesia s growing economic ties with China are also frequently cited by those concerned about rising communist influence in Indonesia.  I see Jokowi being the factor behind the rise of communism in Indonesia because of the cooperative relationship with China,  said Yudi Syamhudi Suyuti, one of the protest organizers and a failed political candidate for the opposition Gerindra Party, in comments posted online. Friday s rally has been organized by hardline Islamist groups led by the Islamic Defenders Front (FPI).  We reject and fight against the awakening of the Indonesian Communist Party,  Slamet Maarif, the chairman of the rally s organizing committee and spokesman for the FPI, told Reuters. The FPI led huge rallies last year that successfully demanded the jailing for blasphemy of Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, Jakarta s then governor and an ethnic Chinese Christian. Maarif predicted 50,000 protesters would join Friday s rally, which will also urge parliament to overturn a presidential regulation allowing the government to ban mass organizations deemed a threat to national unity. Hizbut Tahrir, an Islamist group that wants Indonesia to become a caliphate, was disbanded under the regulation in July. A Jakarta police spokesman, Argo Yuwono, expected only 15,000 people to turn up.   We will deploy 30,000 police personnel,  he said on Tuesday, noting the risk that more could arrive. During an anti-Purnama rally in December last year, police arrested eight people for treason in an alleged plot for protesters to  occupy the parliament building.  We have anticipated all [possibilities],  Yuwono said. On Wednesday, a national police spokesman Setyo Wasisto, said police would adapt their deployment depending on the number of protesters.  We have prepared for defending parliament,  he said. Tobias Basuki, an Indonesian political analyst, said Nurmantyo had clear political ambitions. The armed forces chief, due to retire in March, courted further controversy this month when he falsely claimed 5,000 weapons had been illegally imported  on behalf  of Widodo.  There s not much evidence at all of a communist revival but as we head to the 2019 [presidential] election the communist fear-mongering is being used by various groups,  said Basuki.    We are seeing a coalescing conspiracy theory from military groups and Islamist groups for political purposes.  Nurmantyo has declined to publicly comment after the chief security minister and defense minister corrected his claim about the imported weapons. A military spokesman, Major General Wuryanto, said Nurmantyo did not  carry out political moves .  Widodo was the subject of a smear campaign during the 2014 presidential election claiming he was a descendant of Communists and had Chinese ancestry. The campaign, mostly prosecuted on social media, coincided with a fall in Widodo s high approval ratings at the time. In a sign of the potency and persistence of the rumors, both Widodo and his mother Sujiatmi Notomiharjo have this year publicly denied any communist links. The military has resisted attempts by rights groups and academics to discuss the 1965 slaughter, one of the worst mass murders of the 20th century. It s not popular with segments of the public, either. Earlier this month, protesters clashed with police as they tried to break up a seminar in Jakarta on the 1965 killings.  Bonnie Triyana, an Indonesian historian, said the country has never fully acknowledged or become reconciled over the anti-communist killings even after Indonesia became a democracy in 1998. Most Indonesians had little idea of the scale of the pogrom, he said.  Politicians today exploit the collective amnesia of the people,  he said. ",1
18882,Iranians pour onto the streets to mourn soldier beheaded in Syria,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Thousands of people took to the streets of Tehran on Wednesday to bury a soldier whose beheading by Islamic State has come to symbolize the righteousness of Iran s military involvement in Syria. In what has become an iconic image on Iranian media, 25-year-old Revolutionary Guard Mohsen Hojaji is shown looking calmly into camera after his capture as he is led away by an insurgent with blood on his face, holding a knife. The photograph was posted by Islamic State. Even Iranians critical of their government s military intervention in Syria to help President Bashar al-Assad have taken to social media to express their admiration for Hojaji, who was killed last month. The Revolutionary Guards, Iran s most powerful military force who also oversee an economic empire worth billions of dollars, were initially quiet about their role in Syria. But in recent years, as casualties have mounted, they have been more outspoken about their engagement, framing it as an existential struggle against the Sunni Muslim extremists of Islamic State who see Shi ites, the majority of Iran s population, as apostates. Guards killed in Syria and Iraq are touted as protectors of Shi ite holy sites and labeled  defenders of the shrine  on websites linked to the Guards. Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei prayed over Hojaji s coffin and met with his family on Wednesday, state media reported. Large crowds carrying red flags, symbolizing martyrdom, and pictures of Hojaji processed to the funeral in Tehran, pictures on state TV showed. Parliament speaker Ali Larijani and former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad were among the dignitaries who attended, state media said.  Look at what a stir the martyrdom of this youth has created in the country,  Khamenei said, according to his website. Hojaji s funeral comes only three days before Ashura, one of the most important religious events for Shi ites and a traditional period of mourning which commemorates the death of Imam Hussein, the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed. The Guards recovered Hojaji s body through a deal between Islamic State, the Syrian army and Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah. More than 300 IS fighters and about 300 family members were allowed to evacuate Syria s western border with Lebanon under the ceasefire agreement.  On June 7, Islamic State claimed an attack on Tehran s parliament and the mausoleum of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the founder of the Islamic Republic, killing 18 people. The Revolutionary Guards fired missiles at Islamic State bases in Syria on June 18 in response.     ",1
18883,Fugitive former Thai PM Yingluck gets five years' jail in absentia,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s Supreme Court convicted and sentenced former prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra in absentia to five years in prison on Wednesday for mismanaging a rice subsidy scheme that cost the country billions of dollars. Yingluck fled abroad last month fearing that the military government, set up after a coup in 2014, would seek a harsh sentence. For more than a decade, Thai politics have been dominated by a power struggle between Thailand s traditional elite, including the army and affluent Bangkok-based upper classes, and the Shinawatra family, which includes Yingluck s brother, former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who was also ousted by a coup. Yingluck had faced up to 10 years in prison for negligence over the costly scheme that had helped get her elected in 2011. She had pleaded innocent and accused the military government of political persecution.  Nine judges voted unanimously to find Yingluck guilty in verdict reading that took four hours, and a warrant was issued for her arrest. The court said Yingluck knew that members of her administration had falsified government-to-government rice deals but did nothing to stop it.  The accused knew that the government-to-government rice contract was unlawful but did not prevent it ...,  the Supreme Court said.  Which is a manner of seeking unlawful gains. Therefore, the action of the accused is considered negligence of duty,  it said.  A former commerce minister in her government was jailed for 42 years last month for falsifying government-to-government rice deals in connection with the subsidy scheme.  Norrawit Larlaeng, a lawyer for Yingluck, told reporters outside the court that an appeal was being discussed. The Shinawatras had commanded huge support by courting rural voters, helping them to win every general election since 2001, but their foes accused them of corruption and nepotism. Under the rice scheme, Yingluck s government bought rice from farmers at above-market prices, leading to stockpiles and distorted global prices. Losses amounted to $8 billion, the military government has said.  Yingluck s Puea Thai Party defended the scheme on Wednesday.  The Puea Thai Party believes in the various schemes that the party introduced during the previous administration,  Phumtham Wechayachai, secretary-general of party, said. Yingluck was banned from politics for five years in 2015 but remained the unofficial face of the party and the populist movement that supports it. Kan Yuengyong, executive director of the Siam Intelligence Unit think-tank, said Wednesday s sentence marked the end of her political career, adding that it was unlikely she would return to Thailand in the near future.  Politically, this is an execution for Yingluck. The verdict has effectively taken her out of politics,  Kan told Reuters. Thitinan Pongsudhirak, director of the Institute of Security and International Studies at Chulalongkorn University, said the Puea Thai Party was now  rudderless .  Pheu Thai officially becomes rudderless and will have to regroup under new leadership. If it is not dissolved and if its leader is more compromising, then maybe Thailand can move on,  he said.  The bottom line is that the Shinawatras have corruption problems and their elected governments are flawed but their unintended legacy of helping and connecting with the masses will need to be openly adopted by their opponents if Thailand is to move on.  Dozens of supporters had gathered outside the court to hear the verdict on Wednesday. That was far fewer than on Aug. 25, when the court was originally scheduled to deliver its verdict, only to find out that Yingluck had fled the country. Though her whereabouts has not been disclosed by either her aides or the junta, Reuters reported last month that she had fled to Dubai where Thaksin has a home and lives in self-imposed exile to avoid a 2008 jail sentence for corruption.  Neither Yingluck or Thaksin commented publicly immediately after the verdict. Nothing has been heard from Yingluck since she fled the country, and one of her lawyers, Sommai Koosap, told Reuters outside the court on Wednesday that she has not been in contact.  Photos posted on Instagram this week by one of Thaksin s daughters show Thaksin in London.  None of the photos features Yingluck. The leader of the junta, Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, said on Tuesday he knows where Yingluck is but would not reveal it until after the verdict is read. Thai authorities investigating how Yingluck escaped said last week they have questioned three police officers who admitted to helping her.  ",1
18884,War and the prize: how some Nobel laureates turn away from peace,"OSLO (Reuters) - Myanmar s leader Aung San Suu Kyi is the latest in a long line of Nobel Peace Prize laureates to disappoint many of those who once applauded her, and probably won t be the last, a cautionary tale for the 2017 laureate who will be named next week. Suu Kyi is facing international criticism, including from fellow peace prize winner Desmond Tutu, for not doing more to stop what the U.N. says are mass killings, rapes and the burning of villages taking place in Rakhine state. The violence has forced 421,000 Rohingya Muslims into neighboring Bangladesh. That is a turnaround from 1991, when the Norwegian Nobel Committee awarded her the prize and praised  her non-violent struggle for democracy and human rights . Once awarded, the prize cannot be withdrawn.  This has happened many times before that laureates have been criticized,  said Professor Geir Lundestad, who was the secretary of the Norwegian Nobel Committee from 1990 to 2014. Lundestad said the prize remains a force for good, even if some winners later fall short of its ideals:  Aung Sang Suu Kyi was a very important spokeswoman for human rights in Burma and much of Asia. You cannot take that away from her.   The Nobel prizes were established by Alfred Nobel, the inventor of dynamite, whose fortune came in part from making and selling arms. The peace prize, worth 9 million Swedish Krona ($1.1 million) will be announced on Oct. 6 and can go to one or more individuals or organizations. A number of winners of the peace prize have gone on to launch wars or escalate them. Israeli leader Menachem Begin ordered the invasion of Lebanon in 1982, four years after sharing the Nobel with Egypt s Anwar Sadat for their Camp David peace accord. Sadat was assassinated by an Islamist army officer in 1981. Palestinian leader Yassir Arafat shared the 1994 prize with Israel s Yitzhak Rabin and Shimon Peres for the Oslo accords, which have not brought a lasting settlement to the Arab-Israeli conflict. Rabin was assassinated by a far-right nationalist in 1995 and Peres was voted out of office eight months later. Arafat later presided over the Palestinians during the second intifada, a violent uprising against Israeli occupation. Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, awarded the prize in 1990 for his role in bringing the Cold War to a peaceful end, sent tanks in 1991 to try to stop the independence of the Baltic countries, though he later let them become independent. U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger shared the 1973 prize with North Vietnam s Le Duc Tho for what turned out to be failed efforts to end the Vietnam War. Tho declined the award, the only laureate ever to do so, accusing Washington of violating the truce. The war ended in 1975 with the fall of Saigon to the North Vietnamese. When U.S. President Barack Obama won in 2009 just months after taking office, even he said he was surprised. By the time he came to Oslo to collect the prize at the end of the year, he had ordered the tripling of U.S. troops in Afghanistan.  I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge the considerable controversy that your generous decision has generated,  he said in his speech.  I m responsible for the deployment of thousands of young Americans to battle in a distant land. Some will kill, and some will be killed. And so I come here with an acute sense of the costs of armed conflict.  Among Suu Kyi s critics is Tutu who, in a Sept. 7 letter to his  dearly beloved younger sister  writes:  If the political price of your ascension to the highest office in Myanmar is your silence, the price is surely too steep.  On Sept. 19, Suu Kyi condemned rights abuses in Rakhine state and said violators would be punished. While Western diplomats and aid officials welcomed the tone of her message, some doubted if she had done enough to deflect global criticism. Dan Smith, the director of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, said the 1991 Nobel Peace Prize might even have harmed the Rohingya.   She has an aura,  he said of Suu Kyi, adding that maybe her stellar international reputation  masked the true awfulness  of abuses over many years of the Rohingya.  When she responded to questions about the Rohingya by saying  why are you focusing on them, not on other issues?, people were inclined to give her the benefit of the doubt.  Suu Kyi was the rare winner, like Nelson Mandela, to rise from political prisoner to national leader. Mandela stepped down after five years as South Africa s first black president with his reputation largely unblemished, but some of his allies from the apartheid-era liberation movement faced scandals in office.  Maybe it s this move from the image of the bold, heroic defender of human rights and ordinary people ... into what is inevitably a more grubby world of politics where compromises are made  that tarnishes reputations, said Smith. Even saints face criticism. Mother Teresa, the 1979 Nobel winner canonized by Pope Francis last year, was faulted in 1994 by British medical journal The Lancet for offering neither diagnoses nor strong pain killers to dying patients in her Calcutta hospice. The decision to give the award in 2012 to the European Union was criticized at the time. Brussels was then imposing tough financial bailout conditions on member Greece that many economists said destroyed livelihoods. Tutu, among others, also faulted the EU as an organization that uses military force. The risk of disappointment arises because Nobel committees pick laureates for the hope they carry or a recent achievement, rather than the sum of a career, said Asle Sveen, a historian of the Nobel Peace Prize.  It is a always a risk when they promote somebody, because they are getting involved in politics,  he told Reuters.  And they cannot predict what is going to happen in the future.    That is what makes the Nobel Peace Prize different from all the other peace prizes,  said Sveen.  Otherwise you would give the prize to very old people just before they die.  Among the favorites are parties to the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, such as Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, EU Foreign Policy Chief Federica Mogherini and John Kerry, the U.S. Secretary of State at the time. The deal, which saw Iran agree to curbs on its nuclear program in return for the lifting of international sanctions, has been criticized by hardliners in both Tehran and Washington. U.S. President Donald Trump called it  an embarrassment to the United States  in a speech at the United Nations this month, and has suggested Washington could repudiate it. Experts on the prize say it is precisely the sort of breakthrough among foes that the committee tends to recognize.  This is the first time that a country subjected to Chapter VII (of the U.N. Charter) has seen its situation resolved peacefully,  said Henrik Urdal, Director of the Peace Research Institute Oslo, referring to how Iran s nuclear program is no longer labeled a threat by the U.N. Security Council.   Focusing on the EU and Iran would also be a signal to the United States that the Iran nuclear deal has a broad support base,  Urdal told reporters. Other possible contenders are Pope Francis, Syria s  White Helmet  rescue crews, the UN refugee agency UNHCR and its high commissioner Filippo Grandi. UNHCR has already won twice. Last year s prize went to Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos for his efforts to end half a century of war that killed a quarter of million people. ",1
18885,East Libyan government issues retaliatory entry ban against U.S. citizens,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - A government based in eastern Libya said on Wednesday it would bar entry to U.S. citizens after President Donald Trump s administration included Libya in a new travel ban. The eastern-based government of Abdullah al-Thinni is aligned with Libyan military commander Khalifa Haftar and is opposed to the internationally recognized Government of National Accord (GNA) in Tripoli. Announcing its ban, the eastern-based government said it was responding to  a dangerous escalation that targets Libyan citizens and puts them in the same basket as the terrorists against whom our... armed forces are fighting . It was not clear when or how the Libyan ban would be enforced. Libya is among eight nations included in a new U.S. visa ban announced on Sunday. It was also included on previous bans that have faced multiple legal appeals. The new ban said Libya faced  significant challenges in sharing several types of information, including public safety and terrorism-related information .  It said Libya also had  significant inadequacies in its identity-management protocols  and was  not fully cooperative with respect to receiving its nationals subject to final orders of removal from the United States . ",1
18886,Angolas Samakuva to step down as UNITA opposition party leader,"LUANDA (Reuters) - The veteran leader of Angola s largest opposition party said on Wednesday he would step down to allow someone else keep the new government of President Joao Lourenco to account. Isaias Samakuva, who has led UNITA since 2003, said a new leader should take the party forward through the  new political cycle . He announced his departure a day after Lourenco was sworn in as only the third president of Angola since independence from Portugal in 1975, ending 38 years of rule by Jose Eduardo dos Santos.  Samakuva had previously said he planned to step aside, but had appeared to seesaw on the decision in recent months.  During the campaign, I said I would leave the presidency of UNITA to serve the party in another function. I maintain and reaffirm that decision,  Samakuva told a meeting of the party. Samakuva took over the leadership of UNITA - the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola - after the death of founder Jonas Savimbi who led the movement during 27 years of civil war. Savimbi s death brought peace and the transition of UNITA into a political party. Under Samakuva s leadership UNITA increased its proportion of the national vote from 10 percent in 2008 to 27 percent in 2017. Among those slated to succeed him are Adalberto da Costa, who was the party s leader in parliament under the previous administration, Rafael Massanga Savimbi, son of UNITA s founder, and Lukamba Paulo, a former secretary general of the party who lost a leadership election against Samakuva in 2003. ",1
18887,Women drivers seen reviving Saudi car market,"DUBAI/PARIS (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s decision to lift its ban on women driving cars may help to restore autos sales growth in a market dented by the economic fallout from weak oil prices, handing an opportunity to importers of luxury cars and sport utility vehicles. Carmakers joined governments in welcoming the order by Saudi Arabia s King Salman that new rules allowing women to drive be drawn up within 30 days and implemented by June 2018, removing a stain on the country s international image.  Congratulations to all Saudi women who will now be able to drive,  Nissan said in a Twitter post depicting a license plate bearing the registration  2018 GRL . BMW, whose X5 SUV is the group s Middle East top-seller, also saluted the move. Mid-range brands currently dominate the Saudi market, with Toyota, Hyundai-Kia and Nissan together commanding a 71 percent share of sales. That market has shrunk by about a quarter from a peak of 858,000 light vehicles in 2015 to an expected 644,000 this year, reflecting the broader economic slowdown. But the rule change adds almost 9 million potential drivers, including 2.7 million resident non-Saudi women, Merrill Lynch has calculated.  We expect demand to rise again on news that women will be allowed to drive,  said a senior executive at Jeddah-based auto distributor Naghi Motors - whose brand portfolio includes BMW, Mini, Hyundai, Rolls Royce and Jaguar Land Rover models. The arrival of women drivers could lift Saudi car sales by 15-20 percent annually, leading forecaster LMC Automotive predicts, as the kingdom s  car density  of 220 vehicles per 1,000 adults rises to about 300 in 2025, closing the gap with the neighboring United Arab Emirates. A middle- to upper-class Saudi family typically has two vehicles, one driven by the man of the house and a second car in which a full-time chauffeur transports his wife and children. The rule change could spell bad news for some of the 1.3 million men employed as chauffeurs in the kingdom, including a large share of its migrant workforce, while boosting upscale car sales as households upgrade for their new drivers.  The move to allow women to drive is set to benefit the entire market,  LMC analyst David Oakley said.  But we might expect to see a disproportionately positive impact on super-premium brands.  Luxury brands including Lamborghini (VOWG_p.DE) and Bentley are about to launch SUVs - a vehicle category that has proved popular among women and already accounts for more than one in five cars sold in Saudi Arabia. Welcoming the announcement, British-based Aston Martin said it was well timed for the arrival of the James Bond-associated sports car maker s DBX model, due in 2019.  The SUV crossover boom across all segments has been powered by women,  spokesman Simon Sproule said.     ",1
18888,"Vatican urges politicians to defend migrants, not stereotype them","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis launched a global Roman Catholic campaign on Wednesday to improve the lot of immigrants and one of his top cardinals urged politicians to  touch the hand of a migrant  before trying to stereotype them. The two-year  Share the Journey  campaign comes at a time of growing anti-immigrant sentiment in the United States and many European countries where far-right parties have made inroads. On Sunday the far-right, anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (Afd) party surged to third place in a national election, tapping into public disquiet over the arrival of more than a million migrants in Germany over the past two years. The pope, who has made defense of migrants a major plank of his pontificate, launched the campaign in comments to tens of thousands of people in St. Peter s Square for his weekly audience, urging Catholics around the world to be  open, inclusive and welcoming . Italy s anti-immigrant Northern League has vowed to clamp down on migration from developing countries if it takes power in a coalition government after next year s elections. At a news conference at the Vatican, Cardinal Luis Antonio Tagle of Manila called for a  culture of personal encounter  where friendship supplants fear.  I would invite the leaders to meet a migrant, touch the hand of a migrant, smell a migrant, listen to their stories and you will see that they are like you and me,  he said.  They are not really  other . They could be me. They could be my brother, my sister, my parents,  said Tagle, whose grandfather left China for the Philippines as a poor boy. The two-year campaign of  action and awareness  is being spearheaded by Caritas Internationalis, the worldwide umbrella of Catholic charities. The campaign encourages local communities to facilitate encounters between migrants and those who fear or denigrate them  in church halls and private homes.  Look them in the eyes, listen to why they left their homes, how their journey s been, see the real people behind the numbers and scare stories,  Tagle said. He urged politicians  not to close the doors on people who might enrich your society . In the United States, where President Donald Trump wants to build a wall along the border with Mexico, his ex-chief strategist Steve Bannon - himself a Catholic - got embroiled in a row with the U.S. Catholic Church this month when he said its bishops backed illegal immigrants in order to fill empty pews. Francis this month said he hoped Trump would re-think his decision to end a program protecting undocumented immigrant children, saying it was important for young people to have roots. ",1
18889,The economy of Wolfgang Schaeuble - at a glance,"LONDON (Reuters) - Wolfgang Schaeuble, Germany s pro-austerity finance minister, is preparing to quit his job and become head of the lower house of parliament, the Bundestag, various sources said on Wednesday. As the following graphic shows, his time as finance chief starting in 2009 has been one of general improvement for Germany s economy, if not exactly smooth. After recovering from the 2007-2008 financial crisis, Germany has put in a series of solid growth years. Indeed, although the government s projection of 1.5 percent this year would be slower than 2016, it is widely expected to be upgraded soon. Germany s leading economic institutes are expecting 1.9 percent growth this year, the same as in 2016. With much of the focus of Schaeuble s term being on growth, inflation - very low but a German fixation nonetheless - and fiscal rectitude, one macro improvement has been fairly neglected. The unemployment rate since Schaeuble took office has plummeted. It was above 8 percent when he took the reins at the finance minister; the latest reading was 5.7 percent, by far the lowest since Germany s reunification and some time before that. GDP per capita is not such a bullish story. After taking off in the immediate post-crisis years, it has leveled off, suggesting Germans may be a bit worse off than they were. ",1
18890,"'Political mainstream', Corbyn says Britain's Labour ready for government","BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - Opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn told Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday to step aside and make way for the Labour party to lead Britain s Brexit talks, saying his leftist ideas were now the  political mainstream . After taking the stage at his party s annual conference to a standing ovation and chants of  Oh, Jeremy Corbyn , the leftist leader, once written off by some lawmakers for driving the party into unelectable territory, said Labour was ready for power. Corbyn is keen to press home his advantage over May, who is struggling to unite her party over Britain s negotiations to leave the European Union and to keep her own position. She faces a threat from some in the Conservatives who cannot forgive her for the loss of their parliamentary majority in a June election she called.  Against all predictions, in June we won the largest increase in the Labour vote since 1945 and achieved Labour s best vote for a generation. It s a result which has put the Tories (Conservatives) on notice and Labour on the threshold of power,  Corbyn said in his speech.  Yes, we didn t do quite well enough and we remain in opposition for now. But we have become a government-in-waiting. And our message to the country could not be clearer: Labour is ready.  Labour is closing the gap in opinion polls to stand roughly level with the Conservatives, putting it within sight of winning an election. The Conservatives have said they have no plans to call a vote anytime before 2022. The party is dependent on the support of the small Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) for a majority in parliament, however. So far, there is little appetite in the Conservative Party to hold an early election, and no clear frontrunner to replace May. The party s deal with the DUP, however, could be hurt by a trade spat involving Canadian planemaker Bombardier, Northern Ireland s largest manufacturing employer. Most Conservatives do not want to open the way for Corbyn, whose promises to end austerity have won over many voters, particularly the young, and who has focused anger over a deadly fire in west London on what he called a government which sees itself  not as the servant of the people but of global corporations . Corbyn has tapped into discontent in Britain, a wider trend seen across Western Europe where the dominance of traditional parties and their beliefs have been increasingly challenged. With his aides working on the belief that May will be forced into an early election before Britain leaves the EU in March 2019, the party has started to develop their policies, ready to introduce them swiftly.  It feels like we ve won, it feels like we re there, it feels like we re in government. The only frustrating thing is we re not, yet,  said Chris Howes, an 18 year-old party activist from central England.  But we re ready whenever the election comes.  After being discounted for pursuing what his critics said were policies harking back to the 1980s when Labour lost power to the Conservatives, Corbyn said Britain was ready for change and his party was ready to move further along its leftist route. Adding to his policies on renationalization, ending university tuition fees and increased public spending, he said he would bring in a housing policy to make sure local councils would have to win a ballot of existing tenants and leaseholders before any redevelopment plans could go ahead.  We need to build a still broader consensus around the priorities we set in the election, making the case for both compassion and collective aspiration,  he said.  We are now the political mainstream.  Turning the tables on May who before the June election said Corbyn would lead a  coalition of chaos  if voted in, Corbyn now said her cabinet of top ministers were the ones who had failed so far to negotiate with the EU as one.  This rag-tag cabinet spends more time negotiating with each other than they do with the EU. A cliff-edge Brexit is at risk of becoming a reality,  he said.  That is why Labour has made clear that Britain should stay within the basic terms of the single market and a customs union  for a limited transition period.  Labour has also been divided on the issue of Brexit, however. London Mayor Sadiq Khan, a prominent member of the party, said in a newspaper interview on Tuesday that he would back holding a second referendum on whether to leave the EU, a position the party itself has not suggested so far. Corbyn told members that if in power, Labour would pursue a  jobs first  Brexit, one that guaranteed unimpeded access to the single market.  So I have a simple message to the cabinet   for Britain s sake pull yourself together, or make way.  ",1
18891,UNHCR alarmed at violence against Rohingyas in Sri Lanka,"COLOMBO (Reuters) - The United Nations on Wednesday raised concern for the safety of Rohingya Muslim asylum seekers in Sri Lanka after Buddhist monks and hardline nationalists forced them to flee a U.N. shelter in the capital Colombo.  The refugees, who were detained in April along with two suspected Indian human traffickers in a boat off Sri Lanka s coast, are now in a camp in southern Sri Lanka to ensure their security after the incident in the capital. In Tuesday s incident, the Sri Lankan monks and nationalists stoned the shelter, prompting its 31 Rohingya occupants - mainly women and children - to flee for their own safety, witnesses said. No injuries were reported. In a statement, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said  the incident was alarming, saying the refugees had been victims of violence and persecution in Myanmar, from which some 422,000 Rohingya have fled to nearby Bangladesh over the past month.  UNHCR emphasizes that (the) refugees ... need international protection and assistance. UNHCR urges the public and all those concerned with refugees to continue extending protection and to show empathy for civilians fleeing persecution and violence.   It said the Rohingya had been staying in Buddhist-majority Sri Lanka with the Colombo government s approval and UNHCR was providing assistance  until longer-term solutions can be found . President Maithripala Sirisena s government condemned the attack on the refugees as  shameful  and urged police to hunt down the perpetrators.  Witnesses said the monks stormed into the safe house chanting,  Rohingyas are terrorists  and accusing them of having killed Buddhist monks in Myanmar. The Rohingya group fled Myanmar in 2012 and lived in India as refugees for nearly five years before trying to migrate illegally to Sri Lanka, a lawyer representing them told Reuters.  Tension between Myanmar s majority Buddhists and the Rohingya, most of whom are denied citizenship, has exploded several times over the past few years as old enmities, and Buddhist nationalism, surfaced with the end of decades of harsh military rule. There has been an exodus of Rohingya from Myanmar s Rakhine state since Aug. 25, when attacks by Rohingya militants triggered a military crackdown that the United Nations has branded  ethnic cleansing . The authorities in Myanmar and Bangladesh each see the stateless Muslim minority as the other nation s problem.  ",1
18892,14 people shot dead at Mexican drug rehab center,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Fourteen people were shot dead on Tuesday night at a drug rehabilitation center in northern Mexico as part of a territory fight between two criminal gangs, a spokesman for the state attorney general s office said. The shooting took place in the Rosario neighborhood of the city of Chihuahua, the capital of the border state Chihuahua, and left 14 people dead and 8 injured, spokesman Carlos Huerta said on Wednesday.  We have an ongoing preliminary investigation wherein we believe it was an attack carried out by a criminal gang fighting for drug territory in the area,  Huerta said. The so-called Aztecas street gang attacked the rehab center where some members of rival group Los Mexicles, associated with the powerful Sinaloa cartel, were located, Huerta said. The two groups are wings of cartels fighting over drug distribution routes, particularly for crystal meth. Last year, some 23,000 people were killed in violent incidents in Mexico, the deadliest year since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in late 2012. Since then, violence has grown as the country s powerful drug cartels have splintered and consolidated while fighting ruthlessly for control of lucrative smuggling routes in the United States. Some 1,444 people have been killed so far this year in Chihuahua state alone, Huerta said. ",1
18893,Russia jails Crimean dissident for speaking out against Moscow's rule,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A court on Wednesday found a Crimean dissident opposed to Russia s annexation of Ukraine s Crimea guilty of separatism and sentenced him to two years in a prison colony, a punishment supporters said amounted to a death penalty for such an ill man. Ilmi Umerov was deputy head of the Crimean Tatars  semi-official Mejlis legislature before it was suspended by Moscow after it took control of the peninsula in 2014, a move condemned by the West and Ukraine.  State prosecutors had accused the 60-year-old of making statements that undermined Russia s territorial integrity by calling in an interview for an end to Russian control of Crimea.  Umerov, who suffers from Parkinson s disease and attacks of high blood pressure, said he did oppose Russia s annexation but that the interview which prosecutors objected to had been badly translated and his words distorted. The Ukrainian government called the verdict an  illegal and politically-motivated sentence  which it said violated Umerov s human rights.  Russia continues its shameful policy of pressure on the independent leaders of occupied Crimea,  Ukraine s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement.  Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko described the verdict as  embarrassing,  saying on social media that he hoped the West would now increase pressure on the Russian authorities. Umerov s lawyer, Mark Feygin, said he would appeal Wednesday s verdict which was delivered by a court in Simferopol, the Crimean capital. Feygin said his client s life was on the line.  His dispatch to a prison colony would mean his death,  he wrote on social media, alluding to Umerov s frail state of health.  The Tatars, a mainly Muslim community that makes up about 15 percent of Crimea s population, have largely opposed Russian rule in the peninsula and say the 2014 annexation was illegal, a view supported by the West. Moscow says the overwhelming majority of Crimeans voted to join Russia in a proper and fair referendum. Ahtem Chiygoz, another Crimean Tatar leader, was found guilty of stirring up anti-Russian protests earlier this month and jailed for eight years, a move Ukraine s president called an act of Russian repression. A U.N. human rights report said on Monday that Russia had committed grave human rights violations in Crimea, including its imposition of citizenship and by deporting prisoners. Moscow said it deemed those allegations  groundless . ",1
18894,Lawmakers brawl in Uganda parliament for second day over presidential age limit,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Lawmakers brawled in Uganda s parliament for a second day running on Wednesday over a fiercely disputed move to change the constitution to let long-ruling President Yoweri Museveni run for re-election after age 75. MPs exchanged blows and kicks, with some using microphone stands as crude weapons in the melee, and at least two female lawmakers were carried out of the chamber after collapsing, a Reuters journalist on the scene said. At least 25 MPs opposed to the proposed constitutional amendment to prolong Museveni s tenure were forcibly ejected on orders of the speaker for involvement in fighting on Tuesday. All other like-minded MPs then walked out.   After calm returned, ruling party MP Raphael Magyezi introduced the contested motion authorizing parliament to draft and present a bill that would lift the constitution s age cap on presidential candidates. The motion passed, parliament communications director Chris Obore told Reuters, adding that Magyezi would have about a month to submit the bill to a first reading in the House.   Under the existing constitution, eligibility to stand as a presidential candidate in the East African country has an age ceiling of 75. That makes Museveni, 73, in power since 1986 and increasingly accused of authoritarianism and a failure to curb corruption, unqualified to seek re-election at the next polls in 2021. Removing the age cap would erase that barrier.   The proposal, echoing steps by other veteran African leaders to void legal limits on their rule, has stirred widespread resistance from rights activists, opposition parties, religious leaders and even some members of Museveni s party. Fisticuffs first broke out in the Kampala parliament on Tuesday, leading Uganda s communication regulator to ban live broadcasts of events  inciting the public . In a notice on Wednesday, the Uganda Communications Commission said radio and television stations should stop live broadcasts of events that  are inciting the public, discriminating, stirring up hatred, promoting a culture of violence ... and are likely to create public insecurity.  No station aired Wednesday s proceedings, but some posted clips of the brawls on their Twitter feeds.  Uganda s two major privately owned TV stations, including a local unit of Kenya s Nation Media Group, and some radio stations carried Tuesday s parliamentary session live. Critics said the authorities  action to ban live broadcasts underscored a crackdown on anyone questioning the planned constitutional amendment. Since last week, when a motion to kick-start the amendment process was supposed to be read but never made it to the floor,  both police and military personnel have been deployed around the parliament and many parts of the capital. Protests by students and opposition activists and supporters in Kampala against the amendment, sometimes broadcast live, have been put down with tear gas and arrests of scores of people.  Media in Uganda routinely complain of harassment by security personnel. Journalists say they have been beaten, detained or their equipment damaged or confiscated during coverage of anti-government demonstrations.  On Tuesday, anti-government protests also occurred in other parts of the country, including in the northern town of Lira. Three local journalists there were arrested as they covered the protests, according to Hudson Apunyo, an official in a journalists  association in the area. Robert Ssempala, national coordinator for Human Rights Network for Journalists-Uganda, said banning live broadcasts was  to shut out Ugandans and keep them in the dark on the age limit debate  after the measure met broad resistance. ",1
18895,Turkey to suspend flights to Northern Iraq from Friday: statement,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey will suspend flights to the northern Iraqi cities of Erbil and Sulaimaniya starting on 1500 GMT on Friday, in response to a Kurdish independence referendum held earlier this week, the Turkish consulate in Erbil said in a statement. It also said work was going on to increase capacity of flights until Friday. The decision will impact Turkish Airlines (THYAO.IS), Pegasus (PGSUS.IS), and Atlas Global flights. Shares of Turkish Airlines fell 4.7 percent, while shares of low-cost rival Pegasus fell 2.9 percent immediately after the statement. ",1
18896,"Cameroon illegally deported 100,000 Nigerian refugees: rights group","ABUJA (Reuters) - Cameroon has broken international law by forcibly deporting at least 100,000 Nigerians who had fled there to escape Islamist Boko Haram militants, Human Rights Watch (HRW) said on Wednesday. Cameroon s minister of communications declined to comment on the report, which said the army had been detaining the refugees and torturing some of them, before the authorities pushed them back into neighboring northeast Nigeria. Human Rights Watch said the expulsions reported since 2015 were one of the largest illegal forced repatriations it had seen in recent years, and were in  flagrant breach  of global and Cameroonian law. Boko Haram militants have killed tens of thousands in their fight to carve out an Islamist state in northeast Nigeria. The violence has forced hundreds of thousands to flee, many across the border into Cameroon, Chad and Niger.      Cameroon s army has been aggressively screening newly arriving Nigerians at the border, subjecting some to torture and other forms of abuse, and containing them in far-flung and under-serviced border villages,  the report said.  This policy of blocking asylum seekers from accessing protection has made it easier for Cameroon to deport them,  it said, adding that the U.N. refugee agency (UNHCR) has been denied access. The UNHCR said the report was broadly in line with its own understanding of the situation, though it could not confirm all the details in the paper.  Forced returns in any context are of serious concern to us and in the case of Cameroon and Nigeria we have raised these concerns repeatedly and publicly,  said a UNHCR spokesman. Cameroon signed a treaty in March with Nigeria and the UNHCR to ensure that all refugee returns are voluntary but the rights group said Cameroon s violations had continued.  They humiliated us like animals and beat us like we were slaves,  the report quoted one refugee as saying. His brother died from the resulting internal bleeding, he added. Some deportees, including children, were so malnourished or sick they did not survive their return to Nigeria, said HRW. Nigeria is struggling to cope with millions of people dependent on emergency relief for food, shelter and medicine, victims of an eight-year conflict in which at least 20,000 have been killed. At least 10.7 million people are in need of assistance in the region, mainly in Nigeria but also in Chad, Niger and Cameroon, according to the United Nations. ",1
18897,South Africa anti-Zuma protests harden ANC succession divides,"CAPE TOWN/JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Thousands of South Africans marched in anti-corruption protests on Wednesday, in a rallying cry against scandal-plagued President Jacob Zuma and his powerful allies three months before a new ANC leader is chosen. The African National Congress will pick its next leader in December with Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa expected to face off against Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, the former chair of the African Union and Zuma s ex-wife. The Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU), which has backed Ramaphosa and operates in an alliance with the ANC, led marches in major cities across South Africa. Though the demonstrations were supposed to be against corruption, it became apparent protesters had come to vent their anger at Zuma and throw support behind his rivals. Throngs of protesters marched to parliament in Cape Town singing songs and waving  Zuma must go  placards, although the crowds never got close to the tens of thousands promised by COSATU.  Things are just going down under President Zuma,  textile worker Florence Titus told Reuters.  He needs to play a president s role not just be there to fill his pockets and his family s pockets. He must step down.  Senior members of the ANC have also called for Zuma to quit in recent months following a swell of allegations that his  friends, the Gupta family, wield undue influence over the award of state contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars. The Guptas and Zuma deny wrongdoing and say they are victims of a politically-motivated witchhunt. Zuma survived an attempt in parliament to force him from office in August, but was left politically wounded after some ANC members backed the opposition s no-confidence motion. He can remain head of state until a parliamentary election in 2019, although the next ANC leader could edge him out next year.  Allegations of widespread corruption and the raiding of taxpayer funds by outside interests - known locally as  state capture  - have further dented investor confidence in an economy which fell into a recession earlier in 2017.  We are marching against state capture. We are fighting the Guptas who are taking our money,  Ongeziwe Sisilana, a 26 year old teacher, said as she walked with around two thousand others in downtown Johannesburg. Sisilana held up a sign reading  State Capture is a criminal offense  while some in the relaxed crowd swigged from beer cans as idle police cordons watched on. Ramaphosa s camp has prioritized fighting corruption, boosting economic growth and winning back the trust of supporters who have become disillusioned with the party under Zuma.     Zuma s faction, backed by a powerful patronage network, is likely to throw its weight behind Dlamini-Zuma, although other candidates could still come into contention.  Wednesday s series of marches and protests that target corruption and state capture are also targeting Mr Zuma and his succession faction in the ANC,  said Gary van Staden, political analyst at NKC Research. Some analysts say an opposition coalition could unseat the ANC at the next election, an unthinkable scenario a few years ago for a party that has led comfortably since it swept to power under Nelson Mandela at the end of apartheid in 1994. ",1
18898,Explosion in Mali kills three U.N. soldiers from Bangladesh,"ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Three United Nations soldiers from Bangladesh were killed by an explosive device that detonated as they were escorting a convoy in northern Mali on Sunday, the West African country s peacekeeping mission and Bangladesh s military said.  Attacks on peacekeepers in Mali, where Islamist groups continue to operate in the vast desert in the north of the country, have made the U.N. mission there, MINUSMA, the organization s deadliest. Another five U.N. troops were seriously wounded in Sunday s explosion, which occurred at around 7 a.m. (0700 GMT) on the main road between the towns of Anefis and Gao, MINUSMA said in a statement.  Our thoughts go firstly to the families and loved ones. We pledge our complete support to them during this painful ordeal,  the head of MINUSMA, Koen Davidse, said.  The mission will use all means to ensure that justice is rendered.   The U.N. did not immediately release the nationalities of the soldiers. But the Bangladesh military s media department confirmed that three of its soldiers had died by an improvised explosive device during an encounter with militants, adding that four other Bangladeshi peacekeepers were injured in the attack. West Africa s arid Sahel region has in recent years become a breeding ground for jihadist groups   some linked to al Qaeda and Islamic State   that European countries, particularly France, fear could threaten Europe if left unchecked. Despite a 2013 French-led military operation that drove back militants who had seized control of Mali s north, the area remains home to groups that have staged assaults on high-profile targets in the capital Bamako, Burkina Faso and Ivory Coast. MINUSMA, established in the wake of the French intervention, has struggled to quell the unrest. The U.N. Security Council established a sanctions regime this month that allows the body to blacklist anyone who violates or obstructs a fragile 2015 peace deal signed by Mali s government and separatist groups. Anyone who attacks peacekeepers, hinders the delivery of aid, commits human rights abuses or recruits child soldiers could also face sanctions, including a global travel ban or asset freeze. ",1
18899,German FinMin Schaeuble ready to head parliament: senior conservative,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s pro-austerity Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble is ready to quit his job and become head of the lower house of parliament, the Bundestag, a senior member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives said on Wednesday, following Sunday s election. Schaeuble is deeply respected at home for his tight control of public finances since taking on the job in 2009, but is loathed in Greece and elsewhere in southern Europe for his insistence on tough austerity steps during the eurozone crisis. The pro-business, fiscally hawkish Free Democrats (FDP), a likely coalition partner for Merkel s conservatives, has said it wants to run the finance ministry in any new government.  We are pleased that Wolfgang Schaeuble has agreed to become a candidate for the position (of president of the Bundestag),  Volker Kauder, parliamentary leader of Merkel s conservatives, said in a statement. The center-right CDU/CSU bloc will propose Schaeuble as their candidate for the Bundestag post at their next meeting on Oct. 17, Kauder added. The current Bundestag president, CDU lawmaker Norbert Lammert, is not up for re-election. Schaeuble, 75, has been confined to a wheelchair since being shot at an election rally in 1990. He is the longest serving member of parliament. (The story is refiled to amend word in parenthesis in paragraph 4 to make clear he will be proposed for job of president of parliament.) ",1
18900,Turkish nationalist leader says thousands ready to fight for Iraq Turkmen,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Thousands of Turkish volunteers are ready to fight in Kirkuk and other Iraqi cities to defend the country s Turkmen population, the head of Turkey s nationalist opposition said on Wednesday. Devlet Bahceli said the minority Turkmen, who have close ethnic ties to Turkey, would not be abandoned in Kirkuk.  The city, home to Kurds, Arabs and Turkmens, has been controlled by Kurdish peshmerga fighters since 2014 and Kurdish authorities included it in this week s referendum for Kurdish independence in northern Iraq, angering the Baghdad government. On Wednesday Iraq s parliament asked Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to send troops to take control of Kirkuk s oilfields, raising the possibility of military confrontation.  At least 5,000 nationalist volunteers are ready and waiting to join the fight of existence, unity and peace in the Turkish cities where Turkmens live, notably Kirkuk,  Bahceli, the head of Turkey s Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) said in a statement on the party s website.  The Turkmens are not unprotected and alone. They will never be abandoned to painful ethnic genocide and statelessness. Our decision is definite, our position is clear, our word is our bond,  Bahceli said. Bahceli s party is not in government and does not set policy, but its staunchly nationalist agenda reflects the views of a segment of Turkish society which fiercely opposes the idea of an independent Kurdistan and supports Iraq s Turkmens. Turkey has the largest Kurdish population in the region and fears that the referendum in northern Iraq will fuel separatism in its southeast where Kurdish PKK fighters have waged an insurgency for three decades. Turkey s Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu also warned this week that Ankara would intervene militarily if the Turkmen population in Iraq was targeted. ",1
18901,"Merkel welcomes ""a lot of material"" from Macron on EU reform","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel welcomes French President Emmanuel Macron s speech on EU reform, her spokesman said on Wednesday, without giving details on how she would go about improving the way the European Union is run. Macron offered a sweeping vision for Europe s future in a speech on Tuesday, calling for the EU to cooperate more closely on defense, immigration, tax and social policy, and for the single currency bloc to have its own budget. Merkel s spokesman Steffen Seibert said Berlin shared Macron s view that the EU needs reforms and that his speech contained  a lot of material  for debate on the issue.  This discussion is necessary and sensible,  Seibert told a regular news conference, adding that EU leaders would have a chance to talk at a meeting in Estonia on Thursday. Macron said he hoped his ideas would be taken into account in Germany s coalition building negotiations, talks that are not expected to begin until mid-October and may take months. His proposals drew mixed reaction from Germany s pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens, both possible partners in the coalition government Merkel will form after her center-right CDU/CSU bloc won a Sept. 24 election albeit with a much reduced share of parliamentary seats. In a sign that her Christian Democratic Union might block Macron s plan for a joint euro zone budget, Eckhardt Rehberg, the most senior CDU member on parliament s budget committee, said:  The problem in Europe is not a lack of money.   Rehberg pointed to existing instruments to boost investments such as the EU budget, the so-called Juncker fund (EFSI), the euro zone bailout fund (ESM) and European Investment Bank (EIB).  And not to forget the ECB s monetary policy,  he added. Rehberg said it was more important to discuss how existing funds could be used better and that member states must implement their own reforms to increase competitiveness and clean up their budgets.  The taxpayers of other countries cannot relieve them of this duty,  Rehberg told Reuters. Germany s biggest industry association, BDI, called Macron s proposals  courageous but not uncontroversial .  Europe now needs speed in the reform discussion,  BDI chief Joachim Lang said. Macron s proposals for a joint euro zone budget and a common finance minister were at least worth discussing, Lang added. The influential economic institute Ifo described Macron s speech as an invitation for Germany to join the  brainstorming  about the EU s future.  A stronger EU would certainly make sense in the areas of foreign, defense and trade policy,  Ifo head Clemens Fuest said.  But Macron s plans for the euro zone are wrong, from my point of view.  Fuest said the euro zone s problems would not be solved by creating a finance minister or budget for the 19-member bloc.  It would be more important to ensure more stability in the financial sector and to reconcile liability and control in economic and financial policy,  he said. Fuest was among a group of top German and French economists who issued a joint statement on Wednesday made calling on Paris and Berlin to shift their stances on EU reforms. ",1
18902,"Germany's Schaeuble ready to leave Finance Minister job, head Bundestag: CDU","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble is ready to leave his job as finance minister and head the Bundestag lower house of parliament, Volker Kauder, parliamentary leader of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives said in a statement. The center-right CDU/CSU bloc would propose Schaeuble as their candidate for the Bundestag post in their next meeting on Oct. 17, Kauder said.  We are pleased that Wolfgang Schaeuble has agreed to become a candidate for the position,  he said. The leader of the pro-business Free Democrats, Christian Lindner, said in a tweet his parliamentary group would back Schaeuble as president of the Bundestag. ",1
18903,Iraqi parliament asks leader Abadi to take back Kurd-held Kirkuk,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The Iraqi parliament on Wednesday asked Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to send troops to the Kurdish-held region of Kirkuk and take control of its oilfields.   Kurdish Pehsmerga fighters took control of Kirkuk, a multi-ethnic region, in 2014 when the Iraqi army fled in the face of Islamic State militants who overran about a third of Iraq. The Kurdish move prevented the oilfields from falling into  the militants  hands.  The area, historically claimed by the Kurds, is also home to  Turkmen and Arab communities. The Kurdistan Regional Government included it in the independence referendum held on Monday.       The government has to bring back the oilfields of Kirkuk under the control of the oil ministry,  said the resolution voted by parliament in Baghdad, seen by Reuters. It called on Abadi to  issue orders for the security forces to deploy in the disputed areas, including Kirkuk . ",1
18904,Iraq sends delegation to Iran 'to coordinate military efforts',"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A top ranking delegation from Iraq s armed forces headed to neighboring Iran on Wednesday  to coordinate military efforts , according to a statement from the Iraqi military. The statement did not give any details about the aim of the visit, believed to be part of retaliatory measures taken by the government in Baghdad following the independence referendum held in Iraq s northern Kurdish region on Monday. Iran and Turkey also oppose any move toward Kurdish secession and their armies have started joint drills near their borders with Iraqi Kurdistan in recent days. Iraq and Turkey have also held joint military drills.  ",1
18905,Israel cuts jail term of soldier who killed prone Palestinian assailant,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel s military on Wednesday reduced by four months the 18-month jail term of an ex-soldier who killed an incapacitated Palestinian assailant, saying his service record warranted clemency though he showed no remorse in the case. In March 2015, infantry conscript Elor Azaria was caught on videotape shooting dead a Palestinian who was lying wounded after taking part in a stabbing attack on other Israeli soldiers in the occupied West Bank city of Hebron. Azaria said he shot Abd Elfatah Ashareef because he feared the Palestinian could carry out another attack, but a court-martial found contradictions in the testimony and convicted him of manslaughter. The verdict was upheld on appeal. After being discharged from the military, Azaria went to prison last month and appealed to the armed forces chief, Lieutenant-General Gadi Eizenkot, to reconsider his sentence, citing the cost to his family of the acrimonious trial. In a response letter made public on Wednesday, the military informed Azaria that Eizenkot had decided to cut the jail term  on grounds of compassion and mercy ... taking into account your past as a combat soldier in an operational theater . But the letter also faulted the former soldier over  grave actions for which you did not take responsibility and for which you did not express regret,  adding that  the important messages in the court rulings should be heeded . Azaria became a right-wing cause celebre in Israel, where most Jewish men and women are drafted at 18 for military service. One poll found that nearly half of Israeli Jews believe any Palestinian attacker should be killed on the spot. The Palestinian government said Azaria s jail term had given Israeli soldiers a  green light  to kill with impunity. Under Israeli law, manslaughter can carry a maximum 20 years behind bars. Military prosecutors had asked the appeals court to impose a three- to five-year sentence on Azaria, but were turned down.  ",1
18906,Thousands evacuated in Ukraine as ammunition depot explodes,"KIEV (Reuters) - Massive explosions and a blaze at a military ammunition depot in central Ukraine forced authorities to evacuate 24,000 people and close airspace over the region, officials said on Wednesday. The blasts occurred late on Tuesday at a military base near Kalynivka in the Vynnytsya region, 270 kilometers (168 miles) west of Kiev, Ukrainian emergencies service said in a statement. One person was injured, it said. Arriving in the region hours later, Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said  external factors  were behind the incident. ",1
18907,"In Japan, new party challenges Abe with populist slogans; but little policy gap","TOKYO (Reuters) - A new political party led by Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike is floating populist slogans such as ending nuclear power and freezing a sales tax hike ahead of a general election next month, but voters may find few other big policy gaps with the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP). Koike s Party of Hope, formally launched on Wednesday with a slick promotion video and news conference, could attract voters who feel Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has become complacent, even arrogant, after nearly five years in office. The new party adds more uncertainty to the election. Abe s LDP-led coalition is unlikely to lose its grip on power, but a weak showing would erode Abe s clout, make policy initiatives harder and jeopardize his hopes of becoming Japan s longest-serving premier.  There s not much daylight between Koike s party and the LDP,  said Gerry Curtis, professor emeritus at Columbia University in New York.  It s a question of who can impress the voters as more competent. It s competence and it s character.  The Party of Hope shares policy space with both the conservative, business-friendly LDP and the right wing of the main opposition Democratic Party, an often fractious mix of conservatives and liberals. The Democrats are struggling with defections to the new party and single-digit ratings.  Asked about media reports that she discussed a merger or tie-up with the Democrats  leader, Koike told public broadcaster NHK she was not interested.   Rather than party to party, I welcome participation by individuals who share our policies,  she said, adding her party had been approached by many would-be candidates.         Some political analysts suggest Koike might opt to ally with the LDP after the election, given their policy similarities.  Abe, promising strong leadership to cope with Japan s fast-ageing population and a rising threat from North Korea, is betting the LDP and its junior coalition partner can keep their majority in parliament s lower house, where they hold a two-thirds  super majority . He will dissolve the lower house on Thursday for a vote expected on Oct. 22. The 63-year-old premier returned to power in December 2012 for a rare second term, promising to bolster Japan s defense and reboot its deflation-plagued economy with hyper-easy monetary policy, spending and reforms. He has made revising the post-war, pacifist constitution a key plank in his long-term agenda. Koike, 65, served as defense minister in Abe s first 2006-07 cabinet, but she defied the LDP to run successfully for Tokyo governor last year and, in July, her novice local party handed the LDP an historic defeat in a Tokyo assembly poll. The media-savvy former TV announcer - often floated as a candidate to become Japan s first female premier - is looking to repeat that success nationally. She said on Wednesday, though, that she wouldn t run for parliament this time. A vague Party of Hope platform unveiled on Wednesday pledged to be a  tolerant, conservative reform party,  break free of vested interests, protect the public, spend tax money wisely and respect diversity. Koike has, however, distanced herself from the LDP on two issues that could resonate with voters. She has suggested freezing a rise in the sales tax to 10 percent from 8 percent, from 2019, and called for an end to nuclear power - without saying how or by when. The latter issue has sparked speculation Koike could win the backing from once popular former prime minister Junichiro Koizumi, who advocates an immediate end to atomic energy. Abe, in contrast, says he ll go ahead with the tax hike but divert some revenue to childcare and education instead of paying back public debt. His government plans to keep atomic power as a basic energy source despite public concerns after the 2011 Fukushima nuclear crisis. Koike has criticized the prime minister s  Abenomics  growth policy for not making people feel good, but she has not outlined what she d do instead, except speed up reform. Both Abe and Koike are hawkish on security policy, although she has said little lately except to pledge  practical diplomacy and security policy based on pacifism . She has said debate was inevitable on revising the post-war constitution, but should not be limited to the divisive issue of amending pacifist Article 9, which Abe wants to change to clarify the military s status. Promises to reform  vested interest politics  and end governance through back-room deals often resonate with Japanese voters, who periodically long for change from the LDP, which has ruled Japan for most of the past six decades. ",1
18908,Lawmakers fight in Uganda parliament for second day over term limit laws,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Fighting erupted in Uganda s parliament for a second consecutive day on Wednesday over a plan to change the law to extend President Yoweri Museveni s rule in the east African country, a Reuters witness said.  Some lawmakers opposed to the move were also roughed up and ejected from the parliament s chambers after Speaker Rebecca Kadaga suspended them from parliament for misbehavior on Tuesday.   ",1
18909,"EU border controls could be extended in crisis, Commission says","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Temporary border controls inside the European Union s free-travel zone could be extended for up to three years during a crisis, the European Commission proposed on Wednesday, giving it more leeway to stem migration. The proposal by the EU executive comes as border controls in Germany, Austria, Denmark, and Norway expire, part of the European Union s response to a surge of refugees and migrants in November 2015 that tested EU rules on passport-free travel. Those countries must lift the frontier checks by November this year under a two-year-limit set by the bloc in the so-called Schengen area, which is named after a town in Luxembourg and aims to be a symbol of free movement in the bloc.  While not referring to the four countries, the Commission s plan, if agreed by EU governments, would allow them to keep the controls in place for another year if they can justify them. EU home affairs commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos said the threat of migrants coming through Greece and the Western Balkans was no longer a valid excuse for frontier checks.  No internal border control ... in relation to those from the eastern Mediterranean will be possible after November,  Avramopoulos told a news conference.  All member states maintain the possibility to introduce internal border controls for other threats to their internal security,  he said, stressing those  must remain exceptional.  Germany has long argued it needs the controls to combat the threat of Islamic militancy in Europe. The EU has taken in more than 1.7 million people from the Middle East and Africa since 2014. But after a mass influx in 2015, numbers have gone down steadily following a 2016 deal that closed the route from Turkey to Greece. The EU has also stepped up support for Libya to curb arrivals in Italy. Sweden has lifted its border checks but has stepped up internal controls. Norway is part of Schengen but not the EU. ",1
18910,"Disclose your donors, South African court tells political parties","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s political parties should be required to disclose the source of their funding, a court ruled on Wednesday, potentially exposing the patronage networks that have influenced power in the two decades since apartheid. The ruling by the Western Cape High Court, which orders parliament to amend access-to-information laws, comes against opposition from some parties who fear disclosure could jeopardize funding. Judge Yasmin Meer said in court papers that disclosure of the private funding of political parties and independent candidates was required for the effective exercise of the right to vote in elections and to make political choices. She instructed parliament to amend the Promotion of Access to Information Act (PAIA) accordingly. The application challenging the constitutionality of PAIA, which exempted party funding, was brought by non-profit organization My Vote Counts (MVC), which welcomed the judgment.  This means that there must be a legislative mechanism that allows access to this information,  MVC said in a statement.  However there are concerns this could impact on funding and potentially expose parties to embarrassment, an analyst said.   There s a potential of significant embarrassment. I think you going to find some people who appear to be strongly aligned to one party are actually giving money to another,  said political analyst at NKC Research Gary van Staden. Main opposition party the Democratic Alliance, which was among the responding political parties, said some of its donors would not like to be made public for fear of discrimination.  The ruling African National Congress party, which was also among the respondents, was not immediately available for comment. ",1
18911,Menacing Bali volcano throws tourists' plans into jeopardy,"KARANGASEM, Indonesia (Reuters) - Some tourists are having second thoughts about visiting the tropical Indonesian resort island of Bali after repeated warnings that its highest volcano could erupt at any time, half a century after it killed more than 1,000 people. Strong volcanic tremors rumbling underground and billowing white smoke over the scenic Mount Agung have raised alarm, prompting the evacuation of more than 75,000 people within 12 km (7.5 miles). Sitting on the so-called Pacific Ring of Fire, Indonesia has nearly 130 active volcanoes, more than any other country. Many Indonesians live near volcanoes because lava flows make the surrounding soil and land fertile for farming.    Several countries, including Australia, Singapore, and the United States, have issued travel advisories alerting holidaymakers to the new risk. And a hotel operator in Bali said news of the volcano had caused cancellations.   Business is getting low since Mount Agung s alert status was raised to the highest level,  said Ketut Purnawata, manager of Dasawana Resort, which is in the same district as the volcano, popular with tourists and hikers. Nearly five million people visited Bali last year - most of them from Australia, China and Japan. Airlines in Australia and Singapore said they were preparing for any disruptions due to an eruption, but flights were running normally for now. Virgin Australia and Jetstar, both of which fly to Bali from Australia, said they would carry extra fuel in case they needed to change course.  Jetstar and Singapore-based budget carrier Scoot said they had been contacted by a small number of customers looking to change their travel dates.  Less than 100 customers chose to rebook to a later date,  a Scoot spokeswoman said. Singapore Airlines and its short-haul arm SilkAir said customers traveling to Bali until Oct. 2 could rebook or request a refund, while AirAsia said flights were operating normally. One Indonesian travel agency said it had seen some cancellations.  There will definitely be an impact on (sales of) tour packages but we don t know the figures yet,  said Agustinus Pake Seko of PT Bayu Buana travel agency.     President Joko Widodo visited shelters near Mount Agung on Tuesday and urged residents to follow evacuation procedures after reports that some people were reluctant to leave their homes because nothing had happened.  While the government will continue to try to minimize the economic losses of the community, the most important priority is the safety of the people here,  Widodo told reporters.  So I ask all people around Mount Agung to follow instructions from the officials and minimize the impact of this volcano.  Life was going along largely as normal on the island famous for its beaches, temples and gentle Hindu culture.  One Spanish tourist, Jordi Portalo, 23, said he wasn t troubled.  I think it could happen but...maybe we d have to stay here a couple more days, so nothing to worry about,  he said sitting at a cafe next to the trademark white surfing beach of Nusa Dua. The last time Mount Agung erupted was in 1963, before tourism took off, when streams of lava traveled as far as 7 km along its slopes, killing more than 1,000 villagers. More recent ash clouds from volcanic eruptions have also disrupted tourism in Bali and other parts of Indonesia. Hundreds of domestic and international flights were disrupted in 2016 when a volcano erupted on Bali s neighboring Lombok island, sending columns of ash and debris into the air. ",1
18912,"Putin hails Russia's destruction of chemical weapons, accuses U.S.","MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin said Russia was destroying its last supplies of chemical weapons on Wednesday, three years ahead of schedule, hailing the development as  an historic event . In televised remarks broadcast by the Rossiya 24 TV channel, Putin also complained that the United States had not fulfilled its own obligations to destroy chemical weapons, saying it had put off doing so three times citing a lack of financial resources. ",1
18913,'Big question' is whether Rohingya can go home: U.N. refugee chief,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations refugee chief said on Wednesday the  big question  regarding the up to 800,000 Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh was whether they would be allowed to return to their homeland. Filippo Grandi, U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, said he hoped to discuss the statelessness of Rohingya with Myanmar officials in Geneva next week but recognized it was a  very complex issue .  It is very clear that the cause of this crisis is in Myanmar, but that the solution of this crisis also lies in Myanmar,  Grandi told a news conference in Geneva on his return from Bangladesh. He called on the Myanmar authorities to end the violence in northern Rakhine state so that solutions to the situation could then be discussed. Some 480,000 Rohingya have fled northern Rakhine since Aug. 25 and accused the army of a campaign of violence that the U.N. has called  ethnic cleansing , following attacks by Rohingya insurgents on police posts. About 300,000 Rohingya had previously crossed into neighboring Bangladesh. A Myanmar minister was quoted as saying on Wednesday that the Yangon government will manage the redevelopment of villages torched during the violence in Rakhine state.  Since it is most likely that return will take time, if it happens, if violence stops, it will be important also to find in the medium term suitable solutions for the people that are in Bangladesh,  Grandi said. He called for the Myanmar government to implement the recommendations of a commission led by former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan.  The lack of citizenship for the Rohingya, this needs to be addressed and resolved,  he said.  Clearly if only the people with papers can go back, that will be a very small number if at all,  he said.  So I think that the exercise should go beyond that and should really determine, if that s what is needed, who is a national, and those people should be allowed to go back and be given that citizenship.  Grandi condemned violence by Rohingya insurgents, warning:   It was also very obvious to me when I visited northern Rakhine that it is only a matter of time before terrorists would spring up from the situation of discrimination, of poverty, that prevailed in that area,  he said.  If the situation is not resolved, the risk of the spread of terrorist violence in the whole region - and this is a  particularly fragile region - is very, very high.  ",1
18914,Slaughtered Hindus a testament to brutality of Myanmar's conflict,"YE BAW KYA, Myanmar (Reuters) - Myanmar authorities displayed on Wednesday the bodies of Hindu villagers they say were killed by Muslim insurgents, victims of a surge of violence in someone else s fight now playing their part in a propaganda war. Authorities found 45 Hindu villagers in mass graves in the north of Rakhine state this week, and the news has dominated Myanmar s media coverage of a new round of violence in old strife between the state s Buddhists and Muslims. The military on Wednesday flew a group of reporters from the city of Yangon to see the bodies laid out on the grass, and to hear from those who found them after information about the massacre filtered back from Hindus who have sought refuge from the violence in Bangladesh.  We followed the paths based on the information we got from the other side,  police officer Okkar Ko told reporters at the scene.  We found where the soil wasn t normal and then when we dug up the ground, the smell came out.  The latest violence in Rakhine state erupted on Aug. 25, when Rohingya Muslim insurgents attacked 30 police posts and an army camp, killing about 12 people. Hours later, insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) came to the Hindu village of Ye Baw Kya, gathered up about 100 people, marched them away through their fields and killed them with knives, the government says. The military response to the insurgent attacks has driven 480,000 Rohingya refugees to Bangladesh and drawn U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing by the army with the help of Buddhist vigilantes. Myanmar denies that, saying its forces are fighting ruthless terrorists. For the government, the proof of the insurgents  brutality is plain to see, lying in rows by the mass graves just outside the village of Ye Baw Kya.  This is terrorism,  Minister for Social Welfare, Relief and Resettlement, Win Myat Aye, who visited the site on Tuesday, told Reuters. The ARSA has denied killing the Hindus saying they never kill civilians. Exactly why Myanmar s tiny Hindu minority in Rakhine state got caught up in the bloodshed is not clear, and different people have given different accounts at different times. Some villagers have said the insurgents suspected Hindus of being on the side of the government and acting as government spies. In late August, Reuters reporters in Bangladesh interviewed a group of Hindu women from the village who said their male loved ones were killed by Rakhine Buddhists. However, three of the same women told Reuters this week that Muslims who brought them to Bangladesh had ordered them to say it was Buddhist vigilantes who had done the killing. The three   who individually recounted closely matching stories   said that on Aug. 25, they and about 100 other Hindus were marched by masked men to the area of the mass graves. They were later able to identify some of the masked men as Rohingya Muslims, although the women said the men spoke several languages they could not identify, besides the dialect spoken by both Muslims and Hindus in the area.  We watched as they tied each person, hands behind their back and also legs ... They cut all their throats and pushed them into a hole,  said one of the women, Bina Bala, 22, adding that the women were spared after promising to convert to Islam. They said the attackers had objected to official identity cards given to Hindus but not Muslims, saying Hindus should not have them. The victims were blindfolded, with their hands tied and had their throats slit, said Kyaw Maung Maung Thien, hospital superintendent in the Myanmar town of Maungdaw, who examined the bodies.  The evidence points to a massacre by the ARSA terrorists,  he told the state-run Global New Light of Myanmar newspaper. While the accusations fly, the bodies await cremation. Police have been guarding the site of the mass graves, lighting fires at night to keep wild dogs away. ",1
18915,"U.N. 'appalled' at mass hangings in Iraq, concerned more may follow","GENEVA (Reuters) - The top U.N. human rights official said on Wednesday he was  appalled  that Iraq had hanged 42 men on Sunday, almost certainly without a fair trial, and that he feared more would follow. The executed prisoners had been convicted of terrorism charges ranging from killing members of the security forces to detonating car bombs.  I am appalled to learn of the execution of 42 prisoners in a single day,  U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein said in a statement.  We are extremely concerned at reports that Iraq may be planning to expedite the process of executing prisoners already sentenced to death, and that this could result in more large-scale executions in the coming weeks.  Zeid said it was  extremely doubtful  that strict due process and fair trial guarantees, including the men s rights to effective legal assistance and a full appeals process as well as to seek pardon or commutation of their sentence, had been met in every one of the 42 individual cases. The hangings came after Sunni suicide attacks killed at least 60 people near the southern city of Nassiriya, a Shi ite area, on Sept. 14, prompting Shi ite demands for tougher judicial action. Iraqi officials have said that about 1,200 of the estimated 6,000 prisoners held in Nassiriya have been sentenced to death, the statement said. Zeid said Iraq s use of the death penalty raised  massive concerns  and he called on the government to establish an immediate moratorium on its use. Members of terrorist groups who were proven to have committed serious crimes should be held fully accountable, he said.  However, Iraq s use of anti-terrorism legislation to impose the death penalty for a wide range of acts does not appear to meet the strict threshold of  most serious crimes .  No information about those hanged on Sunday has been released, such as their names, places of residence, crimes, trials, or date of sentencing, the statement said. Iraqi officials have said all their appeals processes had been exhausted, the statement said. ",1
18916,Eating leaves to survive in Myanmar's 'ethnic cleansing' zone,"MAUNGDAW, Myanmar (Reuters) - Along the main road that stretches nearly 40 kilometers north from Maungdaw town in Myanmar s violence-riven Rakhine State, all but one of the villages that were once home to tens of thousands of people have been turned into smouldering ash. Hundreds of cows roam through deserted settlements and charred paddy fields. Hungry dogs eat small goats. The remains of local mosques, markets and schools - once bustling with Rohingya Muslims - are silent. Despite strict controls on access to northern Rakhine, Reuters independently traveled to parts of the most-affected area in early September, the first detailed look by reporters inside the region where the United Nations says Myanmar s security forces have carried out ethnic cleansing. Nearly 500 people have been killed and 480,000 Rohingya have fled since Aug. 25, when attacks on 30 police posts and a military base by Muslim militants provoked a fierce army crackdown. The government has rejected allegations of arson, rape and arbitrary killings leveled against its security forces.  We were scared that the army and the police would shoot us if they found us ... so we ran away from the village,  said Suyaid Islam, 32, from Yae Khat Chaung Gwa Son, near the area visited by Reuters north of Maungdaw. He was speaking by phone from a refugee camp in Bangladesh after leaving his village soon after the attacks. Residents of his village told Reuters it had been burned down by security forces in an earlier operation against Rohingya insurgents late last year. Those that did not flee have been surviving since in makeshift shacks, eating food distributed by aid agencies. Satellite photos showed that tens of thousands of homes in northern Rakhine have been destroyed in 214 villages, New York-based Human Rights Watch (HRW) said. The U.N. detected 20 sq km (8 sq miles) of destroyed structures. The government said more than 6,800 houses have been set on fire. It blames the Rohingya villagers and the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA), which staged the Aug. 25 attacks.  The information we obtained on this side is that terrorists did the burnings,  said Zaw Htay, spokesman for national leader Aung San Suu Kyi. Reuters reporters have made two trips to northern Rakhine, visiting the townships of Maungdaw, Buthidaung and Rathedaung, and driving from Maungdaw through the most affected area along the main road north to the town of Kyein Chaung. (For a graphic of the area, click: tmsnrt.rs/2y8FgQ8) The reporters talked briefly to residents but, because many were scared of being seen speaking to outsiders, most interviews were carried out by phone from outside the army operation area. Little aid has made it to northern Rakhine since the U.N. had to suspend operations because of the fighting and after the government suggested its food was sustaining insurgents. Convoys organized by the Red Cross have twice been stopped and searched by hostile ethnic Rakhines in the state capital Sittwe. In U Shey Kya, where last October Rohingya residents accused the Myanmar army of raping several women, a teacher who spoke to Reuters from the village by phone said only about 100 families out of 800 households have stayed behind. Those who remain are playing a cat-and-mouse game with the soldiers, who come to the village in the morning prompting the residents to hide in the forest and return at night.  We don t even have food to eat for this evening. What can we do?  said the teacher.  We are close to the forest where we have leaves we can eat and find some water to survive.  He refused to give his name because he had been warned by the authorities not to talk to reporters. The man said escaping through bush in monsoon rain with his elderly parents, six children and pregnant wife was not an option. Zaw Htay said the government has prioritized humanitarian assistance to the area.  If there are any locations where aid has not reached yet, people should let us know, we will try to reach them as soon as we can,  he said. About 30,000 non-Muslim residents of northern Rakhine have also been displaced. Before the latest exodus there were around 1.1 million Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar, mostly living in Rakhine, where they are denied citizenship and are regarded as interlopers from Bangladesh by the Buddhist majority. Rohingya who have fled to Bangladesh and human rights organizations say ethnic Rakhine vigilantes have aided the military in driving out the Muslim population.  Kamal Hussein, 22, from Alel Than Kyaw, south of Maungdaw town said his village was destroyed in early September, after which he fled to Bangladesh, where he spoke to Reuters. Hussein said Rakhine mobs  poured petrol on the houses. Then, they came out and the military fired a grenade launcher at a house to set it alight . Government spokesman Zaw Htay said some empty buildings in the area had been burned by ethnic Rakhines.  We told the regional government to take action on that,  he said.  The damage caused by the fires, Reuters interviews and satellite pictures show, is by far the largest in Maungdaw, where the bulk of insurgent attacks took place. Across the mostly coastal area, stretching more than 100 km (60 miles) through thick bush and monsoon-swollen streams, most villages have been burned. Maungdaw town itself, until recently ethnically mixed with Rakhine Buddhists, Muslims and some Hindus, is now segregated, with the remaining Rohingya shuttered in their homes. Some 450 houses in Rohingya parts of the town were burned down in the first week after the attacks, HRW said citing satellite photographs.  Those who stored food, sold it and raised money to flee to Bangladesh,  Mohammad Salem, 35, who used to sell cosmetics at the market, told Reuters by phone from the town. In ethnically-mixed Rathedaung township, 16 out of 21 Rohingya villages have been burned, according to residents and humanitarian workers. Of the remaining five, two villages in the south are now cut off from food and threatened by hostile Rakhine neighbors. In many places people have no access to medicines, residents said. Reuters talked to two Rakhine Buddhist officials who corroborated the scale of the damage. Tin Tun Soe, a Rakhine administrator in Chein Khar Li, where a security post had come under attack, said the army response was rapid and all the Rohingya had been driven out. Nearly 1,600 houses were burned down a day after the attacks, he said, though he blamed the fires on the insurgents.  They have so many people. If they are here, we re afraid to live,  said Tin Tun Soe.  I am very happy that now all of them are gone.  ",1
18917,PM May is driving Britain to cliff-edge Brexit: Labour leader,"BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - A cliff-edge Brexit is at risk of becoming a reality under Prime Minister Theresa May, the leader of Britain s main opposition party said on Wednesday, adding only Labour could win a good deal with the European Union.  A cliff-edge Brexit is at risk of becoming a reality,  Jeremy Corbyn told hundreds of party members at the annual Labour conference in the southern English town of Brighton. ",1
18918,Islamic State attack west of Baghdad kills seven: security sources,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic State militants holed up west of Baghdad launched their biggest attack on Iraqi troops in months on Wednesday, security sources said, killing at least seven soldiers before being forced to retreat. The fighting, near the city of Ramadi in Anbar province, continued for several hours after the militants attacked with suicide car bombs, mortars and machine guns, the sources said. Bolstered by reinforcements, Iraqi forces killed 16 militants, state TV said, citing military commanders. Warplanes chased those who fled, it said. According to a preliminary toll from security sources, the attack killed at least seven soldiers and wounded 16, making it one of the biggest since government troops recaptured Ramadi from Islamic State in December 2015. A low-intensity guerrilla war has continued in the region.  The jihadist group remains in control of a pocket north of Baghdad, Hawija, and a stretch of land across the Syrian-Iraqi border, where Iraqi forces launched offensives this month supported by a U.S.-led international coalition. The  caliphate  that Islamic State declared over parts of Iraq and Syria effectively collapsed in July, when Iraqi forces captured its de facto capital Mosul.  ",1
18919,Factbox: Saudi king lifts ban on women driving - but what about other rights?,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi King Salman has ordered that women be allowed to drive, ending a restriction seen by rights activists as an emblem of the Islamic kingdom s repression of women. Here is a look at some of the biggest outstanding women s rights issues in Saudi Arabia: Women must have a male guardian s approval for decisions in fields including marriage, travel, applying for a passport and even medical treatment and employment in some cases. Many aspects of the guardianship system are not codified in law but stem from informal practice. The Saudi ambassador to the United States has said women will not need permission from a guardian to get a driving license nor to have a guardian in the car. Earlier this year King Salman issued an order allowing women to benefit from services such as education and healthcare without the consent of a male guardian. Rights groups say this is being implemented only on an ad hoc basis. Women may testify in court, but in some cases their testimony is considered worth only half that of a man. The kingdom has removed requirements that a woman bring a male relative to identify them in court. Saudi Arabia licensed the first female attorneys to practice law in 2013, with the right to represent clients and to own and run their own law firms. It has improved women s access to government services in recent years, enabling women to secure their own identity cards and issuing divorced and widowed women family cards, which identify familial relationships and are needed for bureaucratic processes, according to Human Rights Watch. Women are required to dress modestly, but there is no specific written dress code and compliance varies in different regions and different situations. In practice, most Saudi women are expected to wear the long, dark abaya robe and a headscarf. Dress is monitored by religious police and women have been detained and released for immodest clothing. The requirements do not tend to apply to foreign women. Unrelated Saudi men and women are not supposed to mix, meaning that they are separated into male and family sections in restaurants or entertainment venues or in sex-segregated areas at conferences.     In a business environment women can find themselves in areas where they have little or no access to senior officials and policymakers, who are mainly male. The strict segregation policies act as a disincentive to employers wanting to hire women. Businesses and government agencies in Saudi Arabia are segregated, with the exception of oil giant Saudi Aramco and some foreign companies. Saudi Arabia allowed women into the national stadium for the first time this week as it launched celebrations to mark the 87th anniversary of its founding. There is no formal bar on women buying or renting property but it can be difficult for women to do so without a male relative, according to rights groups. The Saudi government wants to encourage female participation in the workforce. Authorities have removed restrictions on women s work in the labor code and ended formal requirements for women to obtain a guardian s permission to work, but some employers still demand this and are not penalized for doing so. Saudi women have been moving into roles previously reserved for men such as retail, air traffic control and emergency call centers. But the vast majority of chief executives and senior government officials are male and all-male workplaces can lack basic facilities like ladies  restrooms. Conservative clerics have repeatedly said women who do physical exercise are immodest, even when they are not in public or seen by men. But Saudi public schools will begin offering physical education for girls in this academic year, the education ministry announced in July, and the advisory Shura council has opened the door to licensing women s gyms. The kingdom sent two female athletes to the Olympics for the first time in 2012, and four to the 2016 games. ",1
18920,Iraqi PM calls on Kurds to cancel independence referendum result,"BAGHDAD/ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq s Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi demanded on Wednesday that Kurdish authorities  cancel  the outcome of the independence referendum in northern Iraq, as a condition for dialogue to resolve an escalating crisis. In a speech to parliament, Abadi renewed his ultimatum to Masoud Barzani s Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) to hand over control of international airports by Friday or face a ban on direct international flights to the Kurdish region. People in northern Iraq voted overwhelmingly in favour of independence in Monday s non-binding referendum. Any idea of secession is bitterly opposed by the governments in Baghdad, Turkey and Iran. The United States pressed Kurdish leaders to call off the poll.   We won t have a dialogue about the referendum outcome,  Abadi told parliament.  If they want to start talks, they must cancel the referendum and its outcome.   His demand was rejected by KRG Transport Minister Mowlud Murad on Wednesday. He told a news conference in the Kurdish capital Erbil that keeping control of airports and maintaining direct international flights to Erbil was necessary for the fight against Islamic State militants. Kurdish leaders say the referendum was held to give them a mandate to negotiate the peaceful secession of their region with Baghdad and Iraq s powerful neighbours Iran and Turkey.  Murad expressed the hope that the crisis could be resolved by Friday, saying it would damage Kurdistan s economy.   The Iraqi Civil Aviation Authority sent a notice on Wednesday to foreign airlines telling them international flights to Erbil and Sulaimaniya in the Kurdish region would be suspended on Friday at 1500 GMT and only domestic flights allowed. ",1
18921,Merkel welcomes 'a lot of material' from Macron for EU reform debate,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron s speech on European Union reform, which contained  a lot of material  for necessary debate on the issue, her spokesman said. Germany shares Macron s view that the EU needs reforms. The details of reforms must be discussed, added the spokesman, Steffen Seibert.  This discussion is necessary and sensible,  Seibert told a regular government news conference in Berlin, adding that the leaders would have a chance to talk at an EU meeting in Tallinn on Thursday. ",1
18922,"France criticizes U.S. travel ban on Chadian ally, urges reversal","PARIS (Reuters) - France said on Wednesday it was surprised by new U.S. travel restrictions on citizens from Chad, which Paris said was an ally in the fight against terrorist groups, and urged the United States to quickly reverse its decision. U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday imposed a new ban on citizens from North Korea, Venezuela and Chad, expanding to eight the list of countries covered by his original travel bans that have been derided by critics and challenged in court.  We learnt with surprise of the United States  decision to expand its entry ban on Chadian citizens,  French foreign ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne said.  Chad is a decisive partner in the fight against terrorism. It has mobilized from the start and paid a heavy price in this battle.  France considers its former colony as its main ally in the fight against Islamist militants in West Africa and the headquarters of its 4,000-strong counter-terrorism Operation Barkhane force is in the Chadian capital N djamena. The United States also has a base in the city.  France hopes that with this in mind the United States and Chad...will find a quick solution that will enable this ban to be lifted,  Romatet-Espagne said.  ",1
18923,Indian troops in firefight with rebels near border with Myanmar,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian troops exchanged gunfire on Wednesday with separatist guerrillas in a remote northeastern region bordering Myanmar, killing or wounding several of the insurgents, army officials said. The army was carrying out an operation against the separatist group, which is believed to have 2,000 guerrillas battling for an independent Greater Nagaland state carved out of India. An army patrol retaliated swiftly upon coming under heavy fire from the rebels, the Indian Army s eastern command, headquartered in the city of Kolkata, said in a statement.   Heavy casualties reportedly inflicted on NSCN-K cadre,  it said, using an acronym for the group, the National Socialist Council of Nagaland-Khaplang.  No casualties suffered by Indian security forces.  Wednesday s operation was confined to the Indian side of the border, it added.   In 2015, Indian special forces crossed into Myanmar to hunt down guerrillas of the group who had taken shelter in the neighboring country.  That year the group launched a series of attacks on security forces in India s northeast, to scrap a ceasefire it had observed with New Delhi since 2001. In recent years, the militaries of India and Myanmar have built close ties, with each pledging not to allow insurgent groups to shelter in its territory.  India has condemned attacks in August by Rohingya insurgents on security posts in Myanmar s Rakhine state that provoked a military crackdown, causing hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims to flee the country. ",1
18924,UK counter-terrorism police arrest woman under official secrets act,"LONDON (Reuters) - British counter-terrorism police said they had arrested a woman on Wednesday under the Official Secrets Act. The 65-year-old woman was contracted to carry out work for a government department, they added, without elaborating. She was being held at a south London police station while officers searched an address in north London. No further details were immediately available. ",1
18925,"Turkey's border with northern Iraq remains open, for now, minister says","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey s border with northern Iraq remains open, although that does not mean it will remain so, the Turkish customs minister said on Wednesday, adding the number of trucks passing through had decreased. Bulent Tufenkci also said he did not believe that the Kurdish independence referendum in northern Iraq would have a big impact on Turkish trade with Baghdad.   President Tayyip Erdogan has said Iraqi Kurds would go hungry if his country halts the flow of trucks and oil across the border, warning that Turkey could take military and economic measures against its neighbor after the referendum  The Habur border gate is open for now, we see that the numbers of vehicles passing are decreased,  Tufenkci said, referring to the main border crossing with northern Iraq.   The Habur border gate being open for now does not mean that it will remain open,  he said in comments broadcast live on television. Turkey, home to the region s largest Kurdish population, has been battling a three-decade insurgency in its largely Kurdish southeast and fears the referendum, held earlier this week, will inflame separatist tension at home.  We can continue trading with the Iraqi central government through Iran or via sea or airways,  Tufenkci said. Turkey has long been northern Iraq s main link to the outside world, with a Turkish oil pipeline connecting northern Iraq to global energy markets. Iraq, including the Kurdish region, was Turkey s third-largest export market in 2016, according to IMF data. Turkish exports to the country totaled $8.6 billion, behind Germany and the United Kingdom. ",1
18926,Russia to retaliate against U.S. in military observation flights row: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will retaliate against the United States in a row over a treaty that allows both states to conduct military observation flights over each other s territory, Russia s deputy foreign minister said, Russian news agencies reported on Wednesday. In the latest sign of escalating tensions between the two countries, the United States has accused Russia of flouting the so-called Open Skies Treaty, an agreement designed to build confidence between the two countries  militaries, and said it plans to take measures against Moscow. The Wall Street Journal newspaper reported on Tuesday that would include restricting Russian military flights over American territory in response to what it said was Moscow preventing U.S. observation flights over its heavily militarized Baltic exclave of Kaliningrad.   Russian news agencies cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov on Wednesday as saying that Moscow was itself unhappy about Washington s compliance with the same treaty and would take its own measures against the United States in response to any new U.S. restrictions.  I have no doubt there will be a (Russian) response,  agencies cited Ryabkov as telling reporters.  But before announcing something on this, we have to analyze the situation with our military and look at how we ll respond to the Americans.  Ryabkov was quoted as describing Washington s approach to the disagreement as one-sided and as saying Russia would not yield to U.S. pressure for it to make concessions. U.S. Marine General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the military s Joint Chiefs of Staff, told a Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday that Washington believed it would be best if the Open Skies Treaty with Russia continued, but that it should not be in place if Moscow was flouting it.       ",1
18927,Indonesia prepares to divert Bali-bound flights in case of volcanic eruption,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian authorities are preparing to divert flights to 10 airports across the country in case an increasingly active volcano on the holiday island of Bali erupts and disrupts travel. Officials have warned that Mount Agung in eastern Bali could erupt at any time, prompting several countries including Australia and Singapore to issue travel advisor for one of the world s most popular tourist destinations.  Ten airports will serve as alternatives for flights bound for Bali s Ngurah Rai airport in case it is closed because of volcanic ash,  Transportation Minister Budi Karya said in a statement on Wednesday. Authorities are also preparing ferries to help people leave Bali in case air travel is disrupted, Karya said.  Airports in Jakarta, Surabaya, and Lombok are among those being prepared to allow diverted flights to land.  Bali s Ngurah Rai International Airport is the second-busiest in the country, after Jakarta s main international airport. It was operating normally on Wednesday. Nearly five million people visited Bali last year - most of them from Australia, China and Japan.     Over 75,000 residents have been evacuated from near the volcano and fears of an imminent eruption have prompted some travelers to rethink holiday plans. Several airlines in Singapore and Australia said they are preparing for disruptions, but that flights were running normally for now. Virgin Australia, which flies to Bali from Australia, said on Wednesday that it was expecting  some delays .  At present, there is no visible ash cloud and therefore flights are planned to operate as scheduled. However there may be some delays due to the fact that some of our Bali bound flights will be making fuel stops in Darwin as a precautionary measure,  the company said in a statement. Mount Agung s status was raised to the highest level last week and authorities have imposed a 12km exclusion zone around it. A 4.3 magnitude quake shook the area on Wednesday, indicating that seismic activity remains high, officials said.  The total number of tremors has decreased, but if we compare the strength (of tremors) it is definitely increasing,  said Gede Suantika, an official at national vulcanology agency.      The volcano last erupted in 1963, killing over 1,000 people. ",1
18928,UK counter-terrorism police arrest 11 in far-right investigation,"LONDON (Reuters) - British police said 11 people had been arrested by counter-terrorism officers on Wednesday as part of an investigation into a banned far-right group. The 11 men were arrested across the country on suspicion of offences including preparing terrorist acts, being members of a banned organization and possession of terrorism documents as part of the inquiry into the National Action organization. The neo-Nazi group became the first far-right organization to be outlawed in Britain last year after the murder of member of parliament Jo Cox, whose killing it had praised. Earlier this month, three men, including two soldiers, appeared in court charged with being members of National Action and police said the men held in the latest arrests were part of the same investigation.  Today s arrests are part of coordinated action by the national Counter Terrorism network and UK policing,  said Det. Chief Supt. Martin Snowden, the head of counter-terrorism policing in northeast England.   Those who promote extreme right wing views are looking to divide our communities and spread hatred. This will not be tolerated and those who do so must be brought to justice.  Last month, a senior police chief said the number of referrals to the authorities about suspected right-wing extremists had doubled since the murder of Cox, who was killed in June last year by a loner obsessed with Nazis and white supremacist ideology. ",1
18929,Saudi women rejoice at end of driving ban long backed by clerics,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabian women awoke to news of a royal decree permitting them to drive starting next year - and some were already behind the wheel on Wednesday, even though licenses will not be issued for nine months.  Saudi Arabia will never be the same again. The rain begins with a single drop,  Manal al-Sharif, who was arrested in 2011 after a driving protest, said in an online statement.  Online videos showed a handful of women driving cars overnight, after King Salman s decree was announced late on Tuesday.  I wish I could translate my feelings right now. I feel like no one can understand it fully but us,  said Abeer Alarjani, 32, who plans to start driving lessons this weekend.  Now I ll finally dare to dream for more.  The move represents a big crack in the laws and social mores governing women in the conservative Muslim kingdom. The male guardianship system requires women to have a male relative s approval for decisions on education, employment, marriage, travel plans and even medical treatment. Saudi Arabia, the birthplace of Islam, has been widely criticized for being the only remaining country to forbid women to drive. King Salman s decree ends a conservative tradition seen by rights activists as an emblem of the country s suppression of women. [nL8N1M761P] It is expected to boost the fortunes of 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who has ascended to the heights of power in the kingdom in three short years with an ambitious domestic reform program and assertive foreign policy. A muted response from Saudi s powerful clergy, which has long backed the ban, suggested power shared between the Al Saud dynasty and the Wahhabi religious establishment could be shifting decisively in favor of the royals. Many younger Saudis regard Crown Prince Mohammed s ascent as evidence that their generation is taking a central place in running a country whose patriarchal traditions have for decades made power the province of the old and blocked women s progress. Sharif, the activist, described the driving ban s removal  as  just the start to end long-standing unjust laws (that) have always considered Saudi women minors who are not trusted to drive their own destiny.  The Saudi ambassador to Washington said on Tuesday women would not need their guardians  permission to get a license, nor to have a guardian in the car when driving. In a country where gender segregation has been strictly enforced for decades in keeping with the austere Wahhabi form of Sunni Islam, the decree means women will have regular contact with unrelated men, such as fellow drivers and traffic police. Other rules have loosened recently, with the government sponsoring concerts deemed un-Islamic by the clergy, allowing women into a large sports stadium for the first time and permitting them to dance beside men in a central Riyadh street over the weekend. [nL5N1M509T] Amnesty International welcomed the decree as  long overdue  but said there was still a range of discriminatory laws and practices that needed to be overturned. That risks inflaming tensions with influential Wahhabi clerics with whom the ruling Al Saud has enjoyed a close strategic alliance since the kingdom s founding.  The state-backed Council of Religious Scholars expressed support for the driving decree. Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdulaziz Al al-Sheikh, who has repeatedly opposed women working and driving and said letting them into politics may mean  opening the door to evil , has yet to comment. Some Islamist clerics are currently in detention in Saudi Arabia following an apparent crackdown on potential opponents of the kingdom s rulers this month. [nL5N1LW47G] Bernard Haykel, professor of Near East studies at Princeton University, said the driving announcement may help explain those arrests.   They might have raised a storm against the government by mobilizing opposition in the name of religion. They have been stymied,  he said.  Still, some men expressed outrage at the about-face by prominent clerics, who in the past have sometimes justified the driving ban by saying women s brains are too small or that driving endangered their ovaries.  Whoever says this is permitted is a sinner. Women driving means great evils and this makes them especially sinful,  one Riyadh-based Twitter user wrote.  Where is the (Grand) Mufti?  said another.  Evil has come to Arabs.  ",1
18930,Fewer babies born in Singapore last year despite incentives,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Fewer babies were born in Singapore last year, according to statistics announced on Wednesday, despite generous government incentives to boost fertility in the city-state. A total of 33,167 Singaporeans were born in 2016, compared to 33,725 in the previous year, the Singapore Department of Statistics said. However, the 2016 births remained above a 10-year average, it said. According to the World Bank, wealthy Singapore had the fourth-lowest fertility rate in the world in 2015. The government enhanced its incentives scheme in 2015, giving out as much as S$10,000 ($7,400) in cash to new parents. The public housing policy prioritizes married couples. The statistics show Singapore s total population was up an annual 0.1 percent at 5.61 million by June this year, the slowest in at least a decade. The number of people on work permits in Singapore fell sharply, hit by weakness in the construction and marine engineering sectors, the statistics department said. The number of permanent residents was stable, but the number of citizens was up 0.9 percent at 3.44 million, the data showed. ",1
18931,Half of Filipinos don't believe police accounts of drugs war deaths: poll,"MANILA (Reuters) - Around half of Filipinos believe many people killed in the country s war on drugs were neither drug dealers nor violently resisted arrest as police maintain, according to an opinion poll released on Wednesday. The survey of 1,200 Filipinos by Social Weather Stations (SWS) conducted in late June also showed that 50 percent of respondents felt many victims were falsely identified by their enemies as drug users and pushers, and were then killed by police or shadowy vigilantes. Thousands of mostly urban poor Filipinos have been killed during President Rodrigo Duterte s 15-month-old war on drugs, either during police operations or by mysterious gunmen. The crackdown has come under unprecedented scrutiny in recent weeks, due largely to the high-profile Aug. 16 killing of a 17-year-old student, among the 90 people killed in less than a week of intensified police raids. [nL4N1LA686] The latest SWS poll predates those events. Forty-nine percent of respondents believed many of those killed by police were not drug dealers, and 54 percent felt many victims had not resisted arrest. The survey suggests doubts among Filipinos about the official stance of the Philippine National Police, which states those killed in anti-drugs operations were dealers, and had refused to go quietly. Police say that has been the case in more than 3,800 incidents in which deaths occurred. The poll also indicates some scepticism about the methods and effectiveness of intelligence-gathering and community campaigns to identify drug users in need of rehabilitation, some of whom, activists say, have been killed after their names appeared on  watch lists . [nL3N1CD133] Duterte s crackdown has caused international alarm, though domestic polls have shown Filipinos are largely supportive and believe it has made the streets safer. Duterte s office frequently cites polls, including SWS, as a sign of his public support. But presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella cast doubts about the accuracy of the latest survey, saying it contained  leading and pointed questions that may have unduly influenced the answers .  We expect pollsters to exercise prudence and objectivity to arrive at a closer approximation of public sentiment,  he said in a statement. Activists accuse the PNP of executing drug suspects under the guise of sting operations, or of colluding with hit men to kill drug users, allegations the PNP vehemently denies. Duterte s political opponents say he has made bellicose statements that incite police to commit murder, which he rejects, arguing that his instruction to security forces has always been to kill only when their lives were in danger. Only a fifth of those polled by SWS disagreed with the statement that police had killed many people who had posed no threat to them. A quarter were undecided. Twenty-three percent of respondents believed those killed were drug pushers, as police report, and 27 percent were undecided. Half of those surveyed believed false accusations of drug involvement were behind many killings by police, while 21 percent disagreed with that and 28 percent were undecided. The survey showed higher percentages of those polled in Manila, which has borne the brunt of the drugs killings, felt many victims had neither sold drugs nor fought police, and were being falsely linked to the trade. Phelim Kine, deputy Asia director at Human Rights Watch, said the survey results were not surprising given the  critical mass of compelling evidence  gathered by his group and investigative journalists, which had clearly demonstrated there was  an unlawful killing campaign under the cynical veneer of  anti-drugs operations .  ",1
18932,"Kurdistan rejects Iraq's demand to hand over airports, Baghdad readies air ban","ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - The Kurdistan Regional Government on Wednesday rejected an Iraqi government ultimatum to hand control of its international airports to Baghdad. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, reacting to the independence referendum held by the autonomous Kurdish government on Monday, had told the KRG to hand over control of Erbil and Sulaimaniya airports or else he would suspend direct international flights to and from Kurdistan on Friday.  But KRG Transport Minister Mowlud Murad told a news conference in the Kurdish capital Erbil, said keeping control of the airports and keeping direct flights to Erbil was needed for Kurdish authorities and security forces as part of the fight against Islamic State militants. He expressed the hope that the crisis could be resolved by Friday as it would also hurt Kurdistan s economy.    The Iraqi Civil Aviation Authority has sent a notice to foreign airlines companies telling them that international flights to Erbil and Sulaimaniya will be suspended at 1500 GMT (11.00 a.m. ET) and only domestic flights will be allowed. Abadi on Tuesday said the flights will be halted at 3:00 p.m., or 1200 GMT. Iran said last week it was stopping flights to Kurdistan at the request of the Iraqi government. Lebanon s Middle East Airlines is suspending its daily flight to Erbil, which has a sizeable Lebanese community, from Friday. Among other airlines flying to Erbil are FlyDubai, Qatar Airways, Royal Jordanian, Turkish Airlines and Austrian.   ",1
18933,"U.S. Commerce Secretary says market access, protectionism top China issues","HONG KONG (Reuters) - U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Wednesday the U.S. relationship with China was too lopsided and listed market access, protectionism and intellectual property as the biggest problems amid trade tensions between the two countries.  Ross said both sides were frank and open, and articulated good points of view during his trip to Beijing, which was a good sign, although neither made concessions.   The most important thing to push for with China is better market access for companies operating there physically and for companies exporting there,  Ross said.  Ranking equal with that would be less protectionist behavior.   The U.S. Commerce Department said in a statement on Tuesday that Ross had pressed China on the  need to rebalance bilateral trade and investment relations  and urged it to take  meaningful action  on trade issues. China s relationship with the United States has been strained by the Trump administration s criticism of China s trade practices and by demands that Beijing do more to pressure North Korea to halt its nuclear weapons and missile programs. Ross, speaking to reporters in Hong Kong two days after his visit to Beijing, also said overcapacity was still a big issue in some sectors and highlighted new industries such as robotics as potential threats.  There apparently are something like 400 robotics companies in China right now and people in the industry tell me maybe 360 of those are in it to get the subsidies and tax breaks and are not really serious about the product,  he said. On Monday, Ross told Chinese Premier Li Keqiang that the United States hoped for  very good deliverables  when U.S. President Donald Trump visits China, likely in November. He did not specify what  deliverables  the United States was hoping for.  Ross is due to lead a trade mission to China as part of President Trump s visit there. ",1
18934,Austria's Freedom Party expels official over Nazi allegations,"VIENNA (Reuters) - Austria s anti-immigration Freedom Party (FPO) expelled one of its officials in Tyrol province over reports that he had displayed Nazi paraphernalia in the back of his pharmacy, a party spokesman said on Wednesday. The FPO, which is fighting with the Social Democrats for the second place in parliamentary elections on Oct. 15, has on previous occasions expelled provincial officials for owning Nazi-related objects, which is illegal in Austria. In Germany s election on Sunday, the FPO s sister party AfD won 12.6 percent of the vote, becoming the third-largest group in parliament and the first from the far right to win seats in the Bundestag since the 1950s. Austria s FPO is poised to become kingmaker as a junior coalition party, with conservative front-runner Sebastian Kurz expected to gain around a third of the vote with his tough rhetoric on fighting immigration and Islamic  parallel societies . Martin Hochstoeger stepped back from his post as a member of the FPO Tyrol party executive after pictures were spread in Austrian media of a marble slate engraved with a quote by Adolf Hitler, a swastika and a tally of a local vote in 1938 favoring Austria s annexation by Nazi Germany.  Based on current media reports ... I had to expel Dr Martin Hochstoeger last night after internal deliberations,  said the head of the FPO in Tyrol, Markus Abwerzger, citing potential danger for the party s ethos.     A spokesman for prosecutors in Tyrol s main city, Innsbruck, said they were looking into the case. Public broadcaster ORF said on its website Hochstoeger had declined to comment. Austria long presented itself as the first victim of the Nazis, a narrative initially supported by the Allies, even though large parts of Austrian society celebrated the 1938 annexation and many took on roles in the Nazi war effort and the Holocaust. ",1
18935,"China says Taiwan not a country, Taiwan says China needs reality check","BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - China warned self-ruled Taiwan on Wednesday that it would  reap the consequences  of promoting formal independence, a red line for Beijing which claims the island as its own. Taiwan s government hit back, saying it was a reality that the Republic of China, the island s formal name, was a sovereign country and that no matter what China said it could not change this fact. Taiwan is one of China s most sensitive issues. Beijing has never renounced the use of force to bring what it considers a wayward province under its rule.  Defeated Nationalist forces fled to Taiwan in 1949 at the end of the Chinese civil war. Taiwan was a Japanese colony from 1895 until 1945.  Speaking in parliament on Tuesday, newly appointed Taiwan Premier William Lai said he was a  political worker who advocates Taiwan independence , but that it already was an independent country called the Republic of China and so had no need to declare independence. Ma Xiaoguang, spokesman for China s Taiwan Affairs Office, said in reaction that relations across the Taiwan Strait that separates them are not  country to country  relations, and there is no  one China and one Taiwan .  Taiwan is an inseparable part of Chinese territory, has never been a country and can never become a country,  Ma said.  The mainland side resolutely opposes any form of  Taiwan independence  words or action, and will never allow the historical tragedy of national separation to repeat itself. The consequences will be reaped for engaging in Taiwan independence separatism,  he added, without elaborating. Taiwan s Mainland Affairs Council said it did not matter what Beijing said, it was an  objective reality  that the Republic of China was a sovereign state.  Taiwan s future and the development of relations across the Strait will be jointly decided by Taiwan s 23 million people,  it said. Taiwanese officials have said previously that there is no need to declare independence, as the Republic of China is already an independent country, though its territory only covers Taiwan, a few offshore islands close to China and some in the South China Sea.  Relations between Taipei and Beijing have nosedived since Tsai Ing-wen of the pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party won election last year. China suspects her of wanting independence, but she says she wants to maintain peace with China. Beijing has suspended a regular dialogue mechanism with Taipei established under the previous, China-friendly government in Taiwan, and there has been a dramatic reduction in the number of Chinese tourists visiting Taiwan. ",1
18936,New Zealand's kingmaker party defers govt decision until October 7,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - The leader of the New Zealand First Party, which emerged as the kingmaker after an inconclusive weekend election, said on Wednesday he would not make a decision on who should form government until after the Oct. 7 release of a final count. Still to be counted are  special votes , ballots from overseas voters and those who vote outside their home constituencies, which account for 15 percent of total votes. While they are not expected to change the result, with the ruling National Party ahead with a comfortable 10 point lead, they could add seats to the possible Labour-Green coalition, making New Zealand First more comfortable to go with them, despite the fact they did not win the largest number of seats.  I can t with any intelligence - and nor can my colleagues -tell you what we re going to do until we ve seen all the facts,  Winston Peters, the outspoken leader of the New Zealand First Party, told a press conference in Wellington. Peters, who spoke after meeting with his caucus, gave little away on what his party will demand in return for supporting Prime Minister Bill English or opposition Labour leader Ardern to form a coalition government. Negotiations are expected to take weeks, with those who have worked with Peters saying the final decision will be his.  Nobody knows what Winston Peters or NZ First will do, at this stage they don t know what they ll do,  Tau Henare, a former lawmaker for both NZ First and National, tweeted on Wednesday.  But when Winston finds out, they ll know.  The 72-year-old Peters, a colorful populist and former foreign minister, has served in both National and Labour governments in the past. The National Party secured 58 seats, ahead of the 52 won by the Green Party and Labour in Saturday s election, leaving both still in need of NZ First s nine seats to reach the tally of 61 required to form a government. Both parties have indicated in recent days that they are willing to offer the carrot of the deputy leadership to Peters.  An alternative option, and one that Peters took in 2005, was to strike a confidence and supply deal, in which New Zealand  First would vote in favor of a governing party s important legislation, like the budget, but remain outside cabinet. On paper, Peters has more in common with Labour policies,   including curbing immigration, and those who know him say that he d find the option of serving as a high-ranking cabinet member to a relative political newcomer like 37-year-old Ardern an attractive proposition. He has also been scathing of English s performance as leader. But Peters also has a track record of siding with the party that wins the most votes in an election, and is less than complimentary about Labour s minority partner, the Green Party.  Everything is negotiable,  said NZ First MP Tracey Martin.  It depends how flexible the National Party wants to be, I suppose.  Peters has been in parliament since 1978 and was a member of the National Party until he formed New Zealand First in 1993. He was first cast as kingmaker in 1996, when he famously put off coalition talks the day after the election to go fishing. ",1
18937,Wife of vanished British lord at heart of murder mystery found dead,"LONDON (Reuters) - The wife of British aristocrat Lord Lucan, who vanished without trace 43 years ago after the murder of his children s nanny, has been found dead, London police said on Wednesday. The mystery of what happened to Richard Lucan, a dapper, moustachioed lord known as  Lucky , has fascinated the public for decades and speculation about his whereabouts has long been a staple of the British press. Lord Lucan disappeared hours after nanny Sandra Rivett was found bludgeoned to death in his house in central London in 1974. A car he was using was later found on the south English coast with a length of lead piping. It was alleged the peer had mistaken the nanny for his estranged wife Veronica, who was also attacked and fled to a nearby pub covered in blood to raise the alarm. She later identified her husband as the assailant. Police said on Wednesday they had found the body of 80-year-old Lady Lucan after forcing entry to a house in the upmarket Belgravia area of London.  The death is being treated as unexplained but is not believed to be suspicious,  police said. Over the years, the British press have reported supposed sightings of Lord Lucan across the world, including in Australia, India, the Netherlands and South Africa   but his relatives believe him to be dead. The London High Court declared him dead in 1999 and last year a judge issued a death certificate allowing his son George Bingham to inherit his title.  My own personal view, and it was one I took I think as an eight-year-old boy, is he s unfortunately been dead since that time (of his disappearance),  Bingham said last year. One of numerous theories about what became of Lucan, who would now be 82, was that he shot himself and was then fed to tigers at the zoo of his friend John Aspinall. Aspinall himself said in 2000 that Lucan had weighted himself down with a stone and drowned himself in the English Channel. ",1
18938,"Trump: military option for North Korea not preferred, but would be 'devastating'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump warned North Korea on Tuesday that any U.S. military option would be  devastating  for Pyongyang, but said the use of force was not Washington s first option to deal with the country s ballistic and nuclear weapons program.  We are totally prepared for the second option, not a preferred option,  Trump said at a White House news conference, referring to military force.  But if we take that option, it will be devastating, I can tell you that, devastating for North Korea. That s called the military option. If we have to take it, we will.  Bellicose statements by Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in recent weeks have created fears that a miscalculation could lead to action with untold ramifications, particularly since Pyongyang conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3. Despite the increased tension, the United States has not detected any change in North Korea s military posture reflecting an increased threat, the top U.S. military officer said on Tuesday. The assessment by Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, about Pyongyang s military stance was in contrast to a South Korean lawmaker who said Pyongyang had boosted defenses on its east coast.  While the political space is clearly very charged right now, we haven t seen a change in the posture of North Korean forces, and we watch that very closely,  Dunford told a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on his reappointment to his post. In terms of a sense of urgency,  North Korea certainly poses the greatest threat today,  Dunford testified. A U.S. official speaking on the condition of anonymity said satellite imagery had detected a small number of North Korean military aircraft moving to the North s east coast. However the official said the activity did not change their assessment of Pyongyang s military posture. North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho on Monday accused Trump of declaring war on the North and threatened that Pyongyang would shoot down U.S. warplanes flying near the Korean Peninsula after American bombers flew close to it last Saturday. Ri was reacting to Trump s Twitter comments that Kim and Ri  won t be around much longer  if they acted on their threats toward the United States. North Korea has been working to develop nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the U.S. mainland, which Trump has said he will never allow. Dunford said Pyongyang will have a nuclear-capable intercontinental ballistic missile  soon,  and it was only a matter of a  very short time .  We clearly have postured our forces to respond in the event of a provocation or a conflict,  the general said, adding that the United States has taken  all proper measures to protect our allies  including South Korean and Japan.  It would be an incredibly provocative thing for them to conduct a nuclear test in the Pacific as they have suggested, and I think the North Korean people would have to realize how serious that would be, not only for the United States but for the international community,  Dunford said. South Korean lawmaker Lee Cheol-uoo, briefed by the country s spy agency, said North Korea was bolstering its defenses by moving aircraft to its east coast and taking other measures after the flight by U.S. bombers. Lee said the United States appeared to have disclosed the flight route  intentionally because North Korea seemed to be unaware. U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers, escorted by fighter jets, flew east of North Korea in a show of force after the heated exchange of rhetoric between Trump and Kim. The United States has imposed sanctions on 26 people as part of its non-proliferation designations for North Korea and nine banks, including some with ties to China, the U.S. Treasury Department s Office Of Foreign Assets Control Sanctions said on Tuesday. The U.S. sanctions target people in North Korea and some North Korean nationals in China, Russia, Libya and Dubai, according to a list posted on the agency s website. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will visit China from Thursday to Saturday for talks with senior officials that will include the crisis over North Korea and trade, the State Department said on Tuesday. Evans Revere, a former senior diplomat who met with a North Korean delegation in Switzerland this month, said that Pyongyang had been reaching out to  organizations and individuals  to encourage talks with former U.S. officials to get a sense of the Trump administration s thinking.  They ve also been accepting invitations to attend dialogues hosted by others, including the Swiss and the Russians,  he said. Revere said his best guess for why the North Koreans were doing this was because they were  puzzled by the unconventional way that President Trump has been handling the North Korea issue  and were eager to use  informal and unofficial meetings to gain a better understanding of what is motivating Trump and his administration . During a visit to India, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said diplomatic efforts continued. Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said war on the Korean Peninsula would have no winner.  We hope the U.S. and North Korean politicians have sufficient political judgment to realize that resorting to military force will never be a viable way to resolve the peninsula issue and their own concerns,  Lu said. South Korean President Moon Jae-in urged Kim Jong Un to resume military talks and reunions of families split by the 1950-53 Korean War to ease tension.  Like I ve said multiple times before, if North Korea stops its reckless choices, the table for talks and negotiations always remains open,  Moon said. In Moscow, Russia s Foreign Ministry said it was working behind the scenes to find a political solution and that it plans to hold talks with a representative of North Korea s foreign ministry who is due to arrive in Moscow on Tuesday, the RIA news agency cited the North s embassy to Russia as saying. The United States and South Korea are technically still at war with North Korea after the 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce and not a peace treaty. ",1
18939,China says military means not an option to resolve Korea situation,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China said on Wednesday the North Korean nuclear issue should be resolved through dialogue, and that military means were not an option, after U.S. President Donald Trump warned North Korea that any U.S. military option would be  devastating . Bellicose statements by Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in recent weeks have created fears that a miscalculation could lead to action with untold ramifications, particularly since Pyongyang conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3. Speaking at a daily news briefing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang reiterated that China has all along upheld the aim of the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula and protecting the international nuclear non-proliferation system.   At the same we are resolute in working for the protection of the peninsula s peace and stability and uphold a peaceful resolution for the nuclear issue via dialogue and consultation,  Lu said.   We have always believed that military means should not be an option to resolve the nuclear issue on the peninsula. Because arms cannot resolve the differences and can only cause a bigger disaster. No side can accept this,  he added.  We hope all sides can avoid words and actions that intensify the problem and may cause the situation to continue to escalate.   North Korea will be high on the agenda when U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson visits China later this week. While China has been angered by North Korea s repeated nuclear and missile tests and has signed up for increasingly tough United Nations sanctions against Pyongyang, it has also said efforts must be stepped up to resume talks. During a White House news conference on Tuesday, Trump also said the use of force was not Washington s preferred option for dealiong with the North Korea s ballistic and nuclear weapons program. Despite the increased tension, the United States has not detected any change in North Korea s military posture reflecting an increased threat, Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, said on Tuesday. North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho on Monday accused Trump of declaring war on the North and threatened that Pyongyang would shoot down U.S. warplanes flying near the Korean Peninsula after American bombers flew close to it last Saturday. Ri was reacting to Trump s Twitter comments that Kim and Ri  won t be around much longer  if they acted on their threats toward the United States. ",1
18940,"France says Iraqi Kurds against independence push, urges Baghdad concessions","PARIS (Reuters) - France warned Iraq s Kurdish region on Wednesday that a declaration of independence would likely destabilise the region, but called on the central Iraqi government to give the Kurds greater autonomy.  What would be desirable today is that Kurdish Iraq be integrated in the reconstruction of Iraq, reconciliation of Iraq by having the greatest amount of autonomy possible,  Foreign Minister Jean-Yves le Drian told BFM TV.   It does not seem timely today to have independence ... but (if) a declaration of independence happened it would provoke new major crises in the Middle East at a time when Islamic State is being defeated in Iraq.    ",1
18941,British banker to appeal conviction over HK double murders,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Former British banker Rurik Jutting, who was jailed for life in Hong Kong last year for the gruesome murders of two Indonesian women he tortured in his luxury apartment, is planning to appeal, his lawyer said on Wednesday. Jutting, a former Bank of America Employee who is in his early thirties, denied murdering Sumarti Ningsih, 23, and Seneng Mujiasih, 26, in 2014 on the grounds of diminished responsibility due to alcohol and drug abuse and sexual disorders.  He had pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of manslaughter in a case that gripped world media due to graphic video footage seen by the jury and the brutality of the killings. The jury unanimously found Jutting guilty of murder and he was sentenced to life in prison in the former British colony.  Jutting s lawyer Michael Vidler said his appeal hearing would take place on December 12. He added that the appeal would focus on the  directions given by the deputy judge to the jury . Cambridge educated Jutting had showed no emotion when the verdict was read out in an open courtroom last November, packed with international and local journalists. It took the jury, made up of four women and five men, around six hours, including a lunch break, to reach its decision. In closing remarks, the judge had described Jutting as the  archetypal sexual predator  who represented an extreme danger to women, especially in the sex trade. He cautioned that the possibility of a repeat crime would have been very likely. ",1
18942,Thai former PM Yingluck gets five-year jail term for negligence,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thailand s ousted former prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra was handed a five-year prison sentence on Wednesday after the country s highest court found her guilty of negligence in the management of a rice subsidy scheme. Yingluck was due to hear the verdict on Aug. 25, but failed to show up, surprising hundreds of supporters who had gathered at the court. Aides said she had fled Thailand, fearing a harsh sentence. Last month, Reuters reported that she had escaped to Dubai, where her brother, former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra, owns a home. Yingluck, who swept to power in a 2011 general election, introduced a rice subsidy scheme that proved wildly popular with farmers but which the military government says caused billions of dollars in losses. Her government was ousted by the military in 2014. ",1
18943,Pakistan finance minister denies corruption charges,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani Finance Minister Ishaq Dar pleaded not guilty on Wednesday to owning assets beyond his means, an official from the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz said, amid a corruption investigation into former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. The Supreme Court in July disqualified Sharif for not declaring a small source of income and ordered an investigation into Sharif, his children and Dar, Sharif s former accountant. Dar s son is also married to one of Sharif s daughters.  Dar told the court that he was innocent and he will prove that his assets are legitimate,  Jan Achakzai, a PML-N official, told Reuters. Dar did not speak to the media after his appearance in court in Islamabad but has dismissed all the allegations against him. Sharif has also denied any wrongdoing and has been critical of the judiciary, calling the corruption proceedings against him a conspiracy. Several senior PML-N figures, including Sharif s daughter Maryam, have hinted that Pakistan s powerful military were behind Sharif s ouster. The army denies playing any role. Dar was credited with steering Pakistan s economy to a sounder footing following a 2013 balance of payments crisis but over the past year those economic gains have begun to erode, according to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and analysts. Growth in the $300 billion economy hit 5.3 percent last fiscal year (July-June), the fastest pace in a decade, but foreign currency reserves have dwindled and the 2016/17 current account deficit has more than doubled to $12.1 billion. Dar s reluctance to let the rupee weaken to ease current account pressures has courted criticism from economists, who say the PML-N is making economic decisions with one eye on the next general election, likely to be held in mid-2018. Some analysts have warned Pakistan may need to go back to the IMF for another bailout package if current trends continue. Under new Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, Dar has been removed from the post of chairing the cabinet s powerful Economic Coordination Committee. ",1
18944,France says Trump method not best way to tackle North Korea crisis,"PARIS (Reuters) - France s foreign minister said on Wednesday that Donald Trump s verbal jousting with North Korea was perhaps not the best method to handle the nuclear crisis and urged the U.S. president to focus his attention on raising diplomatic pressure on Pyongyang. Bellicose statements by Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in recent weeks have created fears that a miscalculation could lead to action with untold ramifications, particularly since Pyongyang conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3.  Trump s method is perhaps not the best, but at the same time we shouldn t mix up the responsibilities,  Jean-Yves Le Drian told BFM TV.  The country that is breaking with nuclear international agreements is North Korea. President Trump is reacting forcefully to this, but without a doubt there is a way to act in a different way by putting pressure and sanctions.   North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho on Monday accused Trump of declaring war on North Korea and threatened that Pyongyang would shoot down U.S. warplanes flying near the Korean Peninsula after American bombers flew close to it last Saturday. The North Korean minister was reacting to Trump s Twitter comments that Kim and Ri  won t be around much longer  if they acted on their threats toward the United States. Le Drian repeated that a maximum amount of pressure needed to be placed on Pyongyang to get it back to the negotiating table, but warned there was a risk of an accidental military escalation.   The world is living in a dangerous period,  he said.  At the moment we re at a verbal clash, but there could be an incident. We need to avoid incidents.   ",1
18945,"Tillerson to discuss North Korea crisis, trade in China","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will visit China this week for talks that will include the crisis over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs and trade, the State Department said on Tuesday. Tillerson s trip, from Sept. 28 to 30, will also lay the groundwork for President Donald Trump s visit to China in November, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said. Tillerson s visit comes at a time of high tension between the United States and North Korea, China s neighbor and ally, which is working to develop nuclear-tipped missiles capable of reaching the U.S. mainland. President Donald Trump warned North Korea on Tuesday that any U.S. military option against North Korea would be  devastating  for Pyongyang, but said the use of force was not Washington s first option. China has urged a return to dialogue. Nauert called China s steps to implement tougher U.N. sanctions on North Korea after its recent missile and nuclear tests  significant.   We have a good relationship with China,  she told a regular news briefing, adding that this was evidenced by what would be Tillerson s second visit to China in nine months in office.   China has taken enormous steps in the right direction. There is always more that countries can do, but at this point we want to thank China for the steps it has taken in the right direction.  In Beijing on Wednesday, asked for details of Tillerson s visit, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told a regular news briefing only that he would meet China s top diplomat, Yang Jiechi, and Foreign Minister Wang Yi. While backing U.N. sanctions, China, North Korea s main trading partner, opposes unilateral U.S. steps and has been worried Washington might move to freeze its banks out of the global financial system unless they cut ties to Pyongyang. On Tuesday, the U.S. Treasury announced sanctions against 26 more individuals as part of its non-proliferation designations for North Korea, as well as nine North Korean banks, including some with ties to China. Tillerson s visit to Beijing follows one by U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who said on Monday China needed to guarantee fair and reciprocal treatment for U.S. firms, as he tried to strike an upbeat tone amid bilateral trade tension. China-U.S. ties have been strained by Trump s criticism of China s trade practices and by demands that Beijing do more on  North Korea. Chinese President Xi Jinping and Trump met for the first time at Trump s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida in April. Trump has since played up his personal relationship with Xi, even while criticizing China over North Korea and trade. In August, Trump authorized an inquiry into China s alleged theft of intellectual property - his first direct trade measure against Beijing, a move China called  irresponsible.  ",1
18946,Kurdish independence vote damages U.S. efforts to preserve unified Iraq,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A vote by Iraq s minority Kurds for independence is a blow to the United States, which has spent years, billions of dollars and the lives of thousands of troops trying to hold Iraq together, former U.S. officials and other policy experts said. A diplomatic drive to forestall Monday s referendum failed to persuade Kurdish leaders, some of the United States  closest Middle Eastern allies, in what likely will be seen as fresh proof of diminishing American power, they said. The Kurds, who have ruled over a semi-autonomous region within Iraq since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein, consider the result an historic step in a generations-old quest for a state of their own.  This is a major setback,  said James Jeffrey, a former U.S. ambassador to Iraq and now a senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.  It robs us of the argument that only the U.S. can keep Iraq united.    As a result, the United States could find it harder to stop predominantly Shi ite Muslim Iran from filling the vacuum left by Islamic State s defeat through Shi ite militias and other allies in Iraq, Syria, and elsewhere, they said. Moreover, the vote to give Kurdish leaders a mandate to negotiate independence for their region of more than 8.3 million threatens to ignite more strife. That could hinder U.S.-backed efforts to stabilize Iraq, eliminate the remnants of Islamic State, or ISIS, and similar groups.  We see considerable risk,  said a U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.  The gravest danger is a conflict over the disputed oil-rich city of Kirkuk and other ethnically mixed Kurdish-held areas pitting Iraqi troops and Iran-backed Shi ite militias against the Peshmerga, the Kurdistan Regional Government s (KRG) U.S.-trained paramilitary force. Such bloodletting could foreclose Trump administration hopes of promoting negotiations between Baghdad and the KRG and avert a Kurdish declaration of independence.  We say keep your eye on the ball,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said on Tuesday.  This kind of division right now could potentially hurt Iraq.  A conflict also could halt U.S.-backed operations to return home Sunnis displaced by the battles that have reclaimed nearly all the  caliphate  Islamic State declared in 2014.  We are still hopeful of getting people to talk through this stuff rather than doing something more drastic,  said a second U.S. official, who also requested anonymity. The referendum was condemned by neighboring Turkey and Iran, which fear it will embolden independence demands by their Kurdish populations. Ankara and Tehran, trading partners of landlocked Iraqi Kurdistan, are threatening retaliation, fueling fears they could intervene militarily. There were expectations that the U.S., which said it would not recognize the vote, could use its ties to the Iraqi Kurds to persuade KRG President Masoud Barzani to cancel the referendum in exchange for a guarantee of talks with Baghdad. The U.S. protected the Iraqi Kurds when they rebelled against Hussein after the 1991 Gulf War.  The Americans are the midwife of Iraqi Kurdistan,  said Robert Ford, a retired U.S. diplomat now with the Middle East Institute think tank, who served as deputy ambassador to Iraq.  The Kurds moving ahead (with the vote) is a sign of American credibility being much less than it used to be.  The U.S. bid to stop the referendum failed, experts said, in part because the aging Barzani sees fulfilling aspirations for an independent Kurdish state as his legacy. Moreover, said Peter Galbraith, a former U.S. diplomat with ties to Kurdish leaders, the Trump administration mistakenly thought Barzani could weather the backlash from canceling the referendum, which the White House demanded just 10 days before it was held.  This was the most astonishingly inept diplomatic initiative I have ever seen,  Galbraith said.  Former ambassador Jeffrey said the administration also failed to account for Iran s growing influence.  One thing that pushed the Kurds in this direction is the fear that Iraq is coming under the domination of Iran and the Shi ite militias,  he said.  The underlying problem in Iraq is that the Shi ite parties in Baghdad do not want to share power with the Sunni Arabs and the Kurds.  ",1
18947,"Russia warns Iraq, Kurds not to destabilize Middle East after Kurdish vote","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia on Wednesday warned Iraq and the Kurds against taking any steps that might destabilize the Middle East after a Kurdish independence referendum, encouraging both sides to hold talks to find a solution within the framework of a single Iraqi state. The Russian Foreign Ministry, in the same statement, also said that while Moscow respected the Kurds  national ambitions it favored preserving the territorial integrity of Iraq. ",1
18948,New Zealand party leaders meet with caucuses to start negotiation talks,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand s major party leaders met with their caucuses on Tuesday, preparing to kick off talks on forming the next government with a nationalist party that holds the balance of power after an inconclusive weekend election. The ruling National Party won the most seats in Saturday s general election, but failed to secure enough to form a government, leaving the New Zealand First Party in the position of kingmaker. Deputy leaders of both the ruling National and opposition Labour parties said they would be willing to give up the role of deputy prime minister to win the backing of Winston Peters, who  leads New Zealand First. But the Labour Party, whose support spiked after Jacinda Ardern became leader last month, also has a chance to govern in New Zealand s proportional representation system, if it can woo Peters into a coalition along with the Green Party. Ardern said she had  every chance  to become the country s youngest prime minister in modern history, adding that her team had contacted that of Peters, a veteran politician who has served in National and Labour governments.  We are willing and available when he is ready,  Ardern, 37, told reporters in Wellington.   I respect the time that Mr. Peters will need to talk with his party.  Asked about possible sticking points in talks, she said budget responsibility rules would apply in any government Labour led.   Both National and Labour are expected to stick to fiscal prudence, but to differ on monetary policy, trade and immigration. Labour wants to cut immigration and renegotiate some trade deals that could hurt two key sources of growth. It wants to add employment to the central bank s inflation-targeting mandate, which could make monetary policy more stimulatory, and there is some concern about New Zealand First s preference for more central bank intervention in the currency market. The political uncertainty weighed on the New Zealand dollar , which was down 0.32 percent at $0.7243, after posting its biggest daily drop in more than four months on Monday. Forming a coalition government could take weeks, Prime Minister Bill English has said, though he hoped talks would be constructive, even if expected to be tense. English has courted Peters since election night, when he acknowledged his  strong performance , saying voters had given him a role in the new government s formation.  He understands his role and the role here is, now that we ve had an election where the people have spoken... then it s up to the political party leaders to form the kind of government indicated by the election,  English told media. The National Party secured 58 seats, ahead of the 52 won by the Green Party and Labour in Saturday s election, leaving both still in need of NZ First s nine seats to reach the tally of 61 required to form a government. A final tally of election results is due on Oct. 7, when  special votes , which constitute 15 percent of the total and include overseas votes, are released. English remains prime minister in the interim. ",1
18949,Saudi king decrees women be allowed to drive,"RIYADH/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Saudi King Salman on Tuesday ordered that women be allowed to drive cars, ending a conservative tradition seen by rights activists as an emblem of the Islamic kingdom s repression of women. The kingdom, the birthplace of Islam, has been widely criticized for being the only country in the world that bans women from driving, despite gradual improvement on some women s issues in recent years and ambitious government targets to increase their public role, especially in the workforce. Despite trying to cultivate a more modern image in recent years, the driving ban had been a longstanding stain on Saudi Arabia s international image. The royal decree ordered the formation of a ministerial body to give advice within 30 days and then implement the order by June 24, 2018, according to state news agency SPA. It stipulated that the move must  apply and adhere to the necessary Sharia standards , referring to Islamic law. It gave no details but said a majority of the Council of Senior Religious Scholars, Saudi Arabia s top clerical body, had approved its permissibility. An hour after the official announcement in Saudi Arabia, a jubilant Saudi ambassador to Washington, Prince Khaled bin Salman, said it was  an historic and big day in our kingdom .  I think our leadership understands that our society is ready. I think it s the right decision at the right time,  the ambassador said. Positive reactions quickly poured in from inside the kingdom and around the world.  The U.S. State Department welcomed the move as  a great step in the right direction . President Donald Trump commended the decision, the White House said in a separate statement that  pledged U.S. support for a plan the Kingdom announced last year for economic and social reforms.  This is a positive step toward promoting the rights and opportunities of women in Saudi Arabia,  the White House statement said.  We will continue to support Saudi Arabia in its to efforts to strengthen Saudi society and the economy through reforms like this and the implementation of Saudi Vision 2030.  For more than 25 years, women activists have campaigned to be allowed to drive, defiantly taking to the road, petitioning the king and posting videos of themselves behind the wheel on social media. The protests brought them arrest and harassment. Activist Manal al-Sherif, who was arrested in 2011 after a driving protest, took to Twitter following the king s announcement to express her relief.  Today, the last country on earth to allow women to drive... we did it , she wrote. Latifa al-Shaalan, a member of the Shura Council, an  advisory body, said the decision would strengthen women s employment in the private sector.  This is an historic day and I cannot find the words to express my feelings and the feelings of thousands of Saudi women,  she said on Arabiya TV. In Saudi Arabia, a top Arab ally of the United States, women are legally subject to a male guardian, who must give approval to basic decisions they make in fields including education, employment, marriage, travel plans and even medical treatment. Women in the kingdom are also bound by law to wear long robes and a headscarf and require the consent of a male guardian for most legal actions. Prince Khaled, the ambassador, said women would not need permission from their guardians to get a license or have a guardian in the car and would be allowed to drive anywhere in the kingdom, including the Islamic holy cities of Mecca and Medina. Women with a license from any of the Gulf Cooperation Council countries would be allowed to drive in Saudi Arabia, he added. He said the Interior Ministry would have to decide whether they could be professional drivers.  In terms of international PR, this is the biggest overnight win that Saudi Arabia - and particularly MBS - could possibly have,  said Jane Kinninmont, senior research fellow at Chatham House. The position of Saudi women gradually improved under late King Abdullah and since King Salman took over in 2015, the kingdom has been opening more areas for women through the government s modernizing reforms. That has sparked tensions with influential clerics upon whose support the ruling family relies. Some reactions to Tuesday s announcement reflected that. Critics took to Twitter to denounce the decision, accusing the government of  bending the verses of Sharia .  As far as I remember, Sharia scholars have said it was haram (forbidden) for women to drive. How come it has suddenly become halal (permissible)?  another user wrote. Asked whether he was worried about a conservative backlash, the ambassador said:  On these changes some people will be in the drivers  seat... some people will be in the back seat, but we re all going to move forward.   He added:  It s not women must drive, it s women can drive. So if any women do not want to drive in Saudi Arabia, that s her choice.  Some leading members of the country s powerful and austere Sunni Muslim clergy have argued against women being allowed to drive, which they say could lead to them mingling with unrelated men, thereby breaching strict gender segregation rules. The decision could also have broad economic impacts, making it possible for women to get to work without a driver but also curbing the popularity of car hailing apps like Uber and Careem. Prince Khaled, a son of the king, said the decision was as much about economic reform as social change. His older brother, 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed, has become the face of reform in the kingdom in the past few years. Many younger Saudis regard his ascent as evidence that their generation is taking a central place in running a country whose patriarchal traditions have for decades made power the province of the old and blocked women s progress.      Oh my God, this is amazing. Ever since Mohammed bin Salman s rise, he has fast-tracked all the changes that are needed for our country,  said Marwa Afandi, a 35-year-old event planner in the Red Sea city of Jeddah.  Congratulations to all my ladies, this is a real victory.  ",1
18950,"Tokyo governor launches new party, won't run for election herself","TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo governor Yuriko Koike on Wednesday formally launched a new party promising conservative reform, stepping up her challenge to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and adding to uncertainty about the outlook for a general election widely expected next month. But the popular former ruling party lawmaker, who is already upstaging Abe in the media and complicating forecasts, said she herself would not seek a seat in parliament s lower house now.  Abe said on Monday he would call the snap election to reset his mandate, betting that his Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and junior coalition party can keep their majority in parliament s lower house, where they hold a two-thirds  super majority . Abe will dissolve the lower house on Thursday for a vote expected on Oct. 22. At a news conference launching her  Party of Hope,  Koike repeated promises to form a party without ties to vested interests in order to  reset Japan.   If at this time we don t reset Japan, we won t be able to sufficiently protect our international competitiveness and national security,  said Koike, a former defence minister who quit the LDP earlier this year. There had been speculation that Koike would choose to run in the election herself, but she said she would remain in her position as governor.  Koike s new party is staking out a policy space similar to that of the conservative LDP and the right-wing of the main opposition Democratic Party, a mixture of conservatives and liberals. But her calls for open government, a freeze on a planned sales tax hike from 2019, an end to nuclear power and a promise to promote diversity give it a more populist tinge.  The Nikkei business daily reported on Wednesday that Koike s party was in merger talks with the Democrats and she had met with Democratic Party leader Seiji Maehara on Tuesday for discussions, but Koike made no reference to the issue. The Nikkei said prospects for a merger were uncertain, since Koike has suggested she was not keen and the move could trigger a split in the Democratic Party. The party has been struggling with single-digit support rates and several members have defected to run for Koike s new party. The Democrats have also been in talks with the Japanese Communist Party about cooperating to run unified candidates but conservatives, including Maehara, are wary of that strategy. Koike, 65, defied the LDP to run successfully for the Tokyo governorship a year ago and fielded candidates who routed the LDP in an election for the metropolitan assembly in July.  Koike has said she aimed to push reformist policies, open government and an end to reliance on nuclear power. She has also called for a freeze on a plan to raise the national sales tax to 10 percent from 8 percent in 2019. Abe said he would go ahead with the tax hike and spend some of the revenue on education and child care. Abe s decision to go to the polls is seen as an effort to  take advantage of confusion in the opposition camp and an uptick in his support rates, which have rebounded to around 50 percent amid jitters over North Korea s nuclear and missile programmes. His support had fallen below 30 percent in July due to suspected cronyism scandals. ",1
18951,Cuba warns U.S. against hasty decisions in mysterious illness in diplomats,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Cuba s top diplomat warned the United States on Tuesday against taking hasty decisions over alleged incidents that have harmed U.S. embassy staff in Havana and urged its authorities to cooperate on the investigation into the mysterious affair. Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez had called for Tuesday s meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington to discuss the case, which has been threatening the already fragile detente between the two former Cold War foes. The highest level meeting to take place between the two countries since U.S. President Donald Trump took office came 10 days after Tillerson said the United States was considering closing its recently re-opened embassy in Havana.  The Foreign Minister reaffirmed that the investigation to resolve this matter is still in progress,  the Cuban Foreign Ministry said in a statement, noting that  effective cooperation  of U.S. authorities was essential.   It would be regrettable that a matter of this nature is politicized and that hasty decisions not supported by conclusive evidence and investigation results are taken.  The meeting  took place in a respectful ambiance , the  Cuban Foreign Ministry said. The U.S. State Department said the conversation was  firm and frank  and Tillerson  conveyed the gravity of the situation and underscored the Cuban authorities  obligations to protect Embassy staff.  Washington earlier this year expelled two Cuban diplomats over the alleged incidents, which it says caused symptoms from hearing loss to nausea in U.S. embassy staff and their families in Havana, although it has so far not laid blame on Cuba. Cuba reiterated on Tuesday that it  has never perpetrated nor will it ever perpetrate attacks of any kind against diplomats,  and said it had implemented additional measures to protect U.S. personnel since they reported the incidents. The case has brought simmering tensions between the two countries since Trump took office to the boil. Trump, who in June vowed to partially roll back the detente with Cuba agreed by his Democratic predecessor, President Barack Obama, called the Communist-run nation  corrupt and destabilizing  in his address to the United Nations General Assembly last week.  He said he would not lift the U.S. trade embargo on the Caribbean island until it made  fundamental reforms.  Cuba described his comments as  unacceptable and meddling.   Cuba s investigation had uncovered  no evidence so far of the cause or the origin of the health disorders reported by the U.S. diplomats,  the country s Foreign Ministry said. Experts agree it is hard to see how any attacks could have been carried out or what the motivation could be. Theories abound, from surveillance technology gone awry to a sophisticated acoustic weapon in the hands of Cuban-American exiles or third-party state actors such as Russia, Iran or North Korea, but most flounder. Audiologists, for example, have raised doubt over the possibility of whether any sonic weapon exists that can be used covertly to bring about the range of symptoms mentioned by diplomats. ",1
18952,Brazil's top prosecutor says committed to 'Car Wash' probe,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s new Prosecutor General Raquel Dodge said on Tuesday she is committed to continuing the sprawling  Car Wash  corruption investigation that has implicated dozens of Brazilian politicians, including President Michel Temer. In her first news conference since taking office on Sept. 18, Dodge declined to comment on charges filed against Temer by her predecessor Rodrigo Janot, but she said she could not withdraw them.  Janot charged Temer with obstruction of justice and being a member of a criminal organization days before leaving office based on plea bargain testimony by the owners of meatpacker JBS SA. Janot had to revoke that plea deal after evidence emerged of crimes committed by the witnesses. Dodge, however, told reporters that the revoking of a plea deal did not erase the evidence provided. The lower house of Congress, which has the authority to decide whether a president should stand trial, began to discuss the new charges on Tuesday and is expected to block them as it did last month with an earlier graft charge brought against Temer for allegedly accepting bribes paid by JBS. Dodge said the Supreme Court must decide whether the Federal Police can also negotiate plea bargains with criminals, an authority currently limited to prosecutors who have opposed sharing the function with the police. Plea bargains have been instrumental for prosecutors in the uncovering of a massive network of bribes and political kickbacks in Brazil s largest corruption scandal.    I am sure that the Supreme Court will hand down a ruling that will turn this into an valuable tool,  she said. ",1
18953,"Chile left-wing candidates could form alliance, threatening market rally","SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Chile s stock market has priced in a victory of conservative presidential candidate Sebastian Pinera, even though progressive candidates could form an alliance in a December runoff, traders and analysts said. The IPSA stock market index has surged 27 percent this year and is on track for its best year since 2010, spurred by a rebound in prices of top-export copper and polls that have shown Pinera ahead in the race. Pinera, a wealthy businessman and supporter of free-market policies, is expected to come in first by a wide margin in November s first-round vote, but he is unlikely to win an absolute majority. That would result in a close runoff against the leading progressive candidate.  The majority is left of center,  said Kenneth Bunker, a political scientist at Universidad Central de Chile.  A Pinera victory depends on division within the left.  The most recent GfK Adimark poll shows Pinera, who has consolidated the support of the country s political right, leading at 34 percent of the vote. Center-left Senator Alejandro Guillier is second with 16 percent, well ahead of several candidates promising to continue President Michelle Bachelet s socially progressive policies. Hard-left candidate Beatriz Sanchez, who has proposed billions of dollars in new taxes on mining companies, was third at 15 percent. As campaigning officially began last week, Guillier appealed for unity, saying in a radio interview that he would share his policy platform with rivals on the left to try to align their positions.  No one doubts that in the second round we will all be together,  Guillier said at a rally. While Chile remains one of Latin America s most business-friendly countries, public debt has grown as falling copper prices hit government revenue, and Bachelet critics say she has not prioritized growth. Last month, her top economic officials resigned in part over the government s rejection of a $2.5 billion copper and iron project on environmental grounds. Investors are particularly attentive to candidates  proposals related to mining, Chile s most important industry. Guillier and Pinera have both pledged to streamline the mine permitting process, though Guillier has suggested modifying free-trade accords to promote domestic mineral processing. In a banner year for emerging markets, the IPSA has outpaced most regional peers. Brazil s Bovespa Index has surged 24 percent, Peru s leading index is up 20 percent, and Colombia s COLCAP index is up 9 percent. Only Argentina s Merval, up 49 percent, has surged more.  The industrial and raw materials sectors have led Chile s market gains, surging 55 and 41 percent year to date, respectively. Lithium miner Sociedad Quimica y Minera de Chile SA has risen 77 percent in the past 9 months, while shipping firm Compania Sud Americana de Vapores SA is up 97 percent. In recent client notes, Credit Suisse and J.P. Morgan have said the so-called  Pinera effect  has passed and that now might be the time for traders to take profits or wait for election results. Hugo Rubio, president of brokerage BTG Pactual Chile, said a Pinera loss would cause a double-digit drop in the stock market, though the full extent would depend on the candidate.   It s a risk the markets don t seem to be alive to at this stage,  said Edward Glossop, emerging markets economist at Capital Economics in London.  The risks are to the downside.  ",1
18954,Singaporean blogger released after winning U.S. ruling for asylum,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A young Singaporean blogger who says he was persecuted for his political opinions in the Southeast Asian country was released on Tuesday from U.S. detention in Chicago after a federal immigration panel ruled in his favor.     The federal Board of Immigration Appeals upheld a March decision by a Chicago immigration judge granting asylum to Amos Yee, 18, who had been jailed twice in Singapore for social media postings critical of government officials, his attorneys said on Tuesday.  Now I can criticize the Singapore government without being sent to prison,  Yee told Reuters after his release.  Yee s trials in Singapore were closely watched by rights groups and the United Nations, and fueled debate in Singapore over censorship, the limits of free speech and political correctness. Yee had been in U.S. immigration detention since December 2016 when he arrived seeking asylum, according to Yee s attorney  Sandra Grossman. The court made its ruling on Sept. 21, but Grossman said she only learned of the outcome this week. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security, which opposed Yee s asylum application and argued the Singapore government had legitimately prosecuted him, could not be immediately reached.  The department could appeal the ruling to a circuit court but Grossman said she believed it was unlikely. Chicago immigration Judge Samuel Cole found Yee s prosecution, detention and treatment by Singapore authorities  constitute(s) persecution on account of Yee s political opinions.  Officials at Singapore s embassy in Washington could not be immediately reached for comment Tuesday. In March, the country s Ministry of Home Affairs issued a statement in which it quoted Yee s remarks against Muslims and Christians and noted Yee had pleaded guilty to charges against him. In September last year, Yee pleaded guilty to six charges of deliberately posting comments on the internet - in videos, blog posts and a picture - that were critical of Christianity and Islam. He was sentenced to six weeks in jail. In 2015, Yee was convicted on charges of harassment and insulting a religious group over comments he made about former premier Lee Kuan Yew and Christians soon after Lee s death. His sentence at the time amounted to four weeks in jail. The case now goes back to a Chicago immigration court to complete any security investigations or exams as part of the asylum process. ",1
18955,"After German election, France's Macron paints sweeping vision for Europe","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron offered an ambitious vision for European renewal on Tuesday, calling for the EU to work more closely on defense and immigration and for the euro zone to have its own budget, ideas he may struggle to implement. In a nearly two-hour speech delivered two days after the German election in which Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative CDU/CSU bloc scored its worst result since 1949, limiting her freedom to maneuver on Europe, the 39-year-old French president held little back in terms of sweep, self-assurance and aspiration. But at a time when Europe is beset by tensions between east and west and battling to overcome nearly a decade of draining economic crisis, Macron s earnest and at times high-brow discourse ran the risk of falling on deaf ears.  Speaking at the Sorbonne, he portrayed Europe as needing to relaunch itself, saying that on issues as diverse as asylum, border protection, corporate tax, intelligence sharing, defense and financial stability it needed much deeper cooperation.  The only path that assures our future is the rebuilding of a Europe that is sovereign, united and democratic,  the former investment banker and philosophy student said, flanked by a French and a European Union flag.  At the beginning of the next decade, Europe must have a joint intervention force, a common defense budget and a joint doctrine for action.  In his run for the presidency, Macron made European reform a central plank of his centrist campaign, and he and Merkel have spoken frequently about their desire for France and Germany, the European Union s two largest economies and often its engines of change, to take the lead on integration. But five months into his five-year term, Macron faces the threat that Merkel, 63 and looking to start her fourth term, has less capacity to move than either would have hoped. Her alliance is still the largest bloc in the Bundestag, but to build a working majority she will likely have to form a coalition with the Greens and the liberal Free Democrats (FDP), who are opposed to many of Macron s ideas. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, a senior member of the Social Democrats (SPD), hailed Macron s speech  a passionate plea against nationalism and for Europe .  He can count on us,  said Gabriel, whose party has ruled out being part of a new grand coalition.  Rather than tailoring his speech to fit the contours of what the FDP, the Greens or Merkel may have wanted to hear, Macron kept his vision broad and far-reaching, while also detailing some specific ideas for an improved euro zone.  A budget can only go hand-in-hand with strong political leadership led by a common (finance) minister and a strong parliamentary supervision at the European level,  he said, emphasizing the need for democratic accountability. The fiscally conservative FDP dislikes the idea of a euro zone budget or any facility that may lead to financial transfers from wealthier euro zone countries to poorer ones, as well as the possibility of national debt being pooled. The party has also called for phasing out Europe s ESM bailout fund, which Macron wants to turn into a European Monetary Fund, and wants to see changes to EU treaties that would allow countries to leave the euro zone.  You don t strengthen Europe with new pots of money,  Alexander Lambsdorff, an FDP member in the European Parliament, said on Twitter in reaction to Macron s speech. In a statement issued by the FDP in Berlin, Lambsdorff said:  The problem in Europe is not a lack of public funds, but the lack of reform. A euro zone budget would set exactly the wrong incentives.  Not shying away from addressing Germany directly even as it tries to resolve the fallout from Sunday s election, Macron set an objective that the two countries completely integrate their markets and corporate rules by 2024.  We share the same European ambitions and I know her commitment to Europe,  he said of Merkel.  I m proposing to Germany a new partnership. We will not agree on everything, not immediately, but we will discuss everything.  In Berlin on Monday, Merkel said it was important to move beyond catchphrases and provide detail on how Europe could be improved. It was not immediately clear whether Macron had managed to go beyond slogans as far as Merkel was concerned.  But Martin Selmayr, the chief of staff of European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, said the proposals to reinforce the euro zone would be discussed alongside Juncker s own at a euro zone summit planned for December. Italy s EU affairs minister, Sandro Gozi, said the speech would inspire European leaders into action.  An excellent speech by Emmanuel Macron on reviving the European Union. Let s work on this together, starting tomorrow at the Lyon Summit,  he said, referring to a meeting of the Italian and French leaders to discuss industrial policy.  Macron said he hoped his ideas would be taken into account in Germany s coalition building negotiations. Those talks are not expected to begin until mid-October and may take several months.   Some had said I should wait for the coalition talks to be concluded,  Macron said, adding had he done so, the reaction in Berlin would have been:  Your proposals are great but it s too late, the coalition deal already lays out what will we do on Europe for the next four years.  ",1
18956,IAEA chief calls for clarity on disputed section of Iran nuclear deal,"neVIENNA (Reuters) - The U.N. nuclear watchdog s chief urged major powers on Tuesday to clarify a part of their nuclear deal with Iran dealing with technology that could be used to develop an atom bomb, an area Russia said the agency should leave alone. The 2015 pact between six major powers and Iran restricts its nuclear activities in exchange for the lifting of sanctions against the Islamic Republic. Compliance with those curbs is being verified by the International Atomic Energy Agency. IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano has defended the deal as a major step forward while declining to comment specifically on criticism of it by the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump, who has called the accord - reached by predecessor Barack Obama -  an embarrassment to the United States . But while Nikki Haley, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, has infuriated Tehran by saying the IAEA should widen its inspections to include military sites, diplomats say Russia has been trying to restrict the agency s role by arguing it has no authority to police a broadly worded section of the deal. That section bans  activities which could contribute to the development of a nuclear explosive device . It lists examples such as using computer models that simulate a nuclear bomb, or designing multi-point, explosive detonation systems. Unlike many other parts of the deal, the provision, known as Section T, makes no mention of the IAEA or specifics of how it will be verified. Russia says that means the IAEA has no authority over it. Western powers and the agency disagree.  Our tools are limited,  Amano told Reuters when asked if his agency had the means to verify Section T.  In other sections, for example, Iran has committed to submit declarations, place their activities under safeguards or ensure access by us. But in Section T I don t see any (such commitment).  Amano said he hoped the parties to the agreement would discuss the issue in the Joint Commission, a forum created by the deal, adding that even a clearer definition of terms such as the technology referred to would be an improvement.  More clarification would be helpful ... Russia has a different view. They believe that it is not the mandate of the IAEA. Others have different views and discussions are ongoing.  Trump has hinted that he may not recertify the agreement when it comes up for review by a mid-October deadline, in which case the U.S. Congress would have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the accord, known officially as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). Amano repeated, however, that Iran was implementing its nuclear commitments under the deal. He said complementary access - often consisting of short-notice inspections carried out under the IAEA Additional Protocol, which Iran is implementing under the accord - was going smoothly.     Complementary access in Iran is being undertaken without problem and the number of accesses is quite high,  he said. When asked if a successful Iran deal could help encourage a political solution in nuclear-armed North Korea, to which the IAEA has no access, Amano said the two situations were quite different. But he added:  I also do not say that there s no comparison, because in the JCPOA s case, diplomacy worked.  ",1
18957,Top U.S. general says exiting Iran nuclear pact would make future deals tough,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. military officer said on Tuesday Iran was complying with the pact curbing its nuclear program and warned that any American decision to walk away from it would make other nations less likely to enter into agreements with the United States. President Donald Trump is considering whether to withdraw from the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers including the United States, calling the accord an  embarrassment.  Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the Senate Armed Services Committee that Iran was complying with its obligations under the nuclear deal, but had increased its activity in other areas.  Iran is projecting malign influence across the Middle East, threatening freedom of navigation, while supporting terrorist organizations in Syria, Iraq and Yemen,  Dunford said. The committee s top Democrat, Senator Jack Reed, asked Dunford whether walking away from the Iran nuclear pact would affect the U.S. ability to negotiate with North Korea or devise  a non-military solution toward Pyongyang.  It makes sense to me that our holding up agreements that we have signed, unless there is a material breech, would have an impact on others  willingness to sign agreements,  Dunford said during his reappointment hearing. Trump this year also announced he would withdraw the United States from the international Paris climate agreement and the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement. U.S. officials, including senior military leaders, have said that the first option to deal with the threat posed by North Korea s nuclear and ballistic missile program is through diplomacy. The ambassadors to the United States from Britain, France, Germany and the European Union all strongly backed the nuclear agreement with Iran on Monday as long as Tehran continues to comply with the pact. If Trump does not recertify by Oct. 16 that Iran is in compliance with the agreement, Congress would have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions on Tehran suspended under the accord. That would let Congress, controlled by Trump s fellow Republicans, effectively decide whether to kill the deal. Although congressional leaders have declined to say whether they would seek to reimpose sanctions, Republican lawmakers were united in their opposition to the deal reached by Democratic former President Barack Obama. A collapse of the deal could trigger a regional arms race and worsen Middle East tensions. Dunford said that while North Korea currently poses the most urgent threat, Russia presents the biggest threat in terms of overall military capability. Asked if he supported U.S. lethal aid to Russia s neighbor Ukraine, Dunford said he does and has  made that recommendation  within the administration. He said discussion of the issue has reached the White House, but did not say when a decision would be made. Ukraine has sought U.S. support against Russia since a pro-Western government took power following street protests in 2014, when the Kremlin-backed president fled the country. Russia seized Crimea from Ukraine the same year. Dunford also said the United States would not be able to  attain our objectives  in Afghanistan, where American forces have been deployed since 2001, without a change of behavior by neighboring Pakistan.  It is unacceptable that Pakistan provides sanctuary, and we ought to bring the full weight of the U.S. government and our coalition partners on Pakistan to ensure that they do not provide the sanctuary that they have provided historically to groups like Haqqani and the Taliban,  Dunford said. U.S. officials remain frustrated by what they term Pakistan s unwillingness to act against Islamist militant groups including the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani network. The Trump administration is exploring whether to harden its approach toward Pakistan to crack down on militants launching strikes in Afghanistan. Pakistan argues that it has done a great deal to help the United States in tracking down militants, and says it has suffered hundreds of deaths in Islamist attacks in response to its crackdowns. ",1
18958,Saudi ambassador to U.S. says his society is ready to let women drive,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s ambassador to the United States, speaking to reporters on Tuesday after the kingdom announced it would permit women to drive, said the decision was not just a major social change but part of the country s economic reforms.  I think our leadership understands our society is ready,  Prince Khalid bin Salman bin Abdulaziz said. He said women would not need to get permission from a legal guardian to get a license and would not need a guardian in the car when they drive. ",1
18959,"Philippines' Duterte wants U.S. help in fighting drugs, blames triads","MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte urged the United States on Tuesday to help control drugs smuggling, blaming Taiwan and Hong Kong-based criminal gangs for using his country as a shipping hub. In a speech, he also said illegal drugs had funded the seizure by Islamist militants of large parts of the southern city of Marawi in May. More than 800 people have died in the conflict, which Duterte said was triggered by an attempt to arrest a drug personality, who he did not identify.   The Philippines is a transhipment of shabu to America,  Duterte told members of the Philippine Constitution Association, referring to the local term for methamphetamine.  It behoves upon America to work closely with the Republic of the Philippines, especially on this serious matter.  Duterte, who was elected 16 months ago on promises to fight corruption, crime and drugs, said the so-called 14-K triads in Hong Kong and the Taiwan-based Bamboo triads were using the country as a transhipment point.  We are flooded with drugs. This is the first time I would reveal it ... the Philippines today is a client state of the Bamboo triad. They have taken over the operations,  he added. Duterte gave no details of the source of his information. Washington has said it supports the country s anti-drug efforts but has also urged Manila to respect human rights and the rule of law in its operations. More than 3,800 people have died in gunfights with police and soldiers in anti-drug operations nationwide since June last year, according to the government. Human rights groups say the figure is much higher. ",1
18960,Commandos storm plane in Philippines-U.S. hijack simulation,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine commandos and law enforcers have practiced hostage negotiations and the storming of a commercial jet to free American passengers in a major joint exercise with U.S. counterparts to boost the country s counter-terrorism readiness. The Philippine defense ministry on Tuesday said some 1,200 uniformed and civilian Filipino and American personnel took part in the exercise  Tempest Wind  last week at a former U.S. air force base outside Manila and in Hawaii. Most of the Filipino civilian participants were not told it was a drill. The simulation was the latest exercise between the two longtime defense treaty allies at a critical time for the Philippines, which is facing its biggest internal security crisis in years as supporters of Islamic State try to gain a foothold in the south. Defence department spokesman Arsenio Andolong said civilian participants were told a plane from Sydney bound for Honolulu had been seized mid-air by eight Islamic State militants, and was making an emergency landing in Clark, north of Manila. He said the hijacking was made to appear realistic when officials from the U.S. State Department and Federal Bureau of Investigation started to provide technical intelligence about the hijackers and the flight manifest to Philippine authorities.  Many of the participants were unaware of the drill until the last minute, thinking the hijacking was for real,  Andolong told reporters. He said the operation was executed by Filipino forces guided by U.S. information and technical advice. The drill featured a negotiation phase, when Philippine authorities talked around the clock with hijackers for nearly 72 hours before commandos were sent in to  neutralize  all eight hijackers. In the scenario, some of the 182 passengers were killed.   The drill gave both sides valuable lessons on dealing with such crisis,  Andolong said.  There were many operational and tactical gaps discovered. Even the U.S. found some of its protocols did not work the way it is expected.  Militaries of both countries have for decades held training exercises in trans-national crime, disaster response and maritime security.  Washington has provided more than $700 million in security aid to the Philippines over the past 17 years. Most recently, the United States has been providing technical support to Philippine ground and air forces, who have battled for four months to retake southern Marawi City from Islamic State loyalists. The joint exercises do not, however, have the support of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who has made clear his disdain for the rotating U.S. troop presence in his country during frequent tirades against the former colonial power. Defence Secretary Delfin Lorenzana said the hijacking exercise was the first of its kind involving multiple levels of security and civilian authorities.   The drill was designed to provide realistic scenarios on terrorism that demanded both high-level engagements and responses on tactical level,  he said. ",1
18961,Mexico in three-day countdown to search for earthquake survivors,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Rescuers are unlikely to find any more survivors of Mexico s earthquake still buried in the ruins and will cease operations to find them at the end of Thursday, the emergency services chief said. Tuesday marks one week since the 7.1 magnitude quake struck around lunchtime, killing 331 people, damaging 11,000 homes and leading to a outpouring of civilian volunteers to aid and comfort the victims. Luis Felipe Puente, coordinator of Mexico s Civil Protection agency, told Reuters that rescuers would continue hand-picking through the debris at four sites until Thursday.  I can say that at this time it would be unlikely to find someone alive,  Puente said, considering that specially trained dogs have yet to pick up the scent of survivors. Forty-three people were still missing, including 40 who may have been trapped beneath a collapsed office building in the Roma district of Mexico City, Puente said. One person was believed missing at each of three other sites in the capital. At the office building, relatives protested overnight, increasingly angry with the slow progress recovering their loved ones and an alleged lack of information. Asked how much longer search and rescue operations would continue, the official responded,  As of today (Monday), we have agreed to another 72 hours.  The week began with signs that Mexico was resuming its routine as the streets filled with traffic and more than 44,000 schools in six states reopened.  But in the capital city, only 676 of the more than 8,000 public and private schools resumed classes.  The quake, coming exactly 32 years after a 1985 earthquake killed some 10,000 people, delivered a massive psychological blow that specialists say will take time to overcome.  The children are in crisis and don t want to talk. Some kids didn t even remember their own names,  said Enriqueta Ortuno, 57, a psychotherapist who has been working with victims in the hard-hit Xochimilco district. Much of the nation s attention was focused on a fallen school in Mexico City where 19 children and seven adults died. Later on Tuesday, the top official in the municipality where the school was located was due to reveal documents related to the its construction. That school was one of many buildings that prosecutors will investigate, Puente said. Roughly 10 percent of damaged buildings were constructed after strict building codes were enacted in the wake of the 1985 earthquake.  The Mexico City mayor and the national government have already ordered judicial investigations to determine who was responsible for new construction that did not meet the requirements,  Puente said from Civil Protection headquarters, where a roomful of technicians monitored seismic activity and tropical storms on an array of screens. In Mexico City, 187 people died in 38 buildings that collapsed. Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera said thousands of families who lost their homes in uninhabitable buildings would be offered 3,000 ($170) pesos monthly in temporary rent assistance. Rescuers pulled 69 people from quake-damaged properties, of whom 37 were still in the hospital as of Monday, 11 of them in grave condition, Puente said. Demolitions of buildings that are beyond repair could begin as soon as Tuesday, he said. Responders from 18 countries came to Mexico to help, but with the search for survivors down to four sites most of them had gone home, with Americans and Israelis among the few to remain, Puente said. The Japanese contingent left on Monday. International aid was now focused on humanitarian needs, Puente said, with China providing large numbers of beds, tents and kitchen and bathroom fixtures for temporary shelters for the  homeless. But the biggest contributions came from Mexicans themselves, who responded with so much food, supplies and volunteer work that officials had difficulty moving largesse from wealthy and accessible neighborhoods to the most needy. Puente recognized some  deficiencies  in coordinating relief efforts, but overall, he said,  The government today is an international benchmark.  ",1
18962,North Korea's bark may be worse than bite in threat to shoot down U.S. bombers,"SEOUL/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea has threatened to shoot down U.S. bombers flying near the Korean peninsula, but it would have difficulty  matching its words with action given aging air defense systems mostly dating to the Cold War, military experts said. In intensifying rhetoric between the United States and North Korea during the past week, President Donald Trump said the U.S. would  destroy  the country if it threatened the U.S. or its allies. Pyongyang s foreign minister Ri Yong Ho responded that  Trump had  declared war  and North Korea reserved the right to take countermeasures, including shooting down U.S. bombers, even if they were not in its air space. In a show of force on Saturday, U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers escorted by fighters flew east of North Korea, in what the Pentagon said was the farthest north of the Korean Demilitarized Zone that any U.S. fighter jet or bomber has flown in the 21st century. The supersonic B-1B bombers have elaborate electronic countermeasures and are usually escorted by four F-15 fighters, which are likely to prevail in any air combat with North Korea s aging air force, said Bruce Bennett, a military expert at the Rand Corporation think tank.  (And) if the North Koreans try to overwhelm the F-15 escorts by sending up dozens of their fighters, the United States will know that is happening, and would have the option of flying away from North Korea and heading towards Japan,  Bennett said. North Korea could attempt to fire surface-to-air missiles at the U.S. aircraft, but its systems would barely have the range to strike targets outside of North Korean airspace, missile experts said.  If U.S. planes remain off-shore, they would be reasonably safe,  said Michael Elleman, a missile expert at the International Institute for Strategic Studies. Much less shoot them down, it is not even clear whether North Korea would be able to detect some modern-day U.S. aircraft. In 1969, North Korea MiG-21 aircraft did shoot down a U.S. Navy EC-121 aircraft on a reconnaissance mission, which crashed 90 miles off the North Korean coast and killed all 31 Americans on board. But that aircraft was of an aged design based on the Constellation airliner dating back to the 1940s. The latest U.S. fighter jets have stealth capability designed to avoid detection and North Korea s military is known to be incapable of operating radar systems around the clock because supplies of energy are low, South Korean government official said, asking not to be identified.  Due to hurdles from sanctions and oil shortages, I m not sure whether fighters would be able to even return from a mission,  said Park Dae-kwang, an expert on North Korea s air defense at South Korea s state-run Korea Institute for Defense Analyses.  North Korea has roughly 810 fighter planes, according to South Korea s 2016 defense ministry white paper. But officials and experts say most of these, largely of old Soviet and Chinese origin, are severely outdated and have been plagued with accidents. In 2014, three aged North Korean fighter jets crashed in training over the course of two months, according to South Korean officials at the time.  I doubt very much that any of the North Korean aircraft would be successful taking on our fighter escorts,  said David Maxwell of Center for Security Studies, the Walsh School of Foreign Service, Georgetown University. Last week, North Korea seemed to be unaware that the U.S. B-1B bombers had even been dispatched as it took no action to counter the U.S. patrol at that time, a South Korean lawmaker who was briefed by South Korea s spy agency said on Tuesday. Washington appeared to have disclosed the flight path of its B-1B bombers intentionally after the non response, the lawmaker said.  A Pentagon spokesman said:  We won t confirm what North Korea did or did not know about our B-1B flight on the 23rd, but the mission was completed without incident.  In 1981, the North Koreans tried but failed to shoot down a U.S. SR-71 Blackbird spy plane with a surface-to-air missile. North Korea s best chance of shooting down a U.S. plane would likely be with its KN-06 surface-to-air missile system, which its leader Kim Jong Un declared  perfect  in May after previous defects in earlier testing had been addressed. The KN-06 appeared to be based on Russia s S-300 system with a range of about 150 km (93 miles), said George Hutchinson, managing editor of the International Journal of Korean Studies, and a former U.S. Air Force officer. Hutchinson said it was a more advanced system and  presents concerns because it is a road-mobile transportable system   it can be moved around to enhance its effectiveness and survivability.       However, it is not known how reliable the system is given it has only recently gone into operation, analysts said. Another missile system, the SA-5, has a longer range of 250 km (155 miles) but it relies on old technology which U.S. aircraft could beat, Rand Corp s Bennett said. North Korea has deployed SA-5 and SA-2 surface-to-air missile systems near the inter-Korean border and on its east and west coasts, according to South Korea s defense ministry. Some analysts said North Korea s comments on Monday may have been aimed more toward where the B-1B bombers usually come from - the U.S. military base on the Pacific island territory of Guam, which Pyongyang has threatened to attack with its intermediate-range Hwasong-12 missiles. The Pentagon said the B-1B bombers came from Guam and their fighter escorts came from Okinawa, Japan.   They will probably try to strike U.S. aircraft if they ever enter North Korean airspace, but their anti-aircraft missiles are limited,  said Kim Dong-yub, a military expert and analyst at South Korea s Institute for Far Eastern Studies.  I feel this is more closely linked to North Korea s previous threat they would hit the waters near Guam.  Missile expert Elleman said his main concern was that any North Korean defensive move could quickly lead to all-out conflict.  What I worry about is North Korea  painting  a U.S. plane with a radar as if it were about to launch a weapon,  he said.  That might prompt a defensive reaction to suppress the air defenses of North Korea, either electronically or kinetically. If North Korea fires something, the risks of miscalculation, escalation, grow enormously.  ",1
18963,Syria producing more energy after army recaptures gas fields - ministry,"DAMASCUS (Reuters) - Syria s government has produced much more power in recent months as the army recaptured natural gas fields from militants, the electricity ministry said on Tuesday.  Bassam Darwish, head of the electricity ministry s planning unit, told Reuters that the amount of gas the petroleum ministry provided to fuel power plants has nearly doubled since last winter.   There had been a very big problem with securing fuel and we went through a difficult winter... We have seen an improvement,  Darwish said.  After the liberation of any area, the workers of the energy sector directly go in and repair facilities.  With the help of Russian air power and Iran-backed militias, the army has driven rebels from Syria s main urban centers in western Syria and marched eastwards against Islamic State. Syrian troops with their allies pushed into the oil-rich province of Deir al-Zor last month, after steady advances against Islamic State insurgents across the central and eastern desert. Several gas fields have fallen back under government control since last year.  Electricity supply has been highly restricted and irregular across various parts of the country during the six-year war. Improving it would help Syrian President Bashar al-Assad restore economic growth in territory the government controls.  Since early in Syria s multi-sided conflict, Damascus and the electricity ministry have worked with friendly states to help keep the power system running, Darwish said.  Contracts were signed with Russia, with China, with Iran... that enabled us to continue working in the past,  he said. Earlier this month, Iran signed deals with Damascus to repair and build power plants, a potentially lucrative move for Tehran that points to its deepening economic role. During the visit by Syria s electricity minister to Tehran, the two sides signed a memorandum of understanding that includes restoring a main control centre for the Syrian power grid. The deals also involve a contract to supply power to Aleppo city.  Darwish said the meeting led to  signing very important contracts  with Iranian energy company MAPNA, with strong support from the Islamic Republic.  Under the deals, Iran will make payment easy for the Syrian government, whose economy has been battered by war and Western sanctions, he said.   The contracts...are based on payment facilities from the Iranian side,  he added.  We expect very big contracts to come out of the MoU that was signed... very large numbers, always with preferential terms for the Syrian side.  Shunned by Western powers, Damascus has been looking to friendly states to play a major role in rebuilding the country.  Iran will build an oil refinery in Syria after the war ends, the head of downstream technologies at Iran s Research Institute of the Petroleum Industry was quoted as saying on Tuesday.   In January, Iran s government and entities close to its elite Revolutionary Guards signed major telecommunications and mining deals with Damascus. Since at least 2012, Iran has provided critical military support to the Damascus government, helping it regain swathes of the country. Iran experts say Tehran is now looking to reap a financial dividend. Before the war in Syria,  power cuts and blackouts were almost non-existent,  Darwish said. The government produced less than 20 billion kilowatt hour last year, down from 50 billion in 2011, he said.   It was constantly declining because of the lack of fuel,  in addition to destruction in the electric system and energy sector, including power plants and oil wells, he said. Darwish estimated that direct damages in the power sector throughout the war amounted to between $4 and 5 billion. Indirect losses resulting from the lack of electricity to various sectors, residential zones, and institutions, had reached nearly $60 billion, he said.  This shows us...the scale of the efforts that will have to be very big to restore the electric system,  which will also require very large investments, he said.   This issue is related to the availability of funding, which is currently the main obstacle,  he said. The government was doing all it could,  but the size of the damages is big.  ",1
18964,Rights group accuses Myanmar of crimes against humanity,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar is committing crimes against humanity in its campaign against Muslim insurgents in Rakhine state, Human Rights Watch said on Tuesday, calling for the U.N. Security Council to impose sanctions and an arms embargo. The U.N. refugee agency called for a redoubling of international aid for the 480,000 refugees   60 percent of them children   who have fled to Bangladesh since Aug. 25 to escape the violence. A Myanmar government spokesman rejected the accusation of crimes against humanity, saying there was no evidence. The U.S. government, which has worked hard to establish close ties with Myanmar s civilian government in the face of competition from strategic rival China, did not comment directly on the Human Rights Watch charge. However a spokeswoman said:  We are closely monitoring the situation and the facts on the ground as they continue to unfold.  We are deeply troubled by reports of extrajudicial killings, sexual violence, and burning of Rohingya villages by security forces and non-Rohingya individuals.  U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan told the U.S. House Foreign Affairs Committee that the U.S. ambassador to Myanmar would visit the border of Rakhine, to look into the crisis  within the next two days.  Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi invited foreign diplomats to visit the area in a speech last week. Myanmar has also rejected U.N. accusations that its forces are engaged in ethnic cleansing against Rohingya Muslims in response to coordinated attacks by Rohingya insurgents on the security forces on Aug. 25. Refugees arriving in Bangladesh have accused the army and Buddhist vigilantes of trying to drive Rohingya out of Buddhist-majority Myanmar.  The Burmese military is brutally expelling the Rohingya from northern Rakhine state,  said James Ross, legal and policy director at New York-based Human Rights Watch.  The massacres of villagers and mass arson driving people from their homes are all crimes against humanity.  Myanmar, also known as Burma, says its forces are fighting insurgents responsible for attacking the police and the army, killing civilians and torching villages.  The International Criminal Court defines crimes against humanity as acts including murder, torture, rape and deportation  when committed as part of a widespread or systematic attack directed against any civilian population, with knowledge of the attack . Human Rights Watch said its research, supported by satellite imagery, had found crimes of deportation, forced population transfers, murder and rape. The U.N. Security Council and concerned countries should impose targeted sanctions and an arms embargo, it said. Government spokesman Zaw Htay said no Myanmar government had ever been as committed to the promotion of rights as the current one.  Accusations without any strong evidence are dangerous,  he told Reuters.  It makes it difficult for the government to handle things.  A coordinating group of aid organizations said the total number of refugees who have fled to Bangladesh since Aug. 25 had been revised up to 480,000 after 35,000 people in two camps were found to have been missed out of the previous tally.  The massive influx of people seeking safety has been outpacing capacities to respond, and the situation for these refugees has still not stabilized,  Adrian Edwards, a spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, said in Geneva.  UNHCR is calling for a redoubling of the international humanitarian response in Bangladesh.  The violence and the refugee exodus is the biggest crisis the government of Nobel peace laureate Suu Kyi has faced since it came to power last year in a transition from nearly 50 years of military rule. Myanmar regards the Rohingya as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and bouts of suppression and violence have flared for decades. Most Rohingya are stateless. Suu Kyi has faced scathing criticism and calls for her Nobel prize to be withdrawn.  She denounced rights violations in an address to the nation last week and vowed that abusers would be prosecuted. She also said the government was trying to determine why so many people fled. Seven U.N. experts, including Yanghee Lee, special rapporteur on rights in Myanmar, called on Suu Kyi to meet Rohingya to hear for herself the reasons for their exodus.  No one chooses, especially not in the hundreds of thousands, to leave their homes and ancestral land, no matter how poor the conditions, to flee to a strange land to live under plastic sheets and in dire circumstances, except in life-threatening situations,  they said. They called on Myanmar to provide humanitarian access to Rakhine state, where the military has been restricting entry. Suu Kyi has little, if any, control over the security forces under a military-drafted constitution that also bars her from the presidency and gives the military veto power over political reform. Myanmar has seen a surge of Buddhist nationalism in recent years, and the public is supportive of the campaign against the insurgents. Since Sunday, the army has unearthed the bodies of 45 members of Myanmar s small Hindu community who authorities say were killed by the insurgents soon after the violence erupted. The Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army, which has claimed attacks on the security forces since October, denied killing the villagers. Some Hindus have fled to Bangladesh. Others have taken refuge in Myanmar towns, accusing the insurgents of attacking them on suspicion of being government spies. ",1
18965,Spanish police to take over Catalan polling stations to thwart independence vote,"BARCELONA/MADRID (Reuters) - Spain s government said on Tuesday police would take control of voting booths in Catalonia to help thwart the region s planned independence referendum that Madrid has declared illegal. The dispute has plunged Spain into one of its biggest political crises since the restoration of democracy in the 1970s after decades of military dictatorship. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has said the referendum is against the law and the constitutional court has ordered it be halted while its legality is determined. Catalonia s separatist government, however, remains committed to holding it on Sunday. Rajoy, speaking on Tuesday alongside U.S. President Donald Trump in Washington, said it would be  ridiculous  if the affluent northeastern region declared independence from Spain.  Trump said he opposed the referendum and wanted a united Spain.  I really think the people of Catalonia would stay with Spain. I think it would be foolish not to,  he told reporters.  Senior Spanish government officials said on Tuesday authorities had done enough to prevent a meaningful referendum as Catalonia lacked an election commission, ballot boxes, ballot papers, a transparent census and election material.  Today we can affirm that there will be no effective referendum in Catalonia. All the referendum s logistics have been dismantled,  the Spanish government s representative in Catalonia, Enric Millo, told reporters in Barcelona. Catalonia s prosecutor has ordered the regional police - known as the Mossos d Esquadra - to take control of any voting booths by Saturday, a spokesman for the Madrid government s Catalan delegation said. In an order to police issued on Monday, the prosecutor s office said they would take the names of anyone participating in the vote and confiscate relevant documents.  Anyone in possession of the keys or entrance codes to a polling booth could be considered a collaborator to crimes of disobedience, malfeasance and misappropriation of funds, the order said. The Madrid government has in recent weeks taken political and legal measures to prevent the referendum by exerting more control over the use of public funds in Catalonia and arresting regional officials. Hundreds of police reinforcements have been brought into Barcelona and other cities. Madrid has also threatened fines against bureaucrats working on the ballot, including the region s election commission, which was dissolved last week. These actions have provoked mass demonstrations and drawn accusations from Catalan leaders that the Madrid government was resorting to the repression of the Franco dictatorship. A  yes  vote is likely, given that most of the 40 percent of Catalans who polls show support independence are expected to cast ballots while most of those against it are not.  But the unrelenting opposition from Madrid means such a result would go all but unrecognised, potentially setting up a new phase of the dispute.  The Catalan regional government, which plans to declare independence within 48 hours of a  yes  victory, maintained on Tuesday the vote will go ahead and it sent out notifications to Catalans to man polling booths across the region. Many had not yet received information about where or when they would be working after the state-run postal service was ordered to stop all mail related to the vote, a parliamentary spokeswoman for one separatist party said.  ",1
18966,"Trump, Spanish PM Rajoy say they oppose Catalonia independence bid","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Spain s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy told journalists on Tuesday they opposed a referendum in Spain s Catalonia region scheduled for this weekend, which the Spanish government has tried to thwart.  I m just for a united Spain,  said Trump, who cast doubt on polling data predicting a  yes  vote for independence will win.  I really think the people of Catalonia would stay with Spain. I think it would be foolish not to.  ",1
18967,U.S. welcomes royal order to allow Saudi women to drive,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Tuesday welcomed Saudi King Salman s order, reported by Saudi state media, allowing women to drive cars.  We would certainly welcome that,  U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told reporters.  It s a great step in the right direction for that country.  According to Saudi state news agency SPA, a royal degree ordered the formation of a ministerial body to provide advice within 30 days and to implement the order by June 2018.     ",1
18968,British police release three more men in London tube attack probe,"(Reuters) - British police said on Tuesday they had released three men who were arrested in connection with the bomb attack on a London underground train earlier this month. Six people have now been released out of the seven arrested during the investigation into the Sept. 15 attack at Parsons Green station in West London, London s Metropolitan Police said in a statement. The one person who remains in custody is 18-year-old Ahmed Hassan, arrested in Dover, Kent, a day after the incident. Hassan appeared in court on Friday charged with attempting to murder passengers on board the train heading to central London from the southwest suburb of Wimbledon.  He was also charged with causing an explosion likely to endanger life using the highly volatile triacetone triperoxide (TATP)   known as  the mother of Satan    or another explosive substance. The attack, using a home-made bomb that apparently failed to fully explode, was Britain s fifth major security incident this year and injured 29 people on a packed rush-hour commuter train. The Islamic State militant group, which had said it was behind several attacks on Western cities in recent years, including two attacks in London and one in Manchester this year, claimed responsibility for the latest attack. ",1
18969,Protesters force Rohingya refugees to flee Sri Lanka safe house,"COLOMBO (Reuters) - Sri Lankan monks and hardline nationalists protesters forced 31 Rohingya Muslim asylum seekers to flee a United Nations safe house in the capital Colombo on Tuesday, police said.  The refugees, who were arrested in April along with two suspected Indian traffickers in a boat in Sri Lankan seas, were taken into protective custody and then to a detention center outside Colombo, police spokesman Ruwan Gunasekara said. A live telecast on the Facebook page of Sinhale Jathika Balamuluwa, a hardline nationalist group, showed the Buddhist monks and some civilians storming the safe house chanting  do not allow terrorists into this country.  The Rohingya group fled Myanmar in 2012 and lived in India as refugees for nearly five years before trying to migrate illegally, a lawyer representing them told Reuters.  A local court later handed them over to UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC). UNHRC officials were not immediately available for comment.  These Rohingyans are a group of terrorists. They have slaughtered our Buddhist monks in Myanmar,  Akmeemana Dayarathne a Buddhist monk who led the protest told the gathering. Tens of thousands Muslim Rohingya have fled mostly Buddhist Myanmar since 2012. Tension between majority Buddhists and Rohingya, most of whom are denied citizenship, has simmered for decades in Rakhine, but it has exploded several times over the past few years, as old enmities, and Buddhist nationalism, surfaced with the end of decades of harsh military rule. About 69,000 Rohingyas have fled to Bangladesh since October, straining relations between the two neighbors who each see the stateless Muslim minority as the other nation s problem. ",1
18970,U.N. launches new plan to end Libya's post-revolution turmoil,"TUNIS (Reuters) - The United Nations began a new push on Tuesday to stabilize Libya by getting rival factions to revise the stalled peace plan and set the country on the path to elections.  The effort aims to end the turmoil that developed in Libya after the 2011 NATO-backed uprising ended Muammar Gaddafi s 42-year rule, giving space to Islamist militants and smuggling networks that have sent hundreds of thousands of migrants to Europe. Political and military fractures have left the country mired in conflict and the OPEC member s economy in freefall. Rival parliaments and governments have vied for power.   Last week, U.N. envoy Ghassan Salame announced a one-year  action plan  for a transition toward presidential and parliamentary elections.  The plan got underway on Tuesday with negotiations between delegations from rival parliaments from eastern Libya and Tripoli, which are meant to draw up amendments to a previous U.N.-mediated plan signed in December 2015. As the delegations convened in Tunis, Salame said he hoped the amendments could be agreed rapidly and that he sensed a  window of opportunity  for reconciliation.   All Libyans are fed up. They are going from transition to transition with no horizon,  he said.  We have sleeping institutions that need to be awoken, divided institutions that need to be united, and hijacked institutions that need to be rebuilt.  The 2015 deal has only had limited support from power-brokers and was never endorsed by factions aligned with military commander Khalifa Haftar that control eastern Libya. Haftar, who has been courted by Western states after making military gains, was in Rome on Tuesday where he met Defence Minister Roberta Pinotti and Italy s highest ranking military officer, Claudio Graziano.  Pinotti expressed hope that all parties would support Salame s  inclusive political strategy ... excluding any military solution , according to a defense ministry statement. Italy and other Western states have tried to work with the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord (GNA) in Tripoli, but it has been hamstrung by internal splits and has been unable to halt a slide in living standards or tame the power of armed groups.  We re here to move the political process forward for the sake of the country s stability,  said Moussa Faraj, head of the delegation from the High Council of State in Tripoli, according to a tweet from the United Nations from the Tunis meeting which got closed to the press after Salame s speech.      Under the new U.N. plan, once amendments have been agreed a national conference drawing on a much larger number of representatives from across Libya is meant to approve the members of a transitional government that would run the country until elections. The eastern parliament, or House of Representatives (HOR), is expected to devise laws for national elections and for a referendum to approve a much-delayed constitution. The chamber has barely functioned over the past two years and has been boycotted by a large number of its members.  Our task is difficult,  said Abdusalam Nasia, head of the HOR delegation, according to the United Nations.  I call on all to leave personal interests behind and focus on common interests.  ",1
18971,Trump says U.S. 'totally prepared' for military option in North Korea,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Tuesday the United States was prepared for a military option in handling the North Korea nuclear crisis but warned it would have dire consequences for the Communist country.  We are totally prepared for the second option, not a preferred option,  Trump said at a White House news conference.  But if we take that option, it will be devastating, I can tell you that, devastating for North Korea. That s called the military option. If we have to take it, we will.  ",1
18972,Trump urges EU to sanction Maduro government in Venezuela,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump urged the European Union on Tuesday to join in sanctioning the government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, after a meeting with Spain s prime minister at the White House.  We hope our friends in the EU will soon follow the United States, Canada and many Latin American nations in sanctioning the Maduro regime. We need everybody involved,  Trump said at a White House news conference with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy.   The citizens of Venezuela have endured immense suffering, poverty, starvation, and dangerous political unrest under Maduro s oppressive socialist regime.  ",1
18973,Macron's Europe speech draws mixed reaction in Berlin,"BERLIN (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron s proposals to strengthen the European Union drew mixed reaction in Germany, with a lawmaker from Chancellor Angela Merkel s Bavarian allies warning against turning the bloc into an  unlimited transfer union . Macron offered a sweeping vision for a renewal of Europe in a speech on Tuesday, calling for the EU to cooperate more closely on defense, immigration, tax and social policy, and for the single currency bloc to have its own budget. He was speaking two days after the German election in which Merkel s conservative CDU/CSU bloc scored its worst result since 1949, limiting her freedom to maneuver on Europe. The co-governing Social Democrats (SPD), which suffered its worst election result since the end of World War Two, ruled out a re-run of a  grand coalition  with Merkel. Outgoing Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, a senior SPD member, lauded the French proposals.  Emmanuel Macron today held a courageous, a passionate plea against nationalism and for Europe - a Europe which he wants to reform, strengthen and unite with our help,  Gabriel said.  Right now, we need to seize this opportunity for Franco-German initiatives to make Europe more democratic, involve the citizens and make it fit for the future.  Gabriel said a joint determination by EU member states was needed to resolve problems in Europe, adding of Macron:  He can count on us.  Cem Ozdemir, co-leader of the left-leaning Greens, a potential coalition partner for Merkel, told reporters in Berlin:  Germany should take Macron s extended hand and push Europe forward, with other partners.   It s an important signal to us in Berlin that Macron makes his proposals directly after the German election. Because only if Paris and Berlin work closely together and have the courage to implement concrete reforms, can we strengthen Europe.  Ozdemir, seen as a possible foreign or finance minister in Merkel s coalition government, said the euro zone in particular needed reforms to make it resilient against future shocks.  We need investment in digitization, sustainable technologies and infrastructure, in particular, to ensure long-term investment and create future-proof jobs,  Ozdemir said. But Hans Michelbach, a lawmaker from Merkel s CSU allies, said Macron s ideas were unsuitable to take Europe forward.  They do not lead to a deepening (of the EU) but to a deeper split in the EU,  he said. Michelbach accused Macron of planning to turn the euro zone into an  unlimited transfer union  and to roll back the EU s Stability Pact.  But these are the wrong lessons from the euro zone crisis,  Michelbach said, adding Macron should not be relieved of his duty to bring the French budget deficit in line with the EU s fiscal rules. His comments were echoed by Alexander Graf Lambsdorff, a senior member of the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), another potential coalition partner for Merkel.  This was a courageous speech by President Macron, even if not all of his proposals meet approval of the FDP,  Lambsdorff said. Lambsdorff welcomed Macron s call to strengthen military cooperation in the EU and seize the opportunities of digitization, but he rejected the call for a euro zone budget.  The problem in Europe is not a lack of public funds, but the lack of reform. A euro zone budget would set exactly the wrong incentives,  Lambsdorff said. The fiscally conservative FDP dislikes the idea of any facility that may lead to financial transfers from wealthier euro zone countries to poorer ones. Macron said he hoped his ideas would be taken into account in Germany s coalition building negotiations. Those talks are not expected to begin until mid-October and may take several months. ",1
18974,'He can count on us:' German SPD minister hails Macron's EU speech,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, a senior member of the Social Democrats (SPD), on Tuesday lauded French President Emmanuel Macron s proposals to strengthen the European Union.  Emmanuel Macron today held a courageous, a passionate plea against nationalism and for Europe - a Europe which he wants to reform, strengthen and unite with our help,  Gabriel said.  Right now, we need to seize this opportunity for Franco-German initiatives to make Europe more democratic, involve the citizens and make it fit for the future,  Gabriel said. Gabriel said a joint determination by EU member states was needed to resolve problems in Europe, adding:  He can count on us.  ",1
18975,Fistfights erupt in Uganda's parliament amid move to extend Museveni rule,"KAMPALA (Reuters) - Fistfights and chair-throwing broke out in Uganda s parliament on Tuesday ahead of a debate on whether to grant long-serving President Yoweri Museveni another term in office. The move to extend his rule has met widespread opposition from civic rights activists, the political opposition, religious leaders and even some members of Museveni s own ruling party. He has been in power for more than three decades. Local television showed government and opposition lawmakers coming to blows after the House speaker allowed a ruling party legislator to introduce a motion to kick-start the process to remove an age cap from Uganda s constitution to allow Museveni to run for re-election.   Please take your seats... Let us speak with our words, not with our fists,  Parliament Speaker Rebecca Kadaga said as she tried to calm the enraged lawmakers. Order was subsequently restored as the House debated other, less contentious subjects.   Toward the end of a nearly six-hour session, moments before the controversial motion was read, legislators opposed to it successfully foiled its introduction by breaking into endless singing of the national anthem.      Donning red ribbons, they stood up and crowded around the podium, banging on it and on their benches.  After repeated calls of  order, order, honorable members  by Kadaga failed to silence the MPs, she adjourned the session.  Under the existing constitution, a person standing for president must be under 75 years of age   which would make Museveni, 73, ineligible to stand at the next polls in 2021. Before Tuesday s parliamentary sitting got under way around, police fired tear gas to disperse protests by students and other opposition activists in the capital Kampala, police spokesman Emirian Kayima said.   Some students and other young people were causing commotion and attempting to rob shopkeepers. We engaged them with teargas,  Kayima said.  Nineteen people including Uganda s leading opposition figure, Kizza Besigye, were also arrested. Kayima said Besigye was taken into custody after he attempted to mobilize protesters to march on parliament.  Local media reported protests against the legislative measure also broke out in other parts of Uganda. Police have deployed in force around parliament and throughout Kampala since last week when the move to launch the constitutional amendment process was expected to start but never made it to the floor.  An ally of the West who has deployed troops in Somalia to help fight Islamist militants there, Museveni initially won plaudits for restoring stability after years of turmoil and attracting foreign direct investment.  In recent years however, rampant human rights violations, corruption and broken public services have fueled opposition to his rule.  The military siege around parliament - it s the end of people power in Uganda, it s a full-blown military dictatorship,  said Sarah Birete, program director at the Kampala-based Centre for Constitutional Governance.  ",1
18976,"Barzani says 'yes' vote won independence referendum, calls on Baghdad to engage in dialogue","ERBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Kurdistan Regional Government President Masoud Barzani said on Tuesday the  yes  vote had won in the independence referendum the KRG held in northern Iraq on Monday. In a televised address, he called on Iraq s central government in Baghdad to engage in  serious dialogue (...) instead of threatening  the KRG with sanctions. Iraq s prime minister has ruled out holding talks on Kurdish independence.  We may face hardship but we will overcome,  Barzani said, calling on world powers  to respect the will of millions of people  who voted in the referendum. ",1
18977,"No, m'lud: Brexit stymies EU judges' English conversion","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Court of Justice could cut costs and speed up verdicts by letting judges speak English rather than only in French, an EU audit showed on Tuesday - but a plan to let them has been stymied by Brexit. The Luxembourg-based court is a bogeyman for British critics of the EU and negotiations on the 2019 withdrawal from the European Union are deadlocked over London s insistence the ECJ should have no future say in Britain. Yet before last year s Brexit referendum it was looking at embracing English more.  This assessment has not yet been finalised because of the uncertainties related to the outcome of the Brexit process,  the European Court of Auditors (ECA) said in a report. The Court is a bastion of the French language among European Union institutions where English has become ubiquitous.  ECJ rules, intended to avoid linguistic arguments over the law, force judges to use French in their deliberations and written submissions and verdicts must be in the bloc s once dominant tongue, even though English is now the most common of the 24 official EU languages in which cases can be filed. The ECA did not say how much of the Court s 400-million-euro  ($470 million) annual budget could be saved by allowing the use of English. But some lawyers working at the ECJ say translation into French, in which only 13 percent of cases are actually initially filed, adds to delays in getting judgments. Brexit has raised some questions about the status of English in the EU as a whole, since once Britain leaves it will not be the official EU language of any member state. It is an official language in Ireland and Malta but countries can only nominate one for EU use and they chose Gaelic and Maltese respectively. However, EU officials do not seriously imagine that English is threatened as a working language. At the Court, even when Britain ceases to be subject to its judgments, many cases will continue to involve multinational companies and many of those choose have their pleas dealt with principally in English. In a reply included in the ECA report, the Court said the time taken for rulings has fallen in the past decade despite an increased caseload and that discussions will continue on a language regime that is chosen on the basis of its efficiency. ",1
18978,Angolas first new president in 38 years vows to fight graft,"LUANDA (Reuters) - Angola s first new president in almost four decades vowed to rebuild an economy devastated by falling oil prices and fight corruption at his inauguration on Tuesday. Jo o Louren o told thousands of supporters in Luanda he would also tackle gaping inequality in Africa s second largest oil producer - though analysts have already raised doubts about his ability to make far-reaching change.  No one is so rich and powerful that they cannot be punished and no one is so poor that they cannot be protected,  he said to loud applause. In a 45-minute speech, Louren o said he would strive to bring in reforms covering gender equality, the freedom of the press, private enterprise and public health.     Former president Jose Eduardo dos Santos remains head of the ruling MPLA party, giving the veteran leader influence over key policy decisions. Any serious attempt to transform the country could put Louren o on a collision course with senior party figures and powerful interest groups. Angola s economy fell into recession last year, while unemployment is officially over 20 percent and a shortage of foreign currency has forced firms to pull back operations. Louren o said he would work to reduce state intervention in the economy and give free enterprise the space and support to thrive. He has previously said he does not rule out negotiating a deal with the International Monetary Fund or World Bank to help rebuild an economy heavily reliant on oil.  There are enormous challenges before us ... We call on the help of everyone on this difficult journey,  he said. ",1
18979,"U.S. Treasury sanctions 26 individuals, nine banks over North Korea","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has sanctioned 26 individuals as part of its non-proliferation designations for North Korea as well as nine banks, including some with ties to China, according to the U.S. Treasury Department Office Of Foreign Assets Control Sanctions.  In a list on the office s website posted on Tuesday, the U.S. sanctions target individuals in North Korea as well as some North Korean nationals in China, Russia, Libya and Dubai. ",1
18980,Venezuela opposition won't attend scheduled talks with government,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s opposition said on Tuesday it will not join scheduled talks with President Nicolas Maduro s government, undercutting a dialogue effort that has been viewed with suspicion by many adversaries of the ruling Socialist Party. The government has eagerly promoted the talks amid global criticism that Maduro is turning the country into a dictatorship, while the opposition has always insisted the talks should not distract from the country s economic crisis.  The two sides held separate exploratory conversations with the president of the Dominican Republic earlier this month. But the opposition said the government has not made enough progress on issues such as human rights to warrant full bilateral talks.  Negotiation is not to go and waste time, to look at someone s face, but rather so that Venezuelans can have immediate solutions,  opposition leader Henrique Capriles told reporters.   We cannot have a repeat of last year s failure,  he said, referring to Vatican-brokered talks in 2016 that fell apart after the opposition said the government was simply using them as a stalling tactic. The Information Ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The opposition wants a date for the next presidential election, due by the end of 2018, with guarantees it will be free and fair. It is also calling for freedom for hundreds of jailed activists, a foreign humanitarian aid corridor and respect for the opposition-led congress. With Spain pushing for the European Union to adopt restrictive measures against members of the Venezuelan government, Maduro may be hoping to dodge further sanctions. The United States has issued several rounds of sanctions against Venezuela, primarily in response to the creation of an all-powerful super body called the Constituent Assembly that was elected in a July vote the opposition labeled fraudulent. Many countries have refused to recognize the assembly, which Maduro insists has brought peace to the country of 30 million. He says opposition leaders are coup-plotters seeking to sabotage socialism in oil-rich Venezuela under the guise of peaceful protests. Amid a fourth straight year of recession, millions of Venezuelans are suffering food shortages and rampant inflation, which the government blames on an  economic war  led by the opposition and fueled by recent sanctions. ",1
18981,Iraq gives Kurdistan till Friday to hand over control of airports to avoid embargo,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The Iraqi government gave the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) until Friday 3:00 p.m (1200 GMT) to hand over control of its airports in order to avoid an international air embargo, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said, according to state TV. The measure is meant as a retaliation against the independence referendum held by the KRG in northern Iraq on Monday.  Domestic flights are not involved in the ultimatum and in the worst case, international travel to and from the KRG will be re-routed through Baghdad and other Iraqi airports.    Baghdad last week asked foreign countries to stop direct flights to the international airports of Erbil and Sulaimaniya, in KRG territory, but only Iran declared such an air embargo, halting direct flights to and from Iraqi Kurdistan.   Humanitarian and  emergency  flights are exempted, provided they are pre-approved by Baghdad, Abadi said.  Baghdad will also ask neighboring countries to shut the border with Iraqi Kurdistan if the KRG doesn t hand over border posts to the central government by Friday.   ",1
18982,"Under pressure to act against Kurds, Iraq has limited options","BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi faced calls on Tuesday to take measures ranging from an economic blockade to military action after Kurds voted in a referendum in support of independence. But he will need to proceed cautiously. Abadi has been trying to unite Iraq since he took office, focusing mainly on sectarian hostilities between Shi ites and Sunnis, which had triggered a civil war, and Islamic State militants who seized a third of his country before their defeat. The Shi ite-led Baghdad government and the Kurdish region in the north have struggled for years to resolve differences over oil and other sensitive issues. But Monday s vote, which is likely to lead to a breakaway state that has been the dream of generations of Kurds, has ratcheted up tensions, posing one of the biggest challenges to Abadi as he tries to keep Iraq together. The Iraqi government ruled out talks on possible secession for Kurdish-held parts of northern Iraq on Tuesday after projections by the Kurdish Rudaw TV channel showed support for a split could be over 90 percent. Neighboring Iran and Turkey also fiercely oppose independence in the north. They say it will cause regional chaos, and they also fear secession will encourage their own restive Kurdish populations to press for self-determination. Now Abadi s Shi ite constituency, as well as Sunni Arabs opposed to Kurdish independence, will be pressing him to take firm action. Disputed areas such as the multi-ethnic oil city of Kirkuk could be a flashpoint for widespread instability.  Kurds have gone too far and government must show them a tougher face. Government forces must go to maintain peace in Kirkuk and all other areas Kurds try to control by force,  said Mohammed Tamim, an Arab Sunni lawmaker from Kirkuk       Parliament has authorized Abadi to safeguard Iraqi unity and such a mandate allows him to send troops.  Mobilizing government troops may not be so easy. The army has spent years fighting Islamic State and the recent battle to drive the group out of Mosul has left many of Iraq s formations exhausted. Those troops that can fight are engaged in operations against Islamic State militants west of Kirkuk and near the Syrian border.  Another option would be to turn to Iranian-backed paramilitary groups. Some, like Asaib ahl al-Haq, have already threatened to march on Kirkuk. Tehran supports Shi ite Muslim groups that have been prominent in Iraq since the U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein in 2003.  Abadi, as the commander of armed forces, must switch the needle of the fighting compass toward Kirkuk,  said Hashim al-Mouasawi, a spokesman for the Shi ite Nujaba group, which has about 10,000 fighters and is loyal to Iran.  We are fully prepared to answer Abadi s orders to liberate Kirkuk and the oilfields from the separatist militias  control before it s too late. We will fight to safeguard the prestige of the state.  While the use of these paramilitary groups against the Kurds would spare the army from having to fight against fellow Iraqis, there are risks for Abadi. Tensions are already high between Kurdish peshmerga fighters and Shi ite paramilitary forces, even though they cooperated in the fight against Islamic State. Now that Islamic State has largely been removed from strategic areas, the ethnic and sectarian battle for land and influence that has dogged Iraq could complicate efforts to create harmony among its many sects and communities. If the Shi ite paramilitaries and Kurds clash, it will mean all-out war between two of the best fighting forces in Iraq, a U.S. ally and OPEC oil producer with an economy shattered by conflict. Vahal Ali, a spokesman for Masoud Barzani, president of the Kurdistan Regional Government, said the Kurds would not take further steps toward independence without pursuing peaceful negotiations with the Baghdad government. But, he added, Kurds did not have endless patience.  If we are attacked we will defend ourselves,  he said.  We are not breaking any laws. The Kurdish people were given a chance to vote and they did.  For its part, the Iraqi government gave the KRG three days to hand over  control of its airports in order to avoid an international air embargo, Abadi said, according to state TV. Baghdad asked foreign countries to stop flights to the international airports of Erbil and Sulaimaniya, in KRG territory, but only Iran complied.   Lawmakers called on Abadi to apply economic pressure on the Kurds, who suffered under Saddam for decades and then began building a semi-autonomous zone in the north after his fall. One possibility is a blockade of Kurdish areas, something that Vahal Ali said would also harm the Baghdad government.  The Government must take tough measures to prevent the Kurdish leaders from going too far,  said Shi ite lawmaker Ammar Tuma. He called for  shutting down exits and entrances, controlling the border crossings, chasing the funds Kurdish leaders generated from illegal oil sales, and finally deploying Iraqi forces in areas they try to control by force.  Kurdish oil sales without the consent of the government have angered Iraqi leaders. But placing an economic stranglehold on the Kurds may have only limited success for Baghdad if Turkey continues to trade with the north. Turkey has long been northern Iraq s main link to the outside world and the KRG exports hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil per day to world markets via Turkey. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said Iraqi Kurds would go hungry if his country halts the flow of goods and oil across the border with northern Iraq. And while it sees the referendum as a grave matter for its own national security, Turkey has built good relations with Barzani s Kurdish administration. Iraq, including the Kurdish region, was Turkey s third-largest export market in 2016. Erdogan has repeatedly threatened economic sanctions against the Kurds in response to the referendum, but he has so far given few specifics. ",1
18983,Zimbabwe court frees activist pastor arrested for subversion,"HARARE (Reuters) - A Zimbabwean court on Tuesday freed activist pastor Evan Mawarire, a critic of President Robert Mugabe, following his weekend arrest on new charges of attempting to subvert the government. It was the second time he has been detained for a similar offense. Mawarire went on trial on Monday on separate subversion charges stemming from protests last year against Mugabe s handling of the economy. The magistrates court said the rights of Mawarire, who appeared in khaki prison uniform, had been violated after police failed to bring him to court within 48 hours following his arrest on Sunday morning, as stipulated by the law. Mawarire had earlier attended trial at the High Court but the judge postponed the case to Thursday. The 40-year-old pastor faces a sentence of up to 20 years in prison if convicted, and even if acquitted could soon be on trial again.  He is due to face yet another trial at a later date on charges of promoting violence after he addressed protesting university students in June. ",1
18984,Ireland set to vote on loosening abortion laws in May or June,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland plans to hold a referendum next May or June on whether it should loosen some of the strictest abortion laws in the world, Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Tuesday.  Abortion has long been a divisive issue in once stridently Catholic Ireland where, after a debate elicited large street protests from both sides, a complete ban was lifted in 2013. Terminations were allowed if a mother s life was in danger.  The ... proposal is to have a standalone referendum in May or June next year and will very much follow on from the recommendations of the all-party committee which is considering the matter,  Varadkar told parliament. A panel of citizens called together to advise government on the issue voted overwhelmingly that the eighth amendment of the constitution, which enshrines an equal right to life of the mother and her unborn child, should be changed. The all-party committee is considering those recommendations and is due to report to parliament by the end of the year on the referendum and potential shape of future legislation. Opinion polls show a large majority of voters want some change. Ireland became the first country to adopt gay marriage by popular vote in 2015 and campaigners seeking a repeal of the eighth amendment want that social change extended to abortion, citing the thousands of Irish women who travel abroad, mostly to England, for terminations each year. Anti-abortion supporters demand no further changes to the law. The human rights arms of the United Nations and Council of Europe have pressed the government to, at a very minimum, decriminalize abortion and widen the law to allow for abortion in cases of fatal foetal abnormality, rape or incest. The referendum on abortion will be among seven the government plans to call within the next two years, it said on Tuesday, including a vote to remove the crime of blasphemy from the constitution. ",1
18985,"Two worlds of Labour, Britain's opposition party struggles to unite","BRIGHTON, England (Reuters) - A baby gurgles in the background, posters defend workers  rights and between DJ decks and a well-stocked bar of an old nightclub,  dozens of young activists flesh out their demands that Britain s Labour Party become a wider movement for the left. Across the road, in the southern seaside town of Brighton s main conference center, and in the nearby hotels and restaurants, Labour s established lawmakers are discussing Brexit, policy and how to oust the governing Conservative Party. Welcome to the two worlds of Britain s main opposition party: a division centered around Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn who after months of fighting off attempts to depose him, is more cemented at its helm than ever. It is not the only division at Labour s annual conference, where the party is struggling to unite over Britain s departure from the European Union. But it is one that may define Labour s future   for beneath the outward  comradeship  is a fight for direction.  I m more convinced now than I ever have been that MPs (members of parliament, or lawmakers) aren t as relevant as they think,  said Laura Pidcock, a Labour lawmaker who was elected for the first time to parliament in June and has frequently spoken out about it as an elitist institution.  I bet there s people in this room who have felt this during this conference, or are experiencing this now, that you shouldn t really be there,  she told an audience gathered to talk about  Corbynism from Below  organized by a group called The World Transformed. The World Transformed grew out of Momentum, a campaign group which drummed up support for veteran leftist Corbyn to lead Labour and acted in his defense when centrist members in the party tried to oust him, unconvinced his leftist views could ever win over voters. But June s general election changed all that.  Corbyn, running on a manifesto that instead of austerity promised an end to university tuition fees, renationalization and increased public spending, won more votes than expected, many from younger voters who wanted change. The vote forced Conservative Prime Minister Theresa May into a minority government, and set the mood at this conference mostly upbeat, with Corbyn feted by almost all wings of the party. His face adorns T-shirts, mugs and posters on sale.  Oh Jeremy Corbyn    sung to the chords of The White Stripes  2003 hit Seven Nation Army   can be heard across the conference, much as it was at the Glastonbury rock festival earlier this year. For those activists behind The World Transformed, it is a chance to revel in their moment and press for change in a parliamentary party populated what some describe as the  suits . It is a sea change for the Labour Party, which last won power in 1997 with the business-friendly, center-ground policies of former prime minister Tony Blair. Once Momentum was written off by some Labour lawmakers, seen as little more than a cult following for a leader whose politics, his critics said, were little changed from the 1980s when the party wrote what was described as  the longest suicide note in history  for helping the Conservatives to victory. Now, with Labour closing the gap in opinion polls to stand roughly level with the Conservatives and Corbyn in sight of  becoming prime minister if an early election were called, it has the power to influence party policy. Earlier this week, several Labour lawmakers criticized Momentum for blocking a main conference debate on Brexit after the group urged its members to vote for other issues to be included on the official conference program.  In response, some activists accused lawmakers of wanting to undermine Corbyn by speaking about an issue that divides the party.  Jeremy Corbyn wouldn t be the first Labour leader to fix a conference vote,  said Alison McGovern, a Labour lawmaker who is leading a campaign to keep Britain in the single market after Brexit.  I just think it s a mistake on their part. Conference wants to talk about Brexit ... The World Transformed has been wall-to-wall Brexit chat.  And nothing seems to be off the agenda at the venues used by The World Transformed, which offers child-friendly spaces for discussion of everything from bringing the game of football back to its roots to  How to Run a Kickass Social Media Campaign . But the overriding message is, don t let this opportunity slip.  The fight really isn t over if we get a Labour government,   said Maya Goodfellow, a writer and researcher.  We hear people chanting Jeremy Corbyn s name which is great. Great that so many people are enthused, but the state will kick into power, there will be moves to stop a radical government from doing what it wants to do.  ",1
18986,"Swedish train derails after hitting armored vehicle, four injured","STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - A passenger train derailed in eastern Sweden after colliding with an armored vehicle during a major military exercise in the area, leaving at least four people injured, authorities said on Tuesday. The armored vehicle collided with a train near the small town of Trosa, about one hour south of the capital. Three people in the military vehicle were injured in the collision while one person on the train was also hurt, police said.  The driver of the train sustained minor injuries,  a spokesman for railway operator SJ said. The train had three cars and was carrying about 70 passengers, he added.  The Swedish armed forces and some NATO allies of the neutral country are currently conducting their biggest war games in two decades, with some of the activities taking place in the area where the accident took place.  ",1
18987,Co-leader of Germany's far-right AfD to quit in major blow,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Frauke Petry, co-leader of the far-right Alternative for Germany, said on Tuesday she was leaving the party in a major blow to its credibility just two days after it surged to third place in a national election. The anti-immigrant AfD won 12.6 percent of the vote in Germany s election on Sunday, becoming the third-largest group in parliament and the first from the far-right to win seats in the Bundestag since the 1950s.  Petry, the highest-profile figure in the AfD s more moderate wing, had shocked other senior members by saying on Monday she would not sit with the AfD in the Bundestag (lower house) but rather as an independent member of parliament. Her husband, another senior AfD figure, is also leaving the party.   We tried to change course but you have to realize when you reach a point when that is no longer possible,  Petry, a 42-year-old chemist, told reporters in the eastern city of Dresden.  I have five children for whom I am responsible and ultimately you have to be able to look yourself in the mirror.  Petry has clashed with other senior members, arguing for the party to take a more moderate course to make it possible for it to join a coalition government. Her husband, Marcus Pretzell - head of the AfD in the western state of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW) and also an MP in the European Parliament - is quitting the party and will become an independent MP, a spokesman for the AfD in NRW said. The spokesman said Pretzell and another AfD lawmaker in NRW s regional assembly who is also leaving the party had made the decision for reasons of  personal integrity . On Monday, four of the 17 AfD lawmakers in the assembly of the eastern state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern announced they were bolting because the party had become more radical. Europe s far-right parties have a history of infighting among their various factions. Marine Le Pen, leader of France s National Front, last week lost her deputy over policy differences.  Alexander Gauland and Alice Weidel, the AfD s top candidates during the election campaign, were elected as chairs of the party s parliamentary group on Tuesday. Gauland is a supporter of Bjoern Hoecke, a senior AfD member who has courted controversy by denying that Adolf Hitler was  absolutely evil  and calling Berlin s Holocaust Memorial a  monument of shame . Weidel was originally an opponent of Hoecke but has not been so critical of him lately. Weidel said she did not expect other lawmakers to quit the party but added:  We ll have to see. The step surprised us all, but there are not yet any trends recognizable in the future parliamentary group.  Senior AfD member Dirk Driesang, who in July founded a moderate group within the AfD called the  Alternative Centre , with which Petry was said to sympathize, told news magazine Der Spiegel that the group could not understand Petry s decision and would not be following in her footsteps. He said the group would continue to fight for the AfD to take a moderate course and added that  a spin-off from the AfD is a stillbirth . Driesang pointed to the example of Bernd Lucke, who founded the AfD then left in 2015 due to what he saw as rising xenophobia and then formed a new, unsuccessful party. Petry was the most recognizable face in the AfD during its swift rise over the past two years. But she said on Monday she could not stand with an  anarchistic party  that lacked a credible plan to govern. For months, Petry has urged the AfD to soften its stance and prepare to join coalition governments, while others wanted the party to stick to opposition. Mainstream parties refuse to work with the AfD. She had also distanced herself from some of the AfD s more radical senior members, saying their comments were putting voters off. Gauland caused a scandal during the election campaign by saying Germans should be proud of their World War Two soldiers. He also said the integration minister should be  disposed of  in Turkey, where her parents come from. As the AfD convened in Berlin on Tuesday for its first parliamentary group meeting, Gauland said discussions in the Bundestag would not echo those of the party s campaign.  It s clear that the talks during the campaign are different to those held in parliament,  he said.   ",1
18988,Top U.S. general says North Korea military posture unchanged despite rhetoric,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States  top military officer said on Tuesday that despite an escalation in rhetoric between the United States and North Korea, he had not seen Pyongyang change it s military posture.  While the political space is clearly very charged right now, we haven t seen a change in the posture of North Korean forces and we watch that very closely,  Marine General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the military s Joint Chiefs of Staff, told a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing for his reappointment.  What we haven t seen is military activity that would be reflective of the charged political environment.  ",1
18989,German FDP reject Macron's call to create joint euro zone budget,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A senior member of Germany s pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), a potential coalition partner for Chancellor Angela Merkel, generally welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron s European Union speech but criticized his proposal to create a joint euro zone budget.  This was a courageous speech by President Macron, even if not all of his proposals meet approval of the FDP,  said Alexander Graf Lambsdorff, FDP leader in the EU legislature. While Lambsdorff welcomed Macron s call to strengthen military cooperation in the EU and seize the opportunities of digitization, he rejected the idea of a join euro zone budget.  The problem in Europe is not a lack of public funds, but the lack of reform. A euro zone budget would set exactly the wrong incentives,  he said. ",1
18990,"Iran vows to stand with Baghdad, Ankara against Iraqi Kurds' independence push","LONDON (Reuters) - Tehran vowed on Tuesday to stand alongside Baghdad and Ankara  against the outcome of an independence referendum staged by Kurdish authorities in northern Iraq, a day after thousands of Iranian Kurds marched in support of the vote. State media also quoted an army commander as saying that new missile systems were installed on Tuesday, a day after the referendum, in western provinces that border Iraqi Kurdish areas to  firmly respond to any invasion . Iran, Iraq and Turkey - countries with Kurdish minorities - have all denounced the referendum as a threat to the stability of a region already beset by conflict, while the United States has expressed similar disquiet. Ali Akbar Velayati, the top adviser to Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, stepped up the pressure as the Iraqi government ruled out talks on possible secession for Kurdish-held northern Iraq and Turkey threatened sanctions.  The Iraqi people won t stand silent. Iran and Turkey and other regional countries won t stand silent and will stand against this abhorrent deviation,  Velayati was quoted as saying by ISNA news agency.  The Muslim nations will not allow the creation of a second Israel.   Velayati did not say what action Iran had in mind. However, the country s media have compared the Kurds  desire for a homeland with the 1948 creation of Israel. The Islamic republic regards the Jewish state as its greatest enemy along with the United States. Initial referendum results indicated 72 percent of eligible voters had taken part and an overwhelming majority, possibly over 90 percent, had said  yes , Kurdish TV channel Rudaw said. Final results are expected by Wednesday. Undaunted by years of official suppression of dissent, residents in a number of mainly Kurdish cities in northwestern Iran danced in circles as night fell on Monday, chanting slogans praising Kurdish nationalist movements.  Videos posted on social media showed drivers beeping their car horns in celebration and people clapping in the cities of Marivan and Baneh. Many wore masks so as not to be identified by the security forces. About 30 million ethnic Kurds are scattered across the region but have no country of their own. With 8 to 10 million living in Iran, Tehran fears pressure for secession will grow among a minority which has a long history of struggle for its political rights. A strong police presence tried to control the celebrating crowd. There were reports of clashes between the demonstrators and security forces in the cities of Mahabad and Sanandaj. In Sanandaj the crowd waved the flag of Kurdistan, a banned symbol for the Kurds  desire for independence.  This referendum will encourage Iranian Kurds to be more determined to seek their rights,  said Zaribar, a Marivan resident and member of the Democratic Party of Iranian Kurdistan, a secular armed group which launches periodic attacks in Iran.   This referendum was not a threat to Iraq s neighbors, but it s a starting point to resolve the issues of Kurds, especially in Iran,  added Zaribar, who declined to give his full name. Tehran announced a ban on direct flights to and from Iraqi Kurdistan on Sunday at the request of the central government in Baghdad and called for a land blockade of the autonomous region by all neighboring countries. Media gave no further details of the newly-installed missile systems. However, Iranian fighter jets flew in a show of force over western provinces of Iran as part of a military drill, including the Kurdish cities of Sardasht and Oshnavieh. Although many Iranian Kurds would like to copy the referendum model, the road to autonomy or independence would be more difficult under the Islamic Republic s theocratic rule and its military might. The Revolutionary Guards have put down unrest in Kurdish areas for decades, and the hardline judiciary has sentenced many activists to long jail terms or death. Iran sent Guards Commander Qassem Soleimani to northern Iraq last week in a failed final effort to persuade the Kurdistan regional government from holding the referendum. One Kurd from Baneh, who gave his name as Arbaba, said he was exhilarated  from the bottom of my heart for victory in the referendum . However, he was worried it would increase pressure on Iranian Kurds to prevent them from going down the same path.  The Iranian regime will militarize the Kurdish areas even more,  Arbaba said. For the Iranian state the referendum of the Kurds  demand for state of their own was a  Zionist plot  aimed at bringing instability to the region.  This view that a wandering scattered nation would only find peace if they find a homeland, was the core philosophy for creation of Israel,  wrote the Kayhan, a hardline newspaper closely associated with Supreme Leader. Israel has backed Kurdish independence. It has maintained discreet military, intelligence and business ties with Kurds since the 1960s, viewing the minority as a buffer against shared adversaries. ",1
18991,Dutch tourist group cuts South Africa visit short after armed bus robbery,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - A group of 36 Dutch tourists were flying out of South Africa on Tuesday after they were robbed at gunpoint on Sunday in a brazen heist while traveling from Johannesburg s main international airport to their hotel, officials said. The incident is an embarrassment for South Africa, a country keen to promote itself as a tourist destination but scarred by violent crime. Tourism accounts for 3 percent of GDP and is seen as a bright spot in an otherwise moribund economy. Journalists saw the group pull out of the hotel in a bus under police escort after they met with South Africa s police minister and tourist minister as well the ambassador from the Netherlands.  We ll bring these criminals to book. We ll find them,  Police Minister Fikile Mbalula told journalists after the meeting. The bus was stopped on Sunday night by a vehicle with police markings and one man in police uniform with five accomplices in civilian clothing robbed the tourists at gunpoint. Nobody was shot but two people were injured, police said. Dutch ambassador Marisa Gerards said most of the tourists had to cut their visit short because all of their belongings were taken.   Ironically, she said many of the tourists had  booked this organized trip out of safety concerns.   South Africa entices tourists with first-rate infrastructure, sunshine, beaches, wildlife and an exchange rate that makes its food and wine cheap by global standards.  But a jobless rate of over 25 percent and glaring income disparities have worsened its problems with violent crime. The murder rate is 34 per 100,000 people, according to data released by police last year, almost seven times the rate in the United States. ",1
18992,France's Macron picked moment to put EU proposals to Germany,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday said he deliberately laid out his vision for sweeping European Union reforms just after Germany s election and before coalition talks there are concluded in order for his proposals to have more influence.  Some had said I should wait for the coalition talks to be concluded,  Macron said, adding that had he done so, the reaction in Berlin would have been:  Your proposals are great but it s too late, the coalition deal already lays out what will we do on Europe for the next four years.         ",1
18993,"UAE law targets sexual harassment, forced labor","DUBAI (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates, criticized globally for its treatment of migrant workers, issued a law on Tuesday to combat abuse of domestic staff, state news agency WAM said. It includes prohibitions on sexual harassment, forced labor, and the employment of domestic workers under 18. It also stipulates that workers are entitled to one paid day off each week, 30 days of paid vacation per year and up to 30 days of sick leave. President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al-Nahyan approved the law, which was praised by human rights organizations when its draft was passed by the country s legislative body in May. The UAE relies heavily on migrant labor with an estimated 8 million workers making up more than 80 percent of its population, according to the International Labour Organization. Many  domestic workers come from southeast Asia. The Gulf Arab state has in the past been sharply criticized by groups such as Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch for allowing domestic staff to endure long hours, unpaid wages and abuse. The new law covers 19 service work occupations, including guards, parking valet workers, gardeners, domestic workers, cooks, and nannies, as well as private trainers, nurses, and drivers.     It is set to take effect two months after its publication in the official gazette. While welcoming the legal change, rights organizations have voiced concerns about its enforcement and implementation   like how labor inspections will be conducted. Another area of concern is the  kafala  or sponsorship system, which forces foreign workers to seek their employer s consent to change jobs or leave the country, appears set to remain in place. ",1
18994,Former Ivory Coast president Gbagbo to remain in detention for trial: ICC,"AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The International Criminal Court on Tuesday said judges had ordered former Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo to remain in detention during his war crimes trial. Judges said Gbagbo presented a flight risk and has a  network of supporters  that could obstruct or endanger trial proceedings if he were released. Gbagbo s defense team had requested provisional release but judges said they failed to propose  concrete and solid  conditions that would ensure Gbagbo s continued presence at the trial. Gbagbo is accused of four counts of crimes against humanity, including murder, rape, persecution and other inhumane acts allegedly committed during post-electoral violence in Ivory Coast between 16 December 2010 and 12 April 2011 when Gbagbo refused to accept defeat by rival Alassane Ouattara. His trial began in January 2016. This week prosecutors called former army chief Philippe Mangou to give evidence. ",1
18995,Highlights: French President Macron's speech on the EU,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron laid out his vision for reform of the European Union on Tuesday, detailing a desire for a major overhaul of the single currency bloc and ideas on deeper defense and immigration cooperation. Macron was setting out his ideas before German Chancellor Angela Merkel begins the task of building a coalition government after she suffered a sharp fall in support in Sunday s election, which may hamper her ability to help him deliver reform.   Below are highlights from his speech:  A more fragile Europe is today exposed to waves of globalization.   The only path that assures our future is the rebuilding of a Europe that is sovereign, united and democratic.    At the beginning of the next decade, Europe must have a joint intervention force, a common defense budget and a joint doctrine for action.   We must provide Europe with a joint civil protection force.   It is only with Europe that we can efficiently protect our borders and welcome those who need protection in a dignified manner, and at the same time send back those who are not eligible for asylum.   We must create a European asylum office, which accelerates and harmonizes our procedures.        Says he wants  the gradual creation of a European border police  to assure the better protection of Europe s borders.      We can no longer see Africa as a threat but as a partner.   Development aid must be increased.     We need a tax on carbon at the borders of Europe. This is indispensable.   Studies show that a carbon price below 25-30 euros per tonne is not efficient.  Macron says Europe needs  an agency for disruptive innovation ... let us finance research in new areas such as Artificial Intelligence.   We cannot accept that there are European firms that are taxed and internationals one that are not.   Says he wants EU heads of states to take up the issue of  a tax on value where it is created, which will enable us to review our tax systems profoundly, to tax without complacency those companies that set up outside Europe for the sole purpose of escaping tax.   A durable economic power can only be built around a single currency. It is from this economic and monetary union that we can create an integrated Europe.   The fundamental issue is not a mechanism which will magically solve all our problems ... it is not about mutualizing our past debts or solving the financial problems of one country or another. What is at stake is to reduce unemployment which affects one in five European youths.  Macron says Europe needs its own budget to  finance joint investments and assure stability when confronted by economic shocks ... A budget can only go hand in hand with strong political leadership led by a common minister and a strong parliamentary supervision at the European level.    Macron says wants to define  a common corporate tax band ; Europe needs to define a minimum wage that reflects the economic reality of each country.       We need a Europe that is simpler, more transparent and less bureaucratic.   Simple, efficient, protective, the single market should become a space for convergence rather than competition.  In the context of a wider Europe:  We cannot continue with a (European) Commission of 30 members, as if each country must have its own members. It has no sense and does not reflect the European project. A Commission of 15 members should be our target.  FRANCO-GERMAN AXIS To Germany:  Why not set ourselves the objective that by 2024 we integrate totally our markets by applying the same rules to our companies, from corporate law to bankruptcy regulation.  On Merkel:  We share the same European ambitions and I know her commitment to Europe. I m proposing to Germany a new partnership We will not agree on everything, not immediately, but we will discuss everything.    This Europe which has allowed us to turn our backs on war needs to be ambitious once again.  ",1
18996,"France's Macron says euro zone needs its own budget, a finance minister","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday reaffirmed that he wanted the euro zone to have its own budget and finance minister, adding that it was key to ensure the stability of the single currency union and to weather economic shocks.  The fundamental issue at stake is not a mechanism which will magically solve all our problems,  Macron said in a speech on the future of Europe.  What is at stake is to reduce unemployment which affects one in five European youths.  He added that his idea was not about  mutualizing past debts  or about trying to  resolve the public finance problems of one state or another . ",1
18997,EU's Juncker hails Macron speech as 'very European',"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker hailed Emmanuel Macron s major speech on EU reform on Tuesday as  very European  and thanked the French head of state for his support for the EU s efforts in Brussels.  A very European speech from my friend Emmanuel Macron,  the EU chief executive wrote in French on Twitter.  Europe needs courage. Thank you for your support for the work of the EU institutions.   What we need now is a roadmap to advance the Union at 27. We have to openly discuss all ideas and decide before May 2019,  Juncker added, referring to his call in a keynote address of his own two weeks ago for a summit after Britain leaves the Union in March 2019 to decide the future for the remaining 27 members. Juncker s chief-of-staff Martin Selmayr, who kept up a stream of tweets throughout Macron s address at the Sorbonne highlighting similarities between his proposals and those of Juncker, tweeted:  Rarely Europe saw such convergence of views between a French president a Commission president.  Some nuances, yes. But also strong commonalities.  Among key proposals made by Juncker and Macron was for the euro zone to have its own budget and finance minister. However, Juncker has warned against Macron s suggestion that euro zone states create their own separate institutions.  Juncker says that may renew divisions between the richer west and poorer east of the continent and wants countries like Poland to be encouraged to join the euro zone and for a euro zone budget to managed by existing institutions of the whole EU. ",1
18998,The new risk for Europe: an inward-looking Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - In 2008, in a fit of pique over Angela Merkel s cautious response to the global financial crisis, the French president, Nicolas Sarkozy, lashed out at his German counterpart.  While France is acting, Germany is just thinking about it,  Sarkozy seethed. Nearly a decade later, after an election that has weakened Merkel and vaulted a new far-right party into the German parliament, European fears of a risk-averse, inward-looking Germany are back.  If you are sitting in other European capitals, you are watching nervously,  said Robin Niblett, director of the Chatham House think tank in London.  Merkel s room to take conciliatory positions, to play a leadership role and to move Europe forward has narrowed.  Back in 2008, the complexity of the fast-moving financial crisis and an aversion to big stimulus measures made Merkel cautious. This time, domestic politics is the driver. At a time when new French President Emmanuel Macron is pressing Merkel to work with him to reshape Europe and Brexit negotiations with Britain are nearing crunch time, the German chancellor faces months of difficult coalition negotiations that could lead to a dead-end. If she is able to cobble together a three-way coalition with the business-friendly Free Democrats (FDP) and environmentalist Greens   her only option for now   it would almost surely be a less stable construction than her current government. This new coalition would have to cope with a more confrontational opposition in the Bundestag, led by Merkel s bitter outgoing partner, the Social Democrats (SPD), and the disruptive Alternative for Germany (AfD), the first far-right party to sit in parliament in over half a century. The weakness of Merkel s conservative bloc   its score of 32.9 percent was the lowest since 1949   and the strength of the AfD is a result of her decision in 2015 to allow hundreds of thousands of refugees into Germany. That has hurt her standing within her own party and spooked her Bavarian allies, the Christian Social Union (CSU), who bled support to the AfD in Sunday s vote. The CSU is likely to be an even more difficult partner for Merkel than the FDP and Greens.  Merkel presided over the entry into the Bundestag of an extreme right wing party and that is an indictment of sorts. It has weakened her, without a doubt,  said Niblett. Europe s political establishment entered 2017 concerned that the populist tsunami that led to Brexit in Britain and Donald Trump s election win in United States would sweep over the continent. Instead, the Dutch backed liberal incumbent Mark Rutte over far-right firebrand Geert Wilders and the French chose the unabashedly pro-European centrist Macron over Marine Le Pen. In Germany on Sunday, the political center also held. Parties of the center-right and center-left won over 73 percent against roughly 22 percent for the far-right AfD and hard-left Linke. But the vote was also a reminder to Europe that the populists are not going away. And it exposed cracks in the  pillar of stability  that Germany and Merkel have come to represent in perhaps the most challenging decade for Europe since World War Two.  The German election was a double blow from a European perspective,  said Pascal Lamy, the former head of the World Trade Organization (WTO).  On the one hand, Merkel who has come to exemplify stability, has emerged politically weakened. On the other, anti-European forces have gained.  Some people in Berlin and other capitals are describing the result as the beginning of the end of the Merkel era. Although she pledged on Monday to serve a full four-year term, many expect her to hand over to a successor in two to three years. Carsten Brzeski, chief economist for Germany at ING, said  on Monday that the election result could turn Merkel into a  lame duck  much faster than anyone anticipated. Officials in Paris and other capitals suggested the next big European reform may have to be done without her. Others expressed concern about the direction Germany could take in the post-Merkel era. Those fears are probably overdone. Merkel is a survivor who is at her best when mediating between different camps, as she will have to do over the coming months if she wants to convince disparate parties like the CSU, Greens and FDP to work together. While agreeing a reform of the euro zone with Macron has become more challenging because of the FDP s hardline views, other priorities, such as European defense cooperation, may become easier with the Social Democrats (SPD) out of government, advisers to the French president note. Senior officials at the European Commission say months of German coalition talks could actually provide the space needed for Macron s ideas to gain traction. Still, the negotiations carry risks.  After twelve years in power, Merkel has gained a reputation for smothering her coalition partners. The CSU and the SPD were the victims in Sunday s election. Four years ago it was the FDP, which was booted out of parliament for the first time in the post-war era after serving as her junior partner. This will lead all of her potential partners to push a hard bargain.  Failing to form a stable majority government would probably spell the end of (Merkel s) chancellorship. And, more broadly, it could usher in a new period of political chaos,  former German foreign minister Joschka Fischer said in a Project Syndicate commentary on Tuesday.  No one should wish that on Germany   or on Europe.  ",1
18999,Co-leader of Germany's far-right AfD to quit in major blow,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Frauke Petry, co-leader of the far-right Alternative for Germany, said on Tuesday she was leaving the party in a major blow to its credibility just two days after it surged to third place in a national election. The anti-immigrant AfD won 12.6 percent of the vote in Germany s election on Sunday, becoming the third-largest group in parliament and the first from the far-right to win seats in the Bundestag since the 1950s.  Petry, the highest-profile figure in the AfD s more moderate wing, had shocked other senior members by saying on Monday she would not sit with the AfD in the Bundestag (lower house) but rather as an independent member of parliament. Her husband, another senior AfD figure, is also leaving the party.   We tried to change course but you have to realize when you reach a point when that is no longer possible,  Petry, a 42-year-old chemist, told reporters in the eastern city of Dresden.  I have five children for whom I am responsible and ultimately you have to be able to look yourself in the mirror.  Petry has clashed with other senior members, arguing for the party to take a more moderate course to make it possible for it to join a coalition government. Her husband, Marcus Pretzell - head of the AfD in the western state of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW) and also an MP in the European Parliament - is quitting the party and will become an independent MP, a spokesman for the AfD in NRW said. The spokesman said Pretzell and another AfD lawmaker in NRW s regional assembly who is also leaving the party had made the decision for reasons of  personal integrity . On Monday, four of the 17 AfD lawmakers in the assembly of the eastern state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern announced they were bolting because the party had become more radical. Europe s far-right parties have a history of infighting among their various factions. Marine Le Pen, leader of France s National Front, last week lost her deputy over policy differences.  Alexander Gauland and Alice Weidel, the AfD s top candidates during the election campaign, were elected as chairs of the party s parliamentary group on Tuesday. Gauland is a supporter of Bjoern Hoecke, a senior AfD member who has courted controversy by denying that Adolf Hitler was  absolutely evil  and calling Berlin s Holocaust Memorial a  monument of shame . Weidel was originally an opponent of Hoecke but has not been so critical of him lately. Weidel said she did not expect other lawmakers to quit the party but added:  We ll have to see. The step surprised us all, but there are not yet any trends recognizable in the future parliamentary group.  Senior AfD member Dirk Driesang, who in July founded a moderate group within the AfD called the  Alternative Centre , with which Petry was said to sympathize, told news magazine Der Spiegel that the group could not understand Petry s decision and would not be following in her footsteps. He said the group would continue to fight for the AfD to take a moderate course and added that  a spin-off from the AfD is a stillbirth . Driesang pointed to the example of Bernd Lucke, who founded the AfD then left in 2015 due to what he saw as rising xenophobia and then formed a new, unsuccessful party. Petry was the most recognizable face in the AfD during its swift rise over the past two years. But she said on Monday she could not stand with an  anarchistic party  that lacked a credible plan to govern. For months, Petry has urged the AfD to soften its stance and prepare to join coalition governments, while others wanted the party to stick to opposition. Mainstream parties refuse to work with the AfD. She had also distanced herself from some of the AfD s more radical senior members, saying their comments were putting voters off. Gauland caused a scandal during the election campaign by saying Germans should be proud of their World War Two soldiers. He also said the integration minister should be  disposed of  in Turkey, where her parents come from. As the AfD convened in Berlin on Tuesday for its first parliamentary group meeting, Gauland said discussions in the Bundestag would not echo those of the party s campaign.  It s clear that the talks during the campaign are different to those held in parliament,  he said.   ",1
19000,Kenyan police disperse protests against election commission,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan police used tear gas and batons on Tuesday to disperse protesters who say election officials should be sacked before the re-run of a presidential vote because they favor President Uhuru Kenyatta. Several volleys of tear gas were fired near the election commission headquarters in central Nairobi, a Reuters witness said. When protestors regrouped, officers fired more tear gas and beat some with batons. By mid-afternoon calm had returned. Raila Odinga, who lost his presidential bid on Aug. 8, will get another chance after the Supreme Court annulled the election citing irregularities and ordered a fresh vote within 60 days. However, Odinga has accused the election commission, known as the IEBC, of being a puppet of Kenyatta s ruling Jubilee party and said he will not participate in the Oct. 26 re-run if election officials are not sacked and prosecuted. The court did not find any individual responsible but said institutional failings had led to irregularities and illegalities in the transmission of election results.  The election commission has asked the opposition to call off protests until the IEBC has explained the various measures being taken to  enhance the credibility and integrity  of the vote.  IEBC cannot begin the process of an honest election as long as those responsible for the irregularities and illegalities are still lurking in its corridors,  Odinga told reporters.  IEBC has refused to dismiss or suspend them. That is why we are today beginning these peaceful campaigns to force them out by public pressure so the process of a fair election can at last begin,  he added. Last week Kenya s chief prosecutor ordered investigations into 11 election board officials including its chief executive, Ezra Chiloba, as well as a lawyer and campaigner who worked for Odinga. Speaking as protestors gathered outside his office, Chiloba said he would not resign.  I have (a) responsibility before me and I have to discharge that responsibility,  he told Kenya s KTN television network. Some Kenyatta supporters also took to the streets in Nairobi but there were no clashes between the two sides. In the port city of Mombasa, a crowd gathered at local election office, chanting:  No reforms no elections. Chiloba must go!  The Kenyan government in a statement accused  mobs of hooligans  of taking advantage of the protests to destroy property and said  a number of criminals  had been arrested and would be taken to court.  Underscoring the rising tensions, a newly elected opposition lawmaker was charged with subversion at a court hearing in Nairobi on Tuesday. Paul Ongili Owino was arrested after a video clip of him speaking while campaigning for Odinga emerged on social media in which he called Kenyatta a son of a dog. The prosecution said those words were  calculated to excite disaffection against the presidency . Ahead of Tuesday s demonstrations by the opposition National Super Alliance coalition, Kenyatta had said violence would not be tolerated.  People are free to demonstrate but they must ensure that they do not destroy other people s property,  he said.  Let them not think that they will break into other people s shops and interfere with the daily routine of other Kenyans. That, we shall not allow,  he said. In the western city of Kisumu, an Odinga stronghold where some 3,000 protestors gathered, one protestor, vegetable market vendor Hellen Aketch said:  I will support anything that assures me of the validity and the safety of my vote in the upcoming elections.   I have closed (my) business today and I am ready to do it again so long as some sanity is realized among those who hold public office.  ",1
19001,Myanmar army Facebook posts covering key period of offensive 'hidden',"YANGON (Reuters) - Facebook posts from Myanmar s army detailing the opening phase of its crackdown last month on Rohingya Muslim insurgents - an operation now being probed by the United Nations - are no longer visible on its official page, Reuters found. Posts for the period between Aug. 1 and Aug. 29 appear to have been  hidden  on the Facebook page of the office of the commander-in-chief, Min Aung Hlaing, which has covered the military s actions, including those in western Myanmar, in detailed dispatches. The posts, which can still be found using specific date or keyword searches, included detailed accounts of the operation launched by the army following attacks on security forces on Aug. 25. It is unclear why, or when exactly, the posts disappeared. They were not visible on Sunday, Monday or Tuesday from several locations across Asia.  We don t hide anything, it might be some kind of error,  said Ministry of Defense spokesman General Aung Ye Win. Zaw Htay, the spokesman for national leader Aung San Suu Kyi, referred questions to Aung Ye Win. A spokesman for the military-run home affairs ministry, Police Colonel Myo Thu Soe, said he  had no idea  about the issue. A Facebook spokesperson said it was at the discretion of page administrators to hide posts if they wished. Around 480,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since the military counter-offensive began. The United Nations has described the campaign as ethnic cleansing. Myanmar has rejected that accusation, saying it is waging a legitimate fight against terrorists. A U.N.-mandated fact-finding mission is looking into  alleged recent human rights violations by military and security forces and abuses in Myanmar, in particular in Rakhine State . The probe includes the violence that followed the Aug. 25 attacks. It was established after a similar, smaller military operation late last year. The official military Facebook page shows a gap of nearly a month between a post on July 31 and the next one on Aug. 30. Like other news organizations, Reuters had used the detailed, timely postings in much of its early coverage of the August crisis. The August posts can still be seen if searched for with a specific date or a keyword, suggesting they have not been deleted but removed from the page s timeline using Facebook s  hide  function.  Keep in mind that if a post you ve hidden was shared, it may still be visible to the audience it was shared with in other places on Facebook,  says Facebook about the function on its website. The feature can be undone by the account holder to restore the posts. The hidden August posts include very detailed accounts of clashes with militants, often accompanied by pictures. The military first posted on the attacks on Aug. 25, attaching a map showing police posts and military base that had been attacked.  The timeline updates resume on the military page after Aug. 31, with more than 360 posts in September, mostly about operations in Rakhine. Myawady, a media group which covers the military and publishes daily newspapers, has kept the August issues available online. ",1
19002,Alleged Islamic State recruiter goes on trial in Germany,"Berlin (Reuters) - An Iraqi man preacher accused of recruiting fighters for Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, including two believed to have killed more than 150 Iraqi soldiers in suicide bombings, went on trial in a German court on Wednesday. Four alleged members of the Islamist network he had set up also stood trial. Prosecutors say the 33-year-old preacher, identified as Ahmad Abdulaziz Abdullah A. in court documents, recruited at least seven individuals who ended up traveling to the Middle East where they fought alongside Islamic State militants. Two died in two separate suicide bombing attacks against Iraqi army positions in 2015 in which more than 150 soldiers were killed, prosecutors said. The two recruits, identified as Mark and Kevin K, joined Islamic State in 2014.  The main suspect, known by the nickname Abu Walaa, which in Arabic means Father of Loyalty, and the four others   a Turk, a German, a Serbian-German dual citizen and a national of Cameroon   were arrested in November in raids in the states of Lower Saxony and North-Rhine Westphalia. They have been held in custody since then. The defendants have chosen to remain silent during the trial. The men had held religious lessons during which potential recruits were handed radical Islamic material, prosecutors said. Prosecutors believe Abu Walaa preached at the Fussilet Mosque in Berlin, which was attended by a failed asylum seeker who killed 12 people at a Christmas market in the German capital last year.  The federal prosecutor essentially accused the suspects of being members of and supporting a foreign terrorist organization,  a spokeswoman for the Higher Regional Court in the northern city of Celle said. Michael Murat Sertoez, a lawyer for one of the suspects, said:  There will be a lot of protected witnesses who will testify and that is not acceptable for us . ",1
19003,German conservatives push Finance Minister Schaeuble to swap job,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Senior conservatives raised pressure on Wolfgang Schaeuble on Tuesday to give up the finance ministry and instead impose his authority as head of Germany s next parliament, which will include a large bloc of far-right members. Schaeuble has held the ministry since 2009 but Sunday s election, in which Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives bled support to the far right and found themselves needing to build an untried coalition, has raised doubts over whether he can keep the job. The post is coveted in particular by the pro-business, low-tax FDP, whose support Merkel is likely to need, together with the Greens, to assemble a working majority.    The tone in the new assembly is also likely to be made more abrasive by the Alternative for Germany (AfD), which stunned the establishment on Sunday by becoming the first far-right party to enter parliament in more than half a century. A member of the executive committee of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) said that, if Schaeuble were to become parliamentary speaker, it would be  very important - because of the AfD and the climate in parliament . Guenther Oettinger, the European Union s budget commissioner and a conservative from the same region as Schaeuble, told the Stuttgarter Zeitung newspaper that Schaeuble would make an  ideal  candidate for the post. Schaeuble has refused to discuss his future after the election, beyond signaling his desire to stay in politics. The new lower house, the Bundestag, has until Oct. 24 to convene, and a new president of parliament must be chosen by then. The current president, CDU lawmaker Norbert Lammert, is not up for re-election. The Bundestag president cannot simultaneously hold a ministerial post. After Sunday s election, Merkel s conservative bloc remains the largest group in the lower house, but looks unable to renew its current alliance with the center-left Social Democrats, leaving a coalition with FDP and Greens as the only practical option. Securing the finance ministry would give the FDP the chance to cut taxes and also oppose the kind of closer euro zone integration proposed by French President Emmanuel Macron. Speaking at Schaeuble s 75th birthday celebration last week, Merkel paid tribute to his 45 years as a member of parliament, but gave no clear signal that she wanted to retain him in the post after the election. Confined to a wheelchair since being shot at an election rally in 1990, Schaeuble is widely respected in Germany as a steward of the nation s finances, and enjoyed Merkel s strong support during the euro zone debt crisis, which almost tore the currency bloc apart. But he is a hate figure in Greece and other parts of southern Europe for his insistence on austerity at a time of deep recession in return for euro zone bailout loans.  ",1
19004,"Brexit negotiations not ready for next stage yet, EU's Tusk says","LONDON (Reuters) - Sufficient progress has not yet been made in Brexit talks to allow negotiations to move to the next phase of discussing the future relationship including trade, European Council President Donald Tusk said on Tuesday. After a meeting in Downing Street with British Prime Minister Theresa May, Tusk said he welcomed a new constructive and realistic tone from the government, adding that  this shows that the philosophy of having a cake and eating it is finally coming at an end - at least I hope so.  He added:  We will discuss our future relations with the UK once there is so-called sufficient progress. The sides are working and we work hard at it. But if you ask me... I would say there s no sufficient progress yet, but we will work on it.  Britain wants to move divorce talks on from settling budget commitments with the bloc and issues such as the future status of EU citizens living in the UK to discussions about future trade relations. May, who hoped to give the negotiations a shot in the arm with a speech in Florence last week, earlier told Tusk that Britain and EU could make Brexit a success if the two sides were creative.  By being creative in the ways we approach these issues, we can find solutions that work both for the remaining (EU) 27 but also for the UK and maintain that cooperation and partnership between the UK and the EU,  May said. ",1
19005,Russian bombers fire cruise missiles at Islamic State targets in Syria: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Tu-95 strategic bombers have fired cruise missiles at Islamic State targets in Syria s Deir al-Zor and Idlib provinces, the RIA news agency quoted Russia s Defense Ministry as saying on Tuesday. The strikes were carried out at a safe distance from U.S. special forces and U.S.-backed militias, the ministry was cited as saying. ",1
19006,"Netanyahu congratulates Merkel, sees anti-Semitism rising on left and right","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu voiced concern over anti-Semitism on the left and right in a congratulatory phone call to German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Tuesday after an election that returned her to power but brought the far right into parliament. Merkel s conservative bloc remains the largest group in Germany s lower house, but bled support in Sunday s poll to the far right and may need to cobble together a hitherto untested coalition with environmentalist and liberal parties.  Jewish groups in Europe and the United States expressed alarm at the success of the nationalist Alternative for Germany (AfD) in Sunday s ballot and urged other parties not to form an alliance with it. Those parties have pledged to shun the AfD. The AfD, which has surged in the two years since Merkel opened Germany s borders to more than 1 million migrants mainly fleeing Middle East wars, says immigration jeopardizes Germany s culture but denies it is racist or anti-Semitic. A statement issued by Netanyahu s office did not mention the AfD by name in calling on Merkel s future government to  strengthen forces in Germany that accept historical responsibility  for the Nazi Holocaust. It quoted Netanyahu as having  congratulated Merkel on her victory  and voicing confidence the  special relationship between Germany and Israel would deepen and prosper under her leadership . Merkel has been Germany s chancellor since 2005. In the statement, a recap Netanyahu gave his cabinet of his conversation with Merkel, the conservative Israeli leader pointed to anti-Semitism as not being solely a threat from the right.  Israel is concerned over the rise in anti-Semitism in recent years among political elements on the right and the left and also among Islamic elements,  the statement said, without naming any parties. Last month, Netanyahu s 26-year-old son, Yair, drew public criticism in Israel for suggesting on social media that hard-left organizations now pose more of a danger than neo-Nazi groups. Yair Netanyahu spoke after a protester was killed during a white nationalist rally in the U.S. state of Virginia in August. U.S. President Donald Trump stirred controversy at the time by insisting that left-wing protesters who showed up to counter the ultra-rightist rally were also to blame for violence. The far-right has not been represented in the German parliament since the 1950s, a reflection of German efforts to distance themselves from the horrors of the Holocaust. Germany, home today to about 200,000 Jews, has built a reputation in recent decades as a tolerant, safe place for Jews to live. But data show anti-Semitic crimes reported to German police rose 4 percent to 681 in the first eight months of 2017 from the same period last year. ",1
19007,Croatia jails Serb paramilitary commander for war crimes,"ZAGREB (Reuters) - A Croatian court on Tuesday sentenced a Serb former paramilitary commander to 15 years in prison for torturing and killing soldiers and civilians during Croatia s 1991-95 independence war. Dragan Vasiljkovic, 62, who has dual Serbian and Australian citizenship, was charged with violating the Geneva Convention by torturing and killing captive Croatian soldiers and police in the rebel stronghold of Knin and for crimes near the towns of Glina and Benkovac in 1991 and 1993.   Vasiljkovic, whose trial in the Adriatic city of Split took one year, denied he had committed any crimes and can file an appeal. He was extradited to Croatia in 2015 after losing a nine-year battle to block extradition. He had been living in Perth and working as a golf instructor under the name Daniel Snedden. Croatia declared independence from Yugoslavia in 1991 but its Serb minority, backed by Belgrade, seized a third of the country by force. Croatia retook its occupied territory in a 1995 offensive. ",1
19008,Erdogan tells Iraqi Kurds they will go hungry if Turkey imposes sanctions,"HABUR, Turkey (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said Iraqi Kurds would go hungry if his country halts the flow of trucks and oil across the border with northern Iraq and warned that all military and economic measures were on the table against its neighbor. The comments, some of the harshest yet from Erdogan about Monday s referendum in Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdish region, came as Iraqi troops joined the Turkish army for military exercises near Turkey s border with northern Iraq. While initial results indicated overwhelming support for independence, Turkey - long northern Iraq s main link to the outside world - sees the referendum as a threat to its own security, fearing it will inflame separatism among its Kurdish population.   (They) will be left in the lurch when we start imposing our sanctions,  Erdogan said in a speech broadcast live on television.  It will be over when we close the oil taps, all (their) revenues will vanish, and they will not be able to find food when our trucks stop going to northern Iraq.  Turkey, which is home to the region s largest Kurdish population, is battling a three-decade Kurdish insurgency in its southeast, which borders northern Iraq. Erdogan said on Monday that traffic was only being allowed to cross from the Turkish side of the border into Iraq. Erdogan has repeatedly threatened economic sanctions, but has given few details. Hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil a day flow through a pipeline in Turkey from northern Iraq, connecting the region to global oil markets. Iraq, including the Kurdish region, was Turkey s third-largest export market in 2016, according to IMF data. Turkish exports to the country totaled $8.6 billion, behind Germany and the United Kingdom. Erdogan said all potential measures - including economic and  military initiatives that involved land and air space - were on the table, adding that Iraqi Kurds would be incapable of forming a state.  They don t have an idea on how to be a state. They think that they are a state just by saying it. This can t and won t happen,  he said. Iraqi soldiers joined Turkish troops for military exercises in southeast Turkey near the border with Iraq on Tuesday, a Reuters witness near the border said, as the two countries coordinate steps in response to the referendum. A small group of soldiers holding an Iraqi and a Turkish flag walked across the dusty plain where the exercises, launched last week, were being held 4 km (2.5 miles) from the Habur border gate. The flags were then held aloft from the top of an armored personnel carrier. National and international media observed the exercises from the main highway leading to the border gate. The Turkish president also accused Masoud Barzani, the president of the Kurdistan Regional Government, of  treachery  over the vote.  Until the very last moment, we weren t expecting Barzani to make such a mistake as holding the referendum. Apparently we were wrong,  Erdogan said.  This referendum decision, which has been taken without any consultation, is treachery.  ",1
19009,"Kremlin, after Kurdish vote, says supports integrity of regional states","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin on Tuesday signaled its opposition to Kurdish-held parts of northern Iraq breaking away, saying Moscow backed the territorial integrity of countries in the region. The comments were the Kremlin s first reaction after an independence referendum in Iraq s semi-autonomous Kurdish region showed strong support for a split.  We still believe that preserving the territorial and political integrity of the regional states is crucial for keeping stability and security in the region and for the settlement of the many critical problems this region has,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters. Peskov also confirmed that Russian President Vladimir had discussed the referendum in phone conversations with the leaders of Turkey and Iran on Monday. ",1
19010,Turkish foreign minister says joint operation with Iraq on table after referendum,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey will assess all requests made by the Iraqi central government in the wake of the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum, including a joint operation with Iraq, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Tuesday.  We will evaluate requests from Iraq. Everything including a joint operation is on the table,  he said in an interview with broadcaster Kanal 24. He added that was no reason for Turkey to close the Habur border gate with Iraq. ",1
19011,"Number of new refugees from Myanmar in Bangladesh up to 480,000 - agencies","YANGON (Reuters) - The number of refugees arriving in Bangladesh from Myanmar since Aug. 25 has risen to 480,000, international aid bodies said on Tuesday, adding that the figure had risen because 35,000 new arrivals had not been included in a previous tally. The refugees are fleeing a Myanmar military offensive launched in response to about 30 coordinated attacks by Rohingya Muslim insurgents on Aug. 25.  The change in the new arrivals figure ... is due, in large part, to the additional estimated 35,000 new arrivals settling in the two refugee camps, which was not reported in the last situation report,  the Inter-Sector Coordination Group of aid agencies said in a statement.    ",1
19012,Danish minister republishes controversial Prophet cartoon on Facebook,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Denmark s immigration minister on Tuesday posted a screenshot of her iPad showing a drawing of the Prophet Mohammad on Facebook, one of the satirical cartoons that caused outrage among Muslims around the world more than a decade ago. The Facebook post comes as a reaction to a decision by the Skovgaard Museum in Viborg, Denmark, not to include the drawing in a new exhibition about blasphemy since the Reformation.  It is the museum s own choice and they have their full right to do it, but I think it s a shame,  said Inger Stojberg, minister for immigration and integration, in her Facebook post.  The Facebook post is accompanied by a screen shot of the minister s iPad background screen, which shows a cartoon of a bearded man with a bomb in his turban. Stojberg said in the post she uses the cartoon as her background screen because it reminds her that Denmark is a country with freedom of speech, which includes the right to criticize religions.  Honestly, I think we should be proud of the Mohammad cartoons,  Stojberg said. Three Danish embassies were attacked and at least 50 people were killed in rioting in 2006 in the Middle East, Africa and Asia, after drawings of the Prophet Mohammed, images many Muslims consider blasphemous, were published in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten.   The picture posted on Monday by the minister was one of those cartoons. ",1
19013,"Pakistan's ex-PM Sharif appears before anti-corruption court, set to be indicted","ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Ousted Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif appeared before an anti-corruption court on Tuesday, kicking off trial proceedings that he says are biased and which threaten to dent his party s chances at the next general election due in mid-2018. Sharif briefly appeared before a National Accountability Bureau (NAB) court in Islamabad on three corruption charges. He did not enter a plea. Local TV channels reported that Sharif is scheduled to be formally indicted on Oct. 2, about two months after his disqualification by the Supreme Court for not declaring a small source of income that he denied receiving.  A Supreme Court panel has also alleged Sharif family s wealth far exceeds their legal income.  He has appeared before the court and by appearing he has proved to be a lion,  said Marvi Memom, a lawmaker for Sharif s ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N)party. Sharif, who returned from London on Monday after about a month in Britain, told the court his wife was being treated for cancer in London and needs his care. He did not speak to the media after his court appearance but is due to hold a televised press conference at 3pm (6.00 a.m. ET). Sharif has portrayed the corruption claims against him as politically motivated, while his allies, including daughter and heir-apparent Maryam, have hinted Pakistan s powerful military had a hand in his toppling. The military denies any such action.  It s a good thing that finally NAB and such institutions are holding rich and powerful to the count,  said Shafqat Mahmood, a senior members of the opposition Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party. PTI, led by cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan who doggedly pushed the Supreme Court into launching a corruption probe into Sharif, has called for an early election but it is unlikely the government will agree to that. Sharif s returned to Pakistan quashed growing speculation that his long absence was the start of another period in exile for the veteran leader whose three stints as prime minister were all cut short, including one by a military coup in 1999.  What kind of justice is this, what kind of accountability is this?  Sharif told reporters outside his upscale London apartment in London before departing for Islamabad on Sunday. Two of Sharif s sons are also due to appear before a NAB court, as well as Finance Minister Ishaq Dar, a long-time ally who is married into the Sharif family. Analysts say Sharif s return to Pakistan was in large part due to fears of defections within the PML-N, a common occurrence in a nation where politicians switch allegiances ahead of polls depending on which way the political winds are blowing. Sharif kept control of PML-N after his ouster and installed loyalist Shahid Khaqan Abbasi as prime minister. The Supreme Court has told the NAB courts that the trials into the Sharifs must be over within six months, with opponents betting that a flow of negative news from the trials will hurt PML-N s popularity ahead at the next election. ",1
19014,Brexit blues? Britons stay cheerful in tumultuous 12 months,"LONDON (Reuters) - Happiness levels in Britain have inched up to reach their highest rate since measurements of wellbeing began in 2011,  despite the political uncertainty since last year s Brexit vote, the statistics office said. The average level of happiness for the 12 months to March this year rose slightly among the roughly 150,000 people polled to 7.51 out of 10 after leveling off in the previous two years at slightly below 7.50.   Today s figures may surprise some, showing a small increase in both reported happiness and life satisfaction during a period that has seen political change and uncertainty,  ONS statistician Matthew Steel said. Higher employment rates and perceived improvement in personal finances could explain some of the rise, he added. A narrow majority of Britons who took part in the country s European Union membership referendum in June last year voted to leave the EU. Shortly afterwards, David Cameron resigned as prime minister and was replaced by Theresa May. Despite the political shock, Britain s economy held up in 2016 although it slowed sharply in the first six months of 2017.  A monthly survey of consumer sentiment published by research firm GfK on Aug. 31 showed households were their most pessimistic in a year in July before a slight improvement in August. ",1
19015,U.N. experts urge Aung San Suu Kyi to meet persecuted Rohingya,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Myanmar s leader Aung San Suu Kyi should personally meet members of the Muslim Rohingya minority which is being subjected to ongoing persecution by the military, a group of U.N. human rights experts said on Tuesday. Myanmar has rejected U.N. accusations that its forces are engaged in ethnic cleansing against Rohingya Muslims in response to coordinated attacks by Rohingya insurgents on the security forces on Aug. 25.  The military campaign has sent nearly 430,000 refugees fleeing to Bangladesh, the group of seven U.N. officials said. They include the special rapporteurs on human rights in Myanmar, on minority issues and on racism.    We call on Aung San Suu Kyi to meet the Rohingya personally,  the officials said in a statement. They said the implementation of promises by Suu Kyi to address the crisis, including that perpetrators would be held accountable, would amount to an  empty gesture  since so many Rohingya had fled.  Suu Kyi is Nobel Peace prize winner whose government came to power last year in a transition from nearly 50 years of harsh military rule. She has denounced any rights violations but international pressure on her is mounting and there are calls for her Nobel prize to be withdrawn. Suu Kyi has little if any control over the security forces under a military-drafted constitution that also bars her from the presidency and gives the military veto power over political reform. The 1.1 million Rohingya in Buddhist majority Myanmar are denied citizenship and classified as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, despite claiming roots in the region that go back centuries, with communities marginalized and occasionally subjected to communal violence. ",1
19016,"We can make Brexit a success if we are creative, PM May tells EU's Tusk","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain and the European Union can make Brexit a success if they are creative, Prime Minister Theresa May told European Council President Donald Tusk on Tuesday.  By being creative in the ways we approach these issues, we can find solutions that work both for the remaining (EU) 27 but also for the UK and maintain that cooperation and partnership between the UK and the EU,  May told Tusk at a meeting at Number 10 Downing Street. ",1
19017,"Husband of far-right AfD co-leader to quit party, lawmaker says","DUESSELDORF, Germany (Reuters) - Marcus Pretzell, a senior member of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) and the husband of party co-leader Frauke Petry, on Tuesday told a regional party branch he wanted to leave the AfD, a regional lawmaker in the AfD said.  Mr Pretzell told the parliamentary group he wants to leave the parliamentary group and then also the AfD,  said Helmut Seifen, a lawmaker in the regional assembly of the western state of North Rhine-Westphalia said. Pretzell declined to comment. Earlier on Tuesday German media reported that his wife, Petry, would leave the party that became the third largest group in parliament after Sunday s national election. ",1
19018,Palestinian gunman kills three Israeli guards at West Bank settlement,"HAR ADAR, West Bank (Reuters) - A Palestinian man with security clearance to work at a Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank opened fire at a checkpoint on Tuesday, killing two Israeli security guards and a paramilitary policeman. The assailant, who was armed with a pistol and also seriously wounded a fourth Israeli, was shot dead, police said. The incident was unusual in that the 37-year-old man had been issued an Israeli work permit - a process that entails security vetting - unlike most of the Palestinians involved in a wave of street attacks that began two years ago. A police spokeswoman said the gunman approached Har Adar among a group of Palestinians who work at the settlement, and aroused the suspicion of guards at the entrance checkpoint. Challenged to halt, the Palestinian  opened his shirt, drew a pistol and fired at the security staff and troopers at close range,  the spokeswoman said.  Residents of the settlement told Israeli media the man worked as a cleaner. One of them, Moish Berdichev, said he had domestic problems - his wife had left him - and speculated he may have carried out the attack knowing he would not survive.  He was a guy with a good head on his shoulders. It s a shame. Very sad,  Berdichev told Army Radio. The Shin Bet internal security service identified the man as Nimr Jamal and said he had  severe personal and family issues, including domestic violence . The man lived in the nearby Palestinian village of Beit Suriq, the police said. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in public remarks to his cabinet that the man s house would be demolished and any work permits issued to his relatives would be revoked.  ",1
19019,"Puerto Rico evacuates area near crumbling dam, asks for aid","SAN JUAN (Reuters) - Many people living near a crumbling dam in storm-battered Puerto Rico have evacuated, Governor Ricardo Rossello said on Monday, as he asked for more government aid to avert a humanitarian crisis after Hurricane Maria. Much of the Caribbean island, a U.S. territory with a population of 3.4 million, is still without electricity five days after Maria struck with ferocious winds and torrential rains, the most powerful hurricane to hit Puerto Rico in nearly a century. There have been growing concerns for some 70,000 people who live in the river valley below the Guajataca Dam in the island s northwest, where cracks were seen on Friday in the 88-year-old earthen structure. Rossello said he was working on the assumption that the 120-foot (35-meter) dam would collapse.   I d rather be wrong on that front than doing nothing and having that fail and costing people lives,  he said in an interview with CNN.  Most of the people in the near vicinity have evacuated.  It was unclear if the governor was saying that most of the 70,000 valley inhabitants had left the area, or only the several hundred people living in the small towns closest to the dam. About 320 people from those towns have moved to safety, according to local media. The fear of a potentially catastrophic dam break added to the immense task facing disaster relief authorities after Maria, which was the second major hurricane to strike the Caribbean this month. The storm killed at least 29 people in the region, at least 10 of those in Puerto Rico, which was already battling an economic crisis.  Rossello said that before the storms struck, he had been embarking on an aggressive fiscal agenda that included more than $1.5 billion in cuts.  This is a game changer,  he told CNN.  This is a completely different set of circumstances. This needs to be taken into consideration otherwise there will be a humanitarian crisis.  Brock Long, administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), and Tom Bossert, senior adviser to the Department of Homeland Security, met with Rossello on Monday. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters in Washington that the administration was engaged in a fact-finding process to figure out how much help Puerto Rico needs.  The federal response has been anything but slow,  Sanders said at the daily briefing.  In fact, there s been an unprecedented push through of billions of dollars in federal assistance that the administration has fought for.  Many structures on Puerto Rico, including hospitals, remain badly damaged and flooded, with clean drinking water hard to find in some areas. Few planes have been able to land or take off from damaged airports. The storm has also put a big strain on PREPA, the island s electricity utility, which declared bankruptcy in July after accumulating a $9 billion debt and years of underinvestment. From preliminary FEMA reports, it is estimated that 55 percent of transmission towers may be down, and that more than 90 percent of the distribution system could have been destroyed. More than 91 percent of Puerto Rico s cellphone sites are also out of service, the Federal Communications Commission said. There are more than 10,000 federal staff, including more than 700 people from FEMA, doing recovery work in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, according to FEMA. The National Weather Service warned of further flash floods in the west of the island on Monday as thunderstorms moved in. Maria would likely be downgraded from a hurricane to a tropical storm on Tuesday night, the National Hurricane Center said. As of 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT) on Monday, the center said, it was about 300 miles (480 km) south-southeast of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, heading slowly north.  The storm was unlikely to hit the continental United States directly, but the NHC said large swells were affecting the U.S. East Coast. A tropical storm warning was in effect for much of the North Carolina coast and officials issued a mandatory evacuation order for visitors to Ocracoke Island in the Outer Banks that went into effect at 5 a.m. EDT (0900 GMT) on Monday. ",1
19020,"Trump says Puerto Rico in trouble after hurricane, debt 'must be dealt with'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday Puerto Rico is in  deep trouble  after being hit by Hurricane Maria and that its billions of dollars of debt to the Wall Street and banks  must be dealt with.   Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble,  Trump wrote in a series of posts on Twitter.  It s (sic) old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with.  Trump did not offer a pathway for dealing with Puerto Rico s debt. The U.S. territory, struggling with $72 billion in debt, filed the biggest government bankruptcy in U.S. history earlier this year. Maria, the most powerful hurricane to hit Puerto Rico in nearly a century, devastated the Caribbean island when it struck the U.S. territory with ferocious winds and torrential rains last week.  Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello on Monday asked for more government aid to avert a humanitarian crisis in the island, which is home to 3.4 million people. Puerto Rico s government on Monday asked a judge for up to four extra weeks to meet key deadlines in its bankruptcy case after Hurricane Maria brought its fragile infrastructure to its knees. White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters in Washington that the administration was engaged in a fact-finding process to figure out how much help Puerto Rico needs. ",1
19021,Russian foreign ministry to meet visiting North Korean diplomat - RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s foreign ministry plans to hold talks with a representative of North Korea s foreign ministry who is due to arrive in Moscow on Tuesday, the RIA news agency cited the North s embassy to Russia as saying. ",1
19022,Official sacked after Yoda image appears on Saudi textbook,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi authorities fired a senior education official and other supervisors after a school textbook was found that included a photo-shopped image of the late King Faisal seated next to  Star Wars  movie character Yoda, Saudi media reported on Tuesday. The dismissal was also prompted by other errors in various textbooks, including history, chemistry, English language and religious education. The Education Ministry recalled textbooks with a cover photo showing Yoda seated next to King Faisal as he signed the United Nations Charter in 1945, Saudi media said. The Arabic-language Okaz daily said the education minister ended the contract of the undersecretary of the Curriculum and Educational Programs Department, Mohammed bin Attiyah al-Harthi, as well as all officials in charge of reviewing and approving the textbooks. The online newspaper sabq.org and al-Madinah Arabic daily carried similar reports on their websites. The reports appeared after Harthi rejected charges that a social science textbook contained errors. He accused critics of exploiting the mistakes to achieve fame, Okaz said. Okaz quoted Harthi as saying he would remain loyal to the kingdom despite his dismissal.  The artist who had added the Yoda image to the photo of King Faisal said he did not know how the picture had ended up on the cover of the textbook, Saudi media reported.  He said he made the picture in 2013 as part of a project intended to  build a bridge between the young generation and major historic events  by mixing popular culture in U.S. movies into historic events. ",1
19023,Russia builds bridge to move troops across Syria's Euphrates river: TV,"(Reuters) - The Russian military has built a bridge across the Euphrates river near Deir al-Zor to move troops and vehicles to the other side to support a Syrian army offensive, Russian TV reported on Tuesday, showing footage of trucks moving across the bridge. Russian TV channels reported that the military had erected the bridge under fire from Islamist militants in less than 48 hours and that it could also be used to deliver humanitarian aid and to evacuate the sick and wounded.   Up to 8,000 vehicles weighing up to 50 tonnes would be able to cross the bridge in any 24 hour period, including tanks, TV channels reported, saying the bridge was located east of Deir al-Zor. ",1
19024,China says situation on Korean peninsula very dangerous,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The situation on the Korean peninsula is at a very dangerous stage, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told counterparts from the BRICS group of nations, China s Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday. The urgent task is to prevent North Korea s nuclear and missile programs progressing and to avoid a further escalation in tensions and to especially prevent resorting to arms, Wang said, speaking in New York on the sidelines of a United Nations meeting. ",1
19025,China's fuel exports to North Korea slow further - customs,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s gasoline and diesel exports to North Korea and iron ore imports from the isolated nation fell in August as trade continued to slow after the United Nations  latest sanctions, customs data showed on Tuesday. The release comes after data on Saturday showed China s trade with North Korea jumped in August even after the U.N. sanctions, mainly driven by a rise in imports. The data also showed China imported 1.6 million tonnes of coal from North Korea, the first since February when Beijing banned purchases of the fuel from its northern neighbor. It was not immediately clear why the data showed shipments had resumed. A customs official said she would investigate the matter. Last month, the U.N. Security council unanimously imposed new sanctions on North Korea targeting its exports of coal, iron ore, lead, lead ore and seafood. The sanctions took effect this month, but China enforced the new measures from Aug. 15.   China s diesel exports to North Korea were 170 tonnes, compared with zero tonnes in August last year and gasoline shipments were 180 tonnes, down 96.3 percent from a year ago.  ",1
19026,Ramping up tensions over North Korea may have dangerous consequences - Kremlin,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Actions that lead to an escalation of tensions on the Korean peninsula are undesirable and fraught with very dangerous consequences, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday.  North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho said on Monday that U.S. President Donald Trump had declared war on North Korea and that Pyongyang reserves the right to take countermeasures, including shooting down U.S. strategic bombers even if they are not in the country s air space. ",1
19027,"Mattis seeks Indian role in Afghanistan, vows to fight militant shelters","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis held talks with Indian leaders on Tuesday, vowing to jointly stamp out militant sanctuaries and seeking India s greater involvement in helping to stabilize Afghanistan. The comments come as President Donald Trump s administration has stepped up pressure on Pakistan for more action against militant groups operating from its soil that are blamed for attacks in India and neighboring Afghanistan. Islamabad denies giving material support to the militants and instead accuses its arch-rival of trying to use Afghanistan as a base for anti-Pakistan activities.  But Mattis, the Trump administration s first cabinet official to visit India, said the two countries would work together to fight terrorism.        There can be no tolerance of terrorist safe havens,  he said in a statement.  As global leaders, India and the United States resolve to work together to eradicate this scourge.    Washington welcomed Indian efforts to promote stability in Afghanistan, he added. New Delhi has committed $3 billion in development projects in Afghanistan and trains Afghan officers in India.  But it has not sent soldiers in the international effort to restore peace.  Our engagement in Afghanistan will continue, we shall expand our engagement,  Indian Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said, following talks with Mattis.     Defence ties between India and the United States have expanded rapidly, with New Delhi buying U.S. weapons worth $15 billion over the last decade, moving away from traditional supplier Russia. Military experts say U.S. weapons transfers aim at bolstering Indian capabilities to develop a counterweight against China s growing assertiveness in recent years. Indian and U.S. negotiators are now trying to move forward with a deal to supply the Indian navy with 22 Sea Guardian drone aircraft, whose June approval by the U.S. government was the first such clearance to a non-NATO ally.  India wants the unarmed drones to help its navy lengthen the duration of its surveillance in the Indian Ocean, where Chinese naval ships and submarines make regular forays. Expanding naval cooperation with India was a top priority, Mattis said, adding that three-way exercises involving the United States, India and Japan boosted operational cooperation.  The United States has been critical of China s build-up of military facilities in the South China Sea. But New Delhi turned down a U.S. suggestion of regional joint patrols with the Indian navy, for fear of a Chinese backlash.  China looms very large for both countries,  said Dhruva Jaishankar, a specialist on India-U.S. relations at Brookings India.   The strategic underpinning of India-US defense ties is in the common concerns they have over China, over its revisionism.     The Indian air force has also asked for 90 armed Avenger Predator drones that experts say could be deployed for cross-border strikes, such as targeting militant camps India says exist on Pakistan s side of disputed Kashmir.  Such a sale would need White House and Congress approval, sources said. But Pakistan and, possibly, China could see the move as destabilizing.  Dronemaker General Atomics is pleased the Indian government has won approval for the surveillance version of the drone, said Vivek Lall, its chief executive for U.S. and international strategic development.  Not only will this platform enhance India s capabilities in the areas of maritime domain awareness and security, but the interoperability with one of the U.S. s most important strategic partners will contribute to security across the region.   The two sides will also discuss Lockheed Martin s (LMT.N) offer to build F-16 fighter planes in India as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi s drive to build a domestic military industrial base.  We look forward to sharing some of our most advanced defense technologies,  Mattis said.  Sweden s Saab (SAABb.ST) is the other contender for the deal to supply at least 100 single-engine combat planes. ",1
19028,"Turkey's Erdogan says military, economic options on table over Iraqi Kurdish referendum","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday all options, from economic to air and land military measures, were on the table in response to the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum held in northern Iraq on Monday. In a speech made at the presidential palace, Erdogan said Turkey would not hesitate to use the means at its disposal if the road to peace is blocked, adding he hoped the Kurdistan Regional Government would come to its senses. ",1
19029,China's Xi says will support Interpol raising its profile,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China will support Interpol, raising the profile and leadership of the global police cooperation agency, Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Tuesday at the opening of Interpol s general assembly in Beijing, state media reported. Last year, Interpol elected a senior Chinese public security official, Vice Public Security Minister Meng Hongwei, as its president, prompting rights groups to ask whether Beijing could try and use the position to go after dissidents abroad. Xi said China s stability was just as much its contribution to the world as its economic development, and that it firmly supported the international struggle against terrorism.  China highly commends Interpol s efforts to protect the world s security and stability, and will continue to support Interpol to play an even more important role in global security governance,  the official Xinhua news agency cited Xi as saying. Beijing has tried for many years to enlist the help of foreign countries to arrest and deport back to China suspected wanted for crimes including corruption and terrorism Such requests have met resistance, particularly from Western countries where there have been concerns over whether evidence submitted by China met acceptable standards for Western courts. There were also worries that suspects might be mistreated and would not get a fair trial in China, and that allegations could  be politically motivated. In cross-border law-enforcement cooperation, Xi said, the laws of each country must be respected equally without  double standards .  China s Public Security Minister, Guo Shengkun, told the assembly that China hoped to use international police cooperation to strengthen its defense against the threat of militants returning from abroad to join groups like the East Turkistan Islamic Movement. Rights groups have criticized China for misusing Interpol s  red notice  system to target exiled Uighurs from Xinjiang, accusing them of terrorism, including Dolkun Isa, the general secretary of the Munich-based World Uyghur Congress. Interpol Secretary-General Juergen Stock, a German national, said the organization had  significantly increased  vetting of  red notice requests from all 190 member countries and last year  99 per cent  complied with Interpol s internal regulations. Stock reiterated that red notices were not international arrest warrants but rather an  alert system  that enabled member countries to decide whether to take action  on the basis of their own legal assessment and situation . ",1
19030,"Putin, Merkel hold phone call after German polls: Kremlin","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin has spoken over the phone to German Chancellor Angela Merkel, congratulating her on the victory by a loyal bloc of parties in Germany s parliamentary polls, the Kremlin said in a statement on Tuesday.  Both of them underlined their readiness to continue the  mutually advantageous  cooperation between Russia and Germany, the statement said.  ",1
19031,Iraqi soldiers join Turkish exercises near shared border: witness,"HABUR, Turkey (Reuters) - Iraqi soldiers joined Turkish troops for military exercises in southeast Turkey near the border with Iraq on Tuesday, a Reuters witness said, as the two countries coordinate steps in response to the Iraqi Kurdish independence referendum. A small group of soldiers holding aloft an Iraqi and a Turkish flag walked across the dusty plain where the exercises, launched last week, were being held some 4 km (2.5 miles) from the Habur border gate, the witness said. The flags were then held aloft from the top of an armored personnel carrier. National and international media observed the exercises from the main highway leading to the border gate. Kurds voted in large numbers in an independence referendum in northern Iraq on Monday, ignoring pressure from Baghdad, threats from Turkey and Iran, and international warnings that the vote may ignite yet more regional conflict. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan has threatened to cut off the pipeline that carries oil from northern Iraq to the outside world, intensifying pressure on the Kurdish autonomous region over the referendum. ",1
19032,U.S. keeps up diplomatic efforts to deal with North Korea crisis,"NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Diplomatic efforts to tackle the crisis caused by North Korea s nuclear and missile buildup are continuing, U. S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday.  Mattis, who is on a two-day official visit to the Indian capital to strengthen military ties said pressure on North Korea had increased following a United Nations resolution.   We continue to maintain the diplomatically led efforts in the United Nations,  he told reporters.  You have seen unanimous U.N. security council resolutions passed that have increased the pressure...on the North and at the same time we maintain the capability to deter North Korea s most dangerous threats,  he added. ",1
19033,Merkel strikes reserved tone ahead of Macron's Europe speech,"BERLIN/PARIS (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel struck a note of caution with respect to French calls for deeper European integration on Monday, a day before French President Emmanuel Macron lays out his plans for ambitious European reforms.  At a news conference after a German election that has forced her to consider a new coalition with the liberal Free Democrats (FDP), a party critical of Macron s ideas on Europe, Merkel said her conservative CDU/CSU bloc would support sensible measures but also wanted to see countries become more competitive.  I m not going to rule out anything or set red lines,  she said when asked how much scope she still had to compromise with Paris following the election results.   The union (her conservatives) will support what makes sense. My view is that we can use more Europe, but this has to lead to more competitiveness, more jobs and more clout for the European Union.  Her reserved tone may unsettle Macron, 39, who since his own election victory in May has spoken of working with Merkel, 63, on a fundamental overhaul of the EU, including the possibility of creating a eurozone budget, a eurozone finance minister and a preemptive fund to help countries in trouble. Macron will set out his vision in a speech at the Sorbonne University in Paris on Tuesday. Elysee officials said Macron would push ahead with the idea of a eurozone budget despite stiff opposition from Germany s fiscally conservative FDP. One Elysee official said that since a eurozone budget would  be necessary in due course , Macron felt it worthwhile to broach the issue, which he hoped would be taken into consideration during Germany s coalition negotiations. In Berlin, Merkel alluded to Macron s speech, saying it was important to move beyond  slogans  such as eurozone budget and eurozone finance minister, and to focus on details.  It is not about the slogans but what lies behind them,  she said.  I am talking about this with the French president.  Merkel has sent conciliatory signals to Macron since his election, when he ran on a pledge to  relaunch  Europe together with Berlin. But Sunday s election result means her room for maneuver is likely to be curtailed, depending on what agreement is reached with her eventual coalition partners. Merkel s conservatives remain the biggest bloc in the new Bundestag, or lower house, but will end up with fewer seats after suffering a decline in support. She is expected to seek a coalition with the FDP and the Greens. Such a coalition, unprecedented at the national level, is likely to face opposition in the Bundestag when it comes to any major EU reform ideas. The FDP has called for a phasing out of Europe s ESM bailout fund and changes to EU treaties that would allow countries to leave the euro zone. And the far-right, eurosceptic Alternative for Germany is now the third biggest party in the Bundestag, further curbing Merkel s room for maneuver. It may take months before a coalition agreement is signed. But once it is, its contours are strict, effectively setting limits on the chancellor s ability to act. Merkel said Europe would play a role in the coalition negotiations and that it would be important to sound out the FDP. FDP leader Christian Lindner said he would not agree to any coalition that did not promise a change in the German government s direction.  While that appeared to set the stage for tough talks, he also offered some hope for Macron, saying when asked about the French president s eurozone budget ideas that the FDP had a  strong interest  in the strength of France. Elysee officials noted that the FDP had reaffirmed its attachment to the EU and strong Franco-German relations, a point Macron was likely to emphasize in his speech. Macron, the sources said, would propose that the whole EU move forward together, and that those who did not want to do so should not stand in the way of those that did. ",1
19034,Russian foreign ministry 'working behind scenes' to resolve North Korea crisis: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A conflict on the Korean peninsula would have  catastrophic consequences , and Russia s foreign ministry is working  behind the scenes  on finding a political solution to the North Korea crisis, the RIA news agency cited a senior Russian diplomat as saying on Tuesday. Cited by RIA, Mikhail Ulyanov, the head of the non-proliferation and arms controls department at Russia s foreign ministry, also said the U.S. approach to North Korea was a dead end and the tool of sanctions against the North had almost been exhausted. North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho said on Monday that U.S. President Donald Trump had declared war on North Korea and that Pyongyang reserves the right to take countermeasures, including shooting down U.S. strategic bombers even if they are not in the country s air space.     ",1
19035,"Mattis says no tolerance for terrorist sanctuaries, will work with India","NEW DELHI (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday there can be no tolerance for terrorist safe havens and pledged to work together with India to end the scourge. Mattis was speaking after talks with Indian leaders aimed at deepening military ties. India has long accused Pakistan of harboring militants on its soil.  There can be no tolerance of terrorist safe havens. As global leaders, India and the United States resolve to work together to eradicate this scourge,  he said in a statement.  He also said Washington welcomed Indian efforts to help stabilize the situation in Afghanistan.  ",1
19036,Russia denies it killed civilians in air strikes on Syria's Idlib,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Defense Ministry on Tuesday denied allegations that its air strikes had killed civilians in Syria s Idlib province, saying that in recent days it had only bombed Islamist militant fighters in the area. Moscow said it was responding to assertions from the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which on Monday said six civilians had been killed in the province, including a woman and a child.  Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu criticized Moscow on Monday for the same reason, saying that recent Russian bombing in Idlib had killed civilians and moderate rebels and that this would be discussed with Russian President Vladimir Putin when he visited Turkey this week. Putin is expected to meet his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan in Ankara on Thursday for talks on Syria. Major-General Igor Konashenkov of the Russian Defense Ministry said in a statement that the Russian and Syrian air forces did not bomb residential areas and accused the observatory of making up allegations and of sympathizing with radical Islamist militants.  In the last few days, after drone reconnaissance and confirmation via other channels, Russian planes struck 10 terrorist targets in Idlib Province,  Konashenkov said.   These were militant bases, ammunition stores, armored vehicles, rocket systems, and workshops fitting out  jihad jeeps  which were located a long way from residential areas,  he said. Konashenkov said Russia had data to confirm the accuracy of its attacks and the ministry on Tuesday published video of the strikes on Idlib to back its assertions that it had only bombed militant targets. The targets struck had taken part in a militant offensive on Sept. 18 which had surrounded 29 Russian military policemen who then had to be broken out in an operation backed by air power, he added. ",1
19037,Damascus says Syrian Kurdish autonomy negotiable: report,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian government is open to negotiations with Kurds over their demand for autonomy within Syria s borders, the foreign minister has said, striking a conciliatory tone as military tensions worsen between the sides in eastern Syria. Walid al-Moualem said the government could discuss the Kurdish demand once Islamic State is defeated, state news agency SANA reported, citing an interview with Russia Today.  This topic is open to negotiation and discussion and when we are done eliminating Daesh (Islamic State), we can sit with our Kurdish sons and reach an understanding on a formula for the future,  Moualem said. The Syrian Kurdish YPG militia controls a swathe of northern Syria where the main Kurdish party, the PYD, and its allies have established autonomy since the start of the Syrian war in 2011. Syrian Kurds say their aim is to preserve that autonomy as part of a decentralized Syria, and they do not aim to follow the path of Kurds in Iraq who held an independence referendum on Monday. Moualem reiterated his government s rejection of that referendum, saying Damascus supported Iraqi unity, but he noted that Syria s Kurds  want a form of autonomy within the borders of the Syrian Arab Republic . Kurdish-led authorities in northern Syria held elections last week to choose local community leaders, the first stage of a three-phase process that will culminate in January with the election of a parliament. The YPG has been a major partner for the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State in eastern and northern Syria, fighting as part of the Syrian Democratic Forces alliance (SDF). While the YPG and Damascus have mostly avoided confrontation, tensions have flared as the U.S.-backed SDF and the Russian-backed Syrian army wage separate campaigns against Islamic State in Deir al-Zor province. The SDF accused the Syrian government and its Russian ally of striking its fighters on Monday, something Moscow denied. Earlier this year, Moualem characterized the Syrian Kurdish battle against Islamic State as legitimate and suggested an accommodation could be reached with the Syrian Kurds. President Bashar al-Assad has vowed to take back the whole of Syria. ",1
