id,title,text,label
11022,"Obama likely to discuss TPP, Puerto Rico with Republican leaders: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama is likely to discuss a range of issues from international trade to Puerto Rico’s fiscal crisis when he meets with House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said.  Speaking to reporters at a press briefing on Monday, Earnest said the leaders will probably discuss the Trans-Pacific Partnership, earned income tax credit, and heroin addiction problem. He added that Obama and Ryan will meet privately for lunch at the White House following the meeting.   ",1
11023,House Republicans to push Puerto Rico bill by end of March,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republicans plan to bring a bill addressing Puerto Rico’s debt crisis to the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives by the end of March, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said on Monday. McCarthy, speaking to reporters at a press briefing, offered no details on the content of the planned legislation. He said two House committees will be in charge of developing legislation, adding that one of them is looking at a “control panel” to help the Caribbean island U.S. territory out of its debt problems. The U.S. Treasury Department has called on Congress to create a fiscal control board for Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla has said his administration would seek to ensure that any such board would respect the island’s autonomy. “Chapter 9” bankruptcy for municipalities also has been discussed, McCarthy said. Last year, House Speaker Paul Ryan said he wanted the Republican-led House to come up with a response to Puerto Rico’s fiscal crisis during the first quarter of 2016.  “It’s our intention to meet that deadline to get a bill ... on the floor, before the end of the first quarter,” McCarthy said.  Separately on Monday, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Ryan was likely to discuss Puerto Rico’s crisis during Tuesday’s scheduled meeting at the White House with President Barack Obama and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. ",1
11024,Obama to seek $755 million for cancer 'moonshot': White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will ask Congress for $755 million in his budget next week to jumpstart cancer research in a “moonshot” push to find cancer cures and treatments, the White House said on Monday. Vice President Joe Biden, whose son Beau died from brain cancer last year, is leading a push to bring together private and public researchers to accelerate their work on cancer, which will kill an estimated 600,000 Americans this year. “With something as big of cancer, we have to think big. We need a new model,” a senior administration official told reporters on a conference call. Obama and Biden are slated to meet with cabinet members and health officials at the White House on Monday to discuss the path forward. The push will begin this year with $195 million in new cancer work at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). Congress already approved that funding at the end of last year as part of a budget deal. Obama also will ask for $755 million in new, mandatory multi-year spending, mainly for the NIH. The money would be spent on developing vaccines, genomic analysis, early cancer detection tests, and cancer immunotherapy and combination therapy research. Rare pediatric cancers will be a specific focus, the White House said.  The Food and Drug Administration would receive $75 million under the plan, which would need approval from Congress. The money would be spent on a new “virtual” Oncology Center of Excellence, and on data sharing initiatives. The proposal will include a new “Vice President’s Exceptional Opportunities in Cancer Research Fund” to provide “flexible” competitive funding for high-risk, high-return research, and partnerships with industry and philanthropic groups, the White House said. More details on that fund will be released in coming weeks. The administration will also ask for additional funding for the Pentagon and Veterans Affairs for “centers of excellence” on specific cancers, the White House said. ",1
11025,The frequent-flyer U.S. Congress: lawmakers work less in DC,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Anyone seeking a table at Carmine’s Italian restaurant near Capitol Hill on a Tuesday or Wednesday needs to battle a mid-week crush of Congress members and their staff. But Mondays are far quieter — just like the floor of Congress. There are usually around nine events on a Monday, compared to as many as 30 on a midweek day, says Kelly Fitzgerald, Carmine’s director of special events and catering.  The mid-week crunch at Carmine’s underscores a trend: members of the U.S. Congress have been spending fewer days working in Washington since the late 2000s, according to a Reuters review of congressional records going back 18 years. Lawmakers increasingly try to cram their legislative work into the middle of the week in Washington and then rush back home. Their absence from the capital reinforces the effects of a deepening partisan divide in recent years that has led to high-profile deadlocks over legislation previously seen as routine, according to some former lawmakers and political analysts. Under pressure to spend more time in their home constituencies, often fund-raising for campaigns, members have less time to attend debates and mingle with other lawmakers.  “In any work setting, if you don’t know your colleagues, it makes it much more difficult to get things done,” said Dan Glickman, who was a Democratic House member from Kansas for 18 years until the mid-1990s and recalls more working days and fuller debates than the current Congress. “...It makes it more difficult to build relationships,” said Glickman, who was U.S. secretary of agriculture after Congress.  He was a member of the Bipartisan Policy Center’s Commission on Political Reform, which recommended in 2014 that Congress be in session conducting legislative business for 180 to 200 days a year. (Graphic on congressional working days: tmsnrt.rs/1VsssoZ) In 2015, the first year of a two-year Congress, the House of Representatives put in 130 working days, the Reuters review found. Compared with the first years of recent Congresses, that number has declined steadily since 2007, when the House worked 153 days — the high since 1998. House members typically meet more often in the first year of a Congress because in the second year they have to run for reelection. This year, an election year, the House calendar foresees 111 working days in Washington, in line with the total in recent election years.   The House cancelled its entire schedule last week after a snowstorm hit the East Coast. The Senate’s annual working days have not risen above 156 since reaching a peak of 188 in 2009. The decline in working days in recent years has coincided with a slide in Americans’ approval rating for the legislature as the reputation of a “do-nothing” Congress has taken hold. Since fiscal 1997, Congress has failed every year to enact on time all of the government appropriations bills needed for a full federal budget, the Congressional Research Service said. More recently, polarized lawmakers often have been unable to find middle ground on pressing issues such as immigration, tax reform and gun safety. As of the end of 2014, about 75 percent of major issues were in deadlock, according to a calculation by Sarah Binder of the Brookings Institution think tank. MID-WEEK SQUEEZE To be sure, members of the House and the Senate, who are paid $174,000 a year, do important work outside of Washington. They meet with constituents in their home districts and raise campaign money by appearing and speaking at events. Representative Ryan Zinke, a freshman Republican and former U.S. Navy Seal, said Congress could use more “team-building” activities, but he has not felt the need for more days in legislative session. Zinke is the only House member representing the large, sparsely populated state of Montana, and says he needs lots of travel time just to see his constituents. “Last week I think I put on about 2,500 miles (4,000 km) traveling around Montana, and I saw about a third of the state,” he said. Staying in legislative session more does not necessarily equate to getting more work done, said Don Stewart, spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican.  “It’s a matter of what you do with the time you are here, not just the total time you are here,” he said. The Republican-led Congress had a relatively productive year in 2015, fixing a funding formula for Medicare doctors, passing a highway bill and approving fast-track authority for trade deals. In 2011 and 2013, the total number of bills passed by Congress dipped below triple figures to 90 and 72 respectively. Last year’s Congress managed to enact 113. Many bills are minor, however, so the total number does not necessarily correspond to productivity. “PRO-FORMA” SESSIONS The recent decline in overall working days does not tell the whole story. There has also been a rise in so-called “pro-forma” days when lawmakers go into session sometimes for just a few minutes or even seconds, for procedural reasons. They are formally counted as sessions of the House and Senate, but Reuters did not include them in its tally.  Last year the House had 27 pro-forma days, none of which lasted more than seven minutes, the Reuters review found. In each of the last five years the House had more pro-forma days than in previous Congresses going back to 2002. Those days are usually scheduled for Monday or Friday, enabling lawmakers to fly in and out of Washington without missing mid-week votes.  The typical House member returns to their district 40 or more times a year, said Brad Fitch of Congressional Management Foundation, a nonprofit that advises lawmakers on managing their offices. It did a study showing that in 2013, the average House freshman spent $53,170 of taxpayer money on travel. These days, fewer lawmakers move their families to the capital to live, said John Fortier, director of the Democracy Project at the Bipartisan Policy Center, a Washington think tank. Paul Ryan, the Wisconsin Republican who has been Speaker of the House since October, sleeps on a cot in his Washington office during the congressional work-week and flies home to his family in Wisconsin on the weekend. Vin Weber, who was a Republican congressman from Minnesota in the 1980s and 1990s, said that in the attempt to juggle all the demands they face at home and in Washington, today’s lawmakers have set themselves an impossible schedule. “They are on planes constantly, back and forth, all the time,” he said. “There’s no rationality to it at all.” The rising cost of election campaigns mean lawmakers have to devote more time to fund-raising outside Washington, said Glickman, now a senior fellow at the Bipartisan Policy Center. As a congressman, Glickman said, he often went to the House floor just to listen to the debate.  “If I did that now, I would be guilty of malpractice,” he said. “You need to be either in committee doing your work or raising money.” (This story has been refiled to correct this week to last week in paragraph 11)     ",1
11026,Outside campaign groups lag U.S. presidential candidates in spending,"DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - In 2015, it wasn’t the new breed of political groups that can raise as much as billionaires will give them that spent the most on the U.S. presidential race. Rather, it was candidates’ campaign organizations, with strict fundraising caps, that led the way, Federal Election Commission filings released on Sunday showed.  Official campaigns, which can accept donations of only up to $2,700 from individuals for the primary races, spent $322 million in 2015, the filings showed. By contrast, Super PACs, which came into being after a controversial Supreme Court ruling in 2010 and can raise and spend unlimited amounts, spent under $200 million on the effort to elect the next president. Super PACs usually spend heavily on political advertising, but are barred from sharing strategy plans or even schedules with the candidates they support. Much of the money raised by official campaigns has to fund travel and accommodation costs, but they also spent heavily on advertising in 2015, perhaps in part because they are generally entitled to much cheaper television rates. Among the presidential candidates, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders, a Democrat from Vermont, spent at least $10 million on advertising in the last three months of the year. His rival, former secretary of state Hillary Clinton, spent at least $8 million. On the Republican side, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio spent the most on television ads, at $8 million, followed by retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson at $3 million. Even when it comes to fundraising, campaigns are leading the way, bringing in $449 million in 2015 against $341 million for the Super PACs. Whether this pattern will hold in 2016 is unclear. Super PACs had $158 million in hand to spend in the coming months, while the campaigns collectively had $128 million.   (Editing by Kevin Liffey) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11027,Former Trump campaign staffer files discrimination complaint: NYT,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A 26-year-old former campaign staffer for Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has accused the campaign of sex discrimination, the New York Times reported on Sunday. Elizabeth Mae Davidson, who worked as an organizer in Iowa for the New York businessman, filed a complaint with the Davenport, Iowa, Civil Rights Commission, claiming female staffers were paid less than male staffers, according to the report. She claimed her requests to plan and speak at Trump’s campaign rallies were ignored while her male peers were allowed to do so, it said. Davidson also claimed that Trump had addressed her and a young female volunteer with a remark that referred to the women’s appearances, saying “you guys could do a lot of damage,” the Times report said. According to the Times, Trump, in an interview on Sunday, denied having made the remark to the two women. He did not address the other two allegations, the Times said, and he said he did not remember Davidson but had been told she had done “a terrible job” while working on the campaign. Davidson, who was fired on Jan. 14, and her lawyer Dorothy O’Brien did not respond to requests for comment.  Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Trump, said the campaign had not been notified that a complaint had been filed.  “These claims from a disgruntled former part-time employee are without merit,” Hicks said. “She is in violation of her contract and continues to disparage the campaign with falsehoods, which, in addition to doing a terrible job, is why she was terminated weeks ago.”  (Reporting By Emily Flitter; Editing by Dan Grebler) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11028,"Clinton's 'girl power' push wins over women in their 30s, not 20s","DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - If Hillary Clinton pulls off a victory in her close race for the Democratic presidential nomination with Bernie Sanders, she will have women like Joan Pinnell to thank. Pinnell, a 32-year-old Chicagoan and former volunteer for Barack Obama’s 2008 campaign, has been knocking on doors in Iowa in support of Clinton, Obama’s Democratic former rival. Her dedication stems in part from the desire for a president who can “personally understand the struggle that it is to be female” – a factor that was far less important to her back in 2008 when she was in her mid-20s. “I get annoyed when I hear women say ‘it doesn’t matter at all,’” Pinnell says of the gender issue. “It matters.” With Iowans ready to cast the first votes of the 2016 presidential race on Monday, polls show Sanders and Clinton locked in a statistical dead heat in the state, although she leads the U.S. senator from Vermont in national polls. The enthusiasm that Sanders has sparked with college students and those just out of college – including young women – has generated buzz around his campaign. What has gotten far less attention, however, is the split that exists between women in their late teens and early 20s and their cohorts in their 30s.  Though Democratic women aged 18 to 29 say they prefer Sanders to Clinton 57 to 24 percent, those aged 30 to 39, like Pinnell, prefer Clinton to Sanders 45 to 28 percent, according to a Reuters/Ipsos tracking poll of 3,466 respondents taken from Jan. 1 to Jan. 26. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/20bI5ry) In interviews with women voters aged 30 to 39 nationally, many said that in 2008 they had been drawn to Obama’s idealistic message of “hope” and “change,” but this time around they say they value the experience of Clinton, a former first lady, senator and secretary of state. After navigating their first apartments, careers, moves, marriages and children, these women also said they like Clinton’s emphasis on issues such as reproductive health and equal pay for women. Still, Sanders’ fiery rhetoric and liberal agenda are drawing support from young women like Abigail Gill, 19, a student at Keene State College in New Hampshire, who say gender does not matter. “To vote for Hillary just because she is a woman is just as bad as not,” Gill said. Clinton played down her gender in 2008 but this time around urges voters not to miss the chance to make history by electing the first woman president. She has worked hard to court women “Millennials” – the generation born beginning in the early 1980s.  She taped an episode of “Broad City,” a sometimes raunchy comedy about two twenty-something women living in New York City and has created a “girl power” music playlist. She makes a point of calling on young women at town hall events and takes countless “selfies” with them. Clinton’s senior aide and protégé, Huma Abedin, 39, headlined a New York City networking event for women. Clinton’s daughter, Chelsea, 35, has hosted a fundraiser at the trendy workout spot SoulCycle. Kellie Lewis, 36, brought her 19-month-old daughter and 5-month-old son to hear Clinton speak at a bowling alley in Adel, Iowa last week. Lewis said she is eager to help make history by supporting Clinton. “I feel like we’ve had men looking at government for so long, a new perspective is exactly what is needed to get a more equal society,” Lewis said. But Erin Batchelder, a junior at Smith College in Massachusetts, is conflicted. She says she’d like to see “one of my own” in the Oval Office but is drawn to Sanders, a self-described democratic socialist whose message centers on fighting income inequality and the excesses of Wall Street.  Batchelder plans to vote for Sanders but her best friend, also a Smith student, recently switched from backing Sanders to supporting Clinton. “That’s what I’m grappling with right now, especially with my best friend making that shift, a lot of women at Smith are making that shift,” Batchelder said.  (Editing by Caren Bohan and Mary Milliken) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11029,"Sanders, citing email controversy, questions Clinton's electability","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on Sunday took a jab at rival Hillary Clinton’s electability, pointing to the controversy surrounding her use of a private email server as evidence of potential damage to the front-runner’s campaign. “In terms of what people are going to get slapped with, look at the front pages today in terms of what Secretary Clinton is getting slapped with,” Sanders said on ABC’s “This Week,” referring to Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state. “There is a legal process underway right now,” he said. “And I’m not going to politicize that issue.”   Sanders, a senator from Vermont, had previously refrained from invoking the controversy over Clinton’s controversial use of a private email account on a private server. In an early Democratic presidential debate, he declared that the American people were “sick and tired” of hearing about it. But the issue has taken on new urgency in recent days as the two fight in an increasingly tight battle for the party’s nomination. On Friday, the U.S. State Department announced they would withhold seven private email chains from Clinton’s server, saying they contain top-secret information.  Throughout the dispute, Clinton has maintained that she did nothing wrong in conducting State Department business outside of an official server, arguing that it was permitted and that there was precedent for the practice.  When asked on Sunday whether she thought the call to withhold the email exchanges was political, Clinton shied away from outwardly accusing anyone but questioned the timing of the decision, which came just before Monday’s first-in-the-nation nominating contest in Iowa. “I just have to point out that the timing and some of the leaks that have led up to it are concerning,” Clinton said on ABC’s “This Week.”  “The best way to resolve is to do what I asked months ago, release these, let the public see them and let’s move on,” she added.  In Iowa, Sanders and Clinton are locked in a statistical dead heat, with Clinton earning 45 percent support of likely caucus-goers compared with 42 percent for Sanders, according to a Des Moines Register/Bloomberg politics. Nationwide, Clinton leads Sanders with 51 percent support to 40 percent, according to a Jan. 27 Reuters/Ipsos poll.  (Reporting by Alana Wise; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11030,Factbox: 2016 presidential candidates on social media,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The 2016 contenders for the White House have used social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook as campaign tools to an extent not seen previously in U.S. presidential politics. But usage and tactics vary widely across the campaigns of the 11 top Republicans and three top Democrats in the race. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/1UvTsE2) Following are some key social media usage and engagement statistics on the major candidates’ campaigns. Social media data were gathered on Republicans Donald Trump; Ben Carson; Marco Rubio; Ted Cruz; Jeb Bush; John Kasich; Chris Christie; Carly Fiorina; Rand Paul; Mike Huckabee; and Rick Santorum; and on Democrats Hillary Clinton; Bernie Sanders; and Martin O’Malley.     The 2016 presidential candidates with the most followers, in order:     1. Donald Trump (@realDonaldTrump)     2. Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton)     3. Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders)     4. Ben Carson (@RealBenCarson) 5. Marco Rubio (@marcorubio)     Chris Christie (@ChrisChristie) has the fewest followers, followed by John Kasich (@JohnKasich) and Jeb Bush (@JebBush).     The 2016 presidential candidates who follow the most accounts, in order:     1. Ted Cruz     2. John Kasich     3. Marco Rubio     4. Bernie Sanders     5. Hillary Clinton     Donald Trump is following the fewest accounts, followed by Ben Carson and Chris Christie.      Presidential candidates with the most tweets (including retweets), in order:     1. Donald Trump     2. Ted Cruz     3. Mike Bloomberg     4. John Kasich     5. Bernie Sanders     Ben Carson has tweeted the least, followed by Chris Christie and Jeb Bush.     Presidential candidates whose campaign profiles have been on Twitter the longest, in order:     1. Marco Rubio     2. John Kasich 3. Mike Huckabee 4. Martin O’Malley     5. Donald Trump     Hillary Clinton was the last candidate to create a Twitter profile for her 2016 presidential bid, and the campaigns of Chris Christie and Ben Carson joined just months prior to the Democratic presidential front-runner. Presidential candidates with the most “likes” on Facebook, in order: 1. Donald Trump (5,500,909 “likes” and counting) 2. Ben Carson (5,053,021 “likes” and counting) 3. Bernie Sanders (2,497,947 “likes” and counting) 4. Hillary Clinton (2,316,417 “likes” and counting) 5. Rand Paul (2,106,854 “likes” and counting) The following 2016 presidential candidates have accounts on Snapchat, a social media platform favored by millennials:     1. Bernie Sanders (@bernie.sanders)     2. Hillary Clinton (@hillaryclinton)     3. Chris Christie (@christie.2016)     4. Ben Carson (@drbencarson)     5. Jeb Bush (@jebbush)     6. Ted Cruz (@cruz4president)     7. John Kasich (@johnkasich)     8. Marco Rubio (@marcorubio)     9. Carly Fiorina (@carlyfiorina16)    10. Martin O’Malley (@governoromalley)    11. Rand Paul (@senatorrandpaul) Donald Trump, Rick Santorum and Mike Huckabee do not have Snapchat accounts, according to a Snapchat representative. Among all millennials who are likely to vote in the 2016 presidential election, about one-third (34 percent) use Snapchat and nearly two-thirds (63 percent) of millennial Snapchat users are following the campaign closely, the representative said. The Sanders, Cruz, Kasich, and Paul campaigns have all sponsored Snapchat video or geofilter ads.  ",1
11031,"Retired general, ex-CIA chief David Petraeus to receive no further punishment","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter has decided not to impose further punishment on David Petraeus, a former U.S. military commander and CIA director who admitted sharing classified information with his mistress, according to a letter seen by Reuters. The short letter was sent by Stephen Hedger, the assistant secretary of defense for legislative affairs, and the decision is in line with an Army review. Petraeus resigned as head of the CIA in 2012 after it was revealed that he was having an affair with his biographer, Army Reserve officer Paula Broadwell. When he pleaded guilty to mishandling classified information, a court document signed by Petraeus and prosecutors said that in 2011, Petraeus illegally gave Broadwell access to official binders. In April, the retired four-star general was sentenced to two years of probation and fined $100,000 but was spared prison time after pleading guilty to mishandling classified information. The Pentagon could have sought to further reprimand Petraeus under military law. Hedger’s letter was addressed to Senate Armed Service Committee Chairman Senator John McCain and Senator Jack Reed, who had recently asked Carter not to take further action. The Pentagon declined to comment on the letter. Petraeus, a counter-insurgency expert with a Princeton University doctorate, served as the top U.S. commander in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and was once considered a possible vice presidential or presidential candidate. Known as “black books,” the binders that Petraeus shared with Broadwell contained classified information including identities of covert officers, code word information, war strategy, intelligence capabilities, diplomatic talks and information from high-level White House National Security Council meetings, according to court records. Petraeus now serves as chairman of the private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts’ captive economic and geopolitical think tank, the KKR Global Institute, according to its website. ",1
11032,America's angry voters divvied up by Trump and Sanders: poll,"IOWA CITY, Iowa/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The 2016 election is shaping up to be the year of angry voters, the disgruntled Americans shaking up the establishment by fueling the presidential campaigns of two very different candidates - billionaire businessman Donald Trump and self-declared socialist Bernie Sanders.  Some 73 percent of voters likely to head to the polls in November’s election say they think the United States is on the wrong track, and these disaffected people make up a majority of the support bases for both Republican candidate Trump and Democratic hopeful Sanders - 87 percent and 54 percent, respectively, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll. Both candidates were seen as long shots against brand name rivals like Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton a few months ago, but have seen their popularity surge as the election race starts in earnest with the Iowa caucuses on Feb. 1. They are likely to do well in Iowa, but even if they lose, the fervor they’ve whipped up has upended the race and maybe even American politics. So who are the angry Americans? They deviate from the population in key ways: they are whiter, poorer and less educated. They are less likely to support a candidate who has been involved in politics. And regardless of party, they have deep distrust for Clinton after her more than two decades in the public eye. Where the camps differ is in identifying the root of America’s ills, with supporters of Sanders pointing to income inequality and health care as the top problems, and those backing Trump putting the blame on immigrants and foreign terrorists, according to the poll. Pundits have been quick to define the economy as the source of the voter anger feeding the Trump and Sanders campaigns. In a post-recession world, the middle class still struggles with stagnant wages and a weak job market. But a close look at the polls, and interviews with prospective voters, show concerns go well beyond economic indicators. Here in Iowa, the December jobs report issued Tuesday found just 3.4 percent unemployment – far below the national average and still on the decline. “Now Hiring” signs are ubiquitous across the state. Asked to select the top issue for the next president in the first 100 days of the new administration, 24 percent of voters nationwide who said the country was on the wrong track picked immigration - making it the most popular choice by that group.  Only 10 percent of those who think the nation is on the right track selected immigration, making it the fifth most popular choice for that group, according to the poll.  “Wrong track” voters were also more likely to say terrorism and the economy were concerns. Trump has built his campaign on an immigration platform that includes building a wall and deporting millions of undocumented immigrants. And his insistence that he could negotiate better trade deals provides a strong appeal to those concerned about disappearing jobs in a global economy. On Tuesday night in Iowa City, Trump’s rally drew both supporters and opponents. Eight times the event was interrupted by protesters, who were forced out of the packed gymnasium and heckled by the raucous crowd.  Jim Schmidt, 48, of Johnson County, Iowa, was among the angry. His 11-year-old son wore a button proclaiming “Bomb the shit out of ISIS. The child watched as protesters were ejected from the event, cheering and waving his hand in support. “I’m angry but I love it and enjoy it,” Schmidt said afterward. He’s backing Trump for his business experience and ability to bring about change.  Where Trump’s angry voters have been on display at rallies, the intensity around Sanders has manifested itself online - dominating message boards and comment sections. A liberal radio host in Oregon, Carl Wolfson, announced last month he was ending his show in part because of the vitriol coming from Sanders supporters. His Facebook post on the topic was then inundated with angry responses. Sanders is resonating among angry voters by focusing on income inequality, and promising to deliver universal health care and free college education. Meghan Metier, 22, of Iowa City said the Affordable Care Act - President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare reform - has allowed some of her friends to access Medicaid. But to keep it, she added, they have to be certain their income doesn’t exceed the poverty level, so they stay barely employed. For her the system is broken and Sanders is the only candidate who appears ready to fix it. “He’s a more reliable progressive,” she said, comparing him to Clinton.  (Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Mary Milliken) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11033,Iowa kicks off 2016 U.S. presidential race with caucus tradition ,"DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - The long and sometimes arcane ritual of electing the next U.S. president begins on Monday in more than 1,100 schools, churches and libraries across Iowa, a state that wields political influence far greater than its small size. After more than a year of up-close and personal evaluation of the candidates, Iowans will gather with their neighbors on what promises to be a cold wintry night to kick off the state-by-state process of picking the Republican and Democratic nominees for the Nov. 8 presidential election. The starring opening-night role of the largely rural Midwestern state in the presidential drama, now four decades old, is a source of pride for Iowa voters, who spend months evaluating the candidates, looking them in the eye and asking questions. “Iowans see it as a great privilege and a great gift. They take their role very seriously,” said Tom Henderson, chairman of the Democratic Party in Polk County, home to Iowa’s biggest city, Des Moines. The caucuses will begin on Monday at 7 p.m. CST, and results are expected within two or three hours. Most gatherings will be in schools, community centers or other public locations, although at least two Republican caucuses will be in private homes and one Democratic caucus will be held at an equestrian center. Turnout varies by community, with up to 1,000 people typically gathering in cities like Des Moines, while a few dozen or less may gather in more sparsely populated areas. The state Republican and Democratic parties run their caucuses separately, although in some areas they hold them in different parts of the same building. Republicans will have more than 800 caucus sites, and Democrats will have about 1,100. The two parties also have different rules. Iowa Democrats gather in groups by candidate preference in a public display of support, a tradition that can allow for shifts back and forth. If a candidate does not reach the threshold of support of 15 percent of voters in a caucus needed to be considered viable, that candidates’ supporters are released to back another contender, leading to another round of persuasion. Republicans are more straightforward. They write their vote privately on a sheet of paper that is collected and counted at the site by caucus officials. A surrogate or volunteer from each campaign may speak to their neighbors in a last-ditch plea for support, adding to the uncertainty going into the process. Neither party is offering voter turnout estimates this year, although many Iowans predict the Republicans will surpass the 121,503 who turned out in 2012. In the last contested Democratic caucus, in 2008, excitement over Barack Obama’s candidacy spurred a record turnout of 239,872. Iowa, the 30th most populated state, and tiny New Hampshire, which holds the second nominating contest on Feb. 9, have traditionally served as early filters to winnow out the losers and elevate the top contenders for later contests. But Iowa Republicans recently have had a spotty record at backing the ultimate presidential nominees. Neither the Republican winner in 2008, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, nor the winner in 2012, former U.S. Senator Rick Santorum, managed to win the party nomination. Iowa Democrats did back the party’s last two nominees: John Kerry in 2004 and Obama in 2008, which ultimately launched Obama’s drive to the White House.  (Editing by Leslie Adler) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11034,Obama to make first visit to U.S. mosque next week ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will make his first visit as president to a U.S. mosque next week in a defense of religious freedom, the White House said, following a rise in anti-Muslim rhetoric in the United States. Obama will visit on Wednesday the Islamic Society of Baltimore mosque, where he will hold a roundtable with the community and deliver remarks, a White House official said on Saturday.  At the mosque, the president will “reiterate the importance of staying true to our core values – welcoming our fellow Americans, speaking out against bigotry, rejecting indifference, and protecting our nation’s tradition of religious freedom,” the official said.  He has visited mosques outside the United States on his trips abroad.  Obama, a Democrat in his last year as president, has appealed to Americans to reject anti-Muslim comments by politicians, most notably Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump. Trump, who is leading the Republican field in opinion polls, called for a ban on Muslim visitors to the United States after a Muslim couple inspired by Islamist militants killed 14 people in a shooting in San Bernardino, California, in early December.  According to a Gallup poll in December, Americans are now more likely to name terrorism as the top issue facing the United States than any other issue.  ",1
11035,"Clinton, Kasich win New York Times endorsement in U.S. presidential race","(Reuters) - The New York Times’s editorial board endorsed Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican John Kasich as they seek to become their parties’ nominees in the U.S. presidential election, calling Clinton one of the most “deeply qualified presidential candidates in modern history.” Clinton, a front-runner facing a strong challenge from Senator Bernie Sanders, and Kasich, who has only dimly registered in the polls, received the endorsements from one of the nation’s largest newspapers two days before voters in Iowa hold the first nominating contest for the Nov. 8 election.    “Mr Sanders does not have the breadth of experience or policy ideas that Mrs Clinton offers,” the board wrote, after praising him for making important points about economic inequality and foreign policy.  The board praised Clinton’s term as secretary of state from 2009 to 2013, and said she had shown a lifelong commitment to American workers, particularly women. The board criticized her as too quick to propose using military force abroad, but said she still would be a better military leader than her Republican rivals. The Times editorial board previously endorsed Clinton in 2008, when she ran against Barack Obama. In that endorsement, it also argued that Clinton had more experience and had presented more detailed policy ideas than her rival. Kasich, the governor of Ohio, was the only candidate in the crowded Republican field the board said it was able to stomach.  “Gov. John Kasich of Ohio, though a distinct underdog, is the only plausible choice for Republicans tired of the extremism and inexperience on display in this race,” the board wrote. It said Kasich had “been capable of compromise and believes in the ability of government to improve lives.” The board said that front-runner Donald Trump did not have experience of international issues or interest in learning about them. It said Ted Cruz would “say anything to win.”  (Reporting by Mary Milliken; Editing by Kevin Liffey) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11036,Kasich 'only plausible choice' for Republican nomination: NY Times Board,"(Reuters) - The New York Times Editorial Board on Saturday said Ohio Governor John Kasich was the “only plausible choice” in the race for the Republican nomination in the U.S. presidential election. The editorial board said that, while Kasich was an underdog, he had “been capable of compromise and believes in the ability of government to improve lives.”  It said that front-runner Donald Trump did not have experience of international issues or interest in learning about them. It said Ted Cruz would “say anything to win.” ",1
11037,U.S. to withhold some Clinton emails with top secret information,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department conceded for the first time on Friday that intelligence officials were correct to say that at least 22 emails sent through Hillary Clinton’s private server contain some of the government’s most sensitive secrets. The seven email chains from Clinton’s time as secretary of state, amounting to 22 separate messages, will be withheld from the public as a result because the information in them is classified at the highest level as “top secret,” State Department spokesman John Kirby said. The announcement came three days before the Iowa caucuses, when the first votes are cast for the presidential nominations and where Clinton is locked in a tight race with Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders to become the Democratic nominee for the November election. “These documents were not marked classified at the time that they were sent,” Kirby said. He added that the department was now investigating whether the information in them was classified at the time it passed through her private clintonemail.com email account run on a server in her New York home. The department and intelligence officials have been arguing about the emails, which are being made public under a federal court order, for at least five months. The State Department initially maintained that Clinton might have obtained the same information independently through non-classified channels. The decision to no longer pursue this argument will add to the questions Clinton has faced for months over her handling of sensitive government information as she seeks to maintain her position as the favorite to become the Democratic nominee. The Clinton campaign criticized the State Department’s decision as the result of “bureaucratic infighting” and “over-classification run amok,” adding that the emails should be released. Some information has been censored in more than 1,300 emails already made public because the State Department says it is classified, including the privately shared thoughts of foreign leaders and government officials. But this is the first time that entire chains are being withheld. Congressional Republicans have criticized and investigated Clinton for her use of a private email server for her work as a secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. Some of her Republican rivals for the presidency, including New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, have called for her prosecution. Reince Priebus, the Republican National Committee’s chairman, said in a statement that Clinton had “put our national security and diplomatic efforts at risk.” The government forbids handling of classified information, which may or may not be marked that way, outside secure government-controlled channels, and sometimes prosecutes people who remove it from such channels. The government classifies information as top secret if it deems a leak could cause “exceptionally grave damage” to national security.  U.S. Representative Adam Schiff of California, the House Intelligence Committee’s leading Democrat, defended Clinton in a statement, saying classification determinations are “often very complex” and she was “responding to world events in real time without the benefit of months of analysis after the fact.” The Federal Bureau of Investigation has taken Clinton’s server and other computer equipment, but has declined to share details of its inquiries. White House spokesman Josh Earnest downplayed questions about whether Clinton might be prosecuted by the Justice Department. “That’s not something I’m worried about,” he told reporters. Clinton initially said she never sent or received classified information through her email. In recent weeks she has more often said none of her emails were marked that way.  Following a court-ordered schedule, the State Department has already released most of the roughly 30,000 work emails Clinton returned to the department.  The department had been ordered to release all the emails by Friday, but last week asked the court for a one-month extension. The State Department also said it would agree with a request from the White House that Clinton’s emails with President Barack Obama, 18 in all, be withheld from public release for several years under the Presidential Records Act. ",1
11038,Obama administration seeks to bolster gender wage gap fight ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration announced plans to expand wage reporting requirements for private businesses on Friday, bolstering its efforts to narrow the longstanding U.S. gender wage gap. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission’s plan would require employers with 100 or more employees to provide the agency with detailed wage information, broken down by gender, race and ethnicity.    Unlike a similar Labor Department rule proposed earlier, it would apply to all large businesses and not just federal contractors. The plan, which is expected to take effect in September 2017, will be open to public comment but does not require congressional approval. It is part of a long-running effort by Obama and federal agencies to close the yawning gap between pay for men and women. The commission’s proposal would not require the disclosure  of specific salaries of individual employees, but it would seek aggregate data on pay ranges and hours worked. “The goal is to help businesses that are trying to do the right thing ... to get a clearer picture of how they can make sure their employees are being treated equally,” Obama said at a White House event. He spoke on the seventh anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. The measure, the first bill Obama signed into law, overturned a Supreme Court decision that severely restricted the time period for filing complaints of employment discrimination concerning compensation. Although fighting gender pay imbalances has been a focus for Obama, the pay gap has narrowed only slightly over the past two years. “We can’t deliver on the promise of equal pay unless we have the best, most comprehensive information about what people earn,” Labor Secretary Thomas Perez said in a statement on Friday. The median wage of a woman working full-time year-round in the United States is currently about $39,600, only 79 percent of a man’s median earnings of $50,400. Gender equality in the U.S. work force, and globally, is still decades away, according to an independent report released on Wednesday.  ",1
11039,Kerry says can't comment on content of Clinton emails,"QUEBEC CITY (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Friday said he could not comment on private email chains of his predecessor Hillary Clinton, saying they were being withheld at the request of the U.S. intelligence community. “I can’t speak to the specifics of anything with respect to the technicalities, the contents ... because that’s not our job,” Kerry told a news conference in Canada. “We don’t know about it, it’s in other hands.” ",1
11040,"Without Trump, Republican debate has second lowest rating","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Fox News debate without front-runner Donald Trump attracted the second-smallest audience of the seven such televised encounters among Republicans so far this election cycle, according to ratings figures released on Friday. According to Nielsen data, about 12.5 million people watched the Republican face-off, beating only an earlier debate on the less-prominent Fox Business Network.  But Thursday’s encounter was one of Fox News’s biggest-ever hits and drew more viewers than coverage of a rally at the same time that was hosted by Trump. The billionaire refused to participate in the debate out of anger that Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly was a moderator.  Last-minute phone calls with Fox News Chairman Roger Ailes failed to resolve their dispute, which broke out just days before next week’s Iowa caucuses, the first nominating contest for the Nov. 8 presidential election.     Instead, Trump held his own rally in Iowa at the same time as the debate, which he promoted as a way to raise money for charity. CNN and MSNBC gave his event some coverage, but their combined audience during that time was about a quarter of the crowd watching the Fox debate, according to Nielsen data.  On Friday, Trump defended his decision to snub Fox News, one of the most powerful media forces in Republican politics.          “I have a very good relationship with Fox, but when somebody doesn’t treat you properly, you’ve got to be tough,” he said at a rally in New Hampshire. Trump often claims on the campaign trail that he is responsible for strong viewership of Republican debates. And he managed to upstage the debate to a certain extent, dominating Twitter mentions and Google searches during the event.      Despite Trump’s absence, Thursday’s debate was the second-largest audience ever for a Fox News telecast, beaten only by the first Republican presidential debate in 2015 with 24 million viewers.     It was also the most-watched program on TV on Thursday night, Fox News said. “The debate topped all TV Thursday night in total viewers including all broadcast shows,” Fox News said in a statement.  Audiences for all Republican debates in the current presidential election campaign have been higher than in previous years, though viewership tapered after the first two. About 18 million people watched a CNN-hosted Republican debate in December. The Fox Business event this month drew the smallest crowd with 11 million viewers. Democratic debates have gotten lower ratings this election cycle.  (Additional reporting by Lisa Richwine and Alana Wise; Editing by Alistair Bell) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11041,Virginia lawmakers reach bipartisan deal on gun issues,"RICHMOND, Va. (Reuters) - Virginia lawmakers reached a bipartisan deal on Friday that would rescind the attorney general’s decision to stop honoring permits for concealed weapons issued by 25 states in exchange for concessions from Republican supporters of gun ownership rights. The move last month to undo reciprocity agreements with more than two dozen states with requirements that fall short of Virginia’s infuriated many gun-rights advocates, who argued it infringed the constitutional rights of gun owners. In return for reinstating the agreements, Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe said the leaders of the Republican-dominated legislature had agreed to a requirement to make state police available for voluntary background checks for private sales at all gun shows. The issue of gun control has become heated in recent years after a series of mass shootings at schools, shopping malls and other public venues across the country. Advocates of tighter controls say the government must do more to keep weapons out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill, while opponents say new restrictions would violate the Second Amendment of the U.S. Constitution.  Of 77 firearms shows in Virginia last year, state police were present to run voluntary checks at only 42, the governor said. McAuliffe, who supports tighter gun control, pledged to make more money available to expand police background check efforts. He said expanding background checks had always been his primary issue in gun control legislation. The bipartisan compromise would also prohibit individuals with permanent protective orders from possessing a firearm. McAuliffe said it was an effort to remove guns from domestic violence situations. The proposal had previously been a non-starter among Republicans. “The measures we announce here today will save lives,” McAuliffe said, emphasizing that the compromise struck a balance between public safety and individual rights. In a prepared statement, Democratic Attorney General Mark R. Herring expressed approval but he did not attend the press conference at the state Capitol announcing the deal. “I’m encouraged to finally see a bipartisan conversation about how we can reduce gun violence and keep guns away from dangerous individuals,” Herring said. He added that the measure of success for the agreement, when it finally emerges from the legislative process, is whether it makes Virginians safer. William J. Howell, the powerful Republican speaker of the House of Delegates, said the agreement was not about who won and who lost. “Virginia won, and that’s all there is to it,” Howell said, standing behind a podium flanked by Republican and Democratic lawmakers as well as representatives from domestic violence groups. ",1
11042,"Biden, Cypriot President Anastasiades discuss Cyprus settlement: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden phoned Cypriot President Nikos Anastasiades to discuss work toward a settlement deal on the divided Mediterranean island, the White House said on Friday. The leaders also discussed talks held on Thursday by Greece, Israel and Cyprus exploring the possibility of building a natural gas pipeline to Europe, the White House said in a statement. Biden also spoke with Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu about the issue on Friday, the White House said. ",1
11043,"Obama to meet with Republicans Ryan, McConnell next week: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will meet for the first time on Tuesday with Speaker Paul Ryan, the top Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives, to discuss budget priorities and ways to work together this year, the White House said on Friday. The get-together with Ryan, which also will include Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, will provide a gauge of how much or how little legislative common ground the three leaders share as Obama completes his final year in office. “We certainly believe that there are areas of cooperation for the year ahead,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. It will be Obama’s first formal face-to-face meeting with Ryan since he was elected speaker three months ago.  “While the House is focused on a bold agenda for 2017, the speaker appreciates the opportunity to see if we can find any areas of common ground in the year ahead,” Doug Andres, a spokesman for Ryan, said. During a closed-door meeting on Thursday with Democratic lawmakers, Obama said he does not expect Congress to get much done this year, according to an aide who was in the room. The White House has said there are only a few items on Obama’s legislative wish-list that have any chance of passing through the Republican-controlled Congress. They include reforming mandatory minimum prison sentences for non-violent drug offenses and taking steps to address an epidemic of heroin addiction and prescription drug abuse. Obama also wants Congress to approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, but he faces resistance from Democratic lawmakers concerned about the TPP’s impact on jobs and the environment. The White House announced on Friday that Obama’s top legislative aide Katie Beirne Fallon, who was popular among Republicans and Democrats alike on Capitol Hill, is leaving after helping Obama secure enough votes for fast-track trade negotiating authority, the Iran nuclear deal and a budget deal. Fallon will be replaced by her deputy Amy Rosenbaum, a former aide to House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi. Obama’s meeting with Republicans comes one week before Obama delivers his final budget proposal to Congress. It also comes as Obama tries to make good on a pledge he made during his 2008 campaign to close the U.S. detention center in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Obama is set to deliver a plan to Congress about closing the prison that will include measures to house a small number of detainees in facilities in the United States. Lawmakers strongly oppose that idea. ",1
11044,Seven email chains from Clinton server contain 'top secret' material: AP,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Seven email chains from the private server Hillary Clinton used when she was U.S. secretary of state are being withheld from public release for containing “top secret” material, the Associated Press reported on Friday, without citing a source. The U.S. State Department is scheduled to release another batch of emails from Clinton’s server on Friday. Clinton, who is seeking the Democratic presidential nomination, has been embroiled in a controversy about her use of a private server for government business.  ",1
11045,Biden talks to Israel's Netanyahu about Israel-Turkey relations: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden spoke by phone with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Friday, the White House said in a statement. The two leaders discussed ongoing efforts to improve Israel-Turkey relations and to increase energy cooperation in the eastern Mediterranean, the White House said. ",1
11046,Obama to host Colombian President Santos next week: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will host Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos at the White House next week, the White House said on Friday. During the official working visit on Thursday, the two leaders will “mark 15 years of ... cooperation through Plan Colombia, the joint effort to create a safer, more prosperous future for the people of Colombia,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said at a news briefing. ",1
11047,Trump debate flap throws Republican party into deeper chaos,"DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - As seven Republican presidential contenders squared off here for the final debate before voters begin winnowing the field, Donald Trump presided over his own, separate rally a mile away in front of a packed house of cheering supporters.   It would be hard to find a more ideal metaphor for the forces tearing asunder the Republican Party.  For months, Trump has chosen to operate in his own political universe, violating the conventional wisdom that governs presidential campaigns, thumbing his nose at conservative institutions ranging from the Fox News Channel to the National Review and advocating policies at odds with party orthodoxy. And whether he wins the Iowa caucuses on Monday, Trump’s candidacy promises to continue to upend the established political order as the presidential race intensifies ahead of the Nov. 8 election. Most national opinion polls have him with more than 30 percent of the Republican primary electorate — and those voters are showing little sign of switching to anyone else.  “I think he will have made a permanent impact on the process,” Newt Gingrich, the former speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives and a 2012 presidential candidate, told Reuters. Trump’s campaign, he said, “is one of those great disruptions that reshapes everything.” Tensions within the Republican Party between grassroots conservatives and the Washington establishment have been simmering since the Tea Party movement arose during President Barack Obama’s first term, catapulting presidential contenders Senators Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and Rand Paul to office, among others. But Trump’s insurgent candidacy has carved new fissures into the party, splitting conservative talk-radio hosts, religious leaders, and Washington pundits, with some sounding the alarm while others implore the party to respond to the anger toward Republican incumbents among voters who are fueling Trump’s rise.  The billionaire businessman has mounted his campaign on the notion of the fading American working-class, arguing they are under threat by both free trade deals favored by Republicans that encourage companies to send jobs overseas and by waves of illegal immigrants that work for low wages.  “People are upset. People believe that promises made have not been promises kept. There comes a point when you’ve had it,” said Iowa Republican Party Chairman Jeff Kaufmann, who has appeared at Trump rallies.  Trump’s candidacy threatens to scramble the Republican coalition built since the presidency of Ronald Reagan, one that worked to unite evangelical Christians and other social conservatives, economic conservatives, and military hawks behind a standard-bearer.  The New York real estate tycoon and former reality TV star does not check many of those boxes. He shocked evangelicals here when he told them he has never asked God for forgiveness and spends little time on issues such as abortion and same-sex marriage.  He has threatened to slap tariffs on imported goods to protect American jobs and raise taxes on hedge-fund managers. He has decried the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and has sounded reluctant to deeply involve U.S. forces in the conflict in Syria.  “He is attracting people of all kinds of backgrounds who have never thought of themselves as Republicans,” Gingrich said. “I think it’s very hard for traditional political observers to understand (what’s happening).” Early during Thursday’s debate in Des Moines, it seemed that the seven Republicans on the stage worked collectively to try and wean voters in Iowa and elsewhere off of Trump, with some dismissing him as an entertainer and others blasting his policy stances. His absence loomed over the entire event.  And Trump demonstrated the sway he holds over the race when it was revealed that Fox News executives had made an 11th-hour pitch to woo him back onto the debate stage, handing him a rhetorical victory of sorts even as his rivals seemed to relish his absence.  He also was joined at his event in Des Moines by two other Republican presidential candidates, Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum — perhaps an acknowledgement that Trump’s campaign may be a juggernaut now that may not be able to be stopped and that it might be time to climb aboard.  Without Trump, Fox News’s debate was the second-lowest rated of the Republican match-ups so far, CNN reported on Friday, citing early data from measurement company Nielsen. But it still had higher viewership than Trump’s counter-event.  Cruz alluded at the debate to the need to bring order to what has been a chaotic campaign. “Anyone who is able to win in the Republican Party has to be able to bring together the disparate elements of the Reagan coalition,” he said. “You’ve got to be able to bring together conservatives and evangelicals and libertarians, and stitch together a winning majority.” But Ford O’Connell, a Republican strategist who is not aligned with any candidate, said Cruz may be too beholden to the conventional ways to win the nomination.  “What resonates (for voters) is not just Trump’s bravado, it’s that the everyday man thinks he’s fighting for him,” O’Connell said. “Cruz assumes being a conservative means an ideological checklist. For a lot of others in the party, or for some who have left the party, it’s more of a feeling.”  Even as the seven candidates argued among themselves about who is best positioned to challenge Trump for the nomination, analytics provided by Google during the debate showed Trump eclipsed all of them in terms of number of searches.  And if Trump loses next Monday in Iowa — he is locked in a close race with Cruz in the state — polls show him with large leads in New Hampshire and South Carolina, the next states to hold nominating contests.  “This is not something that fits into some nice little tight box. That is the beauty of Trump,” O’Connell said. “I think he could be the nominee. And I think he could actually win the presidency.”  (Additional reporting by Emily Stephenson; Editing by Jonathan Oatis, Richard Valdmanis and Alistair Bell) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11048,Republican debate without Trump draws 12.5 million viewers to Fox News,"LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The Republican presidential debate held without front-runner Donald Trump attracted 12.5 million viewers to Fox News Channel on Thursday, according to preliminary Nielsen data. Trump boycotted the event after Fox News, owned by 21st Century Fox, refused to yield to his demand that network anchor Megyn Kelly be replaced as a moderator.  (Reporting by Lisa Richwine; Editin gby Tom Brown) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11049,Trump draws full house at own event as he snubs Fox News debate,"DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - Donald Trump shunned Thursday night’s debate of the Republican presidential candidates hosted by Fox News and instead filled an auditorium a few miles down the road, trying to prove his widespread support only days before Iowa kicks off the U.S. nominating voting process.  Trump, with just one day’s notice on a weeknight, was able to fill to capacity a hall at Drake University that holds 700. “I didn’t want to be here, to be honest, I wanted to be about five minutes away” at the debate, Trump told the crowd. “When you’re treated badly, you have to stick up for your rights - whether we like it or not.” The back-and-forth between Trump and Fox News continued even after the debate had begun.  Trump said he skipped the debate because he would not be treated fairly by Fox News anchor and debate moderator Megyn Kelly. He told the crowd that Fox News made repeated calls to try to persuade him to change his mind. He said officials, presumably the network’s chairman, Roger Ailes, called him until moments before the debate began. Fox News told the story differently.  The network acknowledged that Ailes had three conversations with Trump but said in a statement that Trump had offered to participate in the debate only if Fox News donated $5 million to his charity. Fox News declined to make the payment, calling it a “quid pro quo” in its statement.  Trump has made such a demand previously, telling CNN when it hosted a Republican debate that it should donate $5 million to charity from the profits gained from advertising. CNN turned down that demand. Trump was able to garner a tremendous amount of attention on Thursday without having to share much of the spotlight. Cable news networks CNN and MSNBC provided extensive coverage of his event. In deciding to hold a competing event, Trump said the gathering would be to benefit veterans and he welcomed his rivals to attend. Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee and former U.S. Senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania joined Trump after participating in the undercard debate held for the Republican candidates at the bottom of the polls. Both men spoke briefly about the need to help the nation’s veterans. Trump told the crowd that in one day he raised more than $5 million for a veterans group, although his campaign did not say which group was getting the funds. At the conclusion of the event, Trump announced that the total raised for veterans had risen to $6 million. Trump said he personally donated $1 million. Trump’s decision to skip the debate was sharply criticized by his opponents. U.S. Senator Ted Cruz opened the debate by mocking Trump in his absence. “I’m a maniac and everyone on this stage is stupid, fat and ugly,” Cruz said, imitating Trump. “And Ben, you’re a terrible surgeon. Now that we’ve gotten the Donald Trump portion out of the way.” There are risks in holding his own event for Trump, who several recent polls have shown barely leading Cruz. If Trump wins the Iowa caucuses, the move will be lauded as proof that he has built a movement capable of circumventing establishment media. If he places second, the skipped debate will be blamed as a fatal tactical error that allowed opponents to paint him as weak in the fact of tough questions. Trump acknowledged that he did not know whether the event would ultimately hurt or help his campaign.  “Who the hell knows, but it’s for our vets,” he said. Supporters and some curious onlookers waited in the sub-freezing cold in a line that wrapped around the building and down a block.  Trump’s campaign erected a large Jumbotron outside the auditorium to allow an overflow crowd to watch his remarks. Before Trump took the stage, some of his well-known supporters spoke. Lynnette “Diamond” Hardaway and Rochelle “Silk” Richardson, two women with a large online video blog following, urged the crowd to back Trump.    Randy Bowling, a Trump supporter from Ottumwa, Iowa, said some of his friends who are undecided in the Republican contest said Trump’s decision to not participate in the debate raised doubts about supporting him.  “We have mixed emotions,” Bowling said. “We caught a lot of flak from our friends who are on the fence.”  Sharon and Richard Lode drove three hours from Sioux Rapids, Iowa to see Trump’s event, deciding they would make the drive with only one-day’s notice.  Sharon Lode, who is 65, was not worried that skipping the debate could hurt Trump on caucus day.  “It took a lot of guts to stand up to them,” she said.  Steven Doran, 19, was one of the many students and other curious area residents who attended the event with no plans to ultimately support Trump. Doran plans to participate in the Democratic caucus.  “The spectacle,” Doran said, when asked why he was there. “I’ve never seen Trump in person.” ",1
11050,"Trump skips debate, wins on social media","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump was the big winner across social media on Thursday night during the seventh Republican presidential debate - despite the fact that he did not attend. In all, Trump commanded 36 percent of the Twitter  traffic during the debate, according to the social media company. The real estate billionaire tweeted on Friday: “Great Twitter poll-and I wasn’t even there. Thank you!” Trump was also the most searched-for candidate on Google during the debate, according to data supplied by the search engine, which co-sponsored the event with Fox News. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush also gained traction on Google. Trump boycotted the event after Fox News refused to yield to his demand that network anchor Megyn Kelly be replaced as a moderator. After Fox News issued a sarcastic news release about the contretemps, Trump hosted his own event in Des Moines, a fund-raiser for veterans. He was rewarded with positive social media buzz.  Not long after he took the stage on Thursday night at his event at Drake University, a group of protesters chanted loudly. Trump responded: “I love the protesters in the big arena because the cameras (don’t move away from) my face.” That quip won him praise on social media, and his Twitter sentiment measured largely positive during the event, according to social media analytics firm Zoomph. “An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans!” Donald Trump (@realDonaldTrump) tweeted on Thursday. “We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked!” To be sure, he failed to garner as much attention on Twitter as the last time he was on a debate stage. According to Brandwatch, a social media monitoring company, Trump received roughly 130,000 Twitter mentions during the debate. This marked a roughly 40,000-tweet decline from the previous GOP debate - which he attended. While Trump led the field in terms of mentions, Yik Yak, a location-based mobile app popular with millennials, said on Friday that Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky had the highest approval rating with app users at 73.6 percent. At the debate, Cruz came out swinging against Trump in his initial comments, mocking the tycoon’s penchant for brash criticism.  “I’m a maniac, and everyone on this stage is stupid, fat and ugly,” joked Cruz, in an effort to, as he put it, get “the Donald Trump portion” of the program out of the way. Cruz’s joke became one of the standout moments in the first half of the debate, gaining momentum on Twitter among news outlets and average Twitter users. The debate moved on to discussion of substantive issues. Foreign affairs, national security, immigration, reproductive rights and healthcare were the most tweeted-about topics during the debate, according to Twitter. ",1
11051,California senators seek methane leak task force in U.S. energy bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The two U.S. Senators representing California said on Friday they will propose a federal task force to investigate the cause and response to the massive natural gas leak near Los Angeles. Democratic Senators Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein announced they will introduce an amendment to a national energy bill being debated by the Senate that would direct U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz to lead a task force that will recommend how to solve the ongoing methane leak and prevent future incidents. Southern California Gas Company’s Aliso Canyon Natural Gas Storage Facility, which sprung a leak in October that has not yet been sealed, has raised alarms about the danger of aging oil and gas infrastructure. There is little oversight of the 400 underground natural gas storage facilities in 30 U.S. states. “We have a responsibility not only to address this leak, but also to ensure nothing like this ever happens again,” Feinstein said in a statement. The amendment is one of nearly 100 that senators have introduced or plan to offer next week, as the Senate works to pass the country’s first major energy bill in over eight years. The bill, which aims to modernize the country’s aging energy infrastructure, is one of the few in Congress to have bipartisan support. Senate Majority Leader McConnell said he expects the legislation to pass late next week, after members vote on the list of amendments. The California senators’ proposal would direct Moniz to lead a six-member intergovernmental task force to study the impacts of the leak on affected communities as well as the environment and issue its findings within six months. Those findings and subsequent updates would help agencies such as the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) help respond to the leak. The task force would recommend whether to continue operations at Aliso Canyon and other facilities in close proximity to densely populated areas. Other amendments the Senate will consider next week include a proposal by Michigan Democrats to deal with another environmental crisis - lead water contamination in Flint. The proposal would also direct $200 million for a research center to focus on the needs of children, and would also require the EPA to warn the public of high lead levels in drinking water if a state fails to do so. ",1
11052,Obama's legislative aide Fallon departs: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Friday his top legislative affairs aide, Katie Beirne Fallon, is leaving the White House and will be replaced by her deputy, Amy Rosenbaum, a former aide to House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi. Obama, in a statement, credited Fallon with helping the White House “build up our relationships with folks in both parties” in Congress on issues like the budget, the Iran nuclear deal, and reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank. ",1
11053,"Billionaire Koch duo target education, crime with new group: USA Today","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Billionaires Charles and David Koch, the Republican brothers who are a driving force behind conservative politics and election financing, are launching a new group to target social issues such as poverty and education, USA Today reported on Friday.  Organizers said the goal is to raise $15 million this year for the group, which aims to partner with private organizations to tackle problems such as poverty, gang violence and repeat criminal offenders through grants or other investments, the newspaper said. The five-person group, called Stand Together, plans to reveal more details about its plans at an annual gathering near Palm Springs, California, of hundreds of Koch donors that is scheduled to open on Saturday, USA Today said, citing interviews with the group’s leaders. It is not clear how much of their personal funds the brothers will give the social issues group, the newspaper said. Representatives for the Kochs could not be immediately reached to comment on the initiative. Evan Feinberg, the group’s executive director, on Friday tweeted that its website stand-together.org had officially launched. The Kochs are among the best-known conservative donors and have spent millions to influence U.S. elections, using their wealth from Koch Industries Inc, a U.S. conglomerate that is the nation’s second-largest private company, and running their nonprofit political group Americans for Prosperity.  While their efforts to create an initiative aimed at social issues has been in the works for months, its formal launch comes amid active campaigning in a crowded field ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election. While so far issues such as immigration and security have dominated the presidential campaign, other domestic issues could eventually come to the forefront.  The libertarian-leaning brothers have not endorsed a candidate among the 12 Republicans seeking the party’s nomination. According to USA Today, their latest nonprofit could use its funding in a variety of ways, from offering scholarships to providing support to other nonprofit groups.  (Reporting by Washington Newsroom; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11054,Sen. Warren slams 'shockingly weak' punishments for corporate crime,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren released on Friday a report criticizing what she called “shockingly weak” punishments for corporate crimes and condemned the Justice Department and Securities and Exchange Commission for their lax approach. Warren, in a 13-page report titled “Rigged Justice,” outlined 20 civil and criminal cases from 2015 that she said illustrated patterns of weak and problematic enforcement of white-collar crimes, either as a result of “limited resources or lack of political will.” “The Obama administration has made repeated promises to strengthen enforcement and hold corporate criminals accountable, and the DOJ announced in September that it would place greater emphasis on charging individuals responsible for corporate crimes,” Warren wrote.  “Nonetheless ... accountability for corporate crimes is shockingly weak.” Warren, a favorite among progressives, criticized the Justice Department and federal law enforcement agencies for rarely prosecuting individuals. She called the SEC “particularly feeble” and said loose regulation at other agencies often turns legal rules into suggestions, which companies can freely ignore. Warren said federal law is unambiguous in stating that if a corporation has committed a violation, individuals working there also must be at fault, but that federal agencies rarely pursue convictions of large corporations or their executives. “If justice means a prison sentence for a teenager who steals a car but it means nothing more than a sideways glance at a CEO who quietly engineers the theft of billions of dollars, then the promise of equal justice under the law has turned into a lie,” she wrote. “The contrast between the treatment of highly paid executives and everyone else couldn’t be sharper.” The report, which Warren said will be the first in an annual series on enforcement, described low-punishment cases ranging from for-profit colleges engaging in deceptive recruitment practices to General Motors covering up years of ignition switch problems in its vehicles. Another example listed was the Upper Big Branch Mine Disaster, in which Massey Energy CEO Donald Blankenship was convicted of one misdemeanor following a mine explosion that killed 29 people, despite his company’s history of safety failures. ",1
11055,Trump overshadows Republican debate even as he sits it out,"DES MOINES, Iowa (Reuters) - Even in boycotting a debate with his Republican rivals for the White House, front-runner Donald Trump managed to upstage the event on Thursday with a typical dramatic flourish. Instead of attending a seventh debate, the former reality TV star held a competing event across town that he said raised $6 million for U.S. military veterans. In doing so, he cast a shadow over his rivals, who frequently tossed barbs his way. Trump’s gamble that he could leave the battlefield to his rivals for one night appeared to pay off, with just days to go before Iowa holds the first nominating contest of the 2016 election season. No one appeared to emerge as a central challenger to him during the two-hour face-off in Des Moines. Trump’s refusal to participate in the debate out of anger that Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly was a moderator prompted a flurry of last-minute phone calls with Fox News Chairman Roger Ailes that failed to resolve their dispute. A Fox News (FOXA.O) statement said Trump requested that Fox contribute $5 million to his charities in exchange for his attendance, which the network turned down. The debate was the type of event Republicans would routinely have without the flamboyant Trump on stage, and it lacked the electricity that he brings to the party’s search for a nominee for the Nov. 8 election. Without Trump on stage, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and  New Jersey Governor Chris Christie found themselves with more room to make their case to voters seeking a more mainstream candidate.      Both men have an eye on the Feb. 9 first-in-the-nation primary in New Hampshire, which comes on the heels of the Iowa  caucuses on Monday and where an establishment Republican like them might have a better chance of standing out. Senator Ted Cruz from Texas and Senator Marco Rubio from Florida, the two top challengers to Trump in Iowa, engaged in squabbles over immigration and national security and did not appear to threaten Trump’s lead. He holds the edge over Cruz in polls of Iowa Republicans. Trump’s rivals mocked his decision to sit out the debate and found ways to criticize him. “I’m a maniac and everyone on this stage is stupid, fat and ugly, and Ben, you’re a terrible surgeon,” Cruz told his rivals, including Ben Carson, a retired neurosurgeon, as the debate opened. His next sentence began: “Now that we’ve gotten the Donald Trump portion out of the way.” Bush, who has been a frequent target of Trump’s attacks, turned a question about religious tolerance into an attack on Trump’s proposed temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States. “Donald Trump, for example — I mentioned his name again if anybody was missing him — Mr. Trump believed in reaction to people’s fears that we should ban all Muslims. Well, that creates an environment that’s toxic in our own country,” Bush said. Cruz, after a series of questions, said: “If you ask me one more mean question, I may have to leave the stage.” In a swipe at both Trump and Cruz, Rubio chimed in: “Don’t worry, I’m not going to leave the stage no matter what you ask me.” With his veterans’ event drawing live TV news coverage on Fox News competitors CNN and MSNBC, Trump had plenty of media attention. He clung to his insistence that Fox News had treated him badly. He has complained that Kelly insulted him at a debate in August and that a statement from the network earlier this week  belittled him. Two other Republican candidates, Rick Santorum and Mike Huckabee, joined Trump on stage after participating in a debate of low-polling candidates. Not so former Virginia Governor Jim Gilmore. “I’m not about to go across town tonight to carry the coat for some billionaire,” he said at the “undercard” debate. There was initially some mystery as to which veterans' groups would receive the money raised at the event, which included $1 million from Trump himself. His campaign, in a statement, said the funds would go to 22 different groups it listed online (bit.ly/1OTKtuJ).   Trump, with just one day’s notice on a weeknight, was able to fill to capacity a Drake University hall that holds 700. “I didn’t want to be here, to be honest, I wanted to be about five minutes away” at the debate, Trump told the crowd. “When you’re treated badly, you have to stick up for your rights - whether we like it or not.” Trump dominated social media during the debate, leading the entire Republican pack in Twitter mentions throughout the first half of the debate, according to data from social media analytics firm Zoomph. He was by far the most-searched-for candidate on Google during the first half of the debate, at one point outpacing the second-most-searched-for candidate, Rubio, by nearly four-to-one, according to Google Trends data. Trump’s support in opinion polls, much of it from blue-collar men, has not wavered for months despite him insulting Mexican immigrants and Muslims and clashing with Republican establishment figures like Senator John McCain. ",1
11056,Hillary Clinton willing to add more presidential debates,"(Reuters) - Hillary Clinton agreed on Thursday to some of the terms laid down by an opponent, Senator Bernie Sanders, in his call to increase the number of public debates as they vie to become the Democratic candidate in November’s U.S. presidential election. Clinton’s two main Democratic challengers, Sanders and former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley, have long called for more debates. They have complained that the relatively skimpy schedule of only six encounters was designed by the party to protect Clinton’s position at the top of opinion polls. But the call for more debates intensified this week after a hastily arranged debate next Thursday in New Hampshire was announced, organized by a news channel and a state newspaper. Both Clinton and O’Malley said they would attend if all the candidates agreed, despite risking the ire of the Democratic National Committee, which has forbidden candidates from taking part in unsanctioned encounters.  On Wednesday evening, the Sanders campaign called for three more debates, in March, April and May. The campaign also stipulated that none be held on a Friday, Saturday or holiday weekend, when the number of potential viewers typically dips.  If Clinton would commit to this, his campaign said, then Sanders would also agree to join Clinton and O’Malley at the Feb. 4 debate convened by MSNBC and the New Hampshire Union Leader newspaper, just days before the state becomes the second in the country to vote for Republican and Democratic presidential candidates. “Senator Sanders is happy to have more debates, but we are not going to schedule them on an ad hoc basis at the whim of the Clinton campaign,” Sanders’ campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, said in a statement. Weaver said Clinton had only agreed to next week’s debate because Sanders has been gaining on her in polls. The response from the Clinton camp on Thursday acceded to some of these conditions, saying it would discuss adding debates only in April and May. “We have always been willing to add additional debates beyond the six that had been scheduled and look forward to starting discussions on scheduling debates in April and May,” Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in an email to reporters. Spokesmen for Clinton and Sanders did not respond to emails asking if the two campaigns were now in agreement. It remains unclear if any additional debates will come to pass. The Democratic National Committee has said it will not sanction the debate organized for next week, though it seems unlikely it will ban all three candidates from the remaining two sanctioned debates.  (Reporting by Jonathan Allen; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11057,"Congress to probe Juniper 'back door' exposure, possible U.S. involvement","SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional probe into the impact of a hack of Juniper Networks Inc software will examine the possibility that it was initially altered at the behest of the National Security Agency, a lawmaker said in an interview on Thursday. The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform this month sent letters asking some two dozen agencies to provide documents showing whether they used Juniper devices running ScreenOS software. The company said in December ScreenOS had been compromised by hackers using a so-called back door in the software. Rep. Will Hurd, a Texas Republican who heads the committee’s technology subcommittee and formerly worked for the Central Intelligence Agency, said his initial goal in pursuing the probe was to determine whether government agencies, many of which use Juniper gear, had been compromised by the hackers. But Hurd, a key player in the investigation, said the committee would also probe the origins of the breach. If it turns out that a back door was included at a U.S. government agency’s request, he said, that should help change the policy debate. The earliest Juniper back door identified by researchers used a technique widely attributed to the NSA.  The NSA did not respond to a request for comment. Juniper declined to comment.  U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies have long lobbied in vain for legislation that would require technology companies to provide back doors in equipment that use encryption technology. They say they need such access to conduct authorized wiretaps and other types or surveillance. The technology industry has fiercely opposed any such  policy, arguing that back doors could be exploited by criminals or foreign intelligence services. The debate has heated up in the wake of recent attacks by Islamic militants, who make heavy use of digital communications networks. “How do we understand the vulnerabilities that created this problem and ensure this kind of thing doesn’t happen in the future?” Hurd said. “I don’t think the government should be requesting anything that weakens the security of anything that is used by the federal government or American businesses.” Juniper said in December it had found two unauthorized pieces of code inserted into ScreenOS that would have allowed whoever planted them to read email sent over supposedly secure connections known as virtual private networks, or VPNs.  After outside researchers picked apart the software patches Juniper issued to fix the problem, they concluded that one back door had been inserted in 2014 and one in 2012. The 2012 version, though, merely changed the formulation of a piece of software known as a random number generator, which is part of most encryption products. The random number generator used in the Juniper products, known as Dual Elliptic Curve, has long been suspected by security professionals of containing a back door engineered by the U.S. National Security Agency. Those suspicions were largely confirmed by leaks from former agency contractor Edward Snowden. Juniper said this month it would remove Dual Elliptic Curve entirely in future versions of its products. Juniper has not said how the code got there in the first place. It sells into defense and intelligence agencies, however, and major customers could have requested that the code be modified as part of a contract, former employees told Reuters this month. That is how Dual Elliptic Curve made it into a software kit distributed by security company RSA. The NSA is a logical suspect for the 2008 code insertion, said security researcher Nicholas Weaver of the International Computer Science Institute, while the offenders in both 2012 and 2014 are more likely to have been other countries. ",1
11058,Trump steps up attacks with 'bimbo' tweet before Fox News debate,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump on Wednesday escalated a fight with Fox News, using the word “bimbo” in a derogatory tweet about anchorwoman Megyn Kelly after pulling out of a debate only days before the first nominating contest of the 2016 campaign. Trump on Tuesday withdrew from the televised encounter, scheduled for Thursday night in Des Moines, Iowa, in irritation at host Fox News (FOXA.O) for allowing Kelly to moderate after her questioning angered him in a debate last year.     The real estate magnate, who is the Republican front-runner to win the nomination for the Nov. 8 presidential election, followed up with another round of insults on Wednesday. “I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct,” he wrote on Twitter. “Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!” In a later interview on Fox News’s “The O’Reilly Factor,” he told host Bill O’Reilly that she was “highly overrated.” “I have zero respect for Megyn Kelly. I don’t think she’s very good at what she does,” Trump said. Trump’s Republican presidential rivals were quick to criticize the former reality TV star, with U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas blistering him in a series of tweets and accusing him of “trembling at being questioned by Kelly.” At an event in West Des Moines, Iowa, Cruz openly mocked Trump, calling him a “fragile soul” and “gentle,” and renewed his offer to debate Trump one-on-one Saturday evening. “It’s not that he’s afraid of me,” Cruz said to the crowd. “He’s afraid of you. He doesn’t want to answer questions from the men and women of Iowa about how his record doesn’t match what he’s selling.” Another Republican hopeful, U.S. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, told Fox News that he welcomed Trump’s absence from the debate stage because it means “we don’t have to put up with a lot of empty blather and boastfulness and calling people names.” Trump’s decision means the last televised debate before Monday’s Iowa caucuses - which kick off the state-by-state nominating race to choose candidates for the presidential election - will not feature the man who has dominated the Republican race for months and leads many opinion polls. It was seen as a bold gamble. Trump has said that in lieu of his debate participation he will hold a fundraiser for veterans. It will be held at Drake University in Des Moines and begin at the same time Thursday as the Fox debate, according to an invitation his campaign circulated Wednesday evening.  “It’s a risky move; it’s very high profile,” said Craig Robinson, a former Iowa state party official. “But I’m not sure  it will really change anyone’s mind about Trump.”        Trump has been feuding with Fox News since the network hosted the first Republican debate in August, in which Kelly asked Trump about his treatment of women, prompting a stream of insults from the candidate and complaints he was not being treated fairly. He did not renew his attacks on Kelly during an evening rally in Gilbert, South Carolina, but told supporters to watch a rerun of the Fox interview, which he called a “tough interview,” when they got home. Cruz, Trump’s main rival in Iowa, used the hashtag #DuckingDonald to make fun of Trump for ducking out of the debate and tweeted a mocked-up picture of Trump’s head on Scrooge McDuck’s body sitting on a pile of money. Cruz, a conservative and a debating champion in college, tweeted a link to “duckingdonald.com,” which asked visitors to sign a petition in favor of Cruz and Trump having a side debate. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, another Republican presidential contender, described Trump’s decision at such a crucial time as “a big mistake” that calls into question his ability to be president. “Anytime you get a podium and a microphone and 15-20 million people watching in an election campaign, you should take it,” Christie told Boston Herald Radio. Another Republican candidate, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, said he wanted to focus on keeping the party united in order to beat Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state, if she becomes the Democratic nominee. “These kinds of theatrics by Ted Cruz and Donald Trump are an entertaining sideshow, but they have nothing to do with defeating Hillary Clinton,” Rubio said. Not every candidate was convinced Trump would follow through on his pledge to stay away. “He apparently is not going to come to the debate, although I’ve got a $20 bet he’ll show up,” former Florida Governor Jeb Bush said at a town hall meeting in response to a question. “Poor little Donald, being treated unfairly,” he said. Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, said Trump was not afraid to debate his rivals or take reporters’ questions. He added that Trump would be happy to debate Cruz if the contest, in which 12 Republicans are vying for their party’s nomination, narrows.  “If it comes down to a two-person race, Donald Trump would be happy to debate him,” Lewandowski told ABC’s “Good Morning America” program. Fox News, in a statement on Tuesday, said it would not “give in to terrorizations toward any of our employees,” but left the door open to Trump attending the debate. The event will be co-hosted by Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) Google.              “At the end of the day, Mr. Trump is going to have the last laugh,” Lewandowski told MSNBC. (This version of the story corrects 17th paragraph to say Scrooge McDuck, not Donald Duck)     ",1
11059,Trump wins endorsement from controversial Arizona lawman Arpaio,"(Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump won the endorsement on Tuesday of Joe Arpaio, the provocative Arizona sheriff known for his tough stance on illegal immigration. Arpaio joined the real estate billionaire in Marshalltown, Iowa, to voice his support before the Iowa caucuses on Monday, the Trump campaign said in a statement. The caucuses are the first contest in the nomination race for the Nov. 8 presidential election. “I have great respect for Sheriff Arpaio. We must restore law and order on the border and respect the men and women of our police forces. I thank him for his support of my policies and candidacy for president,” Trump said, according to the statement. “Donald Trump is a leader. He produces results and is ready to get tough in order to protect American jobs and families,” Arpaio was quoted as saying. “I have fought on the front lines to prevent illegal immigration. I know Donald Trump will stand with me and countless Americans to secure our border. I am proud to support him as the best candidate for president of the United States of America,” Arpaio added. Arpaio, 83, the sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, since 1993, has been found guilty of racial profiling in a federal court, and been accused of abuse of power, misuse of funds and unlawful enforcement of immigration laws. He bills himself as “America’s toughest sheriff.”  (Reporting by Eric Walsh in Washington; Editing by Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11060,Clinton targets Valeant price hikes in campaign appearance,"(Reuters) - Shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc (VRX.N) fell on Thursday after the campaign of Democratic presidential contender Hillary Clinton posted a blog from an Iowa event detailing exorbitant price hikes for a migraine drug made by the company. At an Iowa town hall over the weekend, Clinton read from a letter saying that the list price for 10 vials of migraine drug D.H.E. 45 had increased to more than $14,000 in December, compared with just over $3,000 in June of 2014. “This is predatory pricing. It is unjustified. It is wrong,” Clinton said, according to the post. Officials at Valeant did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Shares of Valeant fell nearly 9 percent to close at $86.12 on the New York Stock Exchange. More than 3 million shares of Valeant traded in the last hour of trading; total volume on the day was 7.9 mln shares. Valeant, based in Canada, has been under pressure since last year as cracks appeared in its business model of acquiring older drugs, steeply increasing their U.S. price, and using aggressive methods to overcome insurer barriers to reimbursing its medicines. D.H.E. 45, or dihydroergotamine, is a generic, injectable  analgesic. Clinton, fellow Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders, and Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump have hammered away at drug costs in recent months, raising investor concerns that future price cuts could hurt pharmaceutical and biotech companies. “I’m going after them. We are going to stop this,” Clinton said at the Iowa town hall. Trump said earlier this week that Medicare, the government-run healthcare plan for the elderly, could reap huge savings by negotiating with drugmakers on price. Medicare by law cannot directly negotiate drug prices. A U.S. congressional committee last week subpoenaed former Turing Pharmaceuticals Chief Executive Officer Martin Shkreli to testify at a hearing about that company’s decision last year to raise by 5,000 percent the price of a decades-old treatment for a rare, but dangerous, parasitic infection.  (Reporting By Deena Beasley; Editing by Tom Brown and Grant McCool) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11061,Huckabee says he will attend Trump event for veterans in Iowa: CNN,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, a candidate for the Republican presidential nomination, said on Thursday he will attend an event for military veterans being organized in Iowa by Republican front-runner Donald Trump, CNN reported. New York businessman Trump, who is involved in a spat with Fox News, has vowed to skip Thursday night’s Republican presidential debate hosted by the network and instead has said he will hold an event to benefit military veterans. CNN said Huckabee would participate in the Republican debate first and then go to Trump’s event.  (Reporting by David Alexander, Tim Ryan and Susan Heavey; Editing by David Gregorio) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11062,Campaigning in style: How Jeb Bush blew through his war chest ," NEW YORK (Reuters) - There were stays at boutique hotels featuring rooftop pools, private soirees at members-only, jacket-and-tie clubs and fundraisers at the Four Seasons, the St. Regis and the Mandarin Oriental.      In the world of Jeb Bush, the campaign for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination has at times been a whirl of private planes and high-end affairs, according to the federal filings of Bush’s campaign and his Super PAC, Right to Rise, which can raise unlimited funds for Bush as long as it does not coordinate directly with him.  It is not unusual for U.S. presidential candidates to fly private or even sometimes stay in luxury hotels. But some disgruntled donors say they are unhappy with Bush’s large outlays, which also include big spending on staff and tens of millions of dollars in ad buys.  Eleven of 16 major donors contacted by Reuters questioned whether it was money well spent, especially given how the one-time frontrunner has stumbled badly in the polls and is now facing questions about whether he should withdraw from the race.   In contrast to Bush, Senator Ted Cruz, who is running second in national polls of Republican voters, favors cheaper accommodation options like Holiday Inn and often flies on budget carriers, campaign finance filings through the third quarter show.  Several members of the Bush camp vigorously rejected the donor critiques. Bush spokeswoman Kristy Campbell said, “We are running a national campaign that is competing everywhere and we have made investments that have allowed us to do what serious campaigns must do to be competitive in the primary and general elections.”  Ad-tracking firm SMG Delta says Bush’s campaign and Right to Rise have spent $82 million on ads, significantly more than the three leading candidates in the Republican race: Donald Trump ($5 million); Senator Ted Cruz ($11 million) and Senator Marco Rubio ($49 million). The tracking firm’s data is more up to date than what has been reported so far in the federal filings.  “There is no return on investment on the Bush ad buys, zero,” said one high-dollar donor who asked not to be named, pointing to how the ads have done little, at least so far, to lift Bush in the polls or dent his opponents.  On Sunday, donors will learn just how much Bush has spent from his $100 million-plus war chest. That’s when Republican and Democratic candidates and their Super PACs release their latest campaign finance reports. What is known so far is that Bush and Right to Rise spent at least $82 million, both in operating expenditures through the third quarter of 2015 and on ad spending through this month.    The campaign finance reports also show that between June 2015, when Bush formally announced his candidacy, and September, the Bush campaign spent $1.2 million on private planes versus the roughly $700,000 spent during the same period by Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton.      Cruz spent $158,000 on private planes, and Rubio $293,300. Trump flies around the country in his own Boeing 757.       The former Florida governor’s spending pattern illustrates the limits of campaign donations: Even in an era when candidates can receive unlimited sums from wealthy donors, money doesn’t guarantee success.      “They are burning money,” said a second major donor, who, like all the other high-dollar donors interviewed, asked not be named for fear of displeasing the Bush family.  “Look, this is not the election cycle to be spending like a silver-spoon Establishment candidate,” said a third donor. “It just doesn’t look right,” the donor said, referring to the way income inequality has emerged as a key theme in the 2016 election.  Ambassador Jeanne Phillips, a member of the Right to Rise governance committee, laughed off the criticism.  “I’ve known Jeb for 30 years, so the idea that Jeb would allow anyone around him to be frivolous with money is hilarious, it’s ridiculous. The man is the most conservative, fiscally responsible person I’ve ever worked with.”  Bush’s campaign committee paid for all lodging on the campaign trail and the vast majority of private air charter, while Right To Rise paid for nearly all the known ad spending.      Money donated by both large and small donors kept the Bush camp traveling in style. There were stays at luxury hotels including the Wilshire in Beverly Hills, the Viceroy in Florida, the St. Regis in Dana Point, California, and the W in Stamford, Connecticut, the campaign finance filings show.  The filings do not offer a complete picture. It is not clear for example, how many nights were spent at each of the hotels or indeed whether it was Bush himself who stayed or staff members.  Bush isn’t the only candidate spending at high-end hotels, but it’s a high proportion of his overall hotel spending. He spent $125,000,or 70 percent of his total hotel spending between June and September on hotels defined as luxury or “upper upscale” luxury hotels by STR Global, which tracks supply and demand data in the hotel industry.  Cruz and Rubio each spent less on luxury hotels and a smaller proportion of their overall lodging expenses on them, at roughly 56 percent and 61 percent, respectively, federal filings through the third quarter show. Trump flies home nearly every night so he can sleep in his own bed.      The Bush campaign and his Super PAC also spent more than $400,000 on renting facilities and catering at posh venues, including the Union League Club and the upscale beachfront 1 Hotel South Beach in Miami, where the Super PAC spent $60,000 last year. Rubio and Cruz spent roughly $265,000 and $185,000 respectively.      Bush defenders said the spending on high-end venues was simply how the donor world operated.  “If you can hold an event at a fancy hotel and raise millions, then it’s well worth holding it at a swanky hotel” said Charlie Spies, counsel for Right to Rise.  Spies said Right to Rise had negotiated “below market” rates with vendors and consultants, including an overall compensation cap for staff.        Nevertheless the Bush camp has spent more on staff and consultants than any of the leading candidates. Starting roughly in the spring, Bush paid out about $8 million. Cruz spent just $2 million; Rubio, just under $2 million; and Trump, $1.7 million.  Overall, Trump, Cruz, and Rubio have spent a small fraction of the $82 million Bush has reported paying out. Cruz spent $18.5 million and Rubio outlayed $32 million, according to the filings made so far.  Bush is certainly not the only candidate to spend big on the trail. Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker, for instance, ran an expensive campaign and burned through nearly $10 million before quitting after three months.      Bush’s prospects were far brighter last summer. Trump had yet to join the race and Bush was making headlines for the size of his war chest. His Super PAC had just cracked its goal of raising more than $100 million in just six months — an unprecedented haul in American politics.      To celebrate, Jeb’s parents and family welcomed their large network of well-heeled donors to their oceanside compound in Kennebunkport, Maine, where attendees were treated to rides in private trolley cars, lobster rolls and group photos with the sprawling Bush clan.  (This version of the story was refiled to clarify spending in paragraph 25 to show it was by both the campaign and Super PAC)  ",1
11063,Governor extends Flint water emergency as state approves funds,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Michigan Governor Rick Snyder on Thursday extended a state of emergency in Flint until April 14, as the Michigan legislature gave final approval of $28 million to address the drinking water crisis. Snyder’s move approved by the state legislature means the state emergency declaration will continue as long as the federal emergency declaration issued earlier this month by President Barack Obama. The state declaration was originally set to end Feb. 1. “Extending this emergency will help us continue these efforts while working on long-term solutions to help Flint recover,” Snyder said of providing access to bottled water, filters and testing kits. Separately, Michigan Democrats in Congress said Thursday they want to win backing for up to $600 million in U.S. support of Flint. Senators Debbie Stabenow and Gary Peters and Rep. Dan Kildee of Flint said they will offer an amendment to a pending Senate Energy bill that would provide up to $400 million to replace or fix lead pipes. The proposal would require the state of Michigan to match any federal funding. The proposal would also direct $200 million in federal funds for a research center to focus on the needs of children and would also require the Environmental Protection Agency to warn the public of high lead levels in drinking water if a state fails to do so. Peters said Democrats also want a change in the law to allow the federal government to forgive $20 million in loans to Flint. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the Obama administration does not have a position yet on the proposal, and was not aware of any plans to place Flint under some kind of special category. Soul singer and Detroit native Aretha Franklin told MSNBC on Thursday she was donating 50 hotel rooms nightly and money for food during the crisis, and has urged other Motown artists to help. U.S. Representative Xavier Becerra, speaking in Baltimore at a Democratic retreat, said someone should be arrested. “What went down in Flint should cause someone to have a rap sheet,” he said. “There should be some indictments.” The Detroit Free Press reported on Thursday, citing state government emails released by liberal group Progress Michigan, that in January 2015 while state officials were telling Flint residents their water was safe to drink they were arranging for coolers of purified water in Flint’s state office building. The $28 million approved by the state will be used to provide bottled water and other supplies, put nurses in local schools and more. ",1
11064,Republicans raise concerns on visa waiver bill implementation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Five U.S. Republican lawmakers raised concerns on Thursday with the Obama administration about implementation of a law meant to make it harder for people to enter the United States if they have visited certain countries, in a letter seen by Reuters. Kevin McCarthy, top Republican in the House of Representatives, and four other House members said in the letter that the Department of Homeland Security is making overly broad exemptions to allow people to skirt the new requirements.  The bill was enacted into law in December following the Nov. 13 attacks in Paris and the Dec. 2 shootings in San Bernardino, California. The law was designed to keep people who have traveled to Syria, Iraq, Iran and Sudan from coming to the United States except through the normal visa process.  Under the existing U.S. Visa Waiver Program, citizens of 38 mainly European countries can travel for up to 90 days to the United States visa free. The new law required that travelers who have been to Syria, Iraq, Iran or Sudan since March 1, 2011, must get a visa to come to the United States. Several of the Islamic State attackers who killed 130 people in France held European passports that would have allowed them to easily enter the United States under the waiver system. According to the letter, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security is making exceptions to the new law for people who visited the four specified countries to do humanitarian work, journalism or for “legitimate business-related purposes.” “These exemptions from the travel restrictions were not provided for in the law, are contrary to congressional intent, and are in breach of the agreement we reached with members of your administration,” the letter said.  The lawmakers said the Department of Homeland Security must provide Congress with details of every visa waiver for those who have traveled to the listed countries on a monthly basis, including name and nationality of each traveler and the justification for granting the visa waiver.  The letter asked the administration to provide no later than Feb. 12 emails and other documents that led them to the decision on making exemptions. “Had your administration complied in good faith with the bipartisan agreement we reached, we would not be writing you today,” the letter said.  The letter was signed by Kevin McCarthy, Michael McCaul, Bob Goodlatte, Edward Royce and Candice Miller. ",1
11065,Bloomberg run could boost Trump's bid for White House: poll,"(Reuters) - A third-party presidential run by Michael Bloomberg would be a long shot for the former New York City mayor but could help real estate mogul Donald Trump if he lands the Republican nomination, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll.  In a matchup between Trump and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, adding Bloomberg’s name to the ballot would trim Clinton’s lead over Trump to six percentage points from 10, according to the poll conducted from Jan. 23 to Jan. 27.  In a Trump versus Democratic hopeful Bernie Sanders matchup, adding Bloomberg would erode Sanders’ lead over Trump to seven points from 12, the poll results showed.  In all matchups, Bloomberg himself would land just 10 percent or less of the vote in November.  The 73-year-old financial information industry billionaire, who earned a reputation as a social liberal with strong Wall Street ties during his time as New York City mayor, has considered a White House run for years.  According to recent media reports, he would be especially interested in running if Trump and Sanders win their party nominations, and would spend at least $1 billion of his own money to drive his campaign.  While Bloomberg’s chances in an election currently look grim, a possible silver lining for him is that he has yet to make a first impression on most Americans.  When asked, only 41 percent of those surveyed said they were “somewhat” or “very” familiar with the three-term former mayor. That compares with 66 percent for Sanders and 59 percent for Republican Senator Ted Cruz. Clinton and Trump, who have been in the public spotlight for decades, enjoy almost 100 percent name recognition.  The Reuters/Ipsos poll included responses from 1,673 people. It has a credibility interval, a measure of the poll’s accuracy, of about 3 percentage points.  Other key findings:  •If Republicans nominate Trump and Democrats nominate Sanders, about 37 percent of voters would support Sanders compared with 30 percent for Trump and 8 percent for Bloomberg.  •If Cruz and Clinton win the nominations, Clinton would win 38 percent of the vote against 25 percent for Cruz and Bloomberg at 10 percent.  •If Bloomberg ran against the current front-runners, Trump and Clinton: 37 percent would support Clinton, followed by 31 percent for Trump and 9 percent for Bloomberg.  (Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Tom Brown)  SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11066,"Data privacy bill in Congress, trans-Atlantic deal elusive","WASHINGTON/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate panel approved measures on Thursday that were causing concern in Europe among negotiators hammering out a new trans-Atlantic pact on electronic data transfer, an issue for many companies such as Facebook and Microsoft. In a step toward addressing global concerns about data privacy, the Senate Judiciary Committee approved legislation, headed next to the full Senate for a vote, that would give some Europeans the right to sue in the United States over allegations of electronic data privacy violations. But amendments were added at the last minute that raised questions from the European Union in Brussels. That is where negotiators are working on a broad “Safe Harbor” agreement, which faces a deadline next week, that will protect the free transfer between the United States and Europe of data such as web searches and social media updates. A previous Safe Harbor pact was ruled invalid by a top European Union court in October 2015 amid concerns in Europe about U.S. Internet surveillance. The Senate’s Judicial Redress Act, approved by the committee, is not seen as crucial to securing the new Safe Harbor pact, but European privacy regulators have been clamoring for passage of the act as a sign of good faith. “That is a very, very important signal of trust and reliability,” European Commission Director for Fundamental Rights Paul Nemitz told Reuters at a conference in Brussels. Complicating this gesture were two amendments, pushed by Republican Senator John Cornyn of Texas and adopted unanimously. One would limit the ability to sue in U.S. courts to citizens of countries already in an international data deal with the United States, such as Safe Harbor. Another would require the U.S. attorney general to certify that participating countries do not have policies impeding U.S. national security. EU authorities have given Safe Harbor negotiators until the end of January to strike a new deal. Several sources familiar with the talks said negotiators have made progress in the past week, but hurdles remain. U.S. Federal Trade Commissioner Julie Brill said on Thursday in Brussels that reaching agreement would require the European Commission to consider the changes the United States has made to its national security laws in recent years. Under the EU Charter, individual member states retain powers over national security, which in practice means Brussels is unable to negotiate with Washington on such issues, the moderator of the conference panel noted. ",1
11067,Senate panel approves measure to broaden North Korea sanctions,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate committee approved legislation on Thursday that would broaden sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear program, human rights record and cyber activities, the latest bid by U.S. lawmakers to crack down on Pyongyang after its fourth nuclear test. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed the measure by unanimous voice vote and members said they expected it would be approved by the full Senate within weeks, and signed into law by President Barack Obama. U.S. lawmakers have been clamoring for a clampdown on North Korea since Pyongyang earlier this month tested a nuclear device which it said was a hydrogen bomb. The U.N. Security Council is also discussing more action against the country, although it is not clear what would be supported by China, North Korea’s lone major ally and main business partner. The Senate bill would sanction anyone who engages in, facilitates or contributes to North Korea’s proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, arms-related materials, luxury goods, human rights abuses, activities undermining cyber security and the provision of metals or coal for use in such activities. Penalties include the seizure of assets, visa bans and denial of government contracts. Committee members said they wanted to make Washington’s resolve clear not just to Pyongyang, but to other governments. They said they expected the House of Representatives would back the Senate legislation. “We must also send a strong message to China,” said Republican Senator Cory Gardner, chairman of the panel’s Asia subcommittee and co-author of the legislation. An Obama administration official said the administration does not oppose the legislation, saying it is deeply concerned about North Korea’s recent actions and sees the most recent test as a “serious setback.” U.S. officials told Reuters on Thursday the United States had seen increased activity around a North Korean site suggesting preparations for a possible space launch in the near future, raising concerns that the country was seeking to develop an inter-continental ballistic missile. North Korea conducted a nuclear test on Jan. 6 that it said was the explosion of a hydrogen bomb, although the United States and other governments and experts voiced scepticism that it had made such a technological advance. The House passed its own, less extensive, bill to broaden sanctions on Jan. 12 by a near unanimous 418-2 vote. The Senate is due to begin considering the bill approved by the foreign relations committee during the week of Feb. 8.  ",1
11068,Biden sees growing progress in battle against Islamic State,"BALTIMORE (Reuters) - The U.S.-led battle against Islamic State militants controlling parts of Iraq and Syria is gaining steam and will show more progress by year’s end, Vice President Joe Biden said on Thursday. Biden touted the recent success of U.S. efforts backing Iraqi troops against the Islamic State in Iraq as part of a broad defense of Obama administration foreign policy. “I promise you, after Ramadi, watch what happens now in Raqqa in Syria and what happens in Mosul (Iraq), by end of this year,” he told U.S. House of Representatives Democrats, in Baltimore for a three-day retreat. Iraqi forces, boosted by U.S. training, have evicted insurgents from large parts of Ramadi, leading to speculation that they could have success elsewhere against the Islamic State. “We’ve taken back collectively 40 percent of the territory  they occupy,” Biden said. White House spokesman Josh Earnest, asked about Biden’s remarks, said he had not yet heard them. But he added, “Obviously, we’re going to need to get ISIL  leaders out of Mosul and out of Raqqa and that’s a significant task. We know that they’ve been dug into those cities for a while now, and that means it’s going to be hard to dig them out.” ISIL is one of the acronyms referring to Islamic State. The Democratic vice president attributed recent successes to more engagement by European countries and Turkey. “The president has finally got the attention of Europeans to pony up because they haven’t been doing much of anything,” Biden said, adding, “I spend too much time probably with President Erdogan, but Erdogan has seen the Lord. Things are changing because of self-interest.” Biden and Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan discussed ways to deepen cooperation in the fight against Islamic State in a meeting in Istanbul on Saturday, according to a White House statement on Sunday. ",1
11069,Sentencing of ex-House speaker Hastert delayed until April,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A federal judge on Thursday postponed until April the sentencing date for Dennis Hastert, convicted last year of a financial crime, because the former U.S. House speaker was still recovering from a stroke and life-threatening infection. Hastert pleaded guilty in October to a federal charge of “structuring” - evading bank reporting rules by withdrawing large amounts of cash in smaller increments - in a hush-money case stemming from allegations of sexual misconduct. The 74-year-old, once one of the country’s most powerful politicians, went to the hospital in early November after a fall, his attorney, John Gallo, told U.S. District Judge Thomas Durkin. Hastert was treated for a spinal infection requiring surgery, a severe blood infection and suffered a stroke, nearly dying, Gallo said. Durkin reset Hastert’s sentencing for April 8, from Feb. 29. Hastert currently requires 24-hour care. He is able to feed himself and is articulate, but a doctor has said he should not leave his home except to go to the hospital. Gallo said Hastert can still help prepare for his sentencing, and his doctors would know better about his prognosis in a month. Hastert faces up to five years in prison but prosecutors have recommended a sentence of six months or less, in exchange for his guilty plea. Hastert admitted to paying $1.7 million in cash to an individual he had known for decades to buy that person’s silence and compensate for past misconduct toward that individual. Prosecutors did not spell out the misconduct, but unnamed law enforcement officials have told media that it was sexual and involved someone Hastert knew when he was a high school teacher and coach in his hometown of Yorkville, Illinois, in the 1960s and 1970s.",1
11070,Senate panel approves Myanmar nominee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Senate committee approved President Barack Obama’s nominee to be ambassador to Myanmar on Thursday, after the administration assured panel members it would not quickly change sanctions policy as the country moves from decades of military rule. Republican Senator Cory Gardner said he had been concerned that the Obama administration would move too quickly to ease sanctions on Myanmar before it had made the transition to democratic government. But Gardner said during Thursday’s Senate Foreign Relations Committee meeting he had been assured that the sanctions policy had not changed, and that Congress would be “fully consulted” about any shift. The Obama administration has continued deep concerns about human rights and other issues in Myanmar, also known as Burma. U.S. officials have said they would watch for the democratic process to move forward before lifting more sanctions, which target more than 100 individuals and businesses and limit U.S. investment in the country. The 19-member panel approved the nomination of Scot Marciel unanimously by voice vote. He must still be confirmed by the full Senate before taking up his position as ambassador.  ",1
11071,"Santorum to attend Trump's rally, campaign says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum plans to join party front-runner Donald Trump at a rally in Iowa later on Thursday, his campaign said.  Santorum, a former U.S. lawmaker, will participate in the so-called “undercard” debate for Republican presidential candidates with less support in the polls before going to the event with Trump, who has vowed to skip Thursday night’s debate hosted by Fox News.     Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee also said he plans to attend Trump’s event.  (Reporting by Ginger Gibson; Writing by Susan Heavey; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11072,"Former Providence, Rhode Island mayor Vincent 'Buddy' Cianci dies","(Reuters) - Vincent “Buddy” Cianci, whose two stints as mayor of Providence, Rhode Island, each ended abruptly due to felony convictions, died on Thursday at age 74 after a brief hospitalization. Cianci, the longest serving mayor of Rhode Island’s capital city, ran Providence for 22 years in all, from 1975 to 1984 and again from 1991 to 2002. He attempted another comeback in 2014, unsuccessfully running as an independent for mayor seven years after he completed a 4-1/2 prison term for racketeering. Despite his convictions, Cianci remained popular with many residents. Supporters credited him with improving an economically depressed, once mob-dominated city during his six terms. The prospect in 2014 of another Cianci administration, however, was so abhorrent to the political establishment that even the Republican mayoral candidate donated money to his Democratic opponent and ended up voting for him against Cianci. In 1984, Cianci was forced to resign after pleading no contest to assaulting a man he accused of having a relationship with his estranged wife. In 2001, federal authorities charged Cianci with corruption in an investigation dubbed “Operation Plunder Dome.” Cianci, who maintained his innocence, was accused of overseeing a City Hall in which officials solicited bribes and engaged in extortion. His political saga made him a national figure. Journalist Mike Stanton chronicled the story in the book “The Prince of Providence.” Cianci eventually wrote an autobiography, “Politics and Pasta: How I Prosecuted Mobsters, Rebuilt a Dying City, Advised a President, Dined with Sinatra, Spent Five Years in a Federally Funded Gated Community, and Lived to Tell the Tale.” He also started his own line of pasta sauce. Elorza, the mayor of Providence who defeated Cianci in 2014, ordered flags to fly at half-mast. “Mayor Cianci’s love for the City of Providence is undeniable and his mark on the city will not be forgotten,” he said in a statement. Lieutenant Governor Dan McKee praised Cianci for overseeing Providence’s renaissance, while Rhode Island House Speaker Nicholas Mattiello called him a “giant on the Rhode Island political landscape.” Cianci hosted a talk show on radio station WPRO in Rhode Island, which reported his death on air on Thursday morning. Cianci was taken to a hospital on Wednesday night after falling ill while filming his weekly television show, “On the Record with Buddy Cianci,” for ABC6 in Providence, the station said on its website. Cianci had battled cancer prior to the 2014 election. ",1
11073,White House backs Treasury view that Russia's Putin is corrupt,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. Treasury official’s assessment that Russian President Vladimir Putin is corrupt “best reflects the administration’s view,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters at a daily briefing on Thursday.    Earlier this week, the BBC reported that Adam Szubin, acting Treasury secretary for terrorism and financial crimes, said in an interview the United States considers Putin corrupt. The Kremlin later described the remarks as an “official accusation.” ",1
11074,Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders in good health: doctor,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is in “overall very good health,” with no limitations on his work as a U.S. senator, his physician said in a letter released on Thursday. The letter from Brian Monahan, the attending physician for Congress, detailed the health of the Vermont senator, who is vying with Hillary Clinton for his party’s nomination to the November 2016 presidential election. “You are in overall very good health and active in your professional work, and recreational lifestyle without limitation,” said the Jan. 20 letter posted on Sanders’ campaign website. Presidential candidates often release such statements to assure voters that they are fit for the presidency. The race between Clinton and Sanders, 74, has tightened in recent weeks, and polls show the two in a statistical dead heat for the Iowa caucus on Feb. 1. The letter notes that Sanders has, over the years, been treated for conditions ranging from gout to hypothyroidism to diverticulitis. He has also had surgery to repair hernias and excise a vocal cord cyst, the letter said. The senator also takes levothyroxine daily and indomethacin occasionally, it added. Levothyroxine is used to treat hypothyroidism, and indomethacin is used treat stiffness and pain from osteoarthritis, according to the U.S. National Library of Medicine. Sanders’ main Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, released a statement from her own doctor last year giving her a clean bill of health.  (Reporting by Luciana Lopez; Editing by Richard Chang) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11075,Clinton: DNC should authorize additional Democratic debate next week,"ADEL, Iowa (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton called on the Democratic National Committee on Wednesday to authorize an additional debate in New Hampshire next week for the party’s candidates. “I am, you know, anxious if we can get something set up to be able to be there,” she said in an interview with MSNBC which will air later Wednesday. “So, let’s try to make it happen.” She said she would like to see DNC chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Schultz and the campaigns of the other two candidates, Bernie Sanders and Martin O’Malley, to agree to the new debate. ",1
11076,"Sanders meets with Obama, says president will remain neutral in primary race","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders had a rare Oval Office meeting on Wednesday with President Barack Obama, days after Obama praised Hillary Clinton, Sanders’ rival and front-runner in the race to be the Democratic presidential candidate in the Nov. 8 election. Emerging from the White House after an hour, Sanders said the meeting was “constructive” and that Obama was trying to be as “even-handed” as possible in the race, dismissing commentary that Obama was favoring Clinton, his former secretary of state. “I know there was some discussion the other day about a Politico interview, where he was tipping the scale toward Secretary Clinton - I don’t believe that at all,” the Vermont lawmaker told reporters on the White House driveway. While Obama has not explicitly endorsed a candidate, he showered praise on Clinton’s experience in the interview with Politico while noting that Sanders had the “luxury of being a complete long shot.” Obama suggested Sanders had not faced intense scrutiny and would need to broaden his populist message to go further in the race for the nomination. The Sanders-Obama meeting came just before the first contests to pick the Democratic and Republican nominees: Iowa, on Monday, and New Hampshire, on Feb. 9. While Sanders has surged in recent opinion polls, Clinton still has the edge nationally. Sanders said he received an overview of foreign policy issues from Obama and that the two talked “a little politics.” Asked whether Obama, who beat Clinton for the Democratic nomination in 2008, had given him advice on how to defeat her, Sanders laughed and said: “No, no.” Obama said he had a “good meeting” with Sanders and noted that he had previously met with Clinton during the campaign. “The goal is to make sure that all the Democrats, or folks running in the Democratic primary, are focused on continuing the progress that we have made,” Obama said in an interview with an NBC affiliate in Richmond, Virginia. Obama and his aides have regular contact with Clinton and her staff, which includes former Obama White House staffers. Clinton dropped by the White House for an informal lunch on Dec. 7 and had an hourlong chat in March. The White House visitor logs show Sanders making only one previous solo visit with Obama in the Oval Office, on Dec. 15, 2014. The White House said the meeting with Sanders had been in the works since Sanders asked Obama for some face time when he saw him a month ago at a holiday party for lawmakers. Former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley is a distant third in Democratic polls. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said he was unaware of any request from O’Malley to meet with Obama but that Obama would try to make time for him, if asked.  (Additional reporting by Ayesha Rascoe; Editing by Susan Heavey, Peter Cooney and Lisa Shumaker) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11077,GOP voters like Trump despite seeing him as not religious: poll,"(Reuters) - Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is seen as not as religious as other Republican candidates, but most Republicans think he could be a good president anyway, a new nationwide poll found on Wednesday. A Pew Research Center poll found just 44 percent of Republican voters thought that Trump, who identifies as Presbyterian, was very or somewhat religious. Another 24 percent found the thrice-married real estate tycoon not too religious, and 23 percent found him not religious at all. The poll also found that 56 percent of Republican voters thought Trump would be a good or great president, even though voters view being religious as an asset for U.S. presidential candidates, especially for Republicans. In contrast, 80 percent of Republican voters found contender Ben Carson, a Seventh-Day Adventist, very or somewhat religious, while 76 percent found that about U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, a Southern Baptist. He is running second to Trump in recent polls. Only 3 percent of Republican voters found Cruz and Carson not at all religious. The poll also found that 64 percent of Republicans consider having a president who shares their religious beliefs very or somewhat important, compared to 41 percent of Democrats. On the Democrat side, 65 percent of Democratic voters view former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a Methodist, as very or somewhat religious, while 47 percent of Democrats think that of U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who is Jewish. Candidates are seen as more religious by those in their own party, the poll found. The biggest partisan gap is in the views of Hillary Clinton: only 28 percent of Republicans think Clinton is very or somewhat religious. The survey also found the share of Americans who have reservations about voting for an atheist president has declined. In 2007, more than 60 percent of Americans said they would be less likely to support an atheist for president. That number has declined to 51 percent, the poll found. The survey was conducted between Jan. 7 and Jan. 14 among a sample of 2009 adults in all 50 states, with a margin of error of plus or minus 2.5 percent for the total sample.  (Reporting by Mary Wisniewski; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11078,White House declines comment on Johnson Controls deal to buy Ireland-based Tyco,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Wednesday declined to comment on the latest so-called tax-inversion deal by a major U.S. company, but said legislation was needed to close the loophole. Asked at a White House briefing about a $16.5 billion deal announced on Monday by Johnson Controls Inc (JCI.N), a U.S. maker of car batteries and heating and ventilation equipment, to acquire Ireland-based peer Tyco International Plc TYC.N, spokesman Josh Earnest said he would not comment on specific deals. “Ultimately, we need legislation to address this loophole,” he said. ",1
11079,Michigan governor names panel to fix Flint's contaminated water system,"(Reuters) - Michigan Governor Rick Snyder on Wednesday appointed a group of government officials, health and other experts to implement long-term fixes for Flint’s lead-contaminated water system, which has become a national scandal. The 17-member committee would recommend ways to help people exposed to lead, study Flint’s water infrastructure and determine possible upgrades. The members includes Flint Mayor Karen Weaver and county and state officials. Snyder, a Republican, also said he wanted the Medicaid social health care program to be expanded to cover all Flint children. In an interview airing on CNN Wednesday evening, Snyder said that officials expect a higher tally of children affected than blood tests have shown so far. “There could be many more,” Snyder said. “And we’re assuming that.” Democrats in the U.S. Senate were preparing to unveil legislation as early as Thursday aimed at aiding Flint, but would not provide details. It could be debated on the Senate floor next week as part of an unrelated energy bill, aides said. Activists in Flint plan to present petitions with almost 20,000 signatures to Weaver and Snyder on Thursday calling for a moratorium on water bills. Snyder’s team includes two people who helped focus attention on the water crisis - Flint pediatrician Dr. Mona Hanna-Attisha and Marc Edwards, a civil engineering professor at Virginia Tech who would oversee all state and federal water testing. Snyder is asking for $3 million in state funds for water bills. “Flint residents should not have to pay for water they did not and are not using,” Weaver said. Also on Wednesday, a coalition of Flint residents and national groups filed a lawsuit asking a Detroit federal court to compel city and state officials to replace all lead water pipes promptly and at no cost to residents. The National Resources Defense Council, the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan and Flint residents asked for relief for any medical harm suffered. Lead is a neurotoxin that can damage the brain and cause other health problems. Snyder has repeatedly apologized for the delay in addressing Flint’s problems, which have led some critics to call for his censure or arrest. Residents of the city of 100,000 people had complained for months about elevated readings of lead in drinking water and the blood of some children. Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette named a special prosecutor to look into possible crimes in the crisis. ",1
11080,Illinois governor fails to budge as fiscal deadlock drags on,"SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (Reuters) - Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner refused to step away from his stalled legislative agenda on Wednesday while insisting that a spending deal remains within reach, but his words appeared to leave his Democratic rivals unmoved. Republican Rauner and the Democratic-controlled legislature have been locked in a budget stalemate for nearly seven months. “To achieve a grand compromise, we must cast partisanship and ideology aside,” Rauner told the state legislature in his State of the State address. “We must break from the politics of the past and do what is right for the long term future of our state. I’m ready, and it’s my genuine hope that you are too.” Rauner, a political newcomer, became governor a year ago. The wealthy venture capitalist used last year’s annual speech to lay out an ambitious agenda that included business-friendly changes to workers’ compensation, a freeze on local property taxes, curbs on public-sector collective-bargaining, and legislative term limits. But Rauner’s so-called turnaround hit a brick wall in the legislature, where House Speaker Michael Madigan pronounced it “extreme.” The stalemate has left Illinois without a budget more than halfway through fiscal 2016. About 90 percent of state government is being funded through court orders, an enacted spending bill for K-12 schools, and continuing appropriations for pensions and bonds. In a nearly 40-minute speech that drew robust Republican applause but only a tepid Democratic response, Rauner did not  abandon his stalled plan and lobbed barbs at two primary Democratic constituencies.  “I understand that union leaders and trial lawyers are putting pressure on you to keep the status quo, but if we don’t offer a competitive environment for businesses, pretty soon the unions won’t have any more jobs to unionize and the trial lawyers won’t have any more businesses to sue,” Rauner said, producing sarcastic laughter from some Democratic lawmakers. After the speech, Democrats continued to balk at the governor’s agenda and questioned why he made no direct reference to the casualties of the budget impasse, including the state’s university system, rape-crisis centers and other human-service providers that have been deprived of state funds. “I certainly would have appreciated it had he done that,” Madigan told reporters. But Rauner’s GOP ally, House Republican Leader Jim Durkin, dismissed the speaker’s criticism. “Today is the state of the state, not the state of the budget,” Durkin said. The day ended with the spectacle of the lone public Rauner sympathizer within Madigan’s 71-member super-majority Democratic caucus lashing out at the speaker while appearing before reporters and carrying a red sleeping bag and backpack. State Rep. Ken Dunkin, a Chicago Democrat, used his props to dramatize his willingness to stay at the Capitol and even “shower” in the speaker’s private statehouse bathroom for as long as it takes to strike a budget deal. For a deal to happen, Madigan needs to “stop holding the citizens of Illinois hostage to his political maneuvering, to his political shenanigans, and actually get things done,” Dunkin said. ",1
11081,Trans-Atlantic data talks targeted by U.S. Republicans at 11th hour,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A senior U.S. Senate Republican took a swipe on Wednesday at an effort to forge a new deal on the movement of electronic data between the United States and Europe, such as Facebook user information, but it was unclear if he had jeopardized the unfinished pact. Seen as crucial to preserving the free flow of data across the Atlantic, an issue for thousands of companies, the Safe Harbor data-transfer agreement being negotiated in Brussels is days away from an important deadline. Amid growing concerns in Europe about spying by U.S. authorities on Internet data, a previous agreement was invalidated in October 2015 by an EU court. The new agreement would replace that pact. The U.S. Senate is debating related legislation, the Judicial Redress Act, and Senator John Cornyn of Texas told Reuters in an interview he would try to amend that legislation. “I’m for doing what’s in America’s best interests, not necessarily the interests of the European Union,” said Cornyn, the Senate’s No. 2 Republican. “I’m going to make sure ... that we don’t just try to do something to help them out and we don’t protect our interests.” The Act would allow citizens of U.S. allies in Europe to sue over data privacy in the United States. It will be considered on Thursday in a Senate committee, an aide said. It not seen as crucial to securing a new Safe Harbor deal, but its passage would send a signal of good faith to negotiators in Brussels as they scramble to meet a deadline, European officials and technology trade groups said. That message could be upended by amendments from Cornyn and Republican Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah. One would limit the ability to sue in U.S. courts to citizens of countries already in an international data deal with the United States, such as Safe Harbor, sources familiar with the language said. Another possible amendment would require the U.S. attorney general to certify that participating countries do not have policies that impede U.S. national security. Thousands of firms, such as Google and Microsoft, relied on the 15-year-old Safe Harbor for freely transferring trans-Atlantic data. EU data protection authorities gave negotiators until the end of January to strike a new deal before potentially moving forward with lawsuits. “Time is not on our side,”  Justin Antonipillai, a Commerce Department official, said at a conference in Washington this week. ",1
11082,Senate starts debate on broad energy bill,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate on Wednesday began debate on the country’s first major energy bill in over eight years, featuring measures aimed at protecting the electric power grid against cyber attacks and speeding exports of liquefied natural gas.  Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican chair of the Senate energy committee and Washington Senator Maria Cantwell, its ranking Democrat, urged lawmakers not to thwart passage of the bipartisan bill, which cleared their panel in an 18-4 vote. A handful of senators planned to file amendments to the bill  to spur legislative action on the water crisis in Flint, Michigan and to address other more contentious energy issues.  Aides said Democratic Senators Gary Peters and Debbie Stabenow of Michigan plan to offer amendments laying out a legislative response to the Flint emergency. They would not provide details on the amendments. Republican Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah and other western lawmakers are expected to offer an amendment that would make it harder for the U.S. Interior Department to move forward with a moratorium on coal development on federal land introduced this month. “Let’s show the Senate can work. Let’s not go crazy with a bunch of ancillary things,” Cantwell said on the Senate floor.  Murkowski said the bill is the result of more than a year of working with committee members to find common ground on a handful of key priorities. “We found common ground in many areas, more, perhaps, than any of us expected,” Murkowski said. The bill focuses on energy efficiency, infrastructure, supply, accountability, and conservation. Measures include expediting the permitting of LNG projects, natural gas pipeline permits, boosting hydropower production and improving defenses against cyber attacks on the electric grid. Murkowski and Cantwell tried to craft a bill that could pass with bipartisan support in an election year. In December, Congress voted to repeal a 40-year-old ban on exporting crude oil, a Republican policy priority. The deal also included the Democratic goal of extending tax breaks to boost renewable energy for five years. “Not only will this bipartisan legislation help bring our energy policies in line with the demands of today, it will also help position us to benefit from the opportunities of tomorrow,” said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. He told reporters he expected to complete debate on the bill next week. The Obama administration said in a statement it “supports some provisions of the legislation” but has concerns with a few elements. ",1
11083,U.S. Senate majority leader: Looking at ways to help Puerto Rico,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Wednesday said he was weighing options to help deal with Puerto Rico’s fiscal crisis but that any move by Congress to help the territorial island cannot cost U.S. taxpayers any money. McConnell, whose comments follow a letter sent earlier by Senate Democrats and independents, did not commit to any legislative action. ",1
11084,"U.S. government committed to helping Flint, Michigan, fix water problem: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government is committed to helping Flint, Michigan, succeed in fixing the problems with its lead-contaminated water system, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said on Wednesday. “There are significant public health consequences” to the contaminated-water crisis in Flint, Earnest told a White House news briefing. A federal official from the Department of Health and Human Services is in Flint, coordinating the assistance being provided by the federal government, he added. ",1
11085,Senate Democrats united on debt restructuring for Puerto Rico: letter,"SAN JUAN (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democrats, in a letter to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, on Wednesday called for congressional action on  Puerto Rico, demanding that legislation to resolve the island’s financial crisis include tools to restructure debt. “Restructuring legislation would not cost the federal government a single penny and would instead save U.S. taxpayers from the growing cost of inaction,” said the letter to the Senate’s Republican leader, signed by all 46 Democrats and independents. The letter is a challenge to Republicans who largely oppose letting the U.S. commonwealth restructure debt. Republican Senators Orrin Hatch of Utah, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Chuck Grassley of Iowa last month introduced a bill to bring Puerto Rico’s finances under federal oversight without providing for debt restructuring.  Democrats have argued that federal oversight should be conditional on allowing Puerto Rico to be governed by federal bankruptcy or debt restructuring laws. Hatch, Murkowski and Grassley are cc’d on the letter. “Puerto Rico was included in Chapter 9 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code until 1984, when Congress inexplicably excluded it from the nationwide approach to resolving municipal insolvency,” said the letter, a draft of which was first reported by Reuters last week. The letter’s broad support is key because, with 44 Democrats and two independents on board, Democrats could block bills that do not include a restructuring mechanism. Still, that is no guarantee that Republicans, who control Congress, will draft a bill that includes one. A restructuring option would be a coup for the island’s governor, Alejandro Garcia Padilla, who has long said Puerto Rico needs to cut its $70 billion in debt to grow its economy, a stance that has faced resistance from creditors. Aside from its debt load, Puerto Rico faces widespread economic strain, including a 45 percent poverty rate and a shrinking tax base, as a growing number of citizens jump to the U.S. mainland. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid, speaking on the Senate floor on Wednesday, said Congress must do more than hold hearings or create a task force on Puerto Rico, stressing that the island needs “to be treated as other American citizens and be able to file bankruptcy.” The letter comes weeks after House Speaker Paul Ryan demanded legislation by the end of March to address Puerto Rico.  “We urge you to match his commitment to act ... by the end of the first quarter,” said the letter to McConnell. ",1
11086,Trump pulls out of Republican debate in Iowa,"MARSHALLTOWN, Iowa/IOWA CITY, Iowa (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump withdrew on Tuesday from a debate with party rivals this week out of anger at host Fox News (FOXA.O), leaving the last encounter before Iowa’s pivotal nominating contest without the front-runner. Trump’s campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, told reporters after a combative news conference held by the candidate that Trump would definitely not be participating in the debate scheduled for Thursday in Des Moines, Iowa, and co-hosted by Google (GOOGL.O). During the news conference before he addressed a large crowd in Marshalltown, Iowa, Trump expressed irritation that Fox News planned to leave in place as a moderator the anchor Megyn Kelly, whose questioning of Trump at a debate last August angered him. He also expressed displeasure at a Fox News statement on Monday night saying Trump would have to learn sooner or later that “he doesn’t get to pick the journalists” and that “we’re very surprised he’s willing to show that much fear about being questioned by Megyn Kelly.” “I was all set to do the debate, I came here to do the debate. When they sent out the wise-guy press release done by some PR person along with (Fox News Chairman) Roger Ailes, I said: ‘Bye bye, OK’” “Let’s see how much money Fox makes without me in the debate,” the billionaire businessman added. Trump has been engaged in a public spat with Fox News since the network hosted the first debate and Kelly asked Trump about his treatment of woman, prompting a stream of insults from the candidate.  The debate is scheduled for just days before Iowa’s caucuses on Monday, the first nominating contest for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Trump’s campaign announced that instead of participating in the debate, he would hold a fundraiser for “Veterans and Wounded Warriors.”  Fox News responded by releasing a statement charging Trump’s campaign manager with threatening Kelly, saying during a call Lewandowski had referred to her “rough couple of days” after the previous debate she moderated and added that he would “hate to have her go through that again.” “We can’t give in to terrorizations toward any of our employees,” Fox said in a statement.  The network added that Trump remains welcome to participate in the Thursday night debate.  Trump’s Republican rivals quickly criticized him for opting out of the debate.  “The fact that Donald is now afraid to appear on the debate stage, that he doesn’t want his record questioned, I think that reflects a lack of respect for the men and women on Iowa,” Texas Senator Ted Cruz, who is in a tight race with Trump for first place in the state, said on Mark Levin’s radio program. “If Donald is afraid of Megyn Kelly, I would like to invite him on your show to participate in a one-on-one debate between me and Donald, mano-a-mano,” Cruz said, adding: “If he thinks Megyn Kelly is so scary, what exactly does he think he’d do with Vladimir Putin?” Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush criticized Trump on Twitter, saying: “exactly” in response to a conservative commentator who cast doubt on whether Trump could run against Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton if he were afraid of Kelly. In the Democratic contest, news channel MSNBC and the New Hampshire Union Leader newspaper sketched out plans to host a debate in New Hampshire among Clinton and challengers Bernie Sanders and Martin O’Malley, a few days before the state’s primary election on Feb. 9. But the Democratic National Committee raised doubts about whether it would proceed, saying in a statement it had no plans to sanction the debate. It left open the question of whether it would punish any participants by excluding them from the two remaining sanctioned debates. Spokesmen for Clinton, the former secretary of state who leads most polls, and O’Malley, a former Maryland governor, said their candidates would be happy to take part, at least in theory. The New York Times quoted the campaign manager for Sanders as saying the Vermont senator would sit out the unsanctioned debate. Trump’s blunt-spoken candidacy has boosted ratings for the Republican presidential debates. The August debate on Fox News drew 24 million viewers, a record for a presidential primary debate and the highest non-sports telecast in cable TV history. But a boycott could prove risky for Trump as Iowa Republicans seek to take one more look at who they want as their presidential candidate. Rivals like Cruz, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, Bush, and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson could reap the benefits. “How many debates do you have to do?” Trump told reporters. “The Democrats are finished with their debates. ... The Republicans go on forever and ever and ever with debates. We have people on the stand who have zero (percentage points in the poll), who have one, who have nothing. So it’s time that somebody plays grown up.” At his campaign event in Marshalltown, Trump expressed confidence in his position in the race, saying if he were to win Iowa, he could “run the table” and roll up subsequent victories in New Hampshire, South Carolina and beyond. “Iowa is very important. So you’ve got to get out, you’ve got to get out and caucus,” he told his supporters. ",1
11087,"Sanders would skip unsanctioned debate, campaign manager says: NY Times","(Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders would not participate in a proposed debate next month in New Hampshire that would not be sanctioned by the Democratic National Committee, his campaign manager was quoted as saying on Tuesday by the New York Times. Sanders does not want to participate in the debate on Feb. 4, five days before the state primary election, because he does not want to risk being denied participation in future debates, campaign manager Jeff Weaver said, according to the newspaper. It would be sponsored by MSNBC and the New Hampshire Union Leader newspaper.  (Reporting by Eric Walsh in Washington; Editing by Eric Beech) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11088,Cruz picks up backing of Family Research Council president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The leader of an influential Christian conservative lobbying group said on Tuesday he backs Senator Ted Cruz for the U.S. Republican presidential nomination. Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, said on Fox News: “I believe the one who is best positioned, best prepared to lead this nation forward, pulling it out of the tailspin that this president has put us in, I believe is Ted Cruz.” Cruz and billionaire businessman Donald Trump are locked in a tight Republican race in Iowa, which holds the first-in-the-nation nominating contest on Monday. Both Trump and Cruz have worked hard to pick up support from Christian conservatives.   (Reporting by Eric Beech; Editing by Sandra Maler) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11089,McCain vows to undo U.S. legislation that eased Russian rocket engine ban,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain on Wednesday said he planned to introduce legislation that would strike language included in a massive 2016 spending bill that eased a congressional ban on the use of Russian rocket engines. McCain told a hearing on the issue that he and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy would introduce the legislation on Thursday, the first of many actions planned “to ensure we end our dependence on Russian rocket engines and stop subsidizing Vladimir Putin and his gang of corrupt cronies.” McCain vowed to do “everything in my power” to ban future use of the engines, which power the Atlas 5 rocket built by United Launch Alliance, a joint venture of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co.  ",1
11090,"Ferrer victory was my best match, says Murray","MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Andy Murray thinks he played his best tennis of the tournament during his Australian Open quarter-final victory over David Ferrer on Wednesday after a tough few days when he was distracted by his father-in-law’s illness. The 28-year-old Scot came through a three-hour, 20-minute tussle with the Spanish eighth seed 6-3 6-7(5) 6-2 6-3 to take his place in the semi-finals for the sixth time in seven years. His win contributed to the best week for Britain at a Grand Slam for nearly 40 years, with Johanna Konta into the last four of the women’s draw and Murray’s brother Jamie into the last four of the men’s doubles with Brazil’s Bruno Soares. “I think today was probably the best match I played, especially in the second and third set. I started hitting the ball better from the back of the court. “Obviously the last few days have been tough and maybe I hadn’t played my best tennis and managed to get through.” Murray endured a worrisome few days after Nigel Sears, the father of his wife Kim and coach of Ana Ivanovic, collapsed in the stands at the Rod Laver Arena and was taken to hospital on Saturday. Sears was discharged on Sunday after being examined by a cardiologist and given the all-clear to join his pregnant daughter back home in Britain, leaving Murray free to focus on his tennis. The former Wimbledon champion, four times a losing finalist at Melbourne Park, has now reached the semi-finals or better at four of his last five grand slams. “Obviously I want to win these events. That’s why I’m still playing. After a tough year in 2014, I think I’m now sort of established again at the top of the game and giving myself chances. “That’s all I can keep doing. And working hard. I’ll give it my best in the next few days.” Murray will play Milos Raonic, who beat Gael Monfils in the last quarter-final, as he bids to reach a fifth Australian Open final.  Reflecting on the strong British showing, Murray said: “It’s pretty good for us to have people competing in almost all of the competitions.”  “It’s been a good Australian Open so far. Hopefully we can keep it going.”    ",1
11091,Clinton weighs making investment income taxable for Social Security,"Nashua, NEW HAMPSHIRE (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said on Tuesday that she would consider making investment income taxable through Social Security deductions in a bid to keep the government program afloat, the Wall Street Journal reported. Clinton, the front-runner for the party’s nomination in the Nov. 2016 contest, made the comments while campaigning in Iowa, where her lead has slipped in recent weeks ahead of the state’s early voting contest.  “I am worried about certain recipients because I think it’s important to enhance the benefits,” the Journal reported Clinton as saying at a campaign event in the city of Decorah. “We do have to extend the life of the trust fund and that’s going to take some new funding,” she said.  The newspaper reported that Clinton would consider raising to an undisclosed amount the maximum income that would be subject to the 6.2 percent Social Security tax. Under the current rule, money made from investments, as well as pensions, annuities and interest, are not considered income, and only the first $118,500 wages are subject to the tax. Fears over the solvency of the Social Security system have made it an important election issue. Clinton’s main rival for the Democratic nomination, Bernie Sanders, has described Social Security as the nation’s “most successful government program,” and has called for its expansion, which he says will be paid for by lifting the cap on taxable income above $250,000. Voters in Iowa will cast some of the country’s earliest ballot’s in the caucus nominating contest on Feb. 1.   (Reporting by Alana Wise; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11092,Former NY Governor Pataki endorses Republican Rubio for U.S. president,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Former Republican presidential candidate George Pataki endorsed Marco Rubio for the party’s presidential nomination on Tuesday, saying he believed the U.S. senator had a broad-based campaign and the ability to unite Americans. Pataki, a former New York governor who suspended his own presidential bid in late December, said in an interview on Fox News that Rubio’s experience in Congress will help him lead the military and stand up to threats from abroad. “I have no doubt that Marco Rubio is ready today to lead this country, to serve and lead as our president, and to bring us together,” he said. Pataki, 70, said he plans to campaign for the 44-year-old senator from Florida. “He’s someone who understands not just New England or the Northeast; he understands this country,” Pataki said. “I think he has the staying power and the vision to win not just the nomination, but most importantly, you have got to win the election,” he said. “And I think he will.” ",1
11093,Clinton 'happy' to join extra debate if other candidates agree: spokeswoman,"(Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton would be “happy” to participate in an additional debate beyond those already planned if the other candidates agree, a spokeswoman for Clinton said on Tuesday. Clinton is campaigning in Iowa ahead of state caucuses there on Monday that mark the first contest in the nomination race for the Nov. 8 presidential election.  (Reporting by Amanda Becker in Chicago; Editing by Sandra Maler) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11094,Trump says: 'Most likely I won't be doing the debate' on Fox News,"(Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Tuesday that “most likely I won’t be doing the debate” on Fox News in Des Moines, Iowa, scheduled for Thursday night. The billionaire businessman made the comment at a news conference in Marshalltown, Iowa, as the nomination race nears its first contest, the Iowa caucuses, on Monday. Trump has been engaged in a public spat with Fox News since a debate last August in which he said he was subject to unfair questioning by moderator Megyn Kelly.  “Let’s see how much money Fox makes without me in the debate,” Trump told the news conference.  (Reporting by Eric Walsh in Washington; Editing by Eric Beech) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11095,Democratic presidential candidates get chance for seventh debate,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. news channel and a newspaper will host a debate for the Democratic presidential contenders in New Hampshire a few days before the state’s primary election, but it remained unclear whether the party will relax its rule banning candidates from non-sanctioned debates. The news channel MSNBC and the New Hampshire Union Leader will hold the debate on Feb. 4 in New Hampshire, the second state in the nation to vote for parties’ presidential nominees following the Iowa caucuses on Monday, the Union Leader said on its website on Tuesday. But the Democratic National Committee (DNC) raised doubts about whether it would proceed, saying in a statement it had no plans to sanction this debate. It left open the question of whether it would punish any participants by excluding them from the remaining two sanctioned ones. Spokesmen for Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state who leads most polls, and Martin O’Malley, a former Maryland governor, said their candidates would be happy to take part, at least in theory. “Hillary Clinton would be happy to participate in a debate in New Hampshire if the other candidates agree, which would allow the DNC to sanction the debate,” Jennifer Palmieri, a Clinton spokeswoman, said in a statement. A spokesman for U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont did not respond to a request for comment. Both Sanders and O’Malley have criticized the DNC for organizing a relatively skimpy debate schedule. The DNC scheduled only six debates for its 2016 candidates, and, contrary to its practice in previous election years, forbade candidates from taking part in debates not sanctioned by the party. There were 25 Democratic primary debates in 2008 and 15 in 2004, both sanctioned and unsanctioned. DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz has dismissed criticisms from within her party that she organized relatively few debates and scheduled them at times when viewership might be lower than average in order to protect former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s position as the long-standing front-runner for the nomination. Sanders has recently been drawing near or even, overtaking Clinton in some opinion polls as the first voting draws near, beginning with caucuses in Iowa on Feb. 1 and the New Hampshire election on Feb. 9. “We have no plans to sanction any further debates before the upcoming First in the Nation caucuses and primary,” Wasserman Schultz said in a statement, “but will reconvene with our campaigns after those two contests to review our schedule.”  (Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Richard Chang) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11096,"Obama, Sanders to meet at White House on Wednesday: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will meet with Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders at the White House on Wednesday, the White House said on Tuesday. “The two will meet privately in the Oval Office and there will be no formal agenda,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. Sanders, a Vermont senator and self-described democratic socialist, is challenging former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination for the November presidential election.  (Reporting by Eric Beech; Editing by Eric Walsh) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11097,Eight Republican candidates qualify for Thursday's debate; Trump uncertain,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Eight Republican candidates have qualified for the prime-time Fox News/Google debate on Thursday, with Donald Trump winning the center-stage spot as the top-polling candidate, Fox News announced on Tuesday. But Trump said on Tuesday he likely will not attend the debate. This will be the last one before the Iowa caucuses on Monday marking the first contest in the nomination race for the Nov. 8 presidential election.  Trump has been engaged in a public spat with Fox News that began at a debate last August in which he said he was subject to unfair questioning by moderator Megyn Kelly.  “Let’s see how much money Fox makes without me in the debate,” Trump told the news conference in Marshalltown, Iowa. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, who failed to qualify for the main event in the last debate, made the cut this time. The other participants in the 9 p.m. EST debate will be Texas Senator Ted Cruz, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush and Ohio Governor John Kasich. Former Hewlett-Packard Chief Executive Carly Fiorina, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee, former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum and former Virginia Governor Jim Gilmore qualified for the 7 p.m. EST debate for low-polling candidates. After failing to qualify for a prime-time debate held earlier this month, Paul declined to participate in the so-called undercard debate.  (Reporting by Eric Beech; Editing by Eric Walsh) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11098,Falwell Jr. endorses Trump for U.S. president: campaign statement,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Tuesday won the endorsement of evangelical Christian leader Jerry Falwell Jr. for the party’s 2016 presidential nomination, the Trump campaign said. Falwell, the president of Liberty University in Virginia and son of late televangelist Jerry Falwell Sr., picked Trump because he believes the billionaire businessman could “lead our country to greatness again,” the campaign said in a statement. Trump has been vying with his chief rival, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, for the evangelical vote as the nomination race nears its first contest, the Iowa caucuses, on Monday.  On Tuesday, Trump celebrated the endorsement on Twitter. “Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!” tweeted Trump, who is a Presbyterian. The endorsement came a week after Falwell introduced Trump before a speech he gave at the Christian university. In his introduction, Falwell said he saw similarities between Trump and his father, including a penchant to “speak his mind.” Trump’s speech at the university was not without controversy. Trump was criticized by many evangelicals for mistakenly referring to a book of the Bible as “Two Corinthians” instead of “Second Corinthians.” Critics said the misstep called into question Trump’s Christian credentials. Cruz, the son of a Baptist preacher, made a joke of his opponent’s flub during a speech on Monday with a riff on an old Chrysler auto commercial: “Two Corinthians walk into a bar - Ah, yes, Ricardo Montalban - genuine Corinthian leather!”  (Reporting by Megan Cassella; Additional reporting by Amy Tennery and Eric Beech; Editing by Doina Chiacu and Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11099,"Sanders blocks Obama nominee to lead FDA, citing industry ties","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said on Tuesday he has placed a hold on President Barack Obama’s nominee to head the Food and Drug Administration, claiming he is too close to the pharmaceutical industry to be an impartial regulator. The move by the U.S. senator from Vermont comes one day after Democratic Senator Edward Markey of Massachusetts also placed a hold on the nomination until the agency agrees to reform its process for approving opioid painkillers. The nominee, Dr. Robert Califf, is a cardiologist and researcher who joined the FDA a year ago as a deputy commissioner. He previously held senior positions at Duke University, where he founded a large academic research center that received more than half of its funding from the drug industry. “Dr. Califf’s extensive ties to the pharmaceutical industry give me no reason to believe that he would make the FDA work for ordinary Americans, rather than just the CEOs of pharmaceutical companies,” Sanders said in a statement. A “hold” is a procedure by which a senator can prevent a measure from being voted on by the full Senate. Peter Pitts, a former associate commissioner for external affairs at the FDA who is now president of the Center for Medicine in the Public Interest, said no hold has ever killed a vote on an FDA commissioner and he does not expect it to now. “It would be very undemocratic not to let the other senators have their say,” he said. The Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions voted earlier this month to confirm Califf as FDA commissioner, a position open since Dr. Margaret Hamburg stepped down last February. Kevin Griffis, a spokesman for the Department of Health and Human Services, which oversees the FDA, said Califf “is the right person with the right experience to build on the FDA’s unsurpassed record of protecting public health while encouraging innovation and the introduction of new life-saving therapies to the market.” He added: “We would like to see him confirmed as quickly as possible.” On Monday, HHS said that addressing the opioid crisis was “a top priority.” Markey wants opioid approval matters to be reviewed by an FDA advisory committee and believes the committee should consider the risk of addiction and abuse during the approval process. He also wants the agency to rescind approval of OxyContin for children and convene an advisory panel to guide that process. Sanders said he shared Markey’s concerns about the FDA’s approach to opioid painkillers. Too many Americans are dying from what has become an “opioid epidemic,” he said in a statement. U.S. deaths from drug overdoses hit a record in 2014, increasing 6.5 percent to 47,055, propelled by prescription painkiller and heroin abuse, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The FDA does not control drug prices, but Sanders said that “at a time when millions of Americans cannot afford to purchase the prescription drugs they require, we need a leader at the FDA who is prepared to stand up to the drug companies.” Last year, he said, one in five Americans, or 35 million people, could not afford to fill their prescriptions. Sanders has made healthcare a key theme of his campaign to be the Democratic Party’s candidate in the November election. He is competing with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley. Califf is widely expected to ultimately be confirmed as FDA commissioner. “I don’t think Senator Sanders’ hold will slow the process down,” Pitts said. Califf will need to meet with Sanders and reassure him of the FDA’s independence, Pitts said. “In the meantime,” he added, “He’s made his point.”  (Reporting by Susan Heavey; Editing by David Alexander, Jeffrey Benkoe, Jonathan Oatis and David Gregorio) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11100,Sanders and Clinton battle for youth vote with college plans,"MANCHESTER, New Hampshire (Reuters) - Democratic presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are fighting to be best in class on an issue that resonates loudly with young Americans - runaway student debt. Days ahead of the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary election that kick off the party nomination process, the  White House contenders are shopping rival plans that would make college more affordable. Sanders is pitching a scheme to make public colleges and universities tuition-free, and Clinton is promoting one that would ensure students pay what they can without taking on crippling loans.  “It’s important (to address student debt), so I can actually do something with my life,” said Selena Alcantara, a 17-year-old freshman at Southern New Hampshire University, who estimates she will graduate $70,000 in the red. U.S. student debt has surged about 24 percent to around $1.2 trillion since 2012, according to the latest figures from the New York Federal Reserve, leaving many graduates with mortgage-sized tabs before they enter the workforce.  The problem is acute in New Hampshire - which stages its primary on Feb. 9. There, college debt runs about $33,410 per student, 15 percent above the U.S. average, according to The Institute for College Access and Success, a nonprofit advocacy group. Only Delaware has a higher figure, at $33,808.  While Sanders is leading Clinton in New Hampshire polls, they are in a dead heat in Iowa. Nationwide, Clinton has an edge with support from 55 percent of her party compared to 36 percent for Sanders, in the fight to win the party nomination for the November election. But voters aged 18-49, most likely to be affected by student debt, are nearly evenly split between the two, according to recent polls.     Democratic candidates have targeted the issue of student debt more aggressively than their Republican counterparts. Donald Trump and rival Ted Cruz, for example have not issued formal proposals on the subject.  TUITION-FREE VS DEBT-FREE     Sanders, who polls show is the favorite to win New Hampshire, has a plan that would make all state colleges and universities tuition-free, a $75 billion per year project that his campaign says would be funded by a tax on Wall Street speculation. “This country made a commitment a very long time ago to provide tuition free education from kindergarten to the 12th grade,” said Warren Gunnels, a policy adviser to Sanders. “And right now a college education is just as important as a high school degree was 50 years ago.” Critics have questioned whether the estimates for both the costs and financing are realistic. When Sanders outlined the plan at Southern New Hampshire University this month, the crowd of several hundred clapped and cheered loudly, even though SNHU is private and not under the purview of Sanders’ proposal. In contrast, Clinton has pushed a more cautious plan targeting “debt-free” college education, with proposals to increase access to tuition grants, push for income-based repayments, and - like Sanders - to allow graduates to refinance student loans at lower interest rates. Addressing a crowd of around 1,000 people in Manchester, New Hampshire last week, Clinton asked how many people carried student debt. “Oh my goodness. Yeah, me too, me too,” she said as hands shot up around the room. Her plan would require students to work about 10 hours a week and would require higher-income families to contribute. Her campaign estimates it would cost $350 billion over 10 years - less than half of Sanders’ price tag. “I’m a big proponent personally that the kids should have to have some skin in the game,” said Scott McGilvray, the president of the New Hampshire branch of the National Education Association, which has endorsed Clinton. Jennifer and David Speidel, an adult couple from New Hampshire, worry their children’s student loans will hit shortly after they pay off their own. “There’s no break,” Jennifer said. They are not the only adults who, for one reason or another, are dealing with student debts. About a fifth of households headed by people 45 to 54 years old have them, according to a 2014 study from the Government Accountability Office.  For students already enrolled in college, though, the debts are mounting even as the candidates campaign. “I try not to think about that too much,” said May Mullen, 19, another freshman at SNHU.  (Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Frances Kerry) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11101,Trump polls Twitter about 'biased' Fox debate moderator Kelly,"(Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump doubled down on his threat to stay away from an upcoming Republican debate, when he took to social media Tuesday to complain about one of the moderators, Fox News correspondent Megyn Kelly. On Tuesday afternoon, Donald Trump (@realDonaldTrump) tweeted “Should I do the #GOPdebate?” with a Twitter poll and a link to an Instagram video of himself complaining about Kelly of Fox News, which is owned by Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O). She is expected to moderate the Thursday debate.  “Megyn Kelly’s really biased against me,” Trump said in the video. “She knows that, I know that, everybody knows that. Do you really think she can be fair at a debate?” That same video garnered more than 190,000 views on Facebook in roughly an hour. The poll, which was embedded in Trump’s tweet, showed a near-split between respondents who felt he should attend the debate (52 percent) and those who felt he should skip it (48 percent). Overall, the poll had received more than 11,000 responses in the first two hours after it went live. Fox News appeared unfazed by Trump’s comments. “We learned from a secret back channel that the Ayatollah and Putin both intend to treat Donald Trump unfairly when they meet with him if he becomes president,” a spokesperson for Fox News said. “A nefarious source tells us that Trump has his own secret plan to replace the Cabinet with his Twitter followers to see if he should even go to those meetings.” Trump accused Kelly last August of asking him tougher questions than other candidates during a debate. His comments drew outcry, with some accusing the business tycoon of sexism. Trump’s bravado led some on social media to compare the Republican candidate to a pro wrestler psyching out his competition before a big match. “Not a chance he or she won’t show,” author Harlan Coben (@HarlanCoben) tweeted Tuesday, in reference to both Trump and Kelly. “This is straight out of pro wrestling hype handbook.” “I always think Donald Trump reminds me of a WWE character,” tweeted Rob E\m/ (@harvesterofsoro), “then I remember he actually was.” The WWE website lists Trump as a 2013 WWE Hall of Fame Inductee. WWE Chairman and CEO Vince McMahon is one of just 49 people Trump follows on Twitter. Trump leads a crowded field of Republican candidates vying to represent the party in the November election.  (Reporting by Amy Tennery in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and David Gregorio) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11102,Obama makes new push to expand retirement savings,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama will propose in his upcoming budget measures to help more than 30 million Americans save for retirement, such as automatically enrolling workers in Individual Retirement Accounts and making it easier for workers to keep savings when they switch jobs, according to the country’s labor secretary. Labor Secretary Tom Perez unveiled parts of the plan on Monday before heading to California’s Silicon Valley to meet with venture capitalists and technology executives about bolstering retirement savings. Obama will present a spending plan Feb. 9 to Congress that serves as an outline of political priorities but very rarely comes to fruition. This budget, proposed in the final year of Obama’s presidency, is expected to hit a dead end. The proposal would also allow smaller employers to create pooled 401(k) plans. The U.S. workplace is undergoing a transformation, especially with the rise of the “on-demand” economy, which will lead workers to change jobs more frequently and face new challenges in saving for retirement, Perez said. Up-and-coming companies that provide goods and services on demand through phone apps mostly rely on freelancers who are not tied to jobs and traditional employer-sponsored retirement accounts. Perez said the IRA suggestion, which has been offered in Obama’s previous budgets dating back to 2010, may have a chance. States have recently created similar programs and fueled some employers’ interest in a national plan, he said.  In a traditional IRA, investors only pay taxes when they retire and cash in holdings. In a “Roth” IRA, they pay taxes on the money they contribute but not when they withdraw funds for retirement. Under Obama’s proposal, employers with more than 10 workers that do not offer retirement plans would have to automatically enroll workers in IRAs.  Perez said the department received hundreds of thousands of comments on another effort related to retirement - a “fiduciary” standard that would require brokers offering retirement advice to put clients’ financial interests first. He said he expects the final rule to be released in upcoming months. The fiduciary standard has roiled the financial services industry for half a decade, and the department had to withdraw an initial draft of the rule in 2011. It is intended to end potential conflicts of interest and protect consumers from being sold investment products that do more to line their brokers’ pockets than meet their financial needs.  (This version of the story corrects to delete erroneous reference to MyRA in seventh paragraph) ",1
11103,Obama bans solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama in an opinion piece published in the Washington Post on Monday announced that he is banning solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons, citing concerns about its harmful psychological effects. The move comes amid a national movement demanding criminal justice reform, which was sparked by numerous high-profile police killings in recent years. In the opinion piece, Obama also said solitary confinement could no longer be used as a punishment for low-level infractions. He said the package of changes would include an expansion of treatment for mentally ill prisoners and an increase in the amount of time inmates in solitary can spend outside of their cells.  He said the changes would affect some 10,000 federal prisoners and stemmed from a review of the practice he directed the U.S. Justice Department to conduct last summer. Obama cited the story of Kalief Browder, a black 16-year-old who was arrested in 2010 and spent almost two years in solitary confinement in New York City’s Rikers Island jail before his release in 2013 and eventual suicide two years later. Solitary confinement, Obama wrote, is “increasingly overused on people such as Kalief, with heartbreaking results — which is why my administration is taking steps to address this problem.” Obama said research suggests solitary confinement has been linked to depression, alienation, withdrawal, a reduced ability to interact with others and the potential for violent behavior.  He said states that have worked to cut back their use of the technique have seen drops in assaults on staff and more prisoners engage in rehabilitation programs. Obama said he hoped the changes he has ordered in the treatment of federal prisoners would serve as a model for reforms by state and local corrections systems.  “There are as many as 100,000 people held in solitary confinement in U.S. prisons - including juveniles and people with mental illnesses,” Obama said. “As many as 25,000 inmates are serving months, even years of their sentences alone in a tiny cell, with almost no human contact.” Just last month, New York state agreed to end its “overreliance” on solitary confinement as a means to discipline inmates in its prisons, as part of a settlement to a lawsuit brought against the state by the New York Civil Liberties Union. California last September also agreed to sharply cut its use of solitary confinement as part of a sweeping settlement to a lawsuit brought by prisoners.",1
11104,Trump says U.S. economy in a 'bubble' he doesn't want to inherit,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, casting doubt on the nation’s economic health, said on Tuesday the U.S. economy is in a bubble he fears will burst and he does not want to deal with a financial collapse if he is elected to the White House. The billionaire real estate mogul cited the economy as one of the toughest assignments he would face as president if he wins the Nov. 8 presidential election, along with the Iran nuclear deal. “It’s a very daunting task, and we’re in deep trouble. The country’s a mess,” Trump told ABC’s “Good Morning America” program.  “We’re in a bubble,” added Trump, the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination. “And, frankly, if there’s going to be a bubble popping, I hope they pop before I become president because I don’t want to inherit all this stuff. I’d rather it be the day before rather than the day after, I will tell you that.”  Recent U.S. job growth has been strong and the latest government data showed that the nation’s unemployment rate held steady last month at a 7-1/2-year low of 5 percent even as more people entered the labor force, a sign of confidence in the job market. The U.S. economy is growing at about a 2 percent annual pace, but the manufacturing and industrial sectors have shown weakness. Slumping oil prices and slowing growth in China have cast a pall on the outlook for the global economy. World markets have slumped amid worries over China’s debt. “Look at the stock market today, look at it for the last week,” Trump said. “ ... We’ve gone down so much.”  In November, Trump accused the U.S. Federal Reserve of keeping interest rates low to help Democratic President Barack Obama, saying higher rates would burst the U.S. economic bubble. Obama took office in January 2009 amid the biggest U.S. financial crisis in decades, leading to bank and auto industry bailouts and a multibillion-dollar economic stimulus package.  (Reporting by Washington Newsroom; Editing by Will Dunham) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11105,"In coastal New Jersey, a flood of criticism for Christie follows storm","(Reuters) - Residents of New Jersey’s southern shorefront towns on Monday cleaned up homes and businesses flooded by a storm surge during the weekend’s massive blizzard and rued what they described as Governor Chris Christie’s dismissive treatment of the damage. The storm that walloped Washington and New York with about 2 feet (60 cm) of snow hit coastal Cape May County in New Jersey with tides higher than those measured during 2012’s Superstorm Sandy, sending salt water into properties and forcing hundreds of people to evacuate. Jim Hand voiced exasperation as he surveyed the damage at Fred’s Tavern in Stone Harbor, a bar and liquor store about 35 miles (56 km) down the coast from Atlantic City. Hand, a member of the third generation of his family to own the shop, said that the property’s kitchen, electrical wiring and floors would all need to be replaced. “We’re doing the same thing today we did after Sandy,” said Hand, 61. He was one of a handful of local business owners to criticize comments by Christie, a Republican White House contender who told CNN on Sunday that he had “no concerns” about flooding as a result of the storm.  “Keep this in perspective,” Christie told CNN during a one-day return to the state from the campaign trail in New Hampshire. “Cape May County area was the least flooded area during Hurricane Sandy and had almost no damage in that area.” No immediate estimate of the financial toll of the flooding damage was available but reinsurance broker Aon Benfield said that total insured losses along the East Coast will run into the billions of dollars.     Hand had no patience for Christie’s words, saying, “It shows you how out of touch he is with what’s going on in his state.” Angry comments from New Jersey residents immediately flashed across Twitter and raged into Monday, some showing images of street flooding and tagged to Christie with comments like “nothing to see here.”  Christie spokesman Brian Murray said that the governor’s words had been taken out of context. “Cape May County and lower Atlantic County did not sustain the direct hit from Sandy suffered by more northern parts of the Jersey Shore. But the governor did not say they were not impacted by Sandy,” Murray said. “He only cautioned news reporters to use some context when pointing to Saturday’s flooding in Cape May and saying it’s ‘Worse than Sandy.’” Sandy was directly responsible for 147 deaths in the United States, destroying more than 650,000 homes around the greater New York area and causing nearly $50 billion in damage. Christie said in a statement on Monday that he had sent teams to the storm-hit areas to determine whether the damage was  severe enough to seek federal assistance, a process that he said could take days. Children’s clothing store owner Maggie Day sprayed an anti-bacterial mix over her ruined merchandise as she surveyed the damage to her shop in Stone Harbor in Cape May County.    “I did walk away from Sandy with a lot of damage,” said Day, 39, who had to replace flooring, walls, insulation and merchandise after the 2012 storm and was working with a “water excavator” to get a handle on the latest damage. “It’s not even help that I’m asking for,” Day said. “It’s just a little bit of compassion with a public leader on TV. You can’t pooh-pooh it publicly when you’re a leader.”     ",1
11106,"Experience vs. Judgment: Clinton, Sanders vie for pivotal Iowa vote","DES MOINES (Reuters) - With Iowa kicking off the 2016 election season in one week, Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton tried to erase doubts about her judgment raised by rival Bernie Sanders on Monday while digging deep into her years of governing experience. At a CNN town hall meeting, Sanders argued that his own judgment, not Clinton’s experience, is the most crucial quality for the next commander-in-chief. Clinton, in response, evoked President Barack Obama, saying when he selected her to be secretary of state he gave approval to her judgment. “You have to have somebody who is a proven, proven fighter,” Clinton said.  Anxious to put down a threat from the democratic socialist, Clinton faced the challenge of convincing Democratic voters not to be swayed by Sanders’ populist rhetoric and to stick with her despite a clamor for candidates outside the political establishment. The town hall at Drake University lacked the feel of a normal debate. It featured separate appearances by Sanders, former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley and Clinton and all three took audience questions at the event.  Clinton was more animated than usual, raising her voice to make points, and Sanders made the audience laugh with some jokes. The overall tone was polite, in contrast to a more rancorous fourth debate between the three last week.  Sanders cited Clinton’s 2002 Senate vote to authorize the Iraq war and her prior support for the Canada-to-Texas Keystone Pipeline as evidence that her experience is misguided. Clinton has shifted her position on both issues, while Sanders opposed both from the start. “Experience is important but judgment is also important,” he said. Sanders also defended his call for raising taxes to fund a “Medicare-for-all” program, U.S. infrastructure and tuition-free college education. “We will raise taxes. Yes, we will,” said Sanders, a Vermont senator. But he said the money would actually save money for families because they would no longer pay health insurance premiums. Clinton has been making the case that her time as secretary of state and a senator from New York, make her more experienced. But on the town hall stage on Monday, she pushed back at Sanders’ judgment argument by evoking Obama, who remains popular with Democratic voters and was critical of her Iraq War vote when the two competed in 2008.  “[Obama] ended up asking me to be secretary of state,” Clinton said. “It was because he trusted my judgment and we worked side by side over those four years.”  Clinton, who lost the Democratic primary to Obama in 2008, was for months the clear front-runner to be the party’s nominee this time around, but opinion polls have showed a surge of support for Sanders in recent weeks. She argues that while Sanders’ goals on issues such as social inequality are laudable, some are unobtainable and he lacks the experience to tackle a wide range of issues. “When you’re in the White House you cannot pick the issues you want to work on, you’ve got to be ready to take on every issue that comes your way, including those you cannot predict,” Clinton told the Jewish Federation of Greater Des Moines on Monday.  Clinton also went to great lengths at the town hall to criticize Republican front-runner Donald Trump, particularly for insulting minorities. “He started with Mexicans, he’s now with Muslims,” she said. Clinton got some much-needed praise from President Obama in a Politico interview published on Monday, exactly a week before Iowans hold the nation’s first nominating contest for the November 8 election. While never explicitly criticizing Sanders, whose campaign is focused on pledges to redress social inequality and contain Wall Street excesses, Obama praised Clinton’s experience and suggested several times that Clinton’s messages are grounded in realism. “(S)he’s extraordinarily experienced — and, you know, wicked smart and knows every policy inside and out — (and) sometimes (that) could make her more cautious, and her campaign more prose than poetry,” Obama said.  (Editing by Mary Milliken) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11107,Franchises appeal Seattle minimum wage case to U.S. Supreme Court,"(Reuters) - A business group said on Monday it was asking the U.S. Supreme Court to hear its appeal of a lower-court ruling tossing out its challenge of part of Seattle’s law to increase the minimum wage. The International Franchise Association, which brought its lawsuit against the city in June 2014, says the law favors independent businesses because it requires franchises like McDonald’s and Burger King to phase in the new $15 minimum wage more quickly.  “Our appeal has never sought to prevent the City of Seattle’s wage law from going into effect,” association President Robert Cresanti said in a statement.  “Our appeal to the Supreme Court will be focused solely on the discriminatory treatment of franchisees under Seattle’s wage law and the motivation to discriminate against interstate commerce,” he said. The association’s lawsuit challenges the law’s treatment of franchises as subsidiaries of parent companies, rather than completely separate businesses. Representatives for the city could not be immediately reached for comment. Commenting on the lawsuit last year, Seattle Mayor Ed Murray, a Democrat who championed the wage hike, said: “Rather than investing in lawyers to prevent workers from earning higher wages, it is time for these large businesses to begin investing in a higher minimum wage for their employees.”  A federal judge last March denied the group’s lawsuit, saying it failed to back up its discrimination claims. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld that decision in September. The law, which took effect on April 1 last year, requires businesses in Seattle with more than 500 employees nationwide to raise their minimum wage to $15 by 2018. Smaller companies have until 2021. Seattle is among a number of large U.S. cities to pass laws raising the minimum wage above $10 an hour. The franchise association’s lawsuit could have an impact in cities like Chicago and San Francisco. The association said it expected the Supreme Court to say in the spring whether it would take the case. ",1
11108,Trump says not entirely sure he will attend Fox News debate,"(Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump said on Monday he was “not 100 percent” certain he would participate in a debate this week co-hosted by Fox News Channel (FOXA.O) because he did not think moderator Megyn Kelly could treat him fairly. Trump told CNN he would probably participate, but added: “I’m not 100 percent; I’ll see. If I think I’m going to be treated unfairly, I’ll do something else. But I don’t think she can treat me fairly, actually, I think she’s very biased. But that doesn’t mean I don’t do the debate.”     Trump added he had won every debate so far. “So I want to do the debates, they’re good for me, but I don’t think she can treat me fairly and I’m not a big fan of hers. Maybe I know too much about her.” Thursday’s debate, also co-hosted by Google (GOOGL.O), is the last one before the Feb. 1 Iowa caucuses, the first contest in the nomination race for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Later on Monday, Fox News responded to Trump’s remarks in an emailed statement it attributed to a network spokesperson. “Sooner or later Donald Trump, even if he’s president, is going to have to learn that he doesn’t get to pick the journalists - we’re very surprised he’s willing to show that much fear about being questioned by Megyn Kelly.” Following a debate hosted by Fox News last August, the real estate billionaire accused the network and Kelly of asking him tougher questions than those asked of the other candidates. Kelly responded that probing questions were part of her job. Trump also drew criticism at the time for comments that many people interpreted as suggesting that Kelly was affected by hormones during the debate. Trump’s blunt speaking style has boosted ratings for the Republican presidential debates. The August debate on Fox News drew 24 million viewers, a record for a presidential primary debate and the highest non-sports telecast in cable TV history.  (Reporting by Eric Walsh in Washington; Editing by Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11109,"Praising her experience, Obama boosts Clinton's pitch to Democratic voters","WAUKEE, Iowa (Reuters) - President Barack Obama praised Hillary Clinton’s political experience, a boost to her campaign as she battles an insurgent Bernie Sanders a week before the Democratic presidential nominating process kicks off. Obama’s kind words for his former secretary of state, in a  Politico interview published on Monday, will help Clinton as she tries to link her campaign more closely with the president and so draw in more support from his backers. While never explicitly criticizing Sanders, a senator from Vermont whose campaign is focused on pledges to redress social inequality and contain Wall Street excesses, Obama praised Clinton’s experience and suggested several times that Clinton’s messages are grounded in realism. “(S)he’s extraordinarily experienced — and, you know, wicked smart and knows every policy inside and out — (and) sometimes (that) could make her more cautious, and her campaign more prose than poetry,” Obama said. The interview was conducted on Friday and published a week before the Feb. 1 voting in Iowa, which launches the process to pick the parties’ nominees for the November presidential election. Clinton, who lost the Democratic primary to Obama in 2008, was for months the clear front-runner to be the party’s nominee this time around, but opinion polls have showed a surge of support for Sanders in recent weeks. She argues that while Sanders’ goals on issues such as social inequality are laudable, some are unobtainable and he lacks the experience to tackle a wide range of issues. “When you’re in the White House you cannot pick the issues you want to work on, you’ve got to be ready to take on every issue that comes your way, including those you cannot predict,” Clinton told the Jewish Federation of Greater Des Moines on Monday.  In an echo of that point that will be gratifying to the Clinton campaign, Obama said in the Politico interview, “(The) one thing everybody understands is that this job right here, you don’t have the luxury of just focusing on one thing.” “I think that what Hillary presents is a recognition that translating values into governance and delivering the goods is ultimately the job of politics, making a real-life difference to people in their day-to-day lives,” he said. Obama, who remains very popular within the Democratic Party, has said he will not endorse a candidate in the primary but has admitted he is watching closely to see who will succeed him. All three Democrats in the race - Clinton, Sanders and former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley - were set for a prime-time opportunity to make their closing arguments on Monday night in a nationally televised town hall meeting on CNN due to begin at 9 p.m. EST (0200 GMT). The candidates were set to appear individually on stage, fielding questions from the moderators and trying to make their final pitches ahead of the Iowa voting. In the interview, Obama took issue with comparisons being made by pundits between himself and Sanders. The Vermont senator is often described as an underdog candidate who excites young voters and draws larger crowds - as Obama did in his come-from-behind primary win in 2008. “I don’t think that’s true,” Obama said when asked whether Sanders reminded him of himself. However, Obama did note that Sanders had the “luxury of being a complete long shot and just letting loose,” while “Hillary came in with the both privilege — and burden — of being perceived as the front-runner.” Sanders’ campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, agreed they are not the same, but still pointed to a similar crowd response and said Sanders enjoys a similar momentum. “They’re obviously very different people,” Weaver told CNN. On the Republican side of the nomination fight, the battle for endorsements and voters gathered pace. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida appeared at a Des Moines rally with Republican Senator Joni Ernst of Iowa, who told the crowd she was not endorsing a candidate but called him “someone who is very near and dear to my heart and a good friend to me.” Taking questions from reporters after the event, Rubio expressed confidence in a solid finish in Iowa. Given his current place in the polls, finishing third would likely be portrayed as a victory for Rubio. “We feel very positive about it,” he said. “We feel a real good vibe here.” Iowa’s other senator, Chuck Grassley, raised eyebrows on Saturday when he appeared at a Donald Trump event. Grassley stressed he was not providing a formal endorsement. U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas picked up the endorsement of former Texas Governor Rick Perry, who dropped out of the presidential campaign last year after failing to gain traction. This was a first endorsement by a former governor for Cruz, who has received no endorsements from sitting senators despite serving in the chamber. Opinion polls show Trump, a real estate mogul, and Cruz locked in a tight battle to win the Iowa voting. Trump launched a video on Facebook arguing that the “establishment” is trying to undermine his campaign - a direct response to recent attacks by Cruz that he is part of the establishment. Being dubbed part of the establishment has taken on a strong  negative connotation in the Republican campaign as candidates presenting themselves as outsiders have risen in the polls. The video got more than 370,000 views in the first three hours. (Story refiles to add dropped first name of president in paragraph 1)  (Reporting by Ginger Gibson; Additional reporting by Susan Heavey and Roberta Rampton; Editing by Frances Kerry) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11110,Pentagon chief to preview fiscal 2017 budget on Feb. 2: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter is scheduled to preview the Pentagon’s fiscal 2017 budget request in a speech on Feb. 2, a week before the White House sends its budget plans to Congress, two U.S. defense officials said on Monday. Carter is expected to highlight the broad themes of the Pentagon’s budget request and its priorities, rather than presenting a detailed list of programmatic changes, said one of the sources, who was not authorized to speak publicly. A massive government spending bill enacted by Congress last year set a spending level of about $576 billion for the Pentagon in fiscal 2017, which meant the Defense Department had to trim its planned funding levels by about $15 billion. The White House earlier this month said it plans to release President Barack Obama’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2017, which begins on Oct. 1, on Feb. 9. Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N), maker of the F-35 fighter jet, Boeing Co (BA.N) and other big weapons makers are anxiously awaiting details about the budget and how it will affect their programs.  Senior defense officials have said that the $15 billion in cuts would largely come from procurement accounts since personnel costs and operations costs were harder to cut. Defense Undersecretary Frank Kendall, the military’s chief weapons buyer, told reporters last month that the Pentagon’s fiscal 2017 budget plan may slow production of key weapons programs, including the F-35 fighter jet.     ",1
11111,Fancy a 'political revolution'? Try 'Bernie's Yearning' ice cream,"(Reuters) - Bernie Sanders got his sweetest endorsement yet on Monday when one of the founders of Ben & Jerry’s unveiled an ice cream flavor for the Democratic presidential hopeful, inviting Sanders’ backers to enjoy a spoonful of “Political Revolution.” The flavor named “Bernie’s Yearning” is mint ice cream topped with a solid chocolate disk, to reflect Sanders’ campaign theme of economic inequality, according to Ben Cohen, co-founder of Vermont-based Ben & Jerry’s. “The chocolate disc represents the huge majority of economic gains that have gone to the top 1 percent since the end of the recession. Beneath it, the rest of us,” according to the label, which suggests eaters smash up the chocolate and mix it with the ice cream. “Nothing is so unstoppable as a flavor whose time has finally come. #FeelTheBern #BerniesYearning,” Cohen said on both Twitter (@YoBenCohen) and his Facebook page. Cohen launched the flavor on his own using “Ben’s Best” branding and said it is not an endorsement by Ben & Jerry’s, now a unit of Unilever, the Anglo-Dutch consumer products maker. Sanders represents Vermont in the U.S. Senate. Cohen has made just 40 pints of the new ice cream and is giving 25 of them to the Sanders campaign, he said on social media. The rest will be awarded in a drawing among those who register at www.berniesyearning.com by Feb. 3. Sanders is polling strongly in Iowa and New Hampshire against rival Hillary Clinton in the bid for the 2016 Democratic nomination. The first voting will take place in one week at the Iowa caucuses. By late Monday afternoon, #BerniesYearning was a top-trending hashtag on Twitter.  Earl Fando (@earlfando) tweeted: “Ben & Jerry’s have released an ice cream flavor named Bernie’s Yearning. Needless to say, people are reading the ingredients very carefully.”  Christine Odunlami (@christineodun) tweeted: “Not only can you #FeelTheBern, you can now #TasteTheBern.” Others took advantage of the opportunity to take a jab at the Sanders campaign. Wired-Up Patriot (@ADHDPatriot) posted: “#BerniesYearning ice cream: 1. Must wait in long lines to get 2. Very limited amount 3. Extremely expensive or for short, like #BernieCare.”  (Reporting by Gina Cherelus; Editing by Dan Burns and Andrew Hay) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11112,Senator Markey places hold on Obama's nominee to lead FDA,"(Reuters) - Democratic U.S. Senator Edward Markey of Massachusetts said on Monday he placed a hold on President Barack Obama’s nominee to head the Food and Drug Administration until the agency agrees to reform its process for approving opioid painkillers. Markey wants opioid-approval matters to be reviewed by an FDA advisory committee and believes the committee should consider the risk of addiction and abuse during the approval process. He also wants the agency to rescind approval of OxyContin for children and convene an advisory panel to guide that process. “Last year, the FDA approved a new pediatric use for OxyContin without convening an advisory committee even though its guidelines note that FDA decisions that relate to controversial issues or matters relating to children are particularly well-suited to advisory committee empanelment,” Markey said in a statement. A “hold” is a procedure by which a senator can prevent a measure from being voted on by the full Senate. The nominee, Dr. Robert Califf, a cardiologist and researcher, is widely expected to be approved when the Senate votes on the nomination later this year, although critics argue his ties to the pharmaceutical industry are too close. A spokesman for the Department of Health and Human Services, which oversees the FDA, said it had made addressing the opioid crisis “a top priority.” “Work at FDA and across HHS will continue on this important effort,” spokesman Kevin Griffis said in a statement. “HHS will be in touch directly with the Senator regarding his concern.” The Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions voted earlier this month to confirm Califf as FDA commissioner, a position open since Dr. Margaret Hamburg stepped down last February. Califf, who joined the FDA a year ago as a deputy commissioner, previously held senior positions at Duke University, where he founded a large academic research center that received more than half its funding from the drug industry. He has also led multiple large-scale, company-funded clinical trials and published more than 1,200 papers. His interest in streamlining the clinical trial process dovetails with those of patient groups and members of Congress who are eager to see new drugs brought to market faster. U.S. deaths from drug overdoses hit a record in 2014, increasing 6.5 percent to 47,055, propelled by prescription painkiller and heroin abuse, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Drug overdoses are seen as a major contributor to recently rising death rates among middle-aged white Americans. Since 2000, deaths from powerful, highly addictive opioids have jumped 200 percent, the CDC said, with those addicted to prescription painkillers, such as hydrocodone, increasingly turning to widely available, often cheaper heroin. ",1
11113,North Carolina's voter ID law goes on trial,"WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - Minority voters in North Carolina will have a harder time casting a ballot this presidential election year if a judge allows a law requiring photo identification at the polls to take effect, challengers of the law said in federal court on Monday. But a lawyer representing the state said only a small number of people may not have the necessary forms of identification and exceptions will be allowed under an amended version of the measure. “It’s a policy question,” lawyer Thomas Farr said. “The evidence here does not rise anywhere close to showing a discriminatory intent.” The trial in Winston-Salem is one of several closely watched voting rights battles that will play out across the country as Democrats and Republicans fight for the White House in November.  Democrats argue voter ID laws passed by Republican-led state legislatures target voters who typically support the Democratic party. Proponents of the measures say they are intended to prevent voter fraud. The case in North Carolina tests a key piece of broad voting restrictions passed soon after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2013 that states with a history of discrimination no longer needed federal approval for voting law changes affecting minorities. The U.S. Justice Department and National Association for the Advancement of Colored People argue North Carolina’s revised voting protocol disproportionately burdens African-Americans and Hispanics, who are more likely than whites to lack the acceptable forms of identification. The law “threatens to deter, confuse and disenfranchise voters,” said Michael Glick, a lawyer representing the NAACP. “It sets out to solve a problem that never existed.” Last summer, U.S. District Judge Thomas Schroeder heard arguments about the state’s decision to shorten its early voting period, end same-day registration, eliminate pre-registration for 16- and 17-year-olds and stop provisional ballots cast outside the correct precinct from being counted. He has not issued a decision. The voter ID requirement is getting a separate vetting after lawmakers amended it in 2015 ahead of the initial trial. Now voters who cite a “reasonable impediment” to being able to obtain acceptable identification will be allowed to cast a provisional ballot. South Carolina is the only other state with a reasonable impediment provision, Farr said. Challengers said the law remains discriminatory and could give election workers too much discretion. It is unknown if Schroeder will rule before the state’s presidential primaries in March. ",1
11114,White House welcomes Supreme Court ruling on electricity markets rule,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court’s decision to uphold a federal rule for electricity markets that encouraged grid operators to pay large users to reduce consumption at peak times is good news for consumers and clean energy, the White House said on Monday. “This decision allows us to continue realizing billions in annual savings from innovative incentives and business models that ensure we use our electricity system efficiently as we integrate more energy efficiency and renewable energy onto the power grid,” White House spokesman Frank Benenati said in a statement. ",1
11115,Obama: Sanders has 'luxury' of being long shot in Democratic race,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders has had the “luxury of being a complete long shot” so far in the race to be the U.S. Democratic presidential candidate, President Barack Obama said in an interview published by Politico on Monday. Obama said both Sanders and Hillary Clinton, his former Secretary of State, share similar views on core issues like income inequality, but said Clinton faces the disadvantage of being well-known “in a culture in which new is always better.” “I think Bernie came in with the luxury of being a complete long shot and just letting loose,” Obama told the political news website. “I think Hillary came in with the both privilege and burden of being perceived as the front-runner.”  Obama, who won the Democratic nomination over Clinton in 2008, lauded her experience, saying it will help her govern if she wins but described her campaign as “cautious.” “Her strengths, which are the fact that she’s extraordinarily experienced, and, you know, wicked smart and knows every policy inside and out, sometimes could make her more cautious and her campaign more prose than poetry,” he said. The interview was the first time Obama discussed in detail the Democratic race and comes just ahead of the first contests to pick a nominee for the November election: Iowa, on Feb. 1, and New Hampshire, on Feb. 9. He did not explicitly endorse a candidate, and mentioned only once in passing former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley, who trails in polls. Sanders has surged in recent polls in Iowa and leads Clinton in New Hampshire. Still, Clinton holds the edge nationally, with nearly 56 percent support to Sanders’ 36 percent in the most recent Reuters/Ipsos polling.  Still Obama, asked whether Sanders reminded him of himself, told Politico: “I don’t think that’s true.” Sanders’ campaign manager Jeff Weaver on Monday also rejected the idea that Sanders is a repeat of Obama, although he pointed to similarities in their campaigns’ momentum and the large crowds their rallies have attracted. “They’re obviously very different people,” Weaver told CNN. Obama said if Sanders wins Iowa or New Hampshire, he will face the intense scrutiny the media has long given Clinton, subjecting him and his policies “to a rigor that hasn’t happened yet.” Obama also said Sanders would need to broaden his message to continue to succeed. “I will say that the longer you go in the process, the more you’re going to have to pass a series of hurdles that the voters are going to put in front of you, because the one thing everybody understands is that [with] this job right here, you don’t have the luxury of just focusing on one thing,” he said.  (Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Additional reporting by Susan Heavey; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11116,U.S. top court declines to revive North Dakota abortion limits,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday rejected North Dakota’s bid to revive a restrictive Republican-backed law struck down by a lower court that would ban most abortions once a fetal heartbeat can be detected, as early as six weeks after conception. The court turned away the state’s appeal, leaving in place a July 2015 ruling by the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that blocked the 2013 law. North Dakota’s law was among the strictest of a series of statutes passed at the state level imposing limits on abortion. The law was challenged by North Dakota’s only abortion clinic, the Red River Women’s Clinic in Fargo. In a separate case, the high court is due to hear arguments on March 2 in a challenge by abortion providers to parts of a restrictive, Republican-backed Texas law they contend are aimed at shutting clinics that perform the procedure. It will be the court’s first abortion case since 2007. In the North Dakota case, the appeals court had said it was bound in its ruling by U.S. Supreme Court precedent on abortion, which holds that states may not prohibit abortions before a fetus reaches viability. But the appeals court said “good reasons exist” for the high court to re-evaluate its past abortion decisions in light of medical and scientific advances that show the concept of viability is subject to change. Republican backers of the North Dakota law had said 40 years of medical advancements should not be ignored. Opponents said a ban at six weeks would mean abortion would be outlawed at a gestation time when many women do not yet even know they are pregnant. On Jan. 19, the high court refused to hear a similar case in which Arkansas sought to revive a Republican-backed law also blocked by lower courts that would ban abortions after 12 weeks of pregnancy. The high court legalized abortion in 1973, but abortion remains a contentious issue among Americans. Some states, particularly those governed by Republicans, have sought to chip away at a woman’s right to end a pregnancy by passing laws imposing a number of restrictions. Viability, according to medical experts, occurs around 23 to 24 weeks into a pregnancy. Lawmakers in North Dakota, Arkansas and other conservative states have sought to ban abortions at an earlier stage, citing among other things hotly debated medical research suggesting a fetus feels pain starting at 20 weeks of gestation.  The North Dakota case was 15-627, Stenehjem v. MKB Management, U.S. Supreme Court, No. 15-627. ",1
11117,"Watch out frontrunners, over 1,500 candidates vying for White House","CHICAGO (Reuters) - Michael Petyo is a carpenter, a U.S. Navy veteran, a grandfather and Russian Orthodox church cantor who likes to boast about his homemade nut rolls. He also happens to be a candidate for president of the United States. The 66-year-old Indiana man has no big financial backers, little political experience outside of two failed runs for Congress and his odds of winning are almost nil. But that has not stopped him from thinking he is the one to succeed President Barack Obama. Petyo is among a rising number of Americans who aspire to be president, due to what psychology experts describe as growing narcissism, distrust of leadership and the power of social media to reach the public.      Joining more than 1,500 others, according to the Federal Election Commission, Petyo admits he is a long shot, but figures he just needs some attention: “How do they know I’m not the next guy waiting in the wings?” The number of candidates seeking the White House has more than tripled from 417 in 2012, though some entrants have penned in possibly fictitious names such as “Disco Daddy” and “Darth Vader.”  Their ranks include Susan Young, a California social studies teacher aiming to give her students a lesson in democracy, Terry Jones, the Florida pastor known for organizing Koran burnings, and anti-virus software pioneer John McAfee. Another candidate, Edie Bukewihge, included her grandma’s chili recipe on her web site: www.vote4edie.org, along with the promise that the last two years of her term could be boring because she will have repaired the country’s “damages.” These hopefuls are not a factor in polls that show businessman Donald Trump and U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas battling for the Republican nomination and U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton leading the Democratic field ahead of next month’s Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire primary. But a lack of attention has not diminished Petyo’s enthusiasm. He frequently compares himself to the Bible’s David, the shepherd who God chose to be king. Like David, “words flow from my lips like honey from a hive,” Petyo said. Petyo meets the Constitutional requirements for the job - he’s at least 35 and a natural born U.S. citizen. “I don’t see how anybody can represent the people unless they’re one with the people,” said Petyo, who owns a construction company and has been handing out business cards at political events around the Midwest. He posts policy positions at www.petyoforpresident.com In an interview, Petyo espoused conspiracy theories, claiming the Internal Revenue Service’s home is in Puerto Rico, al Qaeda members who carried out the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks had help from inside the U.S. government and the Federal Emergency Management Agency is setting up detainment camps around the country. For candidates like Petyo, the important thing is finding Americans who will listen to them, said Bart Rossi, a political psychologist. “They want to get their thoughts and ideas out there,” said Rossi. “They want to be on the playing field even if they’re not going to win the game.” Michael Maccoby, a psychoanalyst and leadership expert, said the world is going through deep changes, and more people distrust current leaders. “It’s understandable that you have a lot of people thinking they’ve got the answer,” he said. Petyo is a Republican, but shuns party labels as he supports unions, a typical Democratic position, while espousing the belief that U.S. companies should pay little or no taxes. He should receive at least one vote. His long-time friend and supporter Jim Wright, a 65-year-old retired engineer who hands out flyers for the candidate, said he will vote for Petyo even though he doesn’t have a “snowball’s chance in hell.” ",1
11118,"Vice President Biden, Turkey's Erdogan discuss fight against Islamic State","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said Vice President Joe Biden and Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan discussed ways to deepen cooperation in the fight against Islamic State in a meeting on Saturday in Istanbul. Biden and Erdogan also talked about the “importance of de-escalating recent tensions between Turkey and Iraq in a manner that respects Iraqi sovereignty,” the White House said in a statement released on Sunday.       ",1
11119,"Sanders, Clinton cool to Bloomberg's possible entry into 2016 race","DES MOINES, Iowa/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidates gave a cool reception on Sunday to former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s potential independent White House run, with Bernie Sanders saying it would add another billionaire like Republican Donald Trump to the race. With eight days to go until Iowa holds the first nominating contest on the road to the Nov. 8 presidential election, Republican Senator Marco Rubio basked in the glow of an  endorsement from the Des Moines Register, the state’s biggest newspaper.  The weekend disclosure from a source close to the situation that Bloomberg is laying the groundwork for a run that he could launch should Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton falter, sent shock waves rippling through the entire presidential field. Sanders, a democratic socialist and Vermont senator who is threatening Clinton in Iowa and New Hampshire, told ABC’s “This Week” program that Bloomberg’s entry would add a second billionaire to the field. Trump, a real estate mogul, is leading the crowded Republican field. Sanders has railed against “millionaires and billionaires” and the political power they wield throughout his insurgent campaign for the Democratic nomination. “That is not what, to my view, American democracy is supposed to be about, a contest between billionaires. If that takes place, I am confident that we will win it,” Sanders said. Many analysts believe a Bloomberg entry into the race could siphon Democratic votes and be another blow to Clinton, a former secretary of state and the wife of former President Bill Clinton. An independent bid would be a heavy lift for Bloomberg. The last major third-party candidate, Ross Perot, won 18.9 percent of the vote in 1992, which some observers believe enabled Bill Clinton to defeat President George H.W. Bush. Hillary Clinton, who won the Register’s endorsement on the Democratic side on Saturday, said she expected to negate Bloomberg’s rationale for running. “He’s a good friend of mine and I am going to do the best I can that I get the nomination and we’ll go from there,” she told NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “The way I read what he said is that if I didn’t get the nomination, he would do it. ... I will relieve him of that,” she said. Bloomberg, 73, a media magnate who has long privately flirted with the idea of a presidential run, served as mayor of New York from 2002 to 2013. He switched his party affiliation from Republican to independent in 2007 and has spent millions in recent years on national campaigns to tighten U.S. gun laws and reform immigration. Trump noted that he and Bloomberg had differences on the issues of gun control and abortion and that he would love to run against him. Bloomberg favors preserving a woman’s right to an abortion. “I know Michael very well and would love to compete with him. He is very opposite from me on guns and pro-life. ... I would love to have Michael get in the race,” Trump told CNN. Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush told the ABC program that Bloomberg had been a “great mayor,” who was unlikely to get into the race unless Trump and Sanders were the parties’ nominees. “But that’s way off into the future,” Bush said. Rubio, at a town hall meeting in Marion, Iowa, brought up Bloomberg’s attempts for more gun control. He said he had been asked in a television interview to comment on Bloomberg’s potential candidacy. “I said he’s not a candidate. If he gets in, we’ll talk about his record and his hatred for the Second Amendment,” Rubio said, referring to the constitutional amendment granting Americans the right to bear arms. Bloomberg’s news service competes with Reuters.  (Additional reporting by Julia Edwards in Washington; Editing by Paul Simao and Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11120,Michael Bloomberg may launch independent U.S. presidential bid: source,"(Reuters) - Michael Bloomberg, the billionaire former mayor of New York City, has told his aides to draw up plans for an independent campaign for the U.S. presidency, according to a source familiar with the situation. Bloomberg has advised friends and associates that he would be willing to spend at least $1 billion of his own money on a campaign for the November 2016 election, according to the source, who spoke on condition on anonymity to discuss the former mayor’s thinking.  News of Bloomberg mulling a presidential run was first reported Saturday by the New York Times. Bloomberg, 73, has given himself an early March deadline for entering the race, the source said, after commissioning a poll in December to see how he would fare against Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, the Republican and Democratic frontrunners.  No third-party candidate has ever won a U.S. presidential election. But Bloomberg, who has close Wall Street ties and liberal social views, sees an opening for his candidacy if Republicans nominate Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz and the Democrats nominate Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, the source said. Bloomberg, who has long privately flirted with the idea of mounting a presidential run, served as mayor of New York City from 2002 to 2013. He switched his party affiliation from Republican to independent in 2007 and in recent years has spent millions on national campaigns to tighten U.S. gun laws and reform immigration. One unnamed Bloomberg adviser told the Times the former mayor believes voters want “a non-ideological, bipartisan, results-oriented vision” that has not been offered in the 2016 election cycle by either political party. A well-financed presidential run by Bloomberg would likely disrupt the dynamics of the election, but the billionaire would face significant hurdles in a race that has been in full swing for nearly a year. Though no third-party candidate has ever claimed the White House, several previous bids have affected the overall makeup of the race. In 1992 Texas businessman Ross Perot ran as an independent, a decision that some believe helped Democrat Bill Clinton defeat incumbent Republican George H. W. Bush. Bloomberg earned 13 percent support when facing a hypothetical three-way race against Clinton and Trump, according to a poll of 4,060 registered voters conducted January 14-17 by Morning Consult. Trump and Clinton were virtually tied at 37 and 36 percent, respectively, the survey found. Part of Bloomberg’s motivation to enter the race stems from a frustration with Clinton’s campaign, the source said. Clinton has been dogged by questions about her honesty amid an ongoing investigation into her use of a private email server as secretary of state. Sanders, Clinton’s chief rival, has recently surged in polling in key early voting states Iowa and New Hampshire. That development has made Bloomberg increasingly worried about a general election between Sanders, a self-described socialist, and Trump or Cruz, both of whom have staked out far-right positions on issues like immigration. At the New Hampshire Republican Party “First in the Nation Presidential Town Hall” in Nashua, Senator Rand Paul, who is lagging badly in opinion polls, seemed unfazed by the possibility of a Bloomberg third-party run. He even saw a bright side for his party. “If he splits the Democrat vote - those for gun control - that might be good for Republicans,” Paul told reporters. Representatives for Bloomberg declined to comment on the former mayor’s plans for the presidential race.  (Additional reporting by Alana Wise in New Hampshire; Editing by Janet Lawrence and Mary Milliken) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11121,Confident Trump says could 'shoot somebody' and not lose voters,"PELLA, Iowa /ANKENY, Iowa (Reuters) - U.S. Republican front-runner Donald Trump expressed confidence on Saturday that he could push back attempts by his rivals to knock him off his top perch, saying he could stand on New York’s Fifth Avenue “and shoot somebody,” and still not lose voters. Nine days from the first nominating contest in Iowa, however, it was Republican rival Marco Rubio who won the endorsement Saturday from the Des Moines Register, the state’s biggest and most influential newspaper. On the Democratic side, the Register picked Hillary Clinton.  The endorsements were big developments for both Rubio and Clinton. Rubio, a Florida senator, has been running third behind Trump and Texas Senator Ted Cruz in Iowa, while Clinton has struggled to fend off a challenge to the Democratic nomination from Bernie Sanders. Trump and Cruz, Trump’s chief obstacle to a victory in Iowa, held competing rallies across the state while in New Hampshire, other candidates battled for votes in that state’s Feb. 9 first-in-the-nation primary for the Nov. 8 election. Trump, the New York billionaire and former reality TV star who has been virtually impervious to attacks from his opponents, pushed the limits of his political rhetoric again in Sioux Center, Iowa. “I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn’t lose any voters,” he said.  Trump has been a difficult target for criticism from his rivals because not all of his supporters are conservatives and many are most interested in his projection of strength, not where he stands on a particular issue. The latest Reuters-Ipsos tracking poll had Trump pulling in 40.6 percent support of Republican voters nationally. A CNN/ORC poll has Trump up in Iowa with 37 percent to 26 percent for Cruz, who has led in some other Iowa polls. Trump did not repeat the “shoot somebody” line at a later rally in Pella, while stressing to the crowd there that he would tone down his rhetoric as president. Cruz responded to Trump at an event in Ankeny, where he picked up the endorsement of conservative firebrand Glenn Beck, a counterweight of sorts to Trump’s endorsement by 2008 vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin. “Listen, I will let Donald speak for himself. I can say I have no intention of shooting anybody in this campaign,” Cruz said. Beck was more direct. “There is one thing to have a healthy ego, there is another to give a man who believes those kind of things, who has a habit of anyone who stands in his way of destruction,” Beck said. “To give that man the full power and scope of the office of the presidency is something we will grow to regret.” Iowa Republican Senator Chuck Grassley was an introductory speaker at Trump’s Pella event. Grassley did not endorse Trump but repeated Trump’s signature phrase, saying Republicans have a chance to “make America great again.” During his speech, Trump called Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly biased and said she should not be a moderator at a Fox-hosted Republican debate in Des Moines on Thursday. Kelly’s questioning at an Aug. 6 debate in Cleveland had prompted Trump to unleash a series of insults at her. There was no indication that Fox planned to remove her as a moderator. “Megyn Kelly has no conflict of interest. Donald Trump is just trying to build up the audience for Thursday’s debate, for which we thank him,” said a Fox News spokesperson.  The potential for more chaos in what has been a turbulent race on both the Republican and Democratic sides emerged on Saturday with the news that former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg might launch an independent run for president. A source said part of Bloomberg’s concern was the problem that Clinton is having in defeating Sanders. “I hope he runs,” Trump told reporters in Pella.  At a First In The Nation forum for candidates in Nashua, New Hampshire, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush was notably withering in his criticism of Trump. He reminded voters of Trump’s dismissal of Senator John McCain as not a hero because he got captured during the Vietnam War. McCain spent 5-1/2 years as a prisoner of war. He was a two-time winner of the New Hampshire primary and the 2012 Republican presidential nominee. “It is not strong to insult women. It is not a sign of strength when you insult Hispanics. It is not a sign of strength when you say that a POW was a loser because they got caught. John McCain is a hero,” Bush said.  (Additional reporting by Dustin Volz in Washington and Alana Wise in New Hampshire; Editing by Sandra Maler and Mary Milliken) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11122,Des Moines Register endorses Rubio and Clinton in U.S. presidential race,"NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Des Moines Register, the largest newspaper in the state that will cast the first votes for U.S. presidential nominees in nine days, gave its coveted endorsement on Saturday to Republican Marco Rubio and Democrat Hillary Clinton, it announced on Saturday.    The newspaper’s board said it was impressed by Clinton’s “knowledge and experience” and that it had picked Rubio because the Florida senator represented the Republican party’s “best hope” in the November 2016 presidential race. While the endorsements from the newspaper have the potential to boost a candidate, they often do not predict success in Iowa’s distinctive, time-consuming caucus system of picking nominees, which involves voters meeting in public places to discuss their preferences. Since beginning the practice in 1988, only three of the nine candidates the newspaper has endorsed have left the state with the most votes. “It’s certainly not a prediction,” Amalie Nash, the paper’s executive editor, said in an interview before the announcement. “We normally we do talk about viability, but it’s certainly not a major factor.”  Nash and the board’s five other members had all the leading Democratic and Republican candidates in for interviews except for the current Republican front-runners, Senator Ted Cruz and the businessman Donald Trump, who declined their invitations, the paper said. The board put emphasis on whether the candidates had the potential to heal the partisan divide that has become a hallmark of Washington politics and their plans for defusing the threat to Americans from the militant Islamist group Islamic State, Nash said. Rubio, the paper said, held the “potential to chart a new direction for the party, and perhaps the nation, with his message of restoring the American dream.” Noting the presidency is “not an entry-level position,” the Register praised Clinton as an “outstanding candidate” deserving of the Democratic nomination. “No other candidate can match the depth or breadth of her knowledge and experience,” it said. The Register previously endorsed Clinton during her 2008 presidential run, saying she was distinguished by her “readiness to lead.” Barack Obama ultimately won the Iowa caucus and Clinton finished third behind John Edwards.  The paper endorsed Senator John McCain on the Republican side that year. He came in fourth in Iowa but went on to become the party’s nominee before losing the general election to Obama.  An endorsement for Trump had seemed unlikely after the paper published a withering editorial last July calling on him to end his “bloviating side show” and drop out of the election. Winners of the Iowa caucuses, due to be held on Feb. 1 this year, do not always go on to become their party’s standard bearer in the November general election. “Iowa’s role isn’t to pick the eventual nominee,” Nash, the Register’s executive editor, said. “It’s to winnow the field.”  (Reporting by Jonathan Allen and Dustin Volz; Editing by Sandra Maler) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11123,California lethal injection plan spurs capital punishment fight,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - Advocates and opponents of capital punishment sparred on Friday over California’s proposed new lethal injection protocol, highlighting deep divisions in a state that houses a quarter of U.S. death row inmates but has not executed anyone in a decade. The plan to use barbiturates to execute inmates sentenced to die in the most populous U.S. state drew fire from religious activists, who called capital punishment grisly and anti-democratic at a hearing in Sacramento. Law-and-order advocates urged its adoption. “As of next month, the state will have been remiss in its duties for a decade,” said Michele Hanisee, vice president of the Los Angeles Association of Deputy District Attorneys. “The family members of the victims are dying before the murderers.” The informational hearing was part of the state’s process for adopting a new protocol for lethal injection that would use one drug, a barbiturate, to put condemned inmates to death. It would replace a three-drug cocktail that a California court declared unconstitutional 10 years ago because it could possibly cause pain. Under a court settlement, the state must develop a new procedure for executions. At the same time, Californians have grown more divided over capital punishment, with nearly half the electorate and many top officials now opposing the death penalty. Death penalty opponents hope to place an initiative on the November ballot that would outlaw capital punishment. On the same ballot, supporters back a different initiative to speed up executions. “The people on death row, most of them have perpetrated grave crimes,” said Linda Fox, a board member of the group Death Penalty Focus, who spoke against the protocol. “But they are still human beings.” There was no proof, she argued, that using a barbiturate to carry out a death sentence would not result in a botched or painful execution. California juries have sentenced nearly 900 people to death since 1978, but only 13 have been executed. Sixty-eight have died of natural causes, 36 for other reasons. Of more than 750 inmates currently on death row, seven have been there since the 1970s. If the new protocol is adopted by corrections officials and voters do not outlaw the death penalty next November, the state could theoretically begin executing 18 prisoners who have exhausted their appeals. Legal challenges to the lethal injection drug, however, could drag on for years.",1
11124,Democrats to demand restructuring mechanism for Puerto Rico: letter,"SAN JUAN/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic U.S. senators have drafted a letter to Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell insisting legislation designed to solve Puerto Rico’s debt crisis should include a mechanism for the island to restructure its debt, according to a draft of the letter seen by Reuters.  The move is a challenge to Republicans pushing bills in Congress to bring Puerto Rico’s finances under federal oversight, who are generally opposed to letting the U.S. commonwealth restructure its debt. Democrats have argued that any such oversight should be conditional on allowing Puerto Rico to be governed by federal bankruptcy or debt restructuring laws.  A congressional source familiar with the letter said Senate democrats plan to make it public on Tuesday ahead of a hearing on Puerto Rico by the House Committee on Natural Resources, but timing remains uncertain.  A solution “must allow Puerto Rico to restructure a meaningful portion of its debt,” according to the draft of the letter, which noted that “Puerto Rico was included in Chapter 9 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code until 1984, when Congress inexplicably excluded it from the nationwide approach to resolving municipal insolvency.” Letters such as this are generally aimed at demonstrating party unity and are typically circulated to collect as many signatures as possible to show strength on a given issue. The congressional source said this letter’s authors are expecting signatures from all 44 Democratic senators and 2 independent senators. If such broad support were achieved, it would allow Democrats to block any legislation that did not include a restructuring mechanism - although that is no guarantee that Republicans, who control Congress, would draft a bill that includes one. A restructuring option would be a coup for the island’s governor, Alejandro Garcia Padilla, who has long said Puerto Rico needs to cut its $70 billion in debt to grow its economy, a stance that has faced resistance from creditors. Aside from its debt load, Puerto Rico faces widespread economic strain, including a 45-percent poverty rate and a shrinking tax base, as a growing number of citizens jump to the mainland United States. The island has begun skipping some debt payments in recent months in order to make others, and now faces lawsuits from insurers of some bonds.  The letter comes weeks after House Speaker Paul Ryan demanded legislation by the end of March to address Puerto Rico’s debt.  “We urge you to match his commitment to act on a responsible solution by the end of the first quarter,” the draft letter says, addressing McConnell.  ",1
11125,Puerto Rico PREPA's declines offer for fresh debt deal deadline,"SAN JUAN/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chances of Puerto Rico’s power utility PREPA reaching a deal with creditors to restructure its $8 billion debt were cast in uncertainty on Friday as one deadline passed and the utility baulked at the new terms offered for a new one. Puerto Rican lawmakers’ failure to vote by Friday on legislation needed to make the restructuring deal work prompted a group of bondholders to offer to extend the deadline until Feb. 12, but PREPA rejected the changed terms. “We are disappointed that the ... group did not grant our requested extension,” Lisa Donahue, PREPA’s chief restructuring officer, said in a statement.  “PREPA remains willing to continue discussions with the Ad Hoc Group and other stakeholders.” As the Friday deadline passed, the bondholder group issued a statement describing PREPA’s refusal as “extremely disappointing and perplexing”. Pressure is mounting to secure a deal at PREPA, as the U.S. Supreme Court is slated to hear an appeal later this year in a case that could allow Puerto Rico to push PREPA into bankruptcy, an outcome creditors dread. Reaching a deal to restructure PREPA’s debt is seen as key to fixing the debt-ridden U.S. territory’s finances. Needing to restructure debts totaling $70 billion, the island’s leaders want U.S. Congress to allow it access to U.S. bankruptcy law or some form of court-sanctioned debt restructuring process. PREPA said in December that it had reached a deal with 70 percent of all creditors, under which the bondholders agreed to accept 15 percent cuts to repayments in exchange for new bonds with higher ratings. For that to work, Puerto Rico needs to pass legislation enabling PREPA to create a new charge on customer invoices specifically to pay the debt, so that the new bonds could earn the higher ratings that creditors expect.  As part of their proposed extension, bondholders were also offering to provide $115 million of additional capital. However, PREPA said the bondholders changed the terms of that offer, conditioning it on regulatory approval by Puerto Rico’s energy commission for the imposition of the additional charges to customers. Without a restructuring deal in place, the matter could devolve into litigation.  ",1
11126,State Department seeks extension for Clinton emails release,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department asked a judge on Friday for a one-month extension to finish publicly releasing thousands of emails sent by Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state, in part because a winter storm closed government offices. The department said in a federal court filing it needed until Feb. 29 after realizing this week that it had “overlooked” emails amounting to 7,254 printed pages that it should have already shared with other agencies for them to review for sensitive information. It said expected heavy snow in Washington, D.C., had interrupted delivery of these emails to other agencies. Many federal offices closed early on Friday afternoon. In a statement, Mark Toner, a department spokesman, said “the remaining emails are also the most complex to process as they contain a large amount of material that required interagency review.” He said the department would release as many emails “as possible” on Jan. 29, the original deadline ordered by the court. Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination, sent and received email on a private server in her home between 2009 and 2013, but this arrangement did not become public until early 2015. The revelation has dogged her campaign. Republicans and other critics say she was skirting transparency laws and endangered sensitive government information. Clinton says she did nothing wrong.  After a government inspector general raised concerns that classified information may be outside government control, the Federal Bureau of Investigation took the server and other equipment from at least two private technology firms that managed Clinton’s systems for examination.  A little more than 80 percent of the roughly 30,000 work emails Clinton returned to the State Department in 2014 have now been made public after Jason Leopold, a VICE News reporter, sued the department under freedom of information laws. More than 1,300 of those emails have been partly redacted in the public release because the State Department says they contain classified information. Ryan James, Leopold’s lawyer, said he would “vigorously oppose” an extension. “I think it is fair to ask how many more extensions is State going to seek and what’s in the remaining emails that requires so much more time to review and release them?” James wrote in an email. Spokesmen for Clinton did not respond to a request for comment. Whether District Court Judge Rudolph Contreras will grant the extension is unclear, but if he does it will push the release back until after the casting of votes in Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina, the first four states in the presidential nominating process.  (Reporting by Jonathan Allen; Editing by Grant McCool and James Dalgleish) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11127,Vice President Biden chides Turkey over freedom of expression,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said on Friday that Turkey, once vaunted by Washington as a model of Islamic democracy, was setting a poor example for the region in intimidating media, curtailing internet freedom and accusing academics of treason. On a two-day visit to the NATO ally, part of the U.S.-led alliance against Islamic State in neighbouring Syria and Iraq, Biden said the strength of Turkey’s democracy had a direct impact on its ties with the United States. Turkey is a vital partner for both Washington and Europe in efforts to combat Islamic State, end Syria’s civil war, and curb the flow of migrants and refugees. Opponents of the government have accused the West in the past of pulling its punches over the country’s human rights record as a result. “The more Turkey succeeds, the stronger the message sent to the entire Middle East and parts of the world who are only beginning to grapple with the notion of freedom,” Biden said, flanked by members of Turkish civil society groups.  “But when the media are intimidated or imprisoned for critical reporting, when internet freedom is curtailed and social media sites...are shut down and more than 1,000 academics are accused of treason simply by signing a petition, that’s not the kind of example that needs to be set,” he told reporters. Turkey was cited by Washington as an example for the Middle East of a functioning Islamic democracy in the early years of then prime minister Tayyip Erdogan’s rule. More recently, reforms have faltered and Erdogan, now president, has demonstrated a more authoritarian style. Last week, he denounced as “dark, nefarious and brutal” more than 1,000 signatories, including U.S. academic Noam Chomsky, of a declaration that criticised Turkish military action in the largely Kurdish southeast. Security forces briefly detained 27 academics on accusations of terrorist propaganda. Dozens face investigation by their universities. Biden met members of the Turkish parliament from the ruling AK Party, the secularist opposition CHP and the pro-Kurdish HDP, largely to discuss the southeast. Biden, who laid roses at the site of a suicide bombing blamed on Islamic State that killed 10 German tourists last week, will meet Erdogan and Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu on Saturday.  Talks are expected to focus on Syrian border security and the role of Syrian Kurdish fighters, backed by Washington in the campaign against Islamic State. Turkey fears their advances will fuel separatist sentiment among its own Kurds.  Turkish media reports said Biden also met the wife and son of jailed journalist Can Dundar, editor-in-chief of the secularist Cumhuriyet newspaper, arrested in November over the publication of footage purporting to show the state intelligence agency helping send weapons to Syria. He also met prominent journalists fired over the past year following critical coverage of Erdogan and the government. The government says journalists are held for promoting terrorism or for anti-state activities, not their journalism. It denies intimidating media bosses, many of whose parent companies hold lucrative government contracts in other areas of industry. “If you do not have the ability to express your own opinion, to criticise policy, offer competing ideas without fear of intimidation or retribution, then your country is being robbed of opportunity,” Biden said. ",1
11128,Poll: Trump in lead at 40.6 percent,"DES MOINES (Reuters) - Republican front-runner candidate Donald Trump has a big lead in the race for the 2016 presidential nomination nationally, swamping his opponents with a 40.6 percent share of those surveyed, a Reuters-Ipsos tracking poll found on Friday. The survey of 582 respondents found Trump with a higher percentage of the vote than his next four challengers combined, with Texas Senator Ted Cruz drawing 10.5 percent, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson with 9.7 percent, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush at 9.2 percent and Florida Senator Marco Rubio with 7.2 percent. In a hypothetical matchup between Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton and Trump, Clinton holds a statistically insignificant lead of 41.4 percent to 40.8 percent. Trump has been leading national polls of Republican voters for months. He also holds a lead in some polls in the early voting states of Iowa and New Hampshire with the Iowa caucuses just days away on Feb. 1. A separate Reuters-Ipsos poll on Friday found the U.S. economy re-emerging as a major concern for voters. Economic concerns had taken a back seat to fears of terrorism after last year’s Islamic State attacks in Paris. The survey of 1,614 respondents found terrorism a top concern at 20.3 percent, but the U.S. economy close behind at 18.2 percent.  (Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by Richard Chang) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11129,Magazine's anti-Trump editorial spurs Republican debate,"DES MOINES (Reuters) - An influential conservative magazine’s rejection of Donald Trump’s presidential candidacy triggered a fire storm on Friday, with Republican rivals saying it is validation of what they have been saying all along: that Trump is not a conservative. With Iowa to kick off the Republican search for a presidential candidate with its Feb. 1 caucuses, Trump and his aides reacted with scorn to the editorial in National Review, which was signed by 22 prominent conservative intellectuals. The “Against Trump” editorial by National Review, a New York-based magazine founded in 1955 by famed conservative thinker William F. Buckley Jr., was scathing. “Trump is a philosophically unmoored political opportunist who would trash the broad conservative ideological consensus within the GOP (Republican Party) in favor of a free-floating populism with strong-man overtones,” National Review said. Trump’s opponents in the nomination fight pounced quickly. “I don’t think Donald is running as a movement conservative,” Republican candidate Marco Rubio told Fox News. “I don’t think he’s ever said that. It’s clear he’s not. I mean, what he’s running [as is] someone who’s a populist, who’s upset about the direction of this country.” Republican candidate Jeb Bush told Fox that National Review was “just telling the truth.” “This transformation (to conservative) that he claims he’s done needs to be tested,” Bush said. The Republican National Committee, concerned that the magazine was taking sides, dumped National Review from co-sponsoring a candidates’ debate on Feb. 25 in Houston. The National Review editorial emerged as some establishment Republican figures debate whether Trump is a preferable standard-bearer for the Nov. 8 election instead of the other leader in the Republican race, Texas Senator Ted Cruz. Trump, anxious to put his stamp on the race with a victory in Iowa, tweeted that the National Review is a dying magazine and a ghost of its past. His campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, said the publication’s conclusion is irrelevant. “The bottom line is nobody cares,” he told CNN. “The average voter in Iowa doesn’t care. The average voter in New Hampshire doesn’t care.” Trump is currently in position to seize control of the race. Polls show he could win not only Iowa’s caucuses, but also New Hampshire’s first-in-the-nation primary on Feb. 9, which would put him on a strong path to the presidential nomination. A CNN/ORC poll on Thursday said Trump had taken a solid lead over Cruz in Iowa, with 37 percent to 26 percent for Cruz. Cruz has led other polls in Iowa. Both men will campaign in Iowa on Saturday, the same day that the influential Des Moines Register newspaper will announce its endorsements for the caucuses. Trump’s campaign released a TV ad accusing Cruz of being weak on illegal immigration. “Against Trump” began trending on Twitter in the United States by Friday morning. Most of the response on the social media site was negative toward “National Review,” with several Twitter users expressing dismay over the publication’s decision to criticize the front-runner. “National Review is leading a coalition against Trump,” wrote Jeff Fogle (@jefffogle342). “We the people will get him in office if we push hard. Stick together! We can do it!!!” “Without any sense of self awareness @nro [National Review] ignores [its] attacks on conservatives last 2 cycles,” tweeted Madlaw (@madlaw1071).  (Additional reporting by Doina Chiacu in Washington; Editing by Dan Grebler) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11130,Former House Speaker Hastert seeks sentencing delay due to poor health,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert, convicted last year of a financial crime, asked on Friday for a delay in his sentencing due to poor health. Hastert pleaded guilty in October to a federal charge of “structuring” - evading bank reporting rules by withdrawing large amounts of cash in smaller increments - in a hush-money case stemming from allegations of sexual misconduct. The 74-year-old, once one of the country’s most powerful politicians, was hospitalized in November and was treated for a spinal infection requiring surgery, a severe blood infection and a stroke, his lawyers said in a motion filed on Friday. The lawyers have not been able to meet with Hastert to prepare for the scheduled Feb. 29 sentencing due to his health problems, the motion said. The lawyers requested a March 7 status hearing before U.S. District Judge Thomas Durkin. Hastert faces up to five years in prison but prosecutors have recommended a sentence of six months or less, in exchange for his guilty plea. Hastert admitted to paying $1.7 million in cash to an individual he had known for decades to buy that person’s silence and compensate for past misconduct toward that individual. Prosecutors did not spell out the misconduct, but unnamed law enforcement officials have told media that it was sexual and involved someone Hastert knew when he was a high school teacher and coach in his hometown of Yorkville, Illinois, in the 1960s and 1970s. ",1
11131,White House turns to Pentagon in U.S. background checks shake-up,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government will set up a new agency to do background checks on employees and contractors, the White House said on Friday, after a massive breach of U.S. government files exposed the personal data of millions of people last year. As a part of a sweeping overhaul, the Obama administration said it will establish a National Background Investigations Bureau. It will replace the Office of Personnel Management’s (OPM) Federal Investigative Services (FIS), which currently conducts each year more than 2 million background investigations for scores of federal agencies. The move, a stiff rebuke for FIS and OPM, comes after last year’s disclosure that a hack of OPM computers exposed the names, addresses, Social Security numbers and other sensitive information of roughly 22 million current and former federal employees and contractors, as well as applicants for federal jobs and individuals listed on background check forms. Unlike FIS, the new agency’s information systems will be handled by the Defense Department, making it even more central to Washington’s effort to bolster its cyber defenses against constant intrusion attempts by hackers and foreign nationals. The White House gave no timeline for implementing the changes, but said some would begin this year. It will seek $95 million more in its upcoming fiscal 2017 budget for information technology development, according to a White House fact sheet. A transition team will develop a plan to migrate existing functions from FIS while continuing to provide investigative services, the U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper wrote in a blog on the OPM website. Officials have privately blamed the OPM data breach on China, though security researchers and officials have said there is no evidence Beijing has maliciously used the data trove. The hack prompted several congressional committees to investigate whether OPM was negligent in its cyber security practices. OPM Director Katherine Archuleta resigned last July as the government intensified a broad push to improve cyber defenses and modernize systems. “Clearly we’re not there yet,” Admiral Mike Rogers, head of the National Security Agency, said at a cyber security event in Washington this week when asked about U.S. preparedness against hacks. The damage done by cyber attacks, he added, “is going to get worse before it gets better.” OPM has had a large backlog of security clearance files. This has prompted it to rely on outside contractors for assistance. One of these is Keypoint Government Solutions, which took over the bulk of federal background checks after a competitor, USIS, was hacked. Keypoint, which is owned by Veritas Capital, later suffered a breach of its own networks. No comment was immediately available from Keypoint or CACI International Inc (CACI.N), another contractor involved in background checks. USIS filed for bankruptcy protection last year.  Brian Kaveney, who heads the security clearance practice at the Armstrong Teasdale law firm, said the new agency was expected to take over the 8,800 investigators who now work for FIS, including 2,300 government workers and 6,500 contractors. The Defense Department and OPM did not respond when asked if the government will still rely on support from contractors. Representative Jason Chaffetz, the Republican chairman of a House of Representatives panel that has been looking into the issue, said Friday’s announcement fell short. “Protecting this information should be a core competency of OPM,” Chaffetz said in a statement. “Today’s announcement seems aimed only at solving a perception problem rather than tackling the reforms needed to fix a broken security clearance process.” ",1
11132,Michigan governor urges action on Detroit schools before court intervenes,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Michigan legislators need to pass legislation quickly to overhaul Detroit’s beleaguered public schools before courts intervene, the state’s governor said on Friday. Republican Rick Snyder said he is still pushing a plan for the school system that he offered last year that he said would provide $700 million to deal with the schools’ massive debt and make other investments. “I need legislative support,” he told MSNBC in an interview. “I’ve asked the legislature to do that and I want to get that done before we have court intervention in the situation.” Snyder spokesman Dave Murray said municipal bankruptcy is not an option the state wants for the Detroit Public Schools, although Snyder would have the ultimate say on whether the district could head to federal bankruptcy court. Snyder’s plea for action comes after teachers’ protests closed nearly all Detroit schools this week. All but nine of the district’s 97 schools closed because of the teachers’ sickout on Wednesday over complaints about low pay and crumbling infrastructure. Detroit’s schools, like the city, have suffered from financial hardship that has shaken the region in recent years. The schools now are run under state oversight. Declining enrollment as well as heavy pension and debt obligations have left the district strapped for cash and it could run out of money as soon as April. Bills were introduced earlier this month in the Michigan legislature to create two entities - the Detroit Community District to run the schools, and the current Detroit Public Schools to retire debt. The school system faces an estimated $3.5 billion in debt, according to one report from a nonprofit public affairs group, the Citizens Research Council of Michigan. ",1
11133,"Candidate Trump retweets 'White Genocide' account, drawing outrage"," NEW YORK (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump retweeted an account called ""@WhiteGenocideTM"" on Friday, prompting a backlash on social media over the real estate billionaire's sharing of an apparent neo-Nazi's depiction of rival candidate Jeb Bush.  Trump, who is campaigning for the first contests on Feb. 1 in Iowa and Feb. 9 in New Hampshire, is known for attacking other candidates competing for the party’s nomination to run for the White House in November’s general election.  Trump retweeted Donald Trumpovitz, who uses the handle “@WhiteGenocideTM,” gives the location of the account as “Jewmerica” and features an image that references George Lincoln Rockwell, a prominent figure in the neo-Nazi movement in the United States.  The tweet read, “@realDonaldTrump Poor Jeb. I could’ve sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day!” and included a photoshopped image of Bush holding a “Vote Trump” sign.  Tim Miller, communications director for Bush, tweeted in response on @Timodc: ""The Godwin's Double: Trump's anti-Jeb retweets now include one from a Nazi's account and another calling Jeb a Nazi.""  The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment.  In November, Trump retweeted and then deleted a collage attacking former Florida governor Bush that featured a swastika.  Some on Twitter were appalled and perplexed by Friday’s retweet by Trump, who has not sought the backing of white supremacist groups but several say his success has helped them win new supporters.  Kris Hammond (@KrisHammond), who identifies himself as a civil rights attorney on Twitter, said: “#Trump retweets account with the words “white genocide” in the handle. Plays to #whitenationalism base.”  Natalie Borden (@Natalie_Borden) tweeted: “Guy, who likely will be a POTUS, retweeting a Twitter user named “White Genocide” who says he lives in “Jewmerica.” What a day...”  A week ago, a white supremacist group said it had placed thousands of automated phone calls in Iowa urging voters to support Trump’s bid for the Republican nomination because “we don’t need Muslims.”  The telephone campaign is led by the American Freedom Party, which on its website says it “shares the customs and heritage of the European American people.”  (Additional reporting by Gina Cherelus; editing by Grant McCool)  SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11134,Obama administration seeks to curb methane emissions on public land,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In its latest move to combat climate change, the Obama administration on Friday said it will overhaul 30-year-old regulations for oil and gas operations on public and tribal lands to limit the “wasteful release” of natural gas and curb methane emissions.  The proposal by the Interior department’s Bureau of Land Management would require oil and gas producers to use currently available technology to limit flaring at oil wells on federal land. It would also require operators to regularly check for natural gas leaks and replace outdated equipment that allows large quantities of gas and methane to escape into the air.  The overhaul would also clarify when oil and gas companies need to pay royalties on flared natural gas.   “These updated regulations, which would be phased in over several years ... would not only get more of our nation’s natural gas into pipelines and delivered to market but also reduce pollution and cut greenhouse gas emissions that are contributing to climate change,” Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Management Janice Schneider said.  The proposal comes as a major methane leak from a natural gas storage site near Los Angeles has forced thousands of people to evacuate their homes for months and put a spotlight on emissions oversight. The BLM overhaul would only affect federal land. The overhaul would reduce flaring by up 60 percent and venting by up to 46 percent compared to 2013 rates. The BLM estimates that it would prevent the loss of up to 56 billion cubic feet of gas a year through venting, flaring or leaks, which could supply around 760,000 households annually.  The agency said it would also avoid methane emissions that would be equivalent to up to 4.2 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions per year.  Methane is the second most prevalent greenhouse gas after carbon dioxide. Though it only lasts in the atmosphere for 20 years, methane is 84 times more effective than carbon dioxide at trapping heat, and environmental groups have pressed the administration for tighter restrictions on leaks. Energy industry groups and some Republican lawmakers blasted the rule, announced as Washington prepares for a major blizzard, arguing that it deprives states of needed revenue and duplicates voluntary efforts by companies to reduce waste.   “Another duplicative rule at a time when methane emissions are already falling and on top of an onslaught of other new BLM and EPA regulations could drive more energy production off federal lands,” said Erik Milito, director of upstream and industry operations at the American Petroleum Institute. The overhaul forms part of the broader Obama administration strategy announced last January to reduce oil and gas sector methane emissions by up to 45 percent from 2012 levels by 2025. The strategy includes an Environmental Protection Agency proposal announced in August targeting methane emissions from new or modified oil and gas processing and transmission facilities and wells. It comes on the heels of a BLM announcement last week that it will freeze new leases for coal production on public land. ",1
11135,Factbox: Interior Department's oil and gas methane rule for federal lands,"(Reuters) - The Interior Department’s Bureau of Land Management on Friday announced its plans to update 30-year-old rules for oil and gas production on federal land to limit the “wasteful release” of natural gas and curb methane emissions. The effort is part of President Barack Obama’s broader climate change strategy based on executive actions, which includes a goal to reduce oil and gas sector methane emissions by up to 45 percent from 2012 levels by 2025. The rule also comes one week after the agency announced its first major review of the country’s coal program in three decades, including a pause on issuing coal-mining leases on federal land. “By asking operators to take simple, common-sense actions to reduce waste, like swapping out old equipment and checking for leaks, we expect to cut this waste almost in half,” BLM Director Neil Kornze said.   Between 2009 and 2014, oil and gas producers on public and Indian lands vented, flared and leaked about 375 billion cubic feet (Bcf) of natural gas, the equivalent supply for about 5.1 million households for a year, the BLM said.   Here is a look at the BLM’s proposed rule to crack down on methane waste on federal lands: Proposal highlights: Benefits expected by the BLM: ",1
11136,National Review magazine tells conservatives to shun Trump,"DES MOINES (Reuters) - An influential conservative magazine published an editorial on Thursday urging Republicans to rally against front-running presidential candidate Donald Trump, with Iowa poised to begin the search for a 2016 nominee in 10 days. National Review, a New York-based magazine founded in 1955 by famed conservative thinker William F. Buckley Jr., drew heavy scorn from Trump on Twitter and at a Las Vegas news conference for its issue entitled: “Against Trump.” “Trump is a philosophically unmoored political opportunist who would trash the broad conservative ideological consensus within the GOP (Republican Party) in favor of a free-floating populism with strong-man overtones,” National Review said. The magazine’s argument is one that has been made by several of Trump’s rivals for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, most notably by former Florida Governor Jeb Bush. But nothing has stopped Trump from seizing control of the race and putting him in position to win not only Iowa’s caucuses, but also New Hampshire’s first-in-the-nation primary on Feb. 9. A CNN/ORC poll on Thursday said Trump had taken a solid lead over Texas Senator Ted Cruz in Iowa, with 37 percent to 26 percent for Cruz. Cruz has led other polls in Iowa. National Review said Trump, a New York billionaire real estate developer and former reality TV star, had in the past supported abortion, gun control and higher taxes on the wealthy, all positions that conservatives oppose. The issue’s cover read “Cage Match - The GOP’s Internal Fight” and portrayed a bare-chested, double-chinned Trump, with a necklace of dollar signs tattooed across his torso, flanked by four less-muscular rivals for the Republican crown.   Trump waved off the attack in characteristic fashion. “The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!” he tweeted. “Against Trump” began trending on Twitter in the United States by Friday morning. Most of the response on the social media site was negative toward “National Review,” with several Twitter users expressing dismay over the conservative publication’s decision to criticize the Republican presidential front-runner for the November election. “National Review is leading a coalition against Trump,” wrote Jeff Fogle (@jefffogle342). “We the people will get him in office if we push hard. Stick together! We can do it!!!” “Without any sense of self awareness @nro [National Review] ignores ]its] attacks on conservatives last 2 cycles,” tweeted Madlaw (@madlaw1071). Jack Fowler, the publisher of the “National Review,” said in a post published late Thursday night that the publication was being “disinvited” from its partnership with the GOP debates. “Tonight, a top official with the RNC [Republican National Committee] called me to say that “National Review” was being disinvited,” Fowler wrote. “The reason: Our ‘Against Trump’ editorial and symposium. We expected this was coming. Small price to pay for speaking the truth about The Donald.” At a Las Vegas news conference, Trump said he would bring Republicans together if nominated. “Honestly the party has to be healed, has to be brought together and I think the party can be brought together,” he said.  (Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore and Dan Grebler) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11137,Argentine president calls Trump a 'very tough negotiator',"DAVOS, Switzerland (Reuters) - Argentine President Mauricio Macri said on Friday U.S. Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump was a “very tough negotiator”. The new leader of Argentina, who was sworn in as president in December, also told Reuters that Venezuela was not respecting human rights. ",1
11138,Oregon governor blasts federal response to refuge standoff,"(Reuters) - Oregon’s governor blasted the federal government’s response to the occupation of a wildlife refuge by a group of armed men saying the situation was “absolutely intolerable” and costing the state about $100,000 a week.  Governor Kate Brown, a Democrat, said she had been asked by federal officials to limit her public comments about the protest which began on Jan. 2 at the remote Malheur National Wildlife Refuge and that she had no wish to escalate the situation. “But I will say this ... The situation is absolutely intolerable and it must be must be resolved immediately. The very fabric of this community is being ripped apart,” Brown said on Wednesday at a news conference.  “The residents of Harney County have been overlooked and under-served by federal officials’ response thus far.” The takeover at Malheur was the latest flare-up in the so-called Sagebrush Rebellion, a decades-old conflict over the U.S. government’s control of millions acres of land in the West. The occupiers have declared their move is in support of two local ranchers who were returned to prison this month for setting fires that spread to federal land. The ranchers’ lawyer has said the occupiers do not speak for the family.          Law enforcement officials have so far kept their distance from the buildings at the refuge, 30 miles (48 km) south of the small town of Burns in rural southeast Oregon’s Harney County, in the hope of avoiding a violent confrontation. One of the occupiers was arrested last week after he drove a government vehicle to a local supermarket.  Brown called the situation a “spectacle of lawlessness” which must end and said she had conveyed her very grave concerns to the U.S. Department of Justice and the White House. “Federal authorities must move quickly to end the occupation and hold all of the wrongdoers accountable,” the governor said. “And until Harney County is free of it, I will not stop insisting that federal officials enforce the law.” The chair of the local Native American tribe has also called on the federal government to remove the occupiers. Brown said the standoff was costing Oregon about $100,000 per week, mostly in additional law enforcement costs, and that she has asked her finance officials to “scour the budget” so they could subsidize the expense to Harney County. “We will be asking federal officials to reimburse the state for these costs,” she said. ",1
11139,EPA official resigns over Flint water crisis,"WASHINGTON/CHICAGO (Reuters) - The head of the Midwest region of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency offered her resignation over the water contamination crisis in Flint, Michigan, the agency said on Thursday, as it issued an emergency order to resolve the growing problem.     Susan Hedman, the second official to resign since the crisis unfolded, had played down a memo by an EPA employee that said tests had shown high levels of lead in the city’s water, telling Flint and Michigan administrators it was only a draft report. Hedman’s resignation will take effect Feb. 1, the EPA said. Before the agency’s announcement on Hedman, the White House said President Barack Obama will ensure officials will be held accountable if any wrongdoing is found. The EPA on Thursday issued an emergency order requiring Michigan and the city of Flint to take immediate steps after determining that their response to the crisis had been “inadequate to protect human health.” Under the direction of a state-appointed emergency manager, Flint, a working class mostly African-American city of 100,000 north of Detroit, switched water supplies to the Flint River in 2014, to save money. The river is known locally as a dumping ground. The more corrosive river water, which was not treated, caused more lead to leach from the city’s aging water pipes than the Detroit water the city had tapped previously.  Complaints about the water began within a month of the change, but officials did not take steps to remedy the situation until October 2015 after tests showed elevated levels of lead in some tap water in the city and in some children. Lead is a neurotoxin that can damage brains and cause other health problems.  The city switched back to Detroit water in mid October, but the contamination continued. The Flint crisis pushed EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on Thursday to issue a new policy to elevate any issues that appear to be a substantial threat to public health, or that “other authorities appear to be unable to address.”  “Our strength can become a weakness if we interpret our responsibility as ending with simple technical compliance,” McCarthy said in a memo to all EPA staff. The EPA’s inspector general agreed to evaluate the Midwest office’s public water system supervision program and its implementation of its state oversight.  Representative Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said “The EPA is rife with incompetence and Region 5 is no exception. Mismanagement has plagued the region for far too long and Ms. Hedman’s resignation is way overdue.” White House spokesman Josh Earnest, noting that the Justice Department was investigating the contamination of Flint’s water supply, told reporters that Obama will make sure that EPA officials are held responsible for any errors that may be uncovered. By the end of next week, Michigan would have access to $80 million for water infrastructure funding agreed to in last month’s bipartisan budget, Obama told a group of mayors at the White House.  Michigan Governor Rick Snyder and other officials will be called to testify next month to a congressional panel. U.S. Representative Brenda Lawrence, a Democrat, requested a Feb. 3 hearing of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee last week, said spokeswoman Tracy Manzer. The invitation will be specifically for the governor and he cannot send a representative on his behalf, Manzer said. However, Republicans on the committee said nothing about the hearing was set in stone and it was not yet on the committee’s website calendar. Details being discussed about a hearing on Flint “are entirely premature,” said a spokesman for Republicans on the committee who did not want to be named. “There are no confirmed details at this time, particularly with respect to a date or witness invitations,” the spokesman said. Dan Wyant, former director of Michigan’s Department of Environmental Quality, are among the other invitees. Wyant resigned in December over the growing crisis in Flint. The hearing will “identify precisely what went wrong in the process and to ensure that those who were responsible are to be held accountable and that this never happens again,” Manzer said. Snyder, a Republican, has rejected calls from critics for his resignation over the crisis. He asked the Michigan state legislature this week to approve $28 million to assist Flint and said there would be additional funding requests. The Michigan House approved the funding unanimously on Wednesday and the bill was in the Senate on Thursday. In recent weeks, the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services also has said that it has seen an increase in Legionnaires’ disease cases in the county that includes Flint covering the period in which the river water was the primary source. It could not conclude if the cases were related to the water switch. A report released on Thursday found 87 Legionnaires’ cases in the county from June 2014 through October, including nine deaths.  ",1
11140,"New York City mayor presents $82 billion budget, warns of challenges","NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio presented an $82.1 billion preliminary budget for the city’s 2016-17 financial year on Thursday, noting the city’s strong economic position but striking a cautionary note over the economic outlook.  New York City, which sits at the center of one of the biggest regional economies in the world, has seen strong growth since the recession that followed the 2007-09 financial crisis. That has allowed officials to build budget reserves, but doubts remain whether that growth will continue. “There are lots of real challenges that are coming through to make us uncertain about what our economic future is,” de Blasio said during a presentation at City Hall. “We as New York City have to protect ourselves.” The mayor highlighted concerns over China’s economy, question marks over global growth, the current plunge in the U.S. stock market and terrorism as threats to the city. The city added 213,000 jobs in 2014 and 2015, the strongest two-year gain in recent history. The number of jobs are at an all time high of 4.2 million. Yet de Blasio said the economy may be overdue for a recession and pointed to the devastating effects of the last recession. The budget has nearly $5 billion in budget reserves, including $3.4 billion for retiree health benefits and $1 billion in general reserves in case the city has to “go it alone” during a recession, de Blasio said. The total budget represents a small increase over the previous year’s $81.7 billion. De Blasio, a left-leaning Democrat who took office at the start of 2014, highlighted signature programs such as raising the minimum wage to $15 per hour for all city workers, an initiative that will cost the city $115 million when fully implemented. He also outlined plans to tackle the city’s homelessness problem through millions of dollars for shelter repair, prevention initiatives and programs to move people out of shelters to permanent housing. Dean Fuleihan, the city budget director, said the budget was balanced in the current and coming financial year. He said $1 billion in savings in the 2016-17 budget will come from reductions in debt service and savings in agency spending. The city’s public pension system will consume a larger chunk of revenues as increased mortality projections mean the city will have to pay an additional $600 million. That brings the city’s total annual pension bill to $9.4 billion. ",1
11141,U.S. appeals court declines to block Obama carbon emissions plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In a big victory for the Obama administration, a U.S. federal court on Thursday rejected a bid by 27 states to block its Clean Power Plan, the centerpiece of its strategy to combat climate change by reducing carbon emissions from power plants. A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued a brief order denying an application seeking to stay the rule while litigation continues. The states, led by West Virginia, and several major business groups in October launched the legal challenges seeking to block the Obama administration’s proposal to curb carbon dioxide emissions from power plants. More than a dozen other states and the National League of Cities, which represents more than 19,000 U.S. cities, filed court papers backing the Environmental Protection Agency’s rule. The rule aims to lower carbon emissions from the country’s power plants by 2030 to 32 percent below 2005 levels. It is the main tool for the United States to meet the emissions reduction target it pledged at U.N. climate talks in Paris last month. For President Barack Obama, executing his climate change strategy would be a legacy-defining accomplishment. “We are confident that the plan will reduce carbon pollution and deliver better air quality, improved public health, and jobs across the country,” the White House said in a statement on Thursday. The court action means the regulation remains in place but it is not the final word in the legal fight. The appeals court still has to hear oral arguments on June 2 and decide whether the regulation is lawful. The decision by the court to deny the stay is a “good sign” for the EPA when it argues the merits of its case this summer, said David Doniger of the climate and clean air program at the Natural Resources Defense Council.  “Most of the time it’s a pretty good hand, but I wouldn’t overplay it yet,” he told Reuters. “We will have to duke it out on the merits of the case now.”  West Virginia’s Attorney General Patrick Morrisey, who led the multi-state challenge, said he is confident their challenge will succeed when the court decides the case on its merits. He said West Virginia and other states will consider asking the Supreme Court to take a “second look” at whether to freeze the regulation. Many states, even those that have sued the EPA over the Clean Power Plan, have started to work on plans to comply with the regulation. Their plans are due for EPA approval in September. Jonathan Adler, a professor at Case Western Reserve University School of Law, said states are “more likely to fall into line” and try to comply with the rule now that the stay has been denied. It would have been a “significant setback” for the government if the challengers’ request had been granted, he added. ",1
11142,White House welcomes U.S. court ruling on carbon emissions plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Thursday that it was pleased that a U.S. appellate court had denied a bid by 27 states to block the Obama administration’s Clean Power Plan while litigation challenging the regulation continues. “We are confident that the plan will reduce carbon pollution and deliver better air quality, improved public health, and jobs across the country,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in a statement.  The Clean Power Plan is the centerpiece of the Obama administration’s strategy to combat climate change. The rule aims to lower carbon emissions from the country’s power plants to 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030.  ",1
11143,California considers tighter lobbying rules as 2016 election nears,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California’s elections watchdog on Thursday voted to force groups that hire lobbyists to reveal more about the hundreds of millions of dollars spent annually to sway state lawmakers on climate change, education and other issues. In 2015, spending on lobbyists in the most populous U.S. state topped $243 million - nearly as much as the payroll for all of California’s state lawmakers combined. “We want more disclosure of these payments to shine light on the interaction between public officials and the special interests attempting to influence them,” said Jodi Remke, chair of the California Fair Political Practices Commission, which adopted the rules in a unanimous 5-0 vote. California joins a handful of states considering tighter campaign finance and ethics laws in the run-up to the Nov. 8 elections, including Missouri, New York, New Mexico and South Carolina. The California rules would not apply to federal lawmakers, such as the state’s U.S. representatives. When the California rules go into effect July 1, organizations that hire lobbyists will have to specify whether payments over $2,500 are used for advertising, research, event planning or public affairs, among other categories. But critics say the proposal does not go far enough. The new rules do not, for example, require those who hire lobbyists to identify the legislation that an individual payment was intended to influence.  And critics say the public affairs category, which encompasses grassroots organizing and coalition building, could easily become a murky catch-all much as the “other” category is used currently. “If the idea is to improve disclosure, why create a new category that is just as vague?” asked Denise Roth Barber, managing director of the National Institute on Money in State Politics.  Lobbyists have been mostly quiet on the proposal.  As of Wednesday afternoon, only one firm had responded to the commission’s request for comment, saying the regulations would create too much paperwork and asking that the effective date be postponed until 2017. None of 2014’s top spenders on lobbying - among them the Western States Petroleum Association and California State Council of Service Employees - would comment for this story. Remke conceded the measures are incremental, blaming an outdated software system for limiting the number of new categories that can be added to California’s searchable campaign spending database. But Carmen Balber, the executive director of Santa Monica-based Consumer Watchdog, said the commission could still demand more details, uploading the disclosure forms as stand-alone images or offering copies to the public upon request. ",1
11144,"Fix the roads, California Governor Brown tells lawmakers","SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California Governor Jerry Brown urged continued fiscal restraint amid the state’s economic expansion but hinted broadly that new fees would be needed to pay for repairs of deteriorating roads, bridges and other infrastructure. Improvements in the state’s financial health and a weather pattern that is helping to ease four years of catastrophic drought put California on a stronger footing as Brown addressed the legislature for his 14th State of the State address on Thursday. “We have to bite the bullet,” said Brown, who last summer pushed unsuccessfully for new fees to help pay long-neglected repairs to the state’s transportation infrastructure. Roads and bridges make up the bulk of an estimated $77 billion in delayed repairs to public property, he said, and, “One way or another the roads must be fixed.” Brown, who served two terms as governor from 1975 to 1983 before returning to California’s top job in 2011, also called on Republicans to agree to proposed changes in a tax on some health insurers, with proceeds to help pay for healthcare for the poorest Californians. Brown cited his administration’s support for California’s new $10 minimum wage, saying the January hike, combined with a tax credit for the working poor, will ease income inequality. Brown has been tight-fisted since returning to office in 2011, reining in the state’s liberal Democratic majority lawmakers to build a rainy day fund and hold down expenses after facing down a $27 billion budget deficit. He is widely credited with stabilizing the state’s finances, in large part by urging voters in 2012 to approve a temporary tax increase that allowed the state to cover its budget gap and restore some social services. Earlier this month, Brown proposed a budget plan for fiscal year 2016-2017 that included a $2 billion payment to the state’s rainy day fund and called for increases in spending on education, transportation infrastructure, as well as a modest increase in aid for the disabled. But the fiscal moderate has held the line on committing more funds to such programs in the absence of new revenue streams for the state. He is hesitant to call for new taxes on income or sales after supporting a temporary tax three years ago, but has supported other fees, such as a road usage tax or an increase in the tax on gasoline. Senate Republican leader Jean Fuller of Bakersfield said her caucus would work with Brown on infrastructure repairs, but opposes enacting new fees. ",1
11145,"Atlantic City, N.J., to hold emergency meeting to discuss bankruptcy","(Reuters) - Atlantic City Mayor Don Guardian on Thursday called an emergency City Council meeting next week to discuss whether the distressed New Jersey gambling hub should file for municipal bankruptcy. Governor Chris Christie’s veto on Tuesday of legislation that aimed to stabilize the city’s tax base and boost its cash flow left the city with “no other option but to explore bankruptcy,” Guardian said in a statement. State lawmakers have been pushing for a full takeover of city operations, saying local officials have not done enough to cut costs. Only city officials can file for bankruptcy, but the state, which already oversees the city’s finances, must ultimately approve it. ",1
11146,"Factbox: Trump seen from Davos: 'unbelievable', 'embarrassing' but candor 'hit a vein'","DAVOS, Switzerland (Reuters) - The surprise emergence of a billionaire real estate developer who has proposed banning Muslims from entering the United States as the front runner to become Republican nominee for president is one of the hot topics of conversation among the rich and powerful at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. While calling Donald Trump “unbelievable”, “embarrassing” or even “dangerous”, business executives and finance leaders said he had nevertheless “hit a vein” with his direct talk. Here are some of the comments about Donald Trump heard this week at the annual gathering: Rodrigo Valdes, finance minister of Chile, on rhetoric in the U.S. Presidential election: “Clearly it is not a rhetoric that is inviting for integration. In Chile we have a deep view that integration of the Americas is a good thing, whether it is goods, financing and yes people. So I’d be happier with a more welcoming rhetoric. It is uncontroversial to say that integration of markets, of trade is a good thing and this rhetoric does not help that.” Sandeep Dadlani, executive vice president of Indian outsourcing firm Infosys: “Infosys has been getting the majority of its revenues from the US market for  over 30 years and we have seen many elections come and go. It is common in all election seasons for rhetoric and extreme personalities to shine. Inevitably we have found governments from both sides to eventually come up with sensible policies.” Huffington Post news website founder Arianna Huffington: “I feel the mainstreaming of Donald Trump, instead of him being treated as an extreme, dangerous candidate is really the most troubling aspect of American politics right now. “He’s being interviewed on all the main shows, and he’s being asked questions about what his first State of the Union address would be like if he wins, instead of actually being forced to answer the tough questions about his policy, especially his policy of wanting to ban Muslims from entering the U.S., which is so dangerous, so un-American and should really be the center of the coverage of Trump.  “We (at Huffington Post) first covered him as entertainment, as a sort of buffoonish figure. But the day he announced that policy we switched to cover him as a clear and present danger to the American political system and to America and its values.  “I think the GOP (Republican party) is in real trouble if he becomes the lead candidate. But there’s a long way between now and the nominating convention.”  Dominic Barton, global managing director for business consultancy McKinsey: “This is a political campaign that’s become entertainment. I almost feel like anything you ask, Trump will have some radically different view. If I were to say it takes 9 months to make a baby, he could say ‘that’s crap, it should take 3’ or something.” “It’s a bit embarrassing globally. But I think there’s a big difference between the rhetoric and the reality, and I think most people will see that and discount it. But it’s incredible how long its been going for. It’s just unbelievable.” Ray Nolte, chief investment officer, Skybridge Capital, a $13 billion hedge fund: “Is Donald going to be the nominee? I don’t know. It’s sure looking that way now. “The takeaway from here, is that anyone here who is in the mainstream say there is no way he could possibly get the nomination. When I hear that, it probably means it is going to happen. “Among the historic party elites, none of them can believe what is going on. If you had gone into the campaigns, a Bush campaign and Rubio campaign, they were saying: ‘We don’t need to pay attention to Trump. The guy is a buffon, he is a clown, he will blow himself up’. This was back 6/7 months ago, that was the narrative.” John McFarlane, chairman of Barclays: “You have an election in the US that has taken a rather strange turn.” “Is Trump going to get the nomination? People would argue No but then ... he is very popular.” Eric Cantor, former Republican majority leader in U.S. House of Representatives, now vice-chairman of Moelis & Co, an investment bank: “He’s not serious. He’s amazing at promoting his personal brand and reflecting an underlying anger at home that is connected to a slow-growth economy where wage stagnation is real. “But Trump Fever is an unsustainable phenomenon that will not translate into a victory for the candidate.” Rob Torres, managing director of Google Travel:     “I think the majority of folks underestimate the Trump power right now.”      “If for some reason he is elected into office, hopefully he will be smart enough to surround himself with folks who have experience in government.” Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of private equity group Blackstone, told CNBC’s Squawkbox that if the Republican presidential race came down to Trump versus Ted Cruz, a U.S. Senator from Texas also seen as representing the right wing of the Republican Party, he would go with his fellow billionaire. “If I had to do one, I would do Donald,” he said. Noting the rise of self-proclaimed socialist Bernie Sanders as a challenger to Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Party’s nomination, he said:         “The question is, what is everyone protesting about?... What’s needed actually is a cohesive, healing presidency, not one that’s lurching either to the right or to the left.” Mark Weinberger, global chairman and chief executive of consultancy EY: “I think Donald trump clearly has hit a vein of the American people in straight talk, candor, and saying clearly what he’s going to do. “When you get to the second and third questions on some of the policies he’s raising, I think people are going to have to look a lot more at it and understand it before they pull a curtain and they’re actually gonna vote for someone who’s anti establishment.” ",1
11147,Davos elite alarmed at prospect of nominee Trump," DAVOS, Switzerland (Reuters) - “Unbelievable”, “embarrassing” even “dangerous” are some of the words the financial elite gathered at the World Economic Forum conference in the Swiss resort of Davos have been using to describe U.S. Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump.  Although some said they still expected his campaign to founder before his party picks its nominee for the November election many said it was no longer unthinkable that he could be the Republican candidate.  Some noted that whatever the outcome, a heated campaign, which has also seen self-proclaimed Socialist Bernie Sanders provide a tough challenge to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination, could alter the U.S. political environment, giving vent to new populist anger on both sides of the political divide.  Trump's nationalist rhetoric, particularly proposals to ban Muslims from entering the United States, tax goods made abroad and build a wall on the Mexican border, were never the sort of thing to appeal to the free trade crowd that typically gathers at events like the annual Davos economic forum.  “Clearly it is not a rhetoric that is inviting for integration,” said Chile’s Finance Minister, Rodrigo Valdes, referring to his comments on the campaign trail.  “In Chile we have a deep view that integration of the Americas is a good thing, whether it is goods, financing and yes people. So I’d be happier with a more welcoming rhetoric.”  Among the present and former government officials in the Swiss resort was Eric Cantor, former Republican majority leader in the U.S. House of Representatives, now vice-chairman of Moelis & Co, an investment bank. Like much of the Republican party’s establishment, he had cold words for Trump.  “He’s not serious. He’s amazing at promoting his personal brand and reflecting an underlying anger at home,” Cantor said.  “Trump Fever is an unsustainable phenomenon that will not translate into a victory for the candidate.”  But for Ray Nolte, chief investment officer of Skybridge Capital, a $13 billion hedge fund whose founder has supported other Republican candidates including Jeb Bush, such establishment pronouncements sound like wishful thinking.  “Is Donald going to be the nominee? I don’t know. It’s sure looking that way now,” Nolte said. “Anyone here (at Davos) who is in the mainstream says there is no way he could possibly get the nomination. When I hear that, it probably means it is going to happen.”  Noting the challenge to Clinton from Sanders, which he said could pull her to the left on issues like financial regulation, Nolte said institutional investors were already paying attention to the prospect of increased U.S. political volatility from the election.  Arianna Huffington, whose Huffington Post news website once insisted on covering Trump, a former reality TV star, as an entertainment figure rather than a politician, said the site reversed its policy once he announced his proposal to ban Muslims from entering the United States, which made him too ""dangerous"" to ignore.   “I feel the mainstreaming of Donald Trump, instead of him being treated as an extreme, dangerous candidate, is really the most troubling aspect of American politics right now,” she said.  “He’s being interviewed on all the main shows, and he’s being asked questions about what his first State of the Union address would be like if he wins, instead of actually being forced to answer the tough questions about his policy, especially his policy of wanting to ban Muslims from entering the U.S., which is so dangerous, so un-American and should really be the center of the coverage of Trump.”  For Dominic Barton, global managing director for business consultancy McKinsey, Trump has turned the political campaign itself into “entertainment”, which could hurt the global image of the United States.  “It’s a bit embarrassing globally. But I think there’s a big difference between the rhetoric and the reality, and I think most people will see that and discount it. But it’s incredible how long its been going for. It’s just unbelievable,” he said.  But not everyone is worried. Sandeep Dadlani, executive vice president of Indian outsourcing firm Infosys, said his firm has earned the majority of its revenue in the United States for more than 30 years.  ""We have seen many elections come and go. It is common in all election seasons for rhetoric and extreme personalities to shine. Inevitably we have found governments from both sides to eventually come up with sensible policies,"" he said.   (Reporting by Martinne Geller, Carmel Crimmins, Noah Barkin and others; Writing by Peter Graff; editing by Anna Willard)",1
11148,U.S. tightens visa waiver rules for visitors after Paris attacks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Thursday began implementing restrictions to its Visa Waiver Program under a law passed after last year’s Paris attacks that makes it harder for citizens of some countries to visit. Several of the Islamic State attackers who killed 130 people in France held European passports that would have allowed them to easily enter the United States under the former system. Citizens of the 38, mainly European, countries in the U.S. Visa Waiver Program (VWP), who were previously able to travel to the United States for up to 90 days without a visa, must now obtain one if they have visited Iran, Iraq, Sudan and Syria since March 1, 2011.     They must also obtain a visa if they are dual Iranian, Iraqi, Sudanese or Syrian nationals, the U.S. State Department said. Citizens from the 38 nations are required to obtain a travel authorization through the so-called Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) before coming to the United States. The State Department said that as of Thursday it would revoke the ESTA travel authorizations held by citizens from the 38 Visa Waiver Program countries if they are dual Iranian, Iraqi, Sudanese or Syrian citizens. However, it noted that under the new law the U.S. secretary of homeland security has the authority to issue waivers to the restrictions on law enforcement or national security grounds. People who could be eligible for a waiver include those who visited Iran, Iraq, Sudan or Syria on behalf of international organizations or humanitarian groups, or journalists who carried out reporting in the four countries. They may also include people who traveled for legitimate business reasons to Iraq or to Iran following the July 14, 2015 nuclear agreement. The Visa Waiver Program nations are Andorra, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brunei, Chile, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, San Marino, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan and United Kingdom. ",1
11149,"Drug exec Shkreli, lawmakers clash ahead of congressional hearing ","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli was on a collision course with Congress on Thursday as lawmakers warned he could be prosecuted for contempt if he does not appear next week for a hearing about drug prices.  A lawyer for Shkreli informed the U.S. House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of his intent not to answer questions and asked that he be excused from appearing, committee chairman Jason Chaffetz wrote in the letter dated Wednesday. The plan to remain silent contrasts with Shkreli’s prolific use of social media, where he has been outspoken on Twitter and livestream video even after his indictment last month on criminal charges of securities fraud. The Oversight Committee subpoenaed Shkreli to appear on Tuesday to discuss his decision as chief executive of Turing Pharmaceuticals to raise the price of a life-saving medicine, Daraprim, by more than 5,000 percent. Shkreli, 32, has said he would invoke his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination. On Twitter, he told followers it was “disgusting and insulting” for lawmakers to try to subvert that right. The Fifth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution says that no person shall be compelled in any criminal case “to be a witness against himself.” The dispute appeared likely to end in one of two ways: with Shkreli appearing in Washington on Tuesday to invoke that right, or with Shkreli staying home in New York, prompting the committee to vote to hold him in contempt and setting off a potential criminal prosecution. Shkreli resigned as chief executive officer of Turing last month after his arrest on the fraud charges. Turing had acquired Daraprim, a 62-year-old drug, and caused a public furor when it drastically increased the price. Fights over congressional testimony are common, especially when potential witnesses are facing criminal prosecution and their testimony could later be used against them.  Some well-known witnesses, such as former IRS official Lois Lerner and former Enron chief financial officer Andrew Fastow, refused to answer questions from Congress but were required to appear in person in front of lawmakers and cameras before invoking that right. It was unclear on Thursday whether Shkreli would make the trip to do the same. His release on bond restricts him to certain parts of New York state, and he is required to ask a judge for a waiver to travel. One of Shkreli’s lawyers has informed the Oversight Committee that Shkreli has taken no steps to seek a travel waiver, said Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the committee’s top Democrat. “If he plans on trying to use his own intentional inaction as some kind of bogus excuse for not showing up at Tuesday’s hearing, people will see right through such a juvenile tactic,” Cummings said in a statement on Thursday. Chaffetz, a Utah Republican, warned in his letter to Shkreli defense attorney Baruch Weiss that Shkreli could face criminal prosecution for contempt if he fails to appear. “Mr. Shkreli is uniquely qualified to answer questions about rising prescription drug prices,” Chaffetz wrote. The threat of prosecution is more than theoretical. In 1952, mobster Frank Costello was convicted of contempt of Congress for failing to appear as a witness when he said he had laryngitis. Chaffetz in his letter held out the possibility of a compromise, writing that the committee may agree to hear testimony in a non-public session or to immunize the testimony so that it could not be used in the criminal prosecution. Immunizing the testimony, though, would require the support of two-thirds of the committee. Complicating the dispute is Shkreli’s decision this week to seek new lawyers, replacing a team from the law firm Arnold & Porter with others still to be named. The criminal charges against Shkreli stem from his prior management of hedge fund MSMB Capital Management and biopharmaceutical company Retrophin Inc (RTRX.O). Prosecutors said Shkreli engaged in a Ponzi-like scheme, defrauding hedge fund investors and then misappropriating $11 million in assets from Retrophin to repay them. Shkreli, who was also until recently chief executive of KaloBios Pharmaceuticals Inc KBIOQ.PK has pleaded not guilty, and on Twitter has called the allegations “baseless and without merit.” ",1
11150,Michigan governor will be called to congressional hearing on Flint water crisis,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Michigan Governor Rick Snyder and other officials will be called to testify next month to a congressional panel about the crisis over lead-contaminated water in the city of Flint, a congressional office said on Thursday. U.S. Representative Brenda Lawrence, a Democrat, requested the Feb. 3 hearing of the House of Representatives Oversight and Government Reform Committee last week, said her communications director, Tracy Manzer. The invitation will be specifically for the governor and he cannot send a representative on his behalf, Manzer said. Susan Hedman, administrator for the Environmental Protection Agency’s Region 5 office in Chicago, and Dan Wyant, former director of Michigan’s Department of Environmental Quality, are among the other invitees. Wyant resigned in December over the growing crisis in Flint. Flint, a financially strapped city north of Detroit, switched water supplies in 2014 to save money. Complaints about the water began within a month of the change, but officials did not take steps to remedy the situation until October 2015 after tests showed elevated levels of lead in some tap water in the city and in some children. “The purpose of the hearing is to identify precisely what went wrong in the process and to ensure that those who were responsible are to be held accountable and that this never happens again,” Manzer said. Snyder, a Republican, has rejected calls from critics for his resignation over the crisis. He asked the Michigan state legislature this week to approve $28 million to assist Flint and said there would be additional funding requests. The Michigan House approved the funding unanimously on Wednesday and the bill was in the Senate on Thursday. The U.S. House committee can subpoena people to appear before it if they do not respond to invitations. (Story corrects headline and paragraphs 1, 2 to show governor will be called to testify but has not been called yet. Representative Lawrence’s spokeswoman corrected what she previously said.) ",1
11151,EPA actions in Flint water crisis to be examined: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will ensure that federal officials are held accountable if any wrongdoing is uncovered in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s handling of the water contamination crisis in Flint, Michigan, the White House said on Thursday. “The president believes that the principle of accountability is important, particularly when the stakes are this high,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters at a briefing.  Noting that the Justice Department was investigating the contamination of Flint’s water supply, Earnest said Obama will make sure that EPA officials are held responsible for any “errors or wrongdoing” that may be uncovered. Obama on Wednesday said it was “inexplicable and inexcusable” that families in Flint were not immediately notified about the contaminated water. Federal and local government agencies have faced criticism for their response to the crisis in Flint, where a switch in water supply for the cash-strapped city of 100,000 north of Detroit led to elevated levels of lead in drinking water. High levels of lead in the blood can cause brain damage and other health problems.  While the Obama administration has repeatedly stressed oversight of the Flint’s water was primarily the responsibility of state and local authorities, the EPA has said it did not act fast enough to address the problem. Complaints about Flint’s water began within a month after the city switched to Flint River water in April 2014 to save money. The city had been using the Lake Huron as its water source.  Flint did not return to the Lake Huron water supply until October 2015, after tests showed elevated levels of lead in Flint tap water and in some children. ",1
11152,Nominee for U.S. Army secretary warns about impact of further troop cuts,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The nominee to be the next U.S. Army secretary told lawmakers on Thursday that cutting the size of the force had increased the risk to American security and that further reductions would require a rethinking of the Army’s role and priorities. Eric Fanning, a longtime senior defense official who would be the first openly gay military service secretary, told his confirmation hearing that reducing the Army to 450,000 troops by 2018 from about 490,000 currently, was manageable but would increase the risk to national security. The Pentagon is in the process of cutting almost $1 trillion in projected defense spending over a decade under a 2011 deal approved by the White House and Congress. Cutting the active-duty Army to 420,000 soldiers, which could be required if the spending cuts are not reversed, “would require a whole new set of assumptions and guidance on what the Army is supposed to do and what its priorities should be,” said Fanning, who would replace Army Secretary John McHugh, who stepped down several months ago. Republican presidential candidates have blasted the cuts, promising more military spending to confront international threats including Islamic State. Fanning would bring unique experience to the job because he has served at senior levels in all three branches of the U.S. armed forces, including stints as acting Air Force secretary and acting Army secretary. Members of the Senate Armed Services Committee were largely positive about Fanning’s nomination, although the panel waited several months to take it up, leading the administration to name him acting Army secretary. That prompted Republican Senator John McCain, chairman of the committee, to write a letter to the White House in November charging Fanning’s appointment as acting secretary was a violation of a law barring nominees from taking steps that presume they will be confirmed. While the White House disagreed, Fanning stepped down in deference to McCain’s concerns and has since been preparing for the confirmation hearing. Advocacy groups said Fanning’s nomination was a significant sign of progress in protecting the rights of gays and lesbians to serve in the world’s most powerful military. For many years, the U.S. military followed a “don’t ask, don’t tell” policy that allowed gays to serve only if they did not disclose their sexual orientation. It abolished that policy in 2011. ",1
11153,Fox News says Google to partner in Jan. 28 Iowa Republican debate,"(Reuters) - Fox News Channel said on Thursday it would join with Google to host the Republican presidential primary debate to be held on  Jan. 28 in Des Moines, Iowa. The debate will incorporate real-time Google trends and data to determine questions for the candidates and viewers will be able to interact with the debate on the Google Trends home page, Fox News Channel said in a statement. ",1
11154,Illinois governor backs 'Democratic' state pension-cost plan,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner and Republican legislative leaders said on Thursday they will endorse what they called a Senate Democratic approach to curbing the state’s $111 billion unfunded pension liability. But Senate President John Cullerton, a Chicago Democrat, said the plan promoted by the Republican governor goes beyond what he supports because of curbs on collective bargaining. Rauner said the initiative would give workers a choice between having future salary increases count toward their pensions or continuing to receive 3 percent compounded annual cost-of-living increases upon retirement. “This does not go as far as we need to ... But it’s a step in the right direction,” Rauner told reporters at a news conference. He added it would save the state $1 billion annually and affect four of the state’s five pension funds. Illinois has the worst-funded pensions and lowest credit ratings among the 50 states. An impasse between Rauner and Democrats who control the legislature has left the fifth-largest state without a budget seven months into fiscal 2016.  Rauner said the so-called consideration approach will be constitutional as long as salary increases are removed from collective bargaining with labor unions.  “We apparently still have a fundamental disagreement over the role of collective bargaining in this process, in the sense that I think collective bargaining should continue to exist and the governor does not,” Cullerton said in a statement. An aide to House Speaker Michael Madigan characterized the governor’s track record on pensions as anti-working family. “What he wants to do is destroy middle-class families whether it’s over pensions or wages or injuries on the job site,” said Steve Brown, a spokesman for Madigan. Easing pension costs was made harder after the Illinois Supreme Court last May tossed out a 2013 state law that would have saved as much as $145 billion over 30 years, ruling that public sector workers have iron-clad protection in the state constitution against cuts to retirement benefits. The high court could rule as soon as Friday on a union challenge to a 2014 state law to shore up two of Chicago’s financially struggling pension funds.  The city used a consideration argument to defend the law, claiming that pension benefit cuts and higher pension contributions will save the funds from insolvency. Union coalition We Are One Illinois contended the governor’s plan was unconstitutional. “A forced choice between two diminished options is no choice at all and forbidden by the court,” it said. ",1
11155,"As Obama pushes agenda, Texas leads legal push-back","AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - Among the few certainties in the current U.S. political environment are that immigration will be a flashpoint, abortion will remain divisive and Texas will sue the administration of President Barack Obama. Since Obama, a Democrat, took office in January 2009, the most populous Republican-controlled state has filed suit against his administration 39 times. On Tuesday, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to take on one of the more notable cases and decide the legality of Obama’s unilateral 2014 action to shield from deportation more than 4 million immigrants in the country illegally. For Texas politicians, suing Obama is a badge of honor. Its attorney general’s office has an annual budget of more than $600 million, more than five times higher than other major Republican strongholds such as Arizona. Current Governor Greg Abbott sued the Obama administration 31 times when he was attorney general. Current Attorney General Ken Paxton, who succeeded Abbott last year, has sued eight times.  “I am enjoying being governor of Texas but there is one thing that I miss. It is that I no longer get to wake up and go to the office and sue the federal government,” Abbott told a conservative forum this month in Austin. No other Republican state comes close to the number of such filings and often they join Texas-led suits, as happened with the immigration filing that now has attracted 25 other states. For Texas, whose $1.6 trillion a year economy is bigger than many countries including U.S. ally South Korea, spending on suits against the federal government is comparatively miniscule, at around $5.1 million as of December 2014, the Texas Tribune reported, based on disclosures it received from the office.  The office is a powerful machine with more than a million legal hours billed to litigation and counseling, according to its budget report.  The attorney general’s Office of the Solicitor General boasts nearly 20 lawyers who specialize in appellate work in venues like the U.S. Supreme Court, the Supreme Court of Texas and the New Orleans-based 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.  There is also a litigation division of about 30 lawyers with which the solicitor general can team up and present cases such as the one on Obama’s executive action on immigration.  Texas loses more often than it wins and it has a great deal of litigation still pending before judges that may outlast Obama’s presidency, which ends in January 2017. Under Paxton, Texas has sued the federal government on issues including U.S. Environmental Protection Agency regulations, taxes under Obama’s signature healthcare law and blocking the resettlement of Syrian refugees in the state. Texas is a lead party in the two biggest cases before the U.S. Supreme Court during its current term, which ends in June. In addition to the immigration case, Texas is defending a state law being challenged by abortion providers that contend the Republican-backed statute is aimed at shutting clinics that perform the procedure. The high court is due to hear arguments in the abortion case on March 2 and is expected to hear the immigration arguments the following month. “Texas, being an economically and demographically important state, is a natural to take a leadership role if there is a challenge to federal power that a lot of states want to make,” said Matthew Wilson, a political science professor at Southern Methodist University in Dallas. The lawsuits often follow a similar philosophical idea of challenging what Texas and other Republican-governed states see as an overreach of federal power at the expense of states’ rights, he added. “We don’t just represent Texas. You can call it ‘Red State America’ or ‘Tea Party America,’ but Texas is a voice for a lot of those people nationally,” said Chip Roy, a top official in the attorney general’s office who once served as chief of staff for Texas Senator Ted Cruz, a leading candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in November’s election.  Cruz, a former U.S. Supreme Court clerk, helped bolster his political career when he served as Texas solicitor general from 2003 to 2008. He ramped up the office under Republican former Governor Rick Perry and helped forge challenges to what the state saw as federal overreach.  “We are proud to have Texas leading the charge in defending the rule of law,” Cruz said on Tuesday after the Supreme Court announced it would hear the immigration case. Roy said in an interview the state’s leaders and a majority of its citizens want to protect the ideal of governing themselves. “It is part of who we are,” Roy said, “and that actually influences significantly our willingness, and our drive, to push back on Washington when we believe they are overstepping their constitutional authority.” ",1
11156,"Goldman-run funds most popular with Republican candidates, disclosures show","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Presidential hopeful Ted Cruz has in the past week been answering questions about a loan he got from Goldman Sachs in 2012. But he is far from alone among Republican candidates in having a financial relationship with the Wall Street investment bank in recent years.  A Reuters analysis of the financial disclosures of the 12 Republicans left in the race to be the party’s candidate in the November presidential election shows that funds run by Goldman have been a favorite investment destination for them. It shows that the Republican candidates and their spouses collectively held 57 Goldman investments, that is more than double the 28 they had from the second most popular source, Vanguard Group, which is one of the world’s largest investment management firms.  For a graphic of the Goldman and Vanguard investments by the candidates and their spouses, see tmsnrt.rs/23cVSNJ Last week, the New York Times reported that Cruz, whose wife Heidi Cruz is on leave from her job as a managing director at Goldman’s wealth management arm, had borrowed as much as $500,000 from Goldman to help him in his successful campaign for a Senate seat in 2012 and didn’t disclose it in campaign finance reports. Cruz, who is currently second to Donald Trump in a Reuters/Ipsos poll of Republican voters and is ahead in polls for the Iowa caucus on Feb. 1, has paid back the loan in full. Cruz told reporters last week that the loan didn’t violate any campaign financing rules, and if his disclosure to the Federal Election Commission wasn’t complete then it was a technical and inadvertent error and he would offer to amend the filing. Eight of the Republican presidential hopefuls, Trump, Cruz, Ben Carson, Jeb Bush, John Kasich, Carly Fiorina, Chris Christie, and Jim Gilmore said in financial disclosures that were largely filed between June and August last year that they had owned Goldman funds or Goldman stock, and in some cases both. The disclosures mostly cover the period from the beginning of 2014 to the middle of last year.  Reuters was unable to determine if they still own the funds. There is no indication that there is anything improper about the way the candidates came to invest with Goldman. Goldman declined to comment on the Reuters analysis.  It’s not clear from the candidates’ financial disclosures whether Goldman is managing anyone’s portfolio or whether the aspirants simply bought Goldman products on their own. Goldman also declined to discuss how the candidates came to own the funds, other than to point out that most of them are available through other firms as well as through Goldman.   Spokespeople for Cruz and Bush declined to comment. Representatives for the other six candidates owning Goldman products did not respond to requests for comment. Four candidates, Marco Rubio, Mike Huckabee, Rand Paul, and Rick Santorum had no Goldman funds, according to their financial disclosures last year. The popularity of the Goldman funds shows that the candidates are prepared to trust Goldman to manage their money even as some of them have criticized the investment bank for having too much influence in Washington. Cruz told Bloomberg earlier this year, for example, that Goldman got “special favors” from government. Senator Bernie Sanders, who is fighting Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination, said last Friday that it is time to “shut the revolving door” between Goldman and the government that has seen many senior former Goldman officials end up in top federal jobs in Washington.  He made the statement the day after Goldman had agreed to pay more than $5 billion to settle claims from the federal government, New York and Illinois states, and other agencies, that it misled mortgage bond investors during the financial crisis. Goldman declined to comment on the criticism from Cruz and Sanders. Sanders didn’t own any Goldman funds, based on his filings. It is unclear precisely how much the candidates owned in each fund as the disclosures only provide wide ranges for asset values, for example from $1,001 to $15,000 or $1,000,001 to$5,000,000. In many cases, there is no indication about when they acquired the funds or whether they held onto them, though a small number of the investments are marked as sold in the disclosure forms.  Three Republican candidates in particular have owned multiple Goldman funds: former Hewlett-Packard Co (HPQ.N) (HPE.N) CEO Fiorina and her husband Frank owned 21, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and his wife Mary Pat held 14, while Ted and Heidi Cruz also had 14.  Family connections and other close links may have played a role in the investments, which are mainly managed by the firm’s Goldman Sachs Asset Management arm. Heidi Cruz began working for Goldman in 2005, and was most recently a managing director of private wealth management for the firm in Houston.  Carly Fiorina may not have such a close family connection to Wall Street but she does have long-term ties with Goldman. The firm was Hewlett-Packard’s financial advisor for its brutal and ultimately successful struggle to buy rival PC company Compaq in 2002 when Fiorina was HP’s CEO.   And Christie’s wife, Mary Pat, worked on Wall Street as a managing director at alternative asset manager Angelo, Gordon & Co until leaving her job last year. Many of the funds that the Republican candidates have invested in at Goldman, Vanguard and other fund companies are plain vanilla U.S. stock and fixed-income funds available to other investors.  Some have made more exotic choices.   Ted and Heidi Cruz, for example, owned several high-yield funds, an Asian equity fund, an investment in Goldman Sachs shares, and what appears to be an emerging markets debt fund. Many of the funds have lost value in the past year in line with the recent plunge in the value of stocks and many other financial assets.  Fiorina owned a group of private equity and specialist investment funds that are usually only available to high net-worth individuals or institutional investors. They included: private equity funds that sponsor the leveraged buyout of companies, mezzanine funds that lend to companies, with some specializing in companies in financial distress, and specialized real estate funds. For some of the candidates, the funds are only a small part of their overall wealth – Trump, for example, has his real estate empire and owned many individual stocks, and Fiorina also owned a large portfolio of stocks. The second most popular firm, Vanguard, is best known for providing low-fee index funds that match market moves, and their funds are particularly popular with mom-and-pop investors across the country, with little of the controversy that critics of Wall Street would see in a Goldman relationship.  (Reporting by Luciana Lopez and Grant Smith in New York; Editing by Martin Howell) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11157,Palin's endorsement fails to excite Trump rallygoers,"NORWALK, Iowa (Reuters) - When it comes to influencing the 2016 U.S. presidential race, Sarah Palin’s star power is turning out to be dimmer than expected.  There was no ecstasy in the crowd when the former Alaska governor and vice presidential nominee endorsed Republican front-runner Donald Trump at a rally in Ames, Iowa, on Tuesday night. And at Trump’s next appearance on Wednesday in Norwalk, people who came to see him - both hard-core Trump supporters and undecided voters - said Palin was not swaying them. “They’re going to have to do an image remake of her,” said Joani Estes, 56, of Indianola, Iowa. Estes said her Pentecostal Christian faith made her feel aligned with Palin, but it did not make her feel any more strongly about Trump. She liked him, she said, and was likely going to caucus for him during the state’s nominating contest on Feb. 1 - but she was also keeping the door open for his closest rival, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas. Her friend Jenny Terrell, 55, said Palin’s endorsement made her less certain about her support for Trump. A longtime Democrat, Terrell said she had been inspired by Trump but was put off by Palin’s extreme opposition to abortion rights.  “I was a little disappointed,” she said, adding that even though she knew Trump had declared himself to be against abortion, she did not see him as being as fervently anti-abortion as Palin. As a strategic move in Trump’s competition against Cruz in Iowa, getting an endorsement from Palin made sense, political experts said. She is popular among tea party Republicans who rail against the political establishment, as well as blue-collar evangelical Christians, two groups from which Cruz draws strong support.  It is not yet clear whether evangelical leaders in the state will follow Palin’s lead and choose Trump over Cruz. But Trump had already managed to draw some of those voters with his brash, sweeping talk of keeping refugees out of the United States, building a wall along the Mexican border to stop illegal immigration, and putting education policy back in the hands of local communities.  “I could care less” about Palin’s support for Trump, said Scott Heckart, 49, who said he had made up his mind to caucus for the billionaire businessman and former reality TV star.  Even Andrew Haup, 26 - who said he decided to support U.S. Senator John McCain of Arizona, the Republican presidential nominee in 2008, only after McCain made Palin his running mate - said her endorsement mattered little to him since he had already made up his mind to support Trump. Near the back of the room where Trump spoke on Wednesday morning, Matt Burns, 47, a Cruz supporter, stood alone. He said he had only come to see Trump because his teenage daughter had asked him to take her. He said he liked Palin and was not angry at her for choosing Trump over Cruz, but said her choice was not going to sway him. “For me it doesn’t really do a whole lot,” he said. “I think most people know who they’re going to caucus for.”  (Reporting By Emily Flitter; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11158,No-confidence vote against Pennsylvania approved amid corruption probe,"HARRISBURG, Pa. (Reuters) - The city council of Allentown, Pennsylvania, voted unanimously on Wednesday to approve a resolution expressing “no confidence” in Mayor Ed Pawlowski and urging him to resign as an FBI corruption investigation swirls around city hall. The move followed guilty pleas by three members of Pawlowski’s administration to federal charges stemming from what prosecutors say was a pay-to-play scheme benefiting the mayor, who has held the top job in Pennsylvania’s third-largest city for 10 years. However, the vote by all seven members of the Allentown City Council is non-binding, meaning that they cannot force Pawlowski from office. “No, he doesn’t have to resign,” City Councilman Julio Guridy said before the meeting. “He can stay there until they arrest him.” Pawlowski did not attend the meeting but a spokesman has previously said he did not intend to resign.  “It is disappointing that the City Council has chosen to be politically opportunistic rather than do the job they have been elected to do,” Pawlowski’s attorney, Mark Schamel, said in a statement issued after the vote. “The mayor has not been charged with anything. It is a political stunt.” Schamel said Pawlowski remained committed to serving the city as mayor and urged the public to be patient with the judicial process. Removing an elected official in Pennsylvania is relatively difficult unless that official is convicted of a serious crime. Only the state legislature can remove a mayor through impeachment. Allentown residents spoke on both sides of the issue. “Crime is down everywhere in Allentown except in one place, city hall, where we are,” businessman Chris Cocca said, calling the resolution “the right thing to do.” Antiques dealer Paul Fuhrman said the council was making a mistake: “This is some kind of vendetta.” Dale Wiles, a former assistant city solicitor, pleaded guilty in December to withholding documents from the FBI. Gary Strathearn, the former finance director, and Mary Ellen Koval, the former city controller, pleaded guilty this month to fraud charges. All three are awaiting sentencing. Court papers identify the purported master of the scheme as “Public Official #3.” The city council resolution says Pawlowski is the only city official who fits the description. Pawlowski needed campaign funds in 2014 for an abortive run for governor, and in 2015 for an announced bid for the U.S. Senate that ended when the FBI raided city hall on July 2, 2015. ",1
11159,U.S. immigration case could set limits on presidential power,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court challenge to President Barack Obama’s immigration policies could have an impact far beyond determining whether millions of undocumented immigrants can remain in the country. The case has the potential to constrain the power of Obama’s successor to bypass Congress and act alone.  Should Obama’s order blocking deportations for certain immigrants be invalidated by the justices, the decision could hamper future presidents’ ability to craft policy through executive fiat, legal experts told Reuters.  “The question is not the merits of the immigration issue,” said T. Gerald Treece, a constitutional law professor at the South Texas College of Law in Houston. “The question is what the president’s power is.” The high court said Tuesday it would hear the lawsuit brought by 26 states that seeks to overturn Obama’s 2014 executive order that shields more than 4 million immigrants in the country illegally from deportation proceedings. The Democratic Obama White House, vexed by a hostile, Republican-controlled Congress, has employed the president’s executive authority with increasing frequency. In addition to the executive order on deportations, Obama has acted alone to alter provisions of the Affordable Care Act, limit carbon emissions to combat climate change and toughen the requirements on firearms merchants. Should Obama lose before the Supreme Court, the case could tie the hands of a future president to act in similar ways.  The immigration case likely will be argued before the Supreme Court in April, with a decision handed down at the end of June, guaranteeing that presidential power will be a front-burner issue as the race for the White House intensifies.      In taking the case, the justices indicated they will consider whether Obama violated not just federal immigration statutes but the Constitution as well, raising the possibility that the court could articulate a forward-looking principle that limits the reach of a president’s executive authority - particularly with regard to domestic issues. Presidents historically enjoy more freedom to act unilaterally when it comes to foreign affairs.  “If the Supreme Court rules against the administration on that ground, that would have a more positive impact on the limits of the president’s power on domestic policy,” said Todd Gaziano, a constitutional law expert with the conservative Pacific Legal Foundation and a former Justice Department lawyer.  The justices’ decision to allow a constitutional challenge to Obama’s actions was seized upon by Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, a leading contender for the Republican presidential nomination.  Cruz, the former top advocate for the state of Texas before the Supreme Court, published an article last year in a Harvard Law School journal condemning what he termed the administration’s “lawlessness.” On the stump, however, Cruz has promised to roll back the Affordable Care Act as well as unilaterally terminate the Obama administration’s nuclear pact with Iran, both examples of aggressive presidential action.  Presidents tend to favor a generous reading of their authority and resist any court-imposed limitations, said Kenneth Mayer, an executive power scholar at the University of Wisconsin. Indeed, in 2008, Obama ran for president criticizing President George W. Bush’s expansive use of executive power, which included a warrantless wiretapping program and indefinite detention of terror suspects. Once in office, Obama continued many of Bush’s counterterrorism policies and has zealously guarded presidential power.  During his second term, Obama declared a “Year of Action” and vowed to use his “pen and phone” to issue policy directives in the face of congressional inaction. The immigration order came soon thereafter.  Cruz could experience a similar conversion should he reach the White House. “The world looks very different from the Oval Office than it does from the campaign trail,” Mayer said. Mayer predicts the court will not go as far as to set limits on a president’s executive power, and will instead likely narrowly tailor its ruling to the immigration issue in question. Still, he concedes with conservatives holding a 5-4 majority “it’s possible the court will impose some constraints.”  (Additional reporting by Jim Forsyth; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11160,U.S. Treasury Secretary urges Congress to act on Puerto Rico,"SAN JUAN (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Wednesday said that while the Obama administration was ready to do all it could to help debt-ridden Puerto Rico, only Congress could deliver truly effective change. Lew, speaking in San Juan where he met with the island’s governor, Alejandro Garcia Padilla, as well as business and labor leaders, last week urged Congress to urgently pass legislation by the end of March to help the island struggling with $70 billion debt.  He has called for legislation to allow Puerto Rico to restructure its debts paired with independent fiscal oversight.  “We will leave no stone unturned in looking for things we can do both administratively and using our convening authority to ... help solve these problems,” Lew said at a press briefing on Wednesday morning. “But using all the tools we have still won’t be as effective as Congressional action. That’s why the time for Congress to act is now.”  Puerto Rico has begun to default on some of its bond issues and is negotiating with creditors to restructure its borrowings, but is facing a lawsuit from bond insurers who backed its debt. Extending Chapter 9 to Puerto Rico, which currently does not have the ability to put its public agencies into bankruptcy, has been long debated. Democrats have been generally supportive of proposals but a number of Republicans have shown skepticism. Lew reiterated there would be no federal bailout, saying Puerto Rico won’t be able to find a “path out of insolvency and back to growth” unless creditors make sacrifices in an orderly restructuring. Still, he stressed the Treasury was doing all it could. Speaking to reporters later on Wednesday, Lew said the Treasury has bolstered its team dedicated to Puerto Rico, providing technical assistance on issues such as revenue collection.  “The Treasury team is part of a broader administration-wide effort jointly led by the White House,” he said.  Lew added that a restructuring could also help Puerto Rican retirees. The island’s main pensions face a roughly $45 billion unfunded liability that stands to be depleted by 2019. “Coming out of a comprehensive restructuring, I think that pensioners could end up with more security than they have right now,” Lew said.  A legislative solution could also include introducing a control board for the island. Lew said that any oversight would have to be done in a way that is respectful of Puerto Rico’s system of self-government. ",1
11161,U.S. lawmakers delay bill on European data privacy deal,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Legislation that would grant U.S. privacy rights to Europeans is being delayed in the U.S. Senate, which may complicate negotiations over a broader trans-Atlantic data transfer pact that faces a January deadline for completion, sources said on Wednesday. The Judicial Redress Act, which would allow citizens of European allied countries to sue over data privacy in the United States, is “likely to be held” from a scheduled vote on Thursday in the Senate Judiciary Committee, a panel aide said.  Passage of the legislation is viewed as an important step toward securing a new “Safe Harbor” framework after the previous one was struck down by a top European Union court last year amid concerns about U.S. surveillance. More than 4,000 firms, including tech behemoths such as Google and IBM, have been relying on the 15-year-old Safe Harbor framework to freely transfer data between the United States and Europe, which has far stricter rules on the privacy of personal information. But that deal was ruled invalid last October by the Court of Justice of the European Union, which cited revelations about U.S. mass surveillance by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden. European Union data protection authorities have given Brussels and Washington until the end of January to strike a new Safe Harbor agreement for transferring personal data.  Industry executives are growing increasingly alarmed that the new Safe Harbor agreement will not be completed in time. The Information Technology Industry Council, a Washington-based trade organization that represents Apple, Microsoft and other major tech companies, sent some of its executives to Europe on Wednesday to press for a quick resolution. A spokesman for the organization, which warned of “enormous” consequences in a letter this week to President Barack Obama and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker if a pact is not forged soon, said its leaders are meeting with government and data protection authorities in several cities, including Dublin, Amsterdam, Berlin and London, ahead of the deadline. EU privacy regulators are due to meet on Feb. 2 to decide if they should begin enforcement action against companies if they determine all transfer mechanisms violate EU law and there is no new framework in place. ",1
11162,Senate Democrats block Syria refugee bill ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senate Democrats on Wednesday narrowly blocked legislation that would slow the entry of refugees from Syria and Iraq to the United States in a contentious vote cloaked in presidential election-year politics. The vote was 55-43, with “yes” votes falling short of the 60 needed to advance the Republican-backed measure in the 100-member Senate. No Republicans voted against the bill, and only two Democrats backed it. Among other things, the bill would halt the admission of refugees and require high-level U.S. officials to verify that each refugee from Iraq and Syria posed no security risk before being allowed into the United States. Republicans said the tighter screening was essential to ensure the safety of Americans and prevent attacks within the country by Islamic State and other militant groups. “This bipartisan bill would allow Washington to step back, take a breath and ensure it has the correct policies and security screenings in place,” Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in the Senate before the vote. Democrats called the legislation an attack on people who  are fleeing war. They accused Republicans of holding the vote to allow their 2016 presidential candidates serving in the Senate to back legislation touted as tough on security. All three Senate Republican 2016 presidential hopefuls, Ted Cruz, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio, backed the bill. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders missed the vote. Democrats also sought to play politics. They tried and failed to reach a deal with Republicans to set up a vote on an amendment establishing a religious test for would-be immigrants. That vote was planned to see if Republicans would side against presidential candidate Donald Trump, who has advocated barring Muslims from entering the United States.   The Syria refugee bill passed the House by a large margin days after the Nov. 13 Islamic State attacks in Paris. The bill was supported by dozens of Democrats who defied Democratic President Barack Obama’s veto threat. “We need to talk about efforts to defeat ISIS, not creating more paperwork for cabinet secretaries,” Harry Reid, the Senate Democratic leader, told reporters before the vote. It currently takes 18-24 months for Syrian refugees to be screened before they can move to the United States. Washington has offered refuge to far fewer of the millions fleeing war in Syria and Iraq than many of its closest allies in Europe and the Middle East. Obama announced last year that he would admit 10,000 Syrians. ",1
11163,U.S. congressional committee subpoenas ex-drug CEO Shkreli,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional committee has demanded that former drug executive Martin Shkreli appear at a hearing on drug prices to testify about his former company’s decision to raise the price of a lifesaving medicine by more than 5,000 percent, congressional aides said on Wednesday. Shkreli, who is separately facing federal criminal charges that he defrauded investors, has been served with a subpoena to appear on Jan. 26 before the U.S. House of Representatives’ Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, the aides said. The Senate’s Special Committee on Aging, which is also investigating the company’s drug pricing practices, said on Wednesday that Shkreli has invoked the U.S. Constitution’s Fifth Amendment against self-incrimination, and has refused to produce subpoenaed documents. Shkreli, 32, fired back at lawmakers on Twitter, writing on Wednesday that the House was “busy whining to healthcare reporters about me appearing for their chit chat next week. Haven’t decided yet. Should I?” He declined an interview request. The outspoken entrepreneur sparked a firestorm last year after he raised the price of Daraprim, a decades-old treatment for a dangerous parasitic infection, to $750 a pill from $13.50 after acquiring it. The medicine once sold for $1 a pill. Shkreli pleaded not guilty last month to criminal charges that he ran his companies like a Ponzi scheme, using each subsequent company to pay off defrauded investors from a prior company. After his arrest, he stepped down as chief executive of Turing Pharmaceuticals and was fired as chief executive of KaloBios Pharmaceuticals Inc. KaloBios also filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Shkreli’s past companies also include Retrophin Inc, which sued him for alleged mismanagement. Testifying before Congress is risky for someone facing criminal charges because of the chance they could say something prosecutors would later use at a trial. For that reason, many such witnesses invoke the Fifth Amendment and refuse to answer questions. To even travel to Washington, Shkreli is required to first get the sign-off of a federal judge because his release on bond restricts him to certain parts of New York state. However, judges typically grant temporary travel waivers to white-collar defendants. U.S. Representative Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the top Democrat on the oversight committee, said the hearing will give Shkreli a chance to explain his views on drug pricing. “I have been trying for the better part of a year to get information from Martin Shkreli about his outrageous price increases, and he has obstructed our investigation at every turn,” Cummings said in a statement. ",1
11164,Obama does victory lap for car industry but it is different from what he hoped,"DETROIT (Reuters) - President Barack Obama, facing Republican criticism over the state of the economy, did a Detroit victory lap on Wednesday to showcase the auto companies his administration helped save, but the industry has not turned out the way he hoped in 2009. Obama has held out his bailout of General Motors (GM.N) and Chrysler during the U.S. recession as examples of tough decisions he made that paid off both for the economy and the environment. “The auto industry here in the United States has figured out that we can make more fuel-efficient cars that reduce the carbon pollution that is causing climate change, and make a profit - and put more people to work,” Obama told a crowd at a United Auto Workers Union center for workers at GM. But car companies are still churning out gas-guzzling sport utility vehicles to meet consumer demand, going against Obama’s hope that higher fuel-economy models would win the day. Sales of SUVs rose 16 percent in 2015, while car sales fell 2 percent. Although new SUVs are more efficient than prior models, they still burn more gasoline than cars. About 59 percent of U.S. vehicle sales last year were sport utility vehicles, pickup trucks or other big vehicles, up from 54 percent in 2014. Low gas prices have boosted the trend. A Ford Motor Co (F.N) plant in Michigan that Obama visited a year ago is ending production of small cars in 2018 and is expected to switch to SUVs to help meet soaring demand. The White House noted the industry was on track to double fuel efficiency and cut emissions by half by 2025. During a stop at the North American International Auto Show, Obama sought to give a push to electric cars. Obama joked that he was in town to browse for a new car himself because he had to give up his limo, affectionately known as “The Beast,” when he leaves office next year.  He sat in the driver’s seat of a 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV, an all-electric car the White House said could travel about 200 miles (320 km) on a single charge. The president declared it a nice-looking car. Electric vehicle sales fell last year by 6 percent to 115,000, and the administration has said it would not meet its goal of getting 1 million plug-in cars on U.S. roads by 2015. To date, about 400,000 electric vehicles have been sold.  Without naming names, the president pounded Republicans for opposing the bailout and trying to outdo each other by “peddling fiction” about the state of the U.S. economy. “When one says our economy is terrible, the next says it’s terrible, and on fire, and covered in bees!” he said. “These are the same folks who would have let this industry go under,” he said. Obama’s visit to Detroit did not include a stop in nearby Flint, which is in the throes of a water contamination crisis that has forced the state’s Republican governor to apologize. Obama pledged his support to the community. “If I were a parent up there, I would be beside myself that my kid’s health could be at risk,” he said. ",1
11165,Shkreli takes the Fifth for Senate committee on drug pricing,"(Reuters) - Martin Shkreli, former chief executive officer at Turing Pharmaceuticals, has invoked the Fifth Amendment, refusing to produce documents subpoenaed by the Senate Special Committee on Aging, which is investigating the company’s drug pricing practices, the committee’s chairman, U.S. Senator Susan Collins, said on Wednesday. ",1
11166,"U.S. senator was told of link between Iran sanctions, prisoners","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - When implementation of the Iran nuclear pact was looming and a secret prisoner swap deal in the works, Obama administration officials called the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in early January to ask him to put a hold on calls for sanctions over Tehran’s missile test, the senator told Reuters. Senator Bob Corker is the first U.S. senator to confirm reports by Reuters that there was a link between the Obama administration’s delaying sanctions over Iran’s ballistic missile program and efforts to free Americans held prisoner there. He had hoped that the ballistic sanctions would be imposed before the nuclear sanctions were lifted. “I just thought that that was a better place for us to be, that we were going to be firm in implementing the deal,” he told Reuters at the U.S. Senate late on Tuesday. However, he added, “Once I knew that the hostages were wrapped in all of that, I realized it may be difficult for that to occur.” Sources described to Reuters before the prisoner deal was announced how Secretary of State John Kerry and other officials scrambled to ensure that the possibility of new sanctions over Iran’s ballistic missile program did not derail the effort. Corker had been pushing hard for the administration to impose new sanctions since Tehran’s ballistic missile tests last year. After the sanctions were almost announced and then delayed on Dec. 30, he issued a strong statement on Jan. 1 calling for action. Corker was then contacted by President Barack Obama’s administration about the link to American prisoners and decided to hold off on more calls for sanctions, for a time. “I didn’t know who we were swapping for, but I knew that the ballistic missile sanctions were being held until such a time that we could work something out on the hostages,” Corker said. “Once you know that we’ve got an opportunity to get four Americans out, obviously we turn the volume off,” he added, A Swiss plane left Iran on Sunday with Jason Rezaian, the Washington Post’s Tehran bureau chief; Saeed Abedini, a pastor from Idaho; and Amir Hekmati, a former U.S. Marine from  Michigan, as well as some family members. Another released Iranian-American, Nosratollah Khosravi-Roodsari, stayed behind. A fifth prisoner, American student Matthew Trevithick, was released separately on Saturday. The U.S. Treasury Department said on Sunday after the release that it had imposed the sanctions on 11 companies and individuals for supplying Iran’s ballistic missile program. ",1
11167,Pastor freed from prison in Iran to return to U.S. on Thursday: wife,"(Reuters) - A pastor from Idaho who was among five American prisoners released by Iran over the weekend will return to the United States on Thursday from Germany, his wife said on Wednesday. “Saeed will be landing on American soil Thursday evening,” Naghmeh Abedini said in a Facebook posting.  Saeed Abedini, 35, a naturalized U.S. citizen, was detained in 2012. He was sentenced to eight years in prison in 2013 after being accused of harming Iran’s national security by setting up home-based churches in his native country. “He will spend a few days with his parents and then the kids and I will join him on Monday,” his wife said. The couple have two young children. The Americans’ release coincided with the implementation of a nuclear deal under which international economic sanctions against Iran were lifted in return for curbs on Iran’s atomic program. The White House offered clemency to seven Iranians who were convicted or facing trial in the United States. Abedini, along with Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian and former Marine Amir Hekmati, arrived at a U.S. military hospital in Landstuhl, Germany, on Sunday. Also released by Iran were Iranian-American Nosratollah Khosravi-Roodsari, who stayed behind, and American student Matthew Trevithick. ",1
11168,Yellen to testify at House Financial Services panel February 10: committee,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will appear before the U.S. House of Representatives Financial Services Committee on Feb. 10 to deliver the central bank’s semi-annual monetary policy report, the committee said on Wednesday. The head of the central bank last testified before the committee in July. ",1
11169,Illinois Republicans push for state takeover of Chicago schools,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois’ two top Republican legislators said on Wednesday they will introduce legislation soon to let the state take over the cash-strapped Chicago public school system, permit the district to file for municipal bankruptcy and eventually allow for city-wide school board elections. The plan has the backing of Republican Governor Bruce Rauner, who has embraced allowing local governments facing financial turmoil to file for bankruptcy. But it is strongly opposed by Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who controls the city’s schools, the Chicago Teachers Union, and by Democratic leaders, who control the legislature. Senate Minority Leader Christine Radogno and House Minority Leader Jim Durkin, both Republican allies of Rauner, said a new approach is needed to rescue the Chicago Public Schools (CPS)from financial mismanagement and near collapse. Rauner told reporters Emanuel has failed to address the school district’s fiscal woes over the nearly five years he has been mayor.  “His message to us in state government has been for months, ‘We have a crisis. We need $500 million. We want the state to give it to us.’ That’s not a reasonable message. That’s not a reasonable request,” Rauner said. The nation’s third-largest school system has a structural budget deficit topping $1 billion and credit ratings that have fallen deep into the “junk” level.  The district’s current budget has a $480 million gap that officials hope to fill with bigger pension funding support from the state. But the plan has become entangled in a state budget stalemate between Rauner and Democrats.  The Republicans’ plan would amend an existing law permitting state oversight of fiscally troubled schools to include CPS and allow for an independent authority to run the district, while making it clear the state is not liable for school debt. Once solvency is regained, an elected school board would take control.  The plan would also open the door to Chapter 9 municipal bankruptcy while protecting general obligation bondholders with a statutory lien. “The mayor is 100 percent opposed to Governor Rauner’s ‘plan’ to drive CPS bankrupt,” Emanuel spokeswoman Kelley Quinn said in a statement, adding that the state has been shortchanging Chicago students. House Speaker Michael Madigan rejected the plan, pointing to Michigan’s takeover of the city of Flint, which has led to a health crisis from lead-tainted water. “The disaster in Flint, Michigan, is a very timely example of how reckless decisions just to save a buck can have devastating consequences on children and families,” Madigan said in a statement. Senate President John Cullerton, a Chicago Democrat, said the Republicans’ “mean-spirited” plan is not going to happen.  CPS has scheduled an $875 million bond sale for next week, partly to free up revenue for its sagging budget. ",1
11170,Attorney General Lynch seeks funds for expanded gun checks,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A battle over gun ownership between President Barack Obama and the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress kicked off on Wednesday as lawmakers began weighing whether to fund the administration’s unilateral moves to tighten background checks on buyers. This month, Obama stirred conservative ire with executive action clarifying that all dealers selling guns, including at shows, flea markets, on the Internet or in stores, are required to get licenses and run background checks on buyers. A Senate appropriations panel that funds Justice Department activities used its first hearing of the year to zero in on the new federal guidance that pits gun rights advocates against gun control organizations energized by a series of high-profile mass shootings. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch told the Republican-controlled panel the actions would “bring progress on a number of fronts” in the face of “an epidemic of gun violence.” In urging Congress to approve millions of additional dollars to help her agency hire more agents and conduct background checks around the clock, Lynch said she had “complete confidence” Obama’s moves would survive any court challenges from opponents who argue he has over-stepped his authority. But Senator Richard Shelby, the Republican chairman of an appropriations subcommittee, told Lynch the public fears Obama “is eager to strip them of their Second Amendment rights” to bear arms and warned that the panel “will have no part in undermining the Constitution and the rights it protects.” Obama issued his executive orders after Congress over the past few years refused to pass gun control legislation and as shooters carried out fatal attacks including on an elementary school in Connecticut, a movie theater in Colorado, a Virginia university and a community center in California. Senior Democratic Senator Barbara Mikulski decried a “growing nexus of drugs, crime, guns, violence and murder” that she said resulted in more than 350 people being killed last year just in Baltimore, in her home state of Maryland. Amid the infighting, Republican Senator James Lankford said there likely is common ground on the need for states to improve reporting to federal authorities on people convicted of crimes under state law. “Alabama currently has zero felonies running into the (federal background check) system; California has 4,032. ... Delaware has zero, Maryland, 12, my fine state of Oklahoma has one,” Lankford complained. Congressional appropriators will spend much of this year wrangling over fiscal 2017 funding, such as money for gun background checks. ",1
11171,Electric vehicle sales fall far short of Obama goal  ,"DETROIT (Reuters) - Back in 2008, with gas prices averaging nearly $4 a gallon, President Barack Obama set a goal of getting one million plug-in electric vehicles on the roads by 2015. Since then, his administration has backed billions of dollars in EV subsidies for consumers and the industry. Yet today – with gas prices near $2 a gallon - only about 400,000 electric cars have been sold. Last year, sales fell 6 percent over the previous year, to about 115,000, despite the industry offering about 30 plug-in models, often at deep discounts.  Such challenges are part of the backdrop for Obama’s Wednesday visit to Detroit, where he’s expected to discuss the state of the auto industry. Despite slow plug-in sales, the industry continues to roll out new models in response to government mandates and its own desire to create brands known for environmental innovation. At the Detroit Auto Show last week, General Motors Co(GM.N) showed off its new electric Bolt EV; Ford Motor Co(F.N) unveiled a new plug-in version of its Ford Fusion; and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV(FCHA.MI) unveiled its first plug-in hybrid, a version of its new Pacifica minivan. Ford CEO Mark Fields said last week that EVs “are a difficult sell at $2 a gallon.” Plug-in vehicles accounted for fewer than 1 percent of the 17.4 million cars and trucks sold last year, according to data from HybridCars.com and Baum & Associates, a Michigan-based market research firm. That doesn’t include sales of more mainstream gas-electric hybrids such as the Toyota Prius. But hybrid sales also fell last year - by 15 percent, to 384,000 - and now comprise just 2.2 percent of all vehicle sales.  In his State of the Union Address last week, Obama didn’t specifically address electric vehicles but said: “We’ve got to accelerate the transition away from old, dirtier energy sources.” The main obstacles for electric vehicles are their high cost and short driving range. The Chevy Bolt promises a breakthrough on both fronts, with a 200-mile range and a price starting at about $30,000 - after government incentives. Still, that’s a steep buy-in compared to increasingly efficient gasoline-powered economy cars that can sell for less than $20,000. “If gasoline was $8 a gallon, consumers would amortize the costs of an electric vehicle pretty quickly,” said former GM vice chairman Bob Lutz, who headed up the development of the original Chevy Volt, a pioneering plug-in hybrid. “But at $1.50 a gallon, who is going to be willing to pay an $8,000 or $10,000 premium?” Palo-Alto electric car maker Tesla Motors(TSLA.O) has garnered praise for making high-performance, long-range sport sedans - typically selling for about $100,000 and traveling about 250 miles between charges. But other automakers have struggled to produce a more affordable car with a range longer than 100 miles. Green car advocates say EVs are a crucial part of the effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and will help wean the United States off imported oil. In the long term, they argue, oil prices are almost certain to rise again, making electric cars more viable. The industry is moving ahead with EV development for a number of reasons. Many states, led by California, have imposed zero-emission vehicle mandates. California has set an ambitious goal to have 1.5 million such vehicles on its roads by 2025. The state accounts for about 40 percent of all electric car sales, but only about 120,000 of the 31 million automobiles on California roads as of a year ago were zero-emission vehicles. Many automakers worry that consumers will perceive them as technologically backward if they don’t build electric cars – even if they can’t yet sell them in large numbers. The industry is also responding to an influx of state and federal cash and related mandates. The U.S. Energy Department awarded hundreds of millions of dollars in low-cost loans to spur electric vehicle manufacturing by companies such Nissan Motor Co(7201.T) and Tesla. In 2009, the administration dedicated $2.4 billion of the $787 billion stimulus bill to promote battery and EV production. Consumers can get a federal tax credit of up to $7,500 for buying electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids. The Obama administration has repeatedly proposed boosting the credit to $10,000. Carlos Ghosn, CEO of Nissan - which saw sales of its electric Leaf fall by 43 percent in 2015 - told reporters at the show that automakers are ramping up EV offerings because of increasingly strict government mandates. “Everybody came to the conclusion that there’s no way we can meet the emission regulation in the future” without selling zero-emission vehicles, he said. “This is not going to be an easy shift.” Volkswagen AG(VOWG_p.DE), still reeling from its diesel emissions crisis, has touted plans to introduce 20 more plug-in vehicles by 2020. GM chairman and CEO Mary Barra said she is convinced that customers want EVs and that gas prices won’t stay low forever.  “Long-term electrification is part of the solution,” she said at the show. Lutz, the former GM executive, says automakers have no choice but to build them. Because of government mandates, he said, “Electric vehicles are going to have to be crammed in the market at way below what it costs to make them.” ",1
11172,"Biden, Greece's Tsipras discuss economic reforms: White House","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras discussed Greece’s economic reforms in a meeting on Wednesday in Davos, the White House said on Wednesday. “The leaders agreed on the importance of moving forward as quickly as possible on Greece’s economic reforms, including serious discussions with creditors on debt relief,” the White House said in a statement. ",1
11173,"Exclusive: Billionaire green activist Steyer not ready to back Clinton, open to Sanders","(Reuters) - Billionaire environmental activist Tom Steyer said he is not ready to endorse Hillary Clinton, and he would be open to supporting her main rival, Bernie Sanders, if he becomes the Democratic nominee for president. One of the biggest Democratic donors, Steyer could help Clinton boost her standing among environmentalist activists who are a key constituency within the Democratic Party. Clinton is locked in tight races with Sanders in Iowa and New Hampshire, which both have early nominating contests.  “Our real goal has been not to support any one candidate, but to emphasize and highlight the issue (of climate change) so that the candidates can lay out their solutions and so the American people can have a chance to make a decision,” Steyer said in a telephone interview on Tuesday. After the Democratic Party picks its presidential nominee, that will change. “We have always come out and supported the climate champion,” Steyer said. “The idea that for some reason we wouldn’t do that, I’d have to understand why in hell we didn’t. Because that has been our practice always.” Steyer has been a longtime ally of Clinton’s. He held a fundraiser for her presidential campaign at his home in San Francisco in May. He was also an early supporter of Clinton’s during her 2008 bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. There was no immediate reaction from the Clinton campaign to Steyer’s comments. Steyer, 58, made his fortune through investments, some in fossil fuel energy, at Farallon Capital Management, the San Francisco-based hedge fund he founded in 1986. He stepped down as co-managing partner of Farallon in 2012 to devote himself to full-time activism because, as he later wrote, he “no longer felt comfortable being at a firm that was invested in every single sector of the global economy, including tar sands and oil.” He spent heavily in the 2014 congressional elections to back candidates who could help further his anti-fossil fuel agenda. He paid out over $70 million, more than any other single donor in both parties. Of the seven candidates he supported, three won. Steyer said Clinton's position on energy and climate - which calls for increased use of solar and wind power, lower oil use, and a revamping of the aging U.S. oil and gas pipeline network - was good but needed some work. (here) “I don’t think she’s fully fleshed out everything she has to say about energy and climate,” Steyer said. “I think that as the campaign goes on I would imagine she will put out more detailed plans of exactly what she thinks. I don’t find what she’s said inadequate, but I don’t think it’s complete yet.” Sanders has a climate agenda that on its face appears to resonate more closely with Steyer's - an aggressive move away from fossil fuels, including a ban on hydraulic fracturing. But he has also railed against billionaire influence in politics and has pledged not to accept cash from big donors. (here)  Steyer said Sanders’ views on big money “certainly wouldn’t disqualify him for us, I can tell you that.” “What Bernie Sanders is talking about, which is trying to get back to a more perfect democracy, is something that we support too. We just think that the idea of ... wishing the rules were different and then pretending they were, is something which, unfortunately, probably would be disastrous from the standpoint of energy and climate,” Steyer said. Steyer says he has learned the lessons of the 2014 campaign, when he spent a lot of money in return for relatively little. “When you look at 2014, it was a question of turnout. Americans turned out, and specifically Democrats, turned out in the lowest level they’ve done for 70 years. You’d have to go back to 1942 to see turnout that low. And in young people, the numbers are incredibly low. So the question is, how are we going to motivate those voters to show up?” he said. His environmental organization NextGen Climate is running information campaigns on college campuses in Iowa and New Hampshire and elsewhere in an effort to raise awareness about climate change and the positions of all the presidential candidates. Steyer hopes the effort will reach people of 35 and under, a group he says represents about a third of the country’s electorate and who generally agree that climate change is a problem, but who often pass up the chance to vote.  “We’ve been pushing really hard to get them involved to make them aware of what’s at stake,” he said. Steyer said he was not sure yet how much money the 2016 effort would cost, but acknowledged the project would likely be larger than the one NextGen undertook in 2014. “We never have a budget. We know this stuff changes. What we do will depend on what happens.” Steyer said the 2016 election was critical to consolidating gains for the climate movement in 2015 - a year in which the Obama administration signed onto a global climate pact, blocked the Keystone XL oil sands pipeline from Canada, and ushered in new curbs on oil drilling and air pollution. “If you look at the Republicans, there are a whole bunch of serious Republican candidates who are diametrically opposed to everything the president has spoken about in terms of progressive energy and climate policies. So when you think about what is at stake: almost everything,” he said.   (Editing by Ross Colvin) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11174,Michigan governor apologizes for Flint water crisis,"LANSING, Mich (Reuters) - Michigan Governor Rick Snyder, facing protests, lawsuits and calls for his resignation over drinking water contamination in Flint, on Tuesday apologized to the city’s residents and called for the state to spend $28 million on fixes. “To you, the people of Flint, I say tonight as I have before, I am sorry and I will fix it,” Snyder said in his annual speech to lawmakers, adding that federal, state and local leaders had failed residents. Snyder, a Republican, asked lawmakers to authorize $28 million in spending on diagnostic tests, health treatment for children and adolescents, replacement of old fixtures in Flint schools and day care centers and a study of the city’s water pipes. He also said additional funding would be needed. Some people have reported rashes, hair loss and other problems since Flint, under a state-appointed emergency manager,  switched to Flint River water in April 2014 from a Detroit-run water system to save money, attorneys for the residents said. Complaints about the water began within a month of the switch, but Flint did not return to Detroit water until October 2015 after tests showed elevated levels of lead in Flint tap water and in some children. The corrosive river water caused more lead to leach from Flint pipes than Detroit water did, increasing contaminants in the tap water. President Barack Obama met on Tuesday with recently elected Flint Mayor Karen Weaver over the crisis, which has become part of the U.S. presidential debate with candidates on both sides questioning the slow response. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said it acted too slowly to address the situation in Flint. Snyder promised to release his Flint-related emails from 2014 and 2015 on Wednesday. He has rejected calls for his resignation by some protesters. “Lansing failed in one of its most basic functions, ensuring the well-being and health of our citizens,” state House Democratic Leader Tim Greimel said after the speech. At least 1,000 people protested at the Capitol on Tuesday, some holding baby bottles filled with brown water. “The governor has a business agenda and his business agenda was to take over the water to profit in it,” said Lila Cabbil, a demonstrator from Detroit. Several lawsuits have been filed. The latest on Tuesday asks a judge to stop Flint from issuing shutoff notices to residents, who are still receiving bills for water declared undrinkable. Attorney Cary McGehee said lawyers have heard from more than 500 people reporting health problems and financial hardships. ",1
11175,Obama faces immigration hurdles even if he wins at high court,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - If the U.S. Supreme Court endorses a key immigration initiative of President Barack Obama protecting more than 4 million illegal immigrants from deportation, his administration could face a surge of applicants and little time to process them before he leaves office in January 2017. Obama announced the action in November 2014 but it has never gone into effect, being put on hold by a federal judge in Texas in February 2015. The plan was designed to help illegal immigrant parents of children who are U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents. It would protect them from deportation and give them work authorization. The Supreme Court on Tuesday said it would decide whether Obama acted lawfully in creating the program by executive order, bypassing a gridlocked Congress. If Obama wins when the court rules by the end of June, his administration would have just seven months to implement the program. Obama’s victory could be short-lived because the next president, set to be elected in November, would have the final say on whether to keep the program in place. Democrats including presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton have embraced Obama’s plan. Republican presidential candidates including businessman Donald Trump and Texas Senator Ted Cruz have assailed it. Cruz said on Tuesday if elected he would rescind Obama’s order on the first day of his presidency. An earlier immigration program that gave similar relief to children of illegal immigrants who grew up in the United States showed that such policies take time to implement. Launched in June 2012, it took two months to put in place.  After that, there were almost 408,000 applications in the first six months of the program, according to government numbers. By January 2013, only 154,000 applications had been approved. More than 700,000 people have since benefited from the program. The government has been able to do nothing to prepare while Obama’s executive action has been on hold. In the injunction that halted the plan, U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen specifically said the administration was barred from “implementing any and all aspects or phases” of the program. A Department of Homeland Security spokeswoman said the federal government is complying with the injunction. Immigration advocates said they are preparing for a new effort to educate potential applicants about the program. They forecast much higher numbers than those who applied to the earlier 2012 program, largely because many more are eligible.     “There is no way the administration can process the projected volume of people that would be eligible,” said Gregory Chen, director of advocacy for the American Immigration Lawyers Association. The new program is likely to present additional bureaucratic problems, legal experts say, in part due to the larger pool of eligible people but also because of the specific nature of the applicants. Both programs require proof of continued residency in the United States.   For younger people, this is easier to prove as usually they can cite school records, immigration experts say. For older people, who often do not speak English, it can be harder to provide necessary documentation. Women who do not work could find it especially difficult. “It’s going to be a little bit more tricky for some applicants,” said Adonia Simpson, managing attorney for the Esperanza Center, an immigrant resource center run by Catholic Charities in Baltimore. In some cases, approval will be delayed while the government asks for additional evidence, she added. Criticism of Obama’s actions by Republican candidates could also deter some people from applying, Simpson said. In her group’s discussions with immigrants, “we make it very clear that this is an executive action that could be changed,” she said. ",1
11176,Biden urges U.S. business in Davos to lean on anti-gay states,"DAVOS, Switzerland (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden urged executives in Davos to use their influence to drive change in countries where lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people face repression, putting gay rights at the heart of this year’s meeting.  The issue is on the official agenda for the first time at the World Economic Forum, where political leaders from countries that discriminate against gay people, such as Nigeria and Russia, schmooze business leaders and billionaire investors. Biden told U.S. executives including Nathan Blecharczyk, co-founder of apartment-sharing firm Airbnb, Muhtar Kent, chairman and CEO of The Coca Cola Company, and Anthony Scaramucci, founder of hedge fund SkyBridge Capital, to push for change. “You can change the terms of debate,” he said. “You actually put governments on notice.” He said he and President Barack Obama privately raise the issue of repression of the LGBT community when they meet political leaders. “I have had some run-ins with at least four heads of state already on this,” said Biden. Banging his fist on the table, Biden said there was no national cultural justification to discriminate against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. “People used to be cannibals as part of their culture, people used to do terrible things as part of their culture,” he said. Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign, the United States’ largest LGBT civil rights organization, said business leaders should take the opportunity in Davos to confront the leaders of countries with “hateful laws”. Big business has been key to lobbying for change on gay marriage around the world. Some leading companies, including Google, Twitter and eBay, released videos of their employees voicing their support for marriage equality ahead of a country-wide vote on the issue in Ireland. Apple CEO (AAPL.O) Tim Cook came out last year, but according to the U.S.-based Center for Talent Innovation, 41 percent of LGBT people do not feel comfortable disclosing their sexuality at work. A U.S. Supreme Court ruling legalized same-sex marriage nationwide last year but it is still legal in many U.S. states to fire someone based on their sexual orientation. ",1
11177,Former U.S. VP candidate Palin endorses Trump with a 'hallelujah',"AMES, Iowa (Reuters) - Sarah Palin, the politician-turned-reality TV star offered a passionate endorsement on Tuesday to Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump, the reality TV star-turned-politician, declaring that “the status quo has got to go.” Palin, a former Alaska governor who was Republican Senator John McCain’s running mate in the 2008 election won by Democrats Barack Obama and Joe Biden, appeared with Trump at a rally in Ames, Iowa, two weeks before the state’s Feb. 1 caucus, the country’s first nominating process ahead of the Nov. 8 election. Trump is in a close race in Iowa with fellow conservative Republican Ted Cruz.  Palin’s folksy, plain-speaking style has won her a loyal following among some conservatives, but she remains a polarizing figure, even among Republicans.  It is unclear whether she can attract additional support to Trump, whose own blunt rhetoric has helped lift him to the top of the crowded Republican field. “He is from the private sector, not a politician,” Palin said in an animated speech after joining the business mogul and former host of TV’s “The Apprentice” onstage. “Can I get a hallelujah?”  She described Trump as an anti-establishment candidate who would “kick ISIS’ ass,” referring to the Islamic State militant group. Just hours after Palin backed Trump, police in Alaska said they had arrested her eldest son, Track Palin, on suspicion of assaulting a woman and carrying a gun while intoxicated. Palin said there was nothing wrong with Trump being a multibillionaire and that it did not make him an elitist, citing all the time he had spent with construction workers as a real-estate developer. As Trump stood alongside, Palin said: “The status quo has got to go,” adding that the political establishment had been “wearing political correctness kind of like a suicide vest.” In a statement before the event, Trump said he was “greatly honored” by the endorsement. “She is a friend, and a high-quality person whom I have great respect for.”     Trump has led national opinion polls among Republicans for months but is in a tight contest with Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, for the support of Iowa Republicans, who lean conservative and whose evangelical Christians comprise a major voting bloc.  Palin, who often discusses her Christian faith, is popular among that group and endorsed Cruz when he ran for the U.S. Senate in 2012. Cruz responded to her switch of allegiance with magnanimity.  “Regardless of what she does in 2016,” he tweeted, “I will always be a big fan.” She devoted a large portion of her speech to deflecting criticism from Cruz and others that Trump, who did not oppose legal abortion at least for a time, was not a true conservative. Despite the Democratic victory, Palin’s 2008 vice presidential run made her a national celebrity.   Suggesting there were no fiercer fighters for conservative values than a small-town “hockey mom,” the former beauty-pageant winner professed a love of hunting with guns and thought it more important that the United States increase drilling for oil than fret about climate change.  Since resigning her governorship in 2009, Palin has worked as a conservative political commentator and as the producer and star of lightly staged television shows about her large family enjoying Alaska’s rugged landscapes. But even some former admirers have wondered if her moment had passed, particularly after a speech a year ago before conservative Iowa voters that at times was hard to transcribe and even harder to follow. Joe Brettell, a Republican strategist in Texas, said he thought Palin would not help Trump much “beyond a jolt in the news cycle.” The crowd in Ames listened to Palin warmly but was divided afterward as to how valuable she would be. June Heidn, 62, said Palin was “inspiring” and might help Trump appeal to female voters. Mike Caruso, 40, said it did not help him as he weighs giving Trump his vote. “I think he’s pretty solid without her,” he said.  (Writing by Jonathan Allen; Additional reporting by Eric Beech, Amy Tennery and Melissa Fares; Editing by Jonathan Oatis, Peter Cooney and Simon Cameron-Moore) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11178,Carson cancels campaign events after staff in fatal car accident,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson canceled public  events on Tuesday after a van carrying three volunteers and a campaign staffer slid on ice in Iowa, flipped on its side and was hit by another vehicle, his campaign said.  One of the volunteers, Braden Joplin, 25, died after being taken to a trauma center at the University of Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha, the hospital said in a statement released by the Carson campaign. The other three people were treated and released from a hospital in Atlantic, Iowa, the statement said. Carson, a retired neurosurgeon, was traveling from South Carolina to Omaha where he planned to meet with Joplin’s family members and offer his condolences, the hospital statement said. Carson is among a dozen Republican presidential candidates crisscrossing Iowa before the state’s Feb. 1 caucuses, the nation’s first contest to determine the party’s nominee in November’s presidential election.  (Reporting by Doina Chiacu and Eric Walsh; Editing by Alistair Bell and Peter Cooney) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11179,Obama to meet Michigan mayor to discuss contaminated water: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will meet with the mayor of Flint, Michigan, on Tuesday to discuss the city’s problems in dealing with lead-contaminated water, the White House said. Obama, who on Saturday ordered federal aid for state and local response efforts in Genesee County, which includes Flint, will meet with Mayor Karen Weaver, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said. “The situation is anything but being ignored by the White House,” Earnest told a news briefing at the White House. ",1
11180,U.S. Supreme Court to decide major case on Obama immigration plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday paved the way for a major ruling on the limits of presidential powers, agreeing to decide the legality of President Barack Obama’s unilateral action to shield more than 4 million illegal immigrants from deportation. The court agreed to hear Obama’s bid to resurrect his plan, undertaken in 2014 through executive action bypassing the Republican-led Congress, that was blocked last year by lower courts after Texas and 25 other Republican-governed states sued to stop it. A ruling is due by the end of June. The case is not the first time Obama has asked the Supreme Court to rescue a major initiative. The court in 2012 and 2015 rejected conservative challenges to his signature healthcare law. The White House expressed confidence the court would now deem as lawful Obama’s immigration action, which was crafted to let millions of illegal immigrants whose children are American citizens or lawful permanent residents to get into a program that protects them from deportation and supplies work permits. Texas and the other states contend Obama exceeded his presidential powers and usurped the authority of Congress. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, a Republican, said courts have long recognized the limits to presidential authority. “The court should affirm what President Obama said himself on more than 20 occasions: that he cannot unilaterally rewrite congressional laws and circumvent the people’s representatives,” Paxton said. The nine justices will review a November ruling by the New Orleans-based 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that upheld a February 2015 decision by U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen in Brownsville, a city along the Texas border with Mexico, to halt Obama’s action. With some of his major legislative initiatives suffocated by Republican lawmakers, the Democratic president has resorted to executive action to get around Congress on issues including immigration, gun control and the Obamacare law. The most recent executive action came this month when he acted unilaterally to expand background checks for certain gun purchases. His executive actions have antagonized Republicans who accuse him of unlawfully taking actions by executive fiat that only Congress can perform. The case raises several legal issues, including whether states have legal standing to sue the U.S. government over decisions on how to enforce federal laws. The high court added a separate question on whether the president’s action violated a provision of the U.S. Constitution that requires the president to “take care that the laws be faithfully executed.” The Obama administration called the president’s action mere guidance to immigration officials on how to exercise discretion given by Congress on how to enforce immigration laws. Obama’s action was “consistent with the actions taken by presidents of both parties, the laws passed by Congress and the decisions of the Supreme Court,” White House spokeswoman Brandi Hoffine said. Those eligible for Obama’s program, directed at illegal immigrants with no criminal record, would be able to work legally and receive some federal benefits. States were not required to provide any benefits. His order expanded on a 2012 program that provided similar relief for people who became illegal immigrants as children. The case could have repercussions beyond immigration because it would set a precedent for the circumstances under which states can sue the federal government over a range of executive actions. Future presidents, Republican or Democratic, could face new constraints if the states win. The case is one of the most important the Supreme Court will decide during its current term, along with a challenge to a restrictive Texas abortion law. If the court sides with Obama, he would have until his term ends in January 2017 to implement the immigration plan. With the U.S. presidential election looming in November, it would be up to the next president to decide whether to keep it in place. Obama’s action came after a bipartisan immigration policy overhaul bill passed by the Senate died in the House of Representatives. The immigration issue has driven a wedge between Hispanics, an increasingly important voting bloc, and Republicans, many of whom have offered tough words about illegal immigrants. Most of the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants are Hispanics, coming from Mexico and other Latin American countries. The ruling is due just months before the presidential election. The two leading Democratic presidential hopefuls, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, said on Tuesday the court should uphold Obama’s action. Republican candidates Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio said as president they would undo Obama’s immigration moves. Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said Obama’s executive action relied on well-established constitutional authority. He said he recently met with the illegal immigrant parents of U.S citizens and lawful permanent residents, saying that “these law-abiding men and women continue to live in constant fear of being separated from their children. These families must be allowed to step out of the shadows and fully contribute to the country that they love and call home.” ",1
11181,White House confident Supreme Court will uphold immigration action,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Tuesday it is pleased that the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to review the immigration case. “We are confident that the policies will be upheld as lawful,” White House spokeswoman Brandi Hoffine said in a statement. ",1
11182,Immigration case could hurt Republican outreach to U.S. Hispanics,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For a Republican Party trying to woo Hispanic voters, the timing of the U.S. Supreme Court’s review of the legality of President Barack Obama’s executive action on immigration could not come at a more awkward time.  The case, which will consider whether Obama exceeded his constitutional authority to spare from deportation millions of immigrants in the country illegally, is set to be argued in the coming months with a decision due by the end of June. That would land the issue squarely in the middle of the U.S. presidential race, just weeks before Republicans gather for their convention to choose a nominee in November’s election. A Supreme Court win for the Republican-governed states that sued to block Obama’s action surely would have conservatives in the party celebrating but might have those in the party who are concerned about reaching Hispanic voters fretting. “As a Republican, you would take a quick victory lap and then not talk about it,” said Rodell Mollineau, a Democratic strategist and former aide to Senator Harry Reid of Nevada. “Either way, whatever happens, you want it to happen quickly.” Republican strategists have long worried that the hard-line stance taken by the likes of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz toward Obama’s immigration policies would cost the party the opportunity to secure the badly needed support of Hispanic voters in the general election.  In the 2012 election, Hispanic voters preferred Obama over Republican nominee Mitt Romney by a massive margin, 71 percent to 27 percent, causing Republican leaders afterward to warn that if the party did not start broadening its appeal to that swiftly growing demographic, it would be on the losing end of presidential contests for years to come.  John Feehery, a Republican strategist who has argued that the party needs to a do a better job courting Hispanics, conceded that those voters largely would blame Republicans if Obama’s policy is blocked by the justices. But, Feehery said, those voters also might fault Obama for trying to bypass Congress to do something he was not empowered under the Constitution to do, setting back the cause of immigration reform in the process. Hispanic advocates are already angry with Obama over recent deportation raids by the Department of Homeland Security.  “Latino voters will of course blame Republicans, but should the Supreme Court decide against the president, he will blamed also, especially in conjunction with his increased enforcement against illegals,” Feehery said.  Democratic presidential candidates seemed eager on Tuesday to have the court rule on the case, contending that it provides an opportunity for the court to ratify the president’s action  and end the debate over its legality. And they seemed mindful of the issue’s potency on the campaign trail. “(Obama’s) action should be upheld so families can stay together and live without fear of deportation,” Hillary Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic nomination, wrote on Twitter.  Her top rival, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, said he was “confident the president has the legal authority” for the order. Sanders called on Congress to move forward on immigration reform, but pledged that, as president, “he would uphold and expand the president’s action.” Criticism of the 2014 executive order, and of the president’s use of his executive authority generally, has been standard fare among Republicans on the campaign trail. Cruz, a senator from Texas and a leading contender for the Republican nomination, has been a long-time critic of Obama’s immigration policies. Cruz, a Harvard-trained lawyer and former Supreme Court clerk who once served as his state’s top advocate before the high court, said it was significant that the justices will decide whether Obama violated the U.S. Constitution’s requirement that presidents “take care that the laws be faithfully executed.” “He did not do that, and I trust that the court will reach that conclusion,” Cruz said.  Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, who co-sponsored bipartisan immigration legislation that passed the Senate in 2013 but died in the House of Representatives, has also been a longstanding critic of Obama’s use of executive power. Rubio has since backtracked on his support for the legislation.  “I’m confident (the Supreme Court) will agree Obama executive orders are unconstitutional,” Rubio wrote on Twitter. “Regardless, as president, I will end them.” ",1
11183,"Louisiana governor urges tax hike, tapping reserves to fix budget gap","(Reuters) - Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards on Tuesday urged state legislators to approve a plan to increase taxes and tap reserves to plug the largest budget shortfall in state history. Louisiana faces a projected shortfall of $750 million this fiscal year and the gap is expected to grow to $1.9 billion in the next fiscal year beginning July 1 from deteriorating tax revenues and a drop in oil prices. Edwards, a Democrat who took office earlier this month, wants to add 1 cent to the state’s existing 4-cent sales tax, excluding the purchase of groceries, prescription drugs and residential utilities. The proposed measure is expected to raise $216 million by late June. The plan also taps $128 million from the state’s rainy day fund and $200 million paid by Plc to reimburse cleanup efforts following the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill. The state would also cut some discretionary funding. If enacted, the governor’s plan would reduce but not eliminate the deficits the state faces. “The days of using budget gimmicks that helped us limp along are over,” said Edwards, the first Democrat to hold the office of governor in Louisiana since 2008. “This administration will remove the smoke and mirrors and provide the facts of where we are and where we are going.” Edwards warned that if leaders did not act quickly, universities could struggle, distressed hospitals could close, and public education could suffer severe cuts. “Raising taxes is not my first, second, or even third option when seeking to fill the state’s budget shortfall,” said Edwards. “Unfortunately, those cuts will not be enough to bridge the enormous shortfall we face today.” The state’s overall budget problems stem from the drop in oil prices, but much of the shortfall also comes from previous excessive use of one-time money and lower-than-expected revenues, the governor’s office reported. Louisiana is now contending with years of unresolved structural budget deficits that have collided with a weakening state economy and a sharp drop in revenues from oil and gas extraction taxes, Moody’s Investors Services said in December. Moody’s rates Louisiana Aa2 with a negative outlook. During Edwards’ inaugural address last week, he pledged to  begin accepting federal funding to expand healthcare to residents through the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. ",1
11184,Mayor says Atlantic City may face bankruptcy after bill vetoed,"(Reuters) - Atlantic City’s mayor said on Tuesday that bankruptcy was “back on the table” after New Jersey Governor Chris Christie vetoed legislation considered essential to the distressed gambling hub’s tax base and cash flow.  “If the state is not able to come up with the funding we need within the next few weeks, we will have no choice but to declare bankruptcy,” Mayor Don Guardian said in a statement.  The seaside city’s gambling industry, facing increased competition from neighboring U.S. Northeastern states, lost four of its 12 casinos in 2015. The legislation called for casinos to make fixed payments in lieu of taxes and would have added a measure of stability to the city’s rapidly shrinking property tax base.    Lawmakers first passed it in June. Nearly five months later, Christie vetoed it but said he would consider signing it with certain changes he required.  The Democratic-led legislature then amended the measure, which was part of a package of bills, passed it, made yet more changes and passed it again. Christie, a 2016 Republican presidential candidate, also declined on Tuesday to sign the other bills in the package. The city’s emergency manager, Kevin Lavin, who was appointed by Christie a year ago, said in a report on Friday that without the revenues generated in the package, the city’s cash flow would run dry by April. Legislative leaders, who have proposed a takeover of the city, will have to reintroduce the bills if they want to keep pushing for them. Democratic Assemblyman Vince Mazzeo, whose district includes Atlantic City, said in a statement that Christie’s vetoes showed a “brazen disregard” for Atlantic City’s fiscal recovery and added he would move forward on measures to restore the region’s economic security. Asked why Christie vetoed the bills, the governor’s office referred to comments he made on Saturday when he was  campaigning in Iowa.  “If I don’t think the total package makes sense, I won’t (sign it),” he said, according to the remarks. He has been discussing “some accommodation on this” with Senate President Steve Sweeney and other legislative leaders.      Sweeney, a Democrat, originally championed the legislation but is now pushing for a takeover of the city’s operations. “We cannot afford to let Atlantic City go bankrupt,” Sweeney said in a statement. “The best way out is for the State of New Jersey to take control of Atlantic City’s finances and the best way to do it is to act quickly.” ",1
11185,Republicans hammer on at Iran deal on presidential campaign,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidates took swipes on Tuesday at the lifting of sanctions against Iran, but they disagree on how they would to handle Tehran if they win the White House at the Nov. 8 election. Iran can expect an abrupt shift in relations with the United States to a more aggressive posture under a Republican president, a reversal of the warming trend nurtured by Democratic President Barack Obama.                 With only two weeks to go before the first nominating contest in the presidential race, Republican candidates have devoted large sections of their stump speeches to Iran, giving Tehran as much time as they devote to their condemnations of Islamic State militants, also known as ISIS. “I would say this,” Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush told the Council on Foreign Relations in New York on Tuesday. “The convergence of an aggressive Iran in the region and ISIS are the two threats that we have to deal with and from day one we have to confront those ambitions.” Obama has carried out a 2008 campaign pledge to negotiate with Iran by striking an agreement last year to curb Tehran’s nuclear ambitions. That deal was capped over the weekend when the United States along with other countries lifted sanctions against Iran, and Washington swapped prisoners with the Islamic Republic.  While Republican condemnations of Obama’s Iran policy abound, there is a split among the candidates as to how far to go with Tehran. U.S. Senator Ted Cruz from Texas and U.S. Senator Marco Rubio say they would rip up the nuclear deal and start over, on the thinking that the United States would be able to persuade European allies to reimpose economic sanctions. “The Europeans are going to have to decide do they want to deal with the Iranian economy or the American economy,” said Cruz foreign policy adviser Victoria Coates. “That’s the choice we have to put to them.” A Rubio adviser said the Senator from Florida feels strongly that Iran had gotten the better of the Obama administration and that Rubio would only begin to discuss better relations with Tehran if it were willing to respect human rights and change its stance on Israel. “I am going to cancel that ridiculous deal,” Rubio said last week in Mount Pleasant, S.C. Other candidates like Ohio Governor John Kasich and front-runner Donald Trump are more cautious, preferring to wait and see what the situation is with Iran once the next president is sworn in on Jan. 20, 2017. Kasich told Reuters that the United States should be working with U.S. allies now to ensure Iran sticks to the deal reining in its nuclear program and only if there are any violations the sanctions should be quickly reimposed. “I think as time goes on it’s going to be harder because people are addicted to money,” he said. “I don’t know where we’re going to be in 10 months. No one knows where we’re going to be.” Trump has said it would be tough to rip up the agreement with Iran on its nuclear program but has vowed that if he were elected president he would “police that contract so tough they don’t have a chance.” Republican Senator John McCain, the party’s 2008 presidential nominee, told Reuters the argument over whether to stick to the Iran agreement is academic because he believes Iran will violate the nuclear deal. “I think the best thing to do is evaluate it on Inauguration Day,” he said. “You’re going to have between the election and the Jan. 20 swearing-in to evaluate whether they have adhered to it and make a judgment then. But I think it’s a very bad agreement.”      (Reporting By Steve Holland; Editing by Alistair Bell) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11186,"Iowa governor urges caucus-goers to say 'No' to Cruz, cites 'Big Oil'","ALTOONA, Iowa (Reuters) - Iowa’s governor said on Tuesday it would be a “big mistake” for voters in the nation’s first presidential contest next month to choose Ted Cruz for the Republican nomination, citing the U.S. senator’s opposition to a biofuel mandate important to the state. Republican Governor Terry Branstad said Cruz was in the pocket of “Big Oil,” and criticized the Texan’s opposition to the Renewable Fuel Standard, which requires U.S. fuel to contain a minimum amount of biofuels, including ethanol. Ethanol is a major market for Iowa corn, and the state’s voters have generally supported ethanol mandates. Branstad said Cruz is a big opponent of renewable fuels who is “heavily financed by Big Oil.” “Ted Cruz, who is ahead in the polls, is diametrically opposed to what we really care about, and that is growing the opportunity for renewable fuels in this country,” Branstad said. Branstad spoke after addressing the Iowa Renewable Fuels Summit, where Republican front-runner Donald Trump also spoke later in the day and endorsed the Renewable Fuel Standard. Branstad’s oldest son, Eric, has worked on a political action committee that has been critical of Cruz’s ethanol stance. The governor has said he would not endorse a candidate before the Feb. 1 caucuses in Iowa, where Cruz leads Trump in some opinion polls. “I think it would be a big mistake for Iowa to support him,” Branstad said of Cruz. “I know he’s ahead in the polls, but the only poll that counts is the one they take on caucus night. And I think it could change between now and then.” U.S. Representative Steve King of Iowa, who backs Cruz, criticized Branstad’s comments as a “de facto endorsement of Trump.”  (Reporting by Kay Henderson; Writing by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11187,"Obama, Australia's Turnbull pledge more cooperation on counterterrorism","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull pledged on Tuesday to increase cooperation on counterterrorism and the fight against Islamic State. Obama praised Australia for its support in Afghanistan and thanked the prime minister for his country’s troops’ sacrifices around the world. “We’re going to talk about how we can strengthen our cooperation both in Syria and Iraq, the state of affairs in Afghanistan, but also countering violent extremism globally,” Obama told reporters in the Oval Office at the start of the meeting. “Australia will be a very important partner in that process,” he said. Turnbull said it was critical to improve efforts to fight Islamic State. “We have to constantly lift our game in the way we engage with and tackle these extremists, particularly ISIL - but there are many others - as they operate in the cyber sphere,” he said, referring to Islamic State with an acronym. “Archaic and barbaric though they may be, their use regrettably of the Internet is very sophisticated. And so I’m pleased that we’re going to be working on even closer collaboration there.” The two leaders also discussed their backing of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact. “It is going to be good for our economy. It is going to be good for our workers and our businesses, and it reaffirms that in order for us to thrive in the 21st century ... it’s important for us to be making the rules in this region, and that’s exactly what TPP does,” Obama said. Turnbull congratulated Obama on the implementation of the Iran nuclear deal. ",1
11188,Biden pledges faster U.S. approval for cancer drug cocktails,"DAVOS, Switzerland (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said on Tuesday that the United States would speed up the approval of promising new drug combinations in his government’s newly announced drive to cure cancer “once and for all”. Biden, who lost his 46-year-old son Beau to brain cancer last year, set out his plans at a World Economic Forum meeting of international cancer experts in Davos, a week after being appointed to lead the initiative by President Barack Obama. So-called combination therapy is increasingly seen as central to fighting tumours, as scientists unlock the different genetic factors driving cancer cell growth, but bringing such cocktails to market can be a slow and costly.  Biden said he had hosted a meeting at his home with three unnamed large drug companies and the head of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) at which both sides had pledged to do more to get novel cancer drug cocktails to patients. “The head of the FDA made a commitment that everybody would move much more rapidly in approving combinations,” Biden said. At the same, the pharmaceutical industry executives had all said they were “open to different way of doing business” in order to ensure that promising drugs from different companies were tested together as early as possible, he added. Cancer experts are particularly excited by the promise of new immunotherapy medicines that help the body’s immune system fight tumours and which have been shown to work well when used alongside other drugs. Francis Collins, director of the U.S. National Institutes of Health, described their potential as “breath-taking”. But such immunotherapy drugs are expensive - typically costing well over $100,000 a year per patient - and companies have traditionally been defensive about sharing early-stage medical experiments. Obama’s call to “make America the country that cures cancer once and for all” in the last State of the Union address of his presidency has led to criticism from some scientists of an over-simplified approach to the killer condition. The latest government-led initiative has echoes of former President Richard Nixon’s unsuccessful “War on Cancer” in the 1970s, since when scientists have discovered that cancer is hundreds of different diseases rather than one single disorder, making the notion of a single cure outdated. Biden acknowledged the complexity in Davos. “I’m not naive enough to think or suggest we are going to have a cure for every cancer in the world in the near term,” he said.     ",1
11189,U.S. top court rejects new challenge to Obamacare,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Supreme Court, which delivered major rulings in 2012 and 2015 preserving President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, on Tuesday declined to take up a new, long-shot challenge to Obamacare brought by an Iowa artist. The court turned away an appeal by Matt Sissel, who had asserted that the 2010 Affordable Care Act violated the U.S. Constitution’s requirement that revenue-raising legislation must originate in the House of Representatives, not in the Senate, as the healthcare law did. The high court left in place a 2014 ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit upholding a lower court’s dismissal of the lawsuit, which was backed by the Pacific Legal Foundation, a conservative legal group. The suit targeted the law’s “individual mandate” that Americans obtain health insurance or pay a tax penalty. In a 6-3 ruling last June, the Supreme Court rejected a conservative legal challenge and upheld nationwide tax subsidies crucial to the healthcare law. In 2012, the justices ruled 5-4 that the law’s requirement that Americans obtain insurance or pay a penalty was authorized by the power of Congress to levy taxes. A three-judge appeals court panel was unanimous in finding that Sissel’s interpretation of the law was at odds with U.S. Supreme Court precedents, including the high court’s ruling in 2012. The court found that the penalty for not obtaining insurance was a form of taxation. The law was passed by Obama’s fellow Democrats in Congress in 2010 over the unified opposition of Republicans, and conservatives who call the measure a government overreach have fought it since its inception. The landmark law was designed to provide healthcare for millions of uninsured Americans. Obama this month vetoed legislation passed by the Republican-led Congress that would have dismantled the law. In the spring, the Supreme Court will hear arguments in a case brought by religious groups seeking an exemption from a provision of the law that requires them to provide contraception coverage in their health insurance policies. The case is Sissel v. Department of Health and Human Services, U.S. Supreme Court, No. 15-543. ",1
11190,British lawmakers debate banning Trump after Muslim comments,"LONDON (Reuters) - British lawmakers on Monday debated a petition to ban U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump from Britain over remarks on Muslims, but while describing his comments as “crazy” and “offensive”, most said the ban would go against free speech. Members of parliament said Trump should be allowed into Britain where his views could be challenged, that a ban would give him more publicity or that it was not for Britain to get involved in U.S. affairs. Trump caused outrage last month with his comments that Muslims should be banned from entering the United States. He spoke after 14 people died in a shooting spree in California by two Muslims whom the FBI said had been radicalized. His comments prompted more than half a million Britons to sign a petition calling for him to be barred from entering the country, where he has business interests. The three-hour debate saw lawmakers from all sides criticize Trump’s comments. While it was not followed by a vote, many more lawmakers spoke against a ban than for it. “I want to see Donald Trump come to this country ... I want him to get a sense of the fury and the frustration with his xenophobic remarks,” said Gavin Robinson, a lawmaker from Northern Ireland’s Democratic Unionist Party. Only interior minister Theresa May can issue an order banning entry into Britain and Prime Minister David Cameron has said while Trump’s comments were “divisive, unhelpful and wrong”, he does not back the idea of barring him. Immigration Minister James Brokenshire said the government did not comment on who it was considering for exclusion but said “a frank and open exchange of views” was the most effective way to influence Trump. “The U.S. remains our most important bilateral partner. It is in the UK’s interests that we engage all presidential candidates, Democratic and Republican, even though we may disagree profoundly on important issues,” he said. “I believe it is for the American people to hold him to account. It is bad politics ... to intervene in the electoral processes of other countries,” said Conservative lawmaker Tom Tugendhat. Some spoke passionately in favor of banning Trump however, saying he should not be treated differently from others who have been banned for similar views. “Just think what would happen in the current climate if he came ... and preached that message of divisive hate,” said Jack Dromey, an opposition Labour Party spokesman on home affairs.  “To have someone come to our shores who demonizes all of the Muslim community would be fundamentally wrong and would undermine the safety and security of our citizens and that is not a risk I am prepared to take ... I don’t think Donald Trump should be allowed within a 1,000 miles of our shore.” Trump has threatened to cancel over 700 million pounds ($1 billion) of planned investments in golf courses in Scotland if he is banned. Trump International Golf Links in Scotland said in a statement: “It is absurd that valuable parliamentary time is being wasted debating a matter raised as part of the American presidential election.”  (Additional reporting by Stephen Addison, Editing by Michael Holden and Janet Lawrence) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11191,Republican candidate Rubio: Fed needs clear rules to guide rate hikes,"CORALVILLE, Iowa (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio said on Monday that the Federal Reserve should approach interest rate increases according to clear rules to make future hikes predictable.  The U.S. senator from Florida commented on Fed policy during a small news conference in between a series of five appearances in eastern Iowa. A few hundred people attended each event.  “There’s too much talk about the Fed, too much attention to the Fed,” he said. “Economic growth is the result of free enterprise.” Rubio, who has been criticized for missing Senate votes, recently made an appearance to support an “Audit the Fed” bill, which is also supported by Bernie Sanders, the Democratic presidential candidate and U.S. senator from Vermont. It did not pass.   (Reporting by Emily Flitter; Writing by Meredith Mazzilli; Editing by Matthew Lewis) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11192,Puerto Rico debt financing gap wider in updated restructuring plan: government,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Puerto Rico, struggling to make its debt payments, outlined an increase in its financing gap on Monday, saying it now projects a $16.06 billion hole to fill, cumulatively, over the next five years, an increase of $2.1 billion from a September projection. The Government Development Bank said in an updated Fiscal and Economic Growth Plan (FEGP) released on Monday that at the request of creditors, it had added a 10-year financing gap projection. It now estimates its debt financing hole to grow to $23.9 billion through 2025. Facing over $70 billion in debt and a 45 percent poverty rate, Puerto Rico is trying to solve an economic crisis before it hits substantial debt payments in May and July. It has defaulted on some of its debt and is trying to persuade creditors to take concessions. The increases in the financing gaps occur, “even with the inclusion of economic growth and the implementation of all of the proposed measures in the FEGP,” the Government Development Bank (GDB) said in a separate statement. “Since the release of the FEGP in September, the fiscal and humanitarian crisis on the Island has worsened, and the Commonwealth is now facing even larger estimated financing gaps in both the near and long term. Specifically, the General Fund revenues included in the FEGP have decreased from a previous estimate of $9.46 billion for FY (fiscal year) 2016 to $9.21 billion,” the GDB said. GDB said that as of Jan. 10, it had $667 million of total net liquidity and $535 million in debt service payments during the next 6 months. “As previously indicated, we expect to sit with our creditors shortly and put forth a comprehensive restructuring proposal,” Melba Acosta, President of the GDB said in the statement. Puerto Rico, as a commonwealth of the United States with 3.5 million people, is not allowed to restructure its debt under existing bankruptcy law. It has sought unsuccessfully to convince the U.S. Congress to vote for a change. However, in one development highlighted on Monday by its representative to Congress, Pedro Pierluisi, Puerto Rico’s hospitals will now receive the same basic reimbursement rate, known as the base rate, by the U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). This was included in the budget passed by the U.S. Congress in December. “The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimates that, as a result of this legislative change, Puerto Rico hospitals will receive $618 million more in federal reimbursement payments between 2016 and 2025, an average of over $60 million per year,” said a statement released by Pierluisi on Monday. ",1
11193,Clinton's embrace of Obama holds risks for general election matchup,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton has distanced herself from President Barack Obama on a number of high-profile issues since starting her bid for the White House. Now, under pressure from left-leaning challenger Bernie Sanders, she is embracing him and his legacy with fervor. That strategy could pose problems for Clinton in the long run as Republicans look for fodder to portray her as representing Obama’s third term should she win the Democratic nomination. As she faces an unexpected challenge from Sanders in the early voting states, Clinton’s move to portray herself as an heir to Obama’s policies is aimed at courting young voters and progressives who are part of the president’s political base.  But she could be setting herself up for difficulties with a general electorate weary of the status quo. Over and over again during a tense Democratic presidential debate on Sunday, Clinton, who served as Obama’s secretary of state for four years, played up her ties to the president and accused Sanders of undermining him. Gone were her mentions of differences with the president over Syria, trade, and immigration. Instead, Clinton praised the Affordable Care Act, Obama’s signature healthcare law. She highlighted her connection to the administration’s Iran nuclear deal and lauded the White House for sending staff to Silicon Valley to discuss cybersecurity. Clinton, who ran against Obama for the 2008 Democratic nomination and then joined his administration, said she could accept Sanders’ criticism of her campaign donations - one of the Vermont senator’s favorite critiques - but wouldn’t tolerate similar criticism targeted at her former boss. “The comments that Senator Sanders has made ... don’t just affect me, I can take that, but he’s criticized President Obama for taking donations from Wall Street. And President Obama has led our country out of the Great Recession,” she said. “I’m going to defend President Obama for taking on Wall Street, taking on the financial industry, and getting results.” Clinton played up her service as his top diplomat, emphasized her hours advising him in the Situation Room, and accused Sanders of wanting to throw out Obamacare, all while debating in South Carolina, a state in which Obama is well liked. Republicans welcomed the opening Clinton provided for them to cast her White House run as a bid for a third Obama term. “When you have a president who is so unpopular as President Barack Obama ... and his chief diplomat is embracing those policies and running as his third term, it’s going to be next to impossible,” said Ric Grenell, a former U.S. spokesman at the United Nations under Republican President George W. Bush.  Dissatisfaction with Obama and the agenda in Washington have helped propel two candidates outside the Republican establishment - businessman Donald Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas - to the top of the party’s crowded presidential field. Trump appeared to reference Clinton’s comments about the president’s policies in a speech at Liberty University on Monday, saying the country cannot afford another four years of the same thing. “We can’t have another four years of Barack Obama,” he said. “We can’t have another four years of Hillary Clinton.” Perhaps foreshadowing future ads, the Republican National Committee noted that Democrats at Sunday’s debate had backed the current occupant of the White House. “Not content with Barack Obama’s legacy of a toxic Iran deal and the rise of ISIS in the Middle East, Democrats doubled down on the extreme and failed policies of the current administration,” the RNC said in a statement. Democrats said Clinton was embracing Obama because he is popular with the party’s base, including in Iowa, which holds the first nominating contest, called a caucus, on Feb. 1. “It just makes sense to highlight where you agree with a president who is popular among caucus goers, and Secretary Clinton found ways to get that done,” said Brent Colburn, a former Obama administration official who served as communications director for his 2012 campaign. Democratic strategist Richard Socarides, a Clinton supporter, said Republicans were bound to portray her potential presidency as a third Obama term anyway.  “She deserves a lot of credit for putting the country first and going to work for him,” Socarides said. “After Iowa and New Hampshire especially, that will matter to a lot of Democratic primary voters. And she is right to point out that Bernie has not always been there. She has.”      (Additional reporting by Alana Wise and Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Caren Bohan, Mary Milliken and Marguerita Choy) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11194,Republican Jeb Bush offers U.S. education overhaul plan,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush on Monday outlined an education reform plan that would take much decision-making away from the federal government and give it to state and local school authorities. Bush, who focused on education during his two terms as Florida governor and later as head of an education foundation, presented what was the latest in a series of detailed policy plans on major issues.  “As the nation honors Dr. Martin Luther King and his legacy today, I firmly believe that ensuring every individual has access to a quality education is the great civil rights challenge of our time,” he said in a post on the website Medium. The United States on Monday marked a holiday for the slain U.S. civil rights leader. Bush said his plan would not cost American taxpayers any more money. He would send much of the $22 billion spent on federal education programs to state and local governments and create $2,500 annual grants for low-income children to let parents decide how best to educate them. Bush, who national polls show is trailing far behind the Republican presidential front-runners, has drawn fire from conservative voters for his position on Common Core, an initiative designed to ensure basic education standards in basic subjects such as English and mathematics. The former Florida governor has distanced himself from Common Core, but believes every school district should have home-grown education standards to ensure children make progress. “We will empower states with the flexibility to improve their schools, while ensuring the federal government does not interfere in academic standards, curriculum or content,” Bush said. He said “too many regulations drown the system in compliance costs, wasting valuable resources.” “We need to give states the flexibility to reform and innovate to meet the unique needs of their students,” he said. Bush said he would allow for conversion of 529 college savings accounts into Education Savings Accounts that would enable families to save tax-free for education. Charitable donations to the ESAs of low-income children would be tax-deductible.  (Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by Paul Simao) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11195,Many 'lost' voters say they have found their candidate in Trump,"WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ted Wade hasn’t cared about politics enough to cast a vote in a U.S. presidential election for almost a quarter of a century, back when he supported Ross Perot’s independent candidacy in 1992. But Republican Donald Trump’s 2016 White House bid has motivated Wade to get involved and he plans to support the real estate mogul in Nevada’s nominating caucus next month. Trump is a “non-politician” who can fix the “chaos” in Washington, he says. About one in 10 Americans who plan to cast a vote this election will do so for the first time in years, if ever, and Trump holds a decided edge with them, according to polling by Reuters/Ipsos. (tmsnrt.rs/1SgeLvi) These voters offer Trump a pool of voters who could be decisive either in the Republican primaries or a general election. They could be crucial for Trump in early-voting states such as Iowa and South Carolina, where his nearest rival, Senator Ted Cruz, is putting pressure on Trump and enjoys a strong base of support with more traditionally conservative voters. In Reuters/Ipsos polling from June to December 2015, 27.3 percent of these “new” voters said they would vote for Trump, higher than his poll numbers among independents and Republicans who regularly vote. By way of comparison, Cruz captures just 3.4 percent of these voters. And Senator Marco Rubio of Florida snags only 4 percent. “I’m tired of the chaos between Democrats and Republicans and want to give somebody a try who I think can make a difference,” said Wade of Trump. The 51-year-old has already switched his affiliation from Democrat to Republican and even attended a Trump campaign event in Las Vegas. He has told his three older children to get involved in the elections, although he did not say whether he wanted them to vote for Trump.  Trump, the Republican front-runner, has made targeting “lost” voters such as Wade a focus of his campaign. His anti-immigrant rhetoric and protectionist trade proposals have helped him to fashion a message tailored to reach Americans alienated by the endless enmity between the political parties and who, because of declining economic prospects, may feel like neither party has done much for them. Trump’s strategy is a gamble, given the lack of reliability of many of the voters with whom he is most popular. In interviews, some of those lost voters insist they will show up, saying they are drawn to Trump’s outsider status and his willingness to upend the political system. Tucson, Arizona, resident Renay Cunningham, 56, said she had never paid much attention to politics in the past. She plans to cast her first ever vote for Trump after hearing his proposed policies to curb illegal immigration, which include building a giant wall on the southern border and making Mexico pay for it. “We need a piranha in there, and he’s definitely a piranha,” she said. Trump and his operatives are confident they can do what few of his rivals for the Republican nomination have shown they can do — expand the party’s potential voter pool. But while Democrat Barack Obama did that eight years ago by largely registering new voters, including record levels of minorities, both male and female, in urban centers, Trump’s campaign has instead largely sought out the disaffected, who tend to be overwhelmingly older, white, and less educated than the broader electorate. “My whole campaign has been focused on expanding the number of people who want to, and will, participate in this election cycle,” Trump wrote in a recent op-ed in USA Today. When analyzing “lost” or “new” voters, Reuters compiled poll results from people who haven’t voted in the previous two presidential campaigns and midterm congressional elections. The results focused only on those who said they were nearly certain to vote in the November election. It included responses from 3,440 “new” Republican and independent voters – a sample that has a credibility interval of 2 percentage points. Jan Leighley, an expert on turnout at American University, said it’s too soon to compare Trump’s “new” voters with the disenfranchised voters, especially minorities, who in 2008 turned out in record numbers to elect the first black president. Those voters didn’t find their way to the polls simply because they were inspired to make history, Leighley said. “He also had a kick-ass mobilization structure.” “Obama’s campaign went door-to-door. They canvassed whole neighborhoods. “I don’t know if he (Trump) has the campaign infrastructure to make sure that the folks who are riled up are walked to the polls on Election Day,” she said. Trump’s campaign insists he does have the infrastructure, but won’t provide specifics on how it intends to turn casual supporters into engaged voters. The campaign says it does follow up with the thousands of attendees who jam arenas for Trump’s rallies. That’s one significant advantage the reality star has over the other candidates in the Republican field, as the challenge in reaching voters who have fallen out of the political process often lies in simply locating them. “We’ve identified a lot of people in early primary states who have not participated in the process before,” campaign manager Corey Lewandowski told Reuters. Lewandowski resists the notion that Trump needs to turn out “new” or reluctant voters to win states such as Iowa. Even if the Trump campaign isn’t necessarily counting on them, it may be reassuring that his supporters among “new” voters who responded to the Reuters/Ipsos survey appear motivated to cast a vote for him. At least for the time being. Ronald Thomas, a 49-year-old truck driver and Navy veteran in North Carolina, said he, too, has never voted in a presidential contest. His girlfriend would push him to vote but he would always say “Yeah, but the right one ain’t come along yet,’” Thomas said. Trump is that man. His willingness to take on the government has set him apart as someone who would “actually look out for the people,” said Thomas. Now he wants to know how to register so that he can vote for the billionaire.  And there’s Vince DiSylvester, a retired maintenance worker in Missouri, who, at 73, said has never cast a ballot for president. But Trump has inspired him to rethink that. “He’s a businessman, he knows business, he knows how to get things done,” he said. “And he tells it like it is. If you don’t like it - well, too bad.”  (Editing by Ross Colvin) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11196,Sanders lashes out at Clinton in contentious Democratic debate,"CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Democratic White House candidate Bernie Sanders went on the offensive against front-runner Hillary Clinton on Sunday in the most contentious of their four presidential debates, accusing her of cozying up to Wall Street and misrepresenting his stance on healthcare and guns. Reflecting Sanders’ rise in opinion polls, the two battled with new urgency over who was best suited to lead Democrats in the November election. Sanders cast himself as the outsider who would lead a political revolution, while Clinton touted her experience and embraced President Barack Obama’s legacy. In their last televised debate before Iowa’s caucuses launch the nominating race on Feb. 1, Clinton raised questions about the self-styled democratic socialist’s positions on Wall Street reform, healthcare and gun control. Sanders pushed back at every turn. He painted Clinton as a defender of the status quo who accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in speaking fees as a former secretary of state from Wall Street backers. “I don’t take money from big banks. I don’t get personal speaking fees from Goldman Sachs,” the U.S. senator from Vermont said, adding, “I have huge doubts when people receive money from Wall Street.” He referred to his rising poll numbers in the early voting states of Iowa and New Hampshire, where he has pulled even or ahead of Clinton, saying he believed he could expand his number of supporters to include more African-American voters. He noted that when his presidential campaign began, Clinton was 50 percentage points ahead of him in the polls. “Guess what: In Iowa, New Hampshire, the race is (now) very, very close,” Sanders said. The debate followed a week of rising tension between the two leading candidates. Sanders was noticeably more animated that in previous debates, sometimes grimacing and shaking his head during Clinton’s answers. Former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley, who lags badly in polls, was often a bystander although he joined Sanders in criticizing Clinton’s Wall Street ties. Clinton said she would build on Obama’s agenda, accusing Sanders of voting to deregulate the financial market in 2000 in a way that led to the central causes of the financial collapse of 2008 that pitched the U.S. economy into a deep recession. Clinton tried to undercut Sanders’ support among supporters of Obama, who remains a popular figure in the Democratic Party. “He’s criticized President Obama for taking donations from Wall Street. And President Obama has led our country out of the Great Recession,” she said.  “Senator Sanders called him weak, disappointing, he even in 2011 publicly sought someone to run in a primary against President Obama.” Clinton pounced on Sanders’ “Medicare-for-all” plan that was announced just hours before the debate after Clinton had criticized Sanders for refusing to explain how he would pay for the proposal. The former secretary of state, former U.S. senator and wife of former President Bill Clinton said Sanders’ healthcare plan would undermine Obama’s signature Affordable Care Act at a time when Republican legislators were still trying to repeal and replace it. “I have to say I’m not sure whether we’re talking about the plan you introduced tonight or the plan you introduced nine times over 20 years,” she told Sanders. “But the fact is we have the Affordable Care Act. ... We have already seen 19 million Americans get insurance.” Sanders said he wanted to build on the Obama law by making health insurance more affordable. “Nobody is tearing this up,” he said, referring to the program popularly known as Obamacare. “We’re moving forward.” The debate was held across the street from the Charleston church where a white gunman killed nine black worshippers in June, and Clinton made reference to the incident while accusing Sanders of being weak on gun control. She welcomed his decision on Saturday night to back a bill in Congress rescinding portions of a law giving gunmakers immunity from lawsuits, but said his record showed a more lenient attitude toward the demands of the powerful National Rifle Association (NRA) gun lobby. Sanders defended himself, saying he has a strong record on trying to prevent guns from getting into the wrong hands and standing up to the NRA. Sanders supporters watching in Manchester, New Hampshire, said he seemed more engaged than in past debates. “I thought that Bernie was much more prepared,” Chris Haigh, 66, said. Sanders has pulled into a statistical tie with Clinton in recent polls in Iowa, whose caucuses are the first contest in the race to pick a nominee for the November election. He also leads Clinton in the next state to vote, Vermont neighbor New Hampshire, on Feb. 9, according to polls. After those two states, the race moves to Nevada and South Carolina, which have more diverse voting populations and where polls show Clinton leading. On March 1, or “Super Tuesday”, voters in 11 states, many of them in the South where Clinton has big poll leads, will cast primary ballots.  (Additional reporting by Alana Wise and Luciana Lopez; Writing by Steve Holland and John Whitesides; Editing by Mary Milliken and Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11197,Sanders releases universal healthcare plan before Democratic debate,"CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders released details on Sunday evening about his “Medicare-for-all” universal healthcare funding plan and how he would pay for it. The plan was released hours before Sanders was to square off in a Democratic presidential debate in Charleston, South Carolina, against Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state and front-runner for the Democratic nomination, and former Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley.  Clinton’s campaign had taken aim at Sanders in recent days, saying the U.S. senator from Vermont had not said how he plans to pay for his healthcare plan and that he needed to before the first party-nominating contest in Iowa on Feb. 1. Sanders said that expanding Medicare, a government-run program that insures the elderly, would save $6 trillion over the next 10 years when compared with the current system, which was established by President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law, the 2010 Affordable Care Act. Individuals would pay a 2.2 percent “premium” and employers would pay a 6.2 percent payroll tax to fund the healthcare plan. Individuals making $250,000 to $500,000 a year would pay a tax rate of 37 percent and those making more than $10 million would pay a 52 percent tax rate, according to details provided about the plan. The average annual healthcare costs for a working U.S. family are nearly $5,000 in insurance premiums and another $1,300 on deductibles for care that is not covered, Sanders’ campaign said. Under Sanders’ plan, a family of four earning $50,000 would pay $466 to the Medicare program, saving roughly $6,000 per year, the campaign said. Clinton favors building on the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare, and has said Sanders’ state-administered plan would jeopardize the healthcare of those with Republican governors. Sanders has said the federal government would intervene in such a scenario. “It would be a mistake to really thrust our country into another contentious national debate about how we’re going to provide quality, affordable healthcare to everybody,” Clinton told CNN’s “State of the Union” program on Sunday. Sanders defended his forthcoming proposal on the same CNN program. “I believe healthcare is a right for all people; it will be politically difficult to achieve, but I will maintain that vision and fight for it,” Sanders said. Sanders last week tweeted a 1993 photo of himself and Clinton signed by the then-first lady, who was waging her own fight for universal healthcare, which thanked him for his commitment to “real access to healthcare for all Americans.”  (Reporting by Amanda Becker; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11198,"Cruz, Rubio say Iran prisoner swap a 'dangerous precedent'","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio praised Iran’s release of five detained Americans on Sunday, but sharply criticized the deal the White House made to win their freedom saying it would lead to more Americans being taken “hostage.” U.S. President Barack Obama pardoned three Iranian-Americans charged for violating sanctions against Iran, a lawyer for one of the men said, while prosecutors moved to drop charges against four Iranians outside the United States. Iran agreed to free five Americans including Rezaian and Saeed Abedini, an Iranian-American Christian pastor sentenced to eight years in prison in 2013 on charges of undermining Iran’s national security.          Cruz, speaking to Fox News Sunday, said, “Praise God that the prisoners are coming home” but Iran got the better end of the prisoner swap. “We released seven terrorists who had helped Iran with their nuclear program, and we agreed not to prosecute another 14 terrorists for doing the same thing. That’s 21 terrorists helping Iran develop nuclear weapons that they intend to use to try to murder us,” Cruz said. He said the deal was a “very dangerous precedent.” Obama on Sunday defended the move describing the release as a “reciprocal, humanitarian gesture” that was a one-time event.     But Rubio, speaking on NBC’s Meet the Press, said the deal traded American “hostages” for Iranian “prisoners who did commit a crime”. Obama has “put price on the head of every American abroad,” Rubio said. “Our enemies now know that if you can capture an American, you can get something meaningful in exchange for it.” Rubio said that the deal shows “weakness” on the part of Washington, and if he were elected president, Iran would not dare to detain Americans because it would face tough consequences. He said the start of his presidency would be like that of Ronald Reagan in 1981, when Iran released hostages taken at the American embassy in Tehran in 1979. A senior Obama administration official pushed back against criticism of the prisoner swap, saying that those held in the United States were not a major threat, and the administration made a “judgment” that brought detained Americans home. “If people want to say that they were for leaving these Americans in prison, they should say so. But the fact of the matter is this was our opportunity to bring them home,” the official told reporters on a conference call.  (Reporting By David Lawder; Editing by Alan Crosby) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11199,Obama unveils wage insurance plan to spur job seekers,"WASHINGTON - U.S. President Barack Obama on Saturday laid out a plan to help support the income of workers who lose their jobs and end up in lower paying positions, as part of a push to get unemployed Americans back to work. The proposal would offer experienced workers who now make less than $50,000 a form of wage insurance, allowing them to replace half of their lost pay. The benefit would cover up to $10,000 over two years. “It’s a way to give families some stability and encourage folks to rejoin the workforce - because we shouldn’t just be talking about unemployment; we should be talking about re-employment,” Obama said in his weekly radio and Internet address, broadcast on Saturday. The wage insurance proposal will be included in a broader effort to overhaul the unemployment insurance system. Details about the program’s proposed funding will be further outlined in Obama’s budget for fiscal year 2017 expected to be released next month. Obama promised in his State of the Union earlier this week to advocate for legislative action on issues with bipartisan support during his last year in office. During the address, he pointed to wage insurance as one measure where lawmakers may be able to work together. The White House plan would require states to provide insurance for workers laid off from jobs they had held for at least three years. The plan would be federally-funded, but it would be administered through state unemployment insurance programs. Other measures proposed by the White House on Saturday included a requirement that all states provide at least 26 weeks of unemployment insurance benefits, and the creation of a permanent program that would automatically provide up to 52 additional weeks of federally-funded benefits for states experiencing rapid job-losses or high unemployment.       ",1
11200,"Growing feud: Trump, Cruz escalate attacks on each other","MYRTLE BEACH, S.C. (Reuters) - The growing feud between Republican front-runner Donald Trump and his central rival Ted Cruz intensified on Saturday with tit-for-tat attacks that put to rest any notion that their debate night fight was a solitary engagement. The split between the two is evidence of the closeness of the race for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, particularly in Iowa. Polls there show a neck-and-neck battle with little more than two weeks to go until Iowa on Feb. 1 stages the first nominating contest on the road to the Nov. 8 election. Trump, who needs a victory in Iowa to set a winning tone to his campaign, kept up his attempt to undermine Cruz’s attempt to portray himself as an outsider to the political establishment. Trump seized on a report in The New York Times that said Cruz had failed to disclose a second loan, from Citibank, that helped bankroll his 2012 Senate campaign. The Times earlier had reported that Cruz had not disclosed a loan from Goldman Sachs for the same campaign. Cruz’s campaign has said the failure to report the loan was a paperwork error. “He didn’t report his bank loans,” Trump told delegates to the South Carolina Tea Party Convention. Some booed Trump for criticizing Cruz since they had cheered Cruz when he spoke to the group earlier. “Say whatever you want,” Trump said in response to the boos. “He didn’t report his bank loans... And then he acts like Robin Hood. Say whatever you want..” Cruz did not mention Trump to the Tea Party event but talking to reporters in Fort Mill, S.C., earlier in the day he was unsparing. He suggested the New York billionaire and former reality TV star lacks the temperament to be president, pointing to his frequent Twitter assaults on his adversaries. He said Trump had attacked him because Cruz was a threat to him in Iowa. “I think in terms of a commander-in-chief, we ought to have someone who isn’t springing out of bed to tweet in a frantic response to the latest polls,” Cruz said. “I think the American people are looking for a commander-in-chief who is stable and steady and a calm hand to keep this country safe.” Trying to prove Trump is not the conservative he says he is,  Cruz’s campaign released a video entitled “Donald Trump’s New York Values” that linked to a 1999 interview Trump did on NBC’s “Meet the Press” in which Trump declared he favored a woman’s right to abortion and supported gay marriage. The two candidates had clashed at the last Republican debate, on Thursday in Charleston, over the issue of “New York values” with Trump saying Cruz had insulted the city that absorbed the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and rebounded. Trump brought up the issue again at a town hall meeting in Portsmouth, N.H., hours before a scheduled address at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach. Cruz’s criticism of New York, he said, was a “total disgrace.”  (Reporting By Steve Holland; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11201,"Friendly no more: Trump, Cruz erupt in bitter fight at Republican debate","NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump and top challenger Ted Cruz ended a longstanding truce in spectacular fashion on Thursday night with bitter exchanges during what may have been Trump’s strongest debate performance to date. The New York billionaire and the Texas senator appeared to have a split decision by the end of the night, a sign that for all the bluster, little took place that could derail Trump from his lead position with a contest in Iowa on Feb. 1 to begin the search for a Republican presidential nominee. Projections that the debate would be a free-for-all were accurate. Beyond the Trump-Cruz theatrics, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida turned in a pugnacious performance with attacks on Cruz and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Florida Governor Jeb Bush presented himself as a voice of reason against Trump. A Google snap poll showed viewers believed Trump, who in the most recent debates was at times less engaged, won the night with 37.3 percent to Cruz’s 26.6 percent and Rubio’s 12.1 percent. Until the Fox Business Network debate in North Charleston, South Carolina, Trump and Cruz had been friendly because they have both been chasing conservatives of the Tea Party movement and did not want to anger them. With Trump now needing to fend off Cruz’s rise in Iowa, he pushed his charge that Cruz may not be constitutionally qualified to serve as president because he was born in Canada. The U.S. Constitution says only “natural born” citizens can become president of the United States. “Who the hell knows if you can even serve in office?” Trump told Cruz, drawing a scattering of boos in the audience. Born in Calgary, Alberta, to a U.S. citizen mother and a Cuban father, Cruz accused Trump of bringing up his birthplace simply because Cruz was leading some polls in Iowa. Cruz said Trump, who led the movement questioning whether the Hawaiian-born President Barack Obama was really from the United States, had asked his lawyers to look into the issue of Cruz’s birth in September and concluded there were no issues. “Since September, the Constitution hasn’t changed, but the poll numbers have,” Cruz said. “And I recognize that Donald is dismayed that his poll numbers are dropping in Iowa, but the facts and the law here are really clear.” Trump said Democrats would sue if Cruz were on the Republican ticket, putting their party’s chances of winning at risk. Cruz shot back that he had spent many years studying constitutional law: “I’m not going to be taking legal advice from Donald Trump.” The birthright issue has dogged American politics before: 2008 Republican nominee John McCain survived questions about his birth in Panama because he was born on a U.S. military installation there and it was judged to be U.S. soil. In 1967, Republican candidate George Romney faced questions about his birth in Mexico, but his candidacy never advanced far and the issue was abandoned. While Cruz seemed to have parried the attack for now, he was stung by Trump on another issue: Whether people who live in New York City have the same values as other Americans. Cruz has lately begun denouncing “New York values” to connect Trump to the city’s famous liberalism. “Everyone understands that the values of New York City are socially liberal, are pro-abortion, are pro-gay marriage,” Cruz said. Trump, in perhaps his most heartfelt remarks of the night, harked back to New York’s response to the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks to defend his home city. “The people in New York fought and fought and fought, and we saw more death, and even the smell of death... And it was with us for months, the smell, the air.  “And we rebuilt Downtown Manhattan, and everybody in the world watched and everybody in the world loved New York and loved New Yorkers. And I have to tell you, that was a very insulting statement that Ted made,” Trump said. Rubio, in third place behind Trump and Cruz in Iowa and hoping a strong outcome there will help him in the New Hampshire primary on Feb. 9, frequently inserted himself into arguments and tried to put pressure on Cruz. He accused Cruz of proposing a value added tax as part of     his tax plan and of being soft on immigration. “That is not consistent conservatism,” he said. “That is political calculation.” He attacked Christie as well, accusing him of have liberal positions on education policy and abortion. Christie interrupted a Rubio-Cruz exchange with this blast: “I’d like to interrupt this debate on the floor of the Senate. You had your chance, Marco you blew it,” he said. Cruz, who has taken the lead in some polls of Iowa Republican voters, did well on social media. Social media monitoring tool Zoomph saw total positive mentions for Cruz climb by more than 150 percent while he sparred with Trump. Trump is far ahead nationally.  A Reuters/Ipsos rolling national poll on Jan. 12 showed Trump had 39 percent of the vote, Cruz 14.5 percent, Bush 10.6 percent, Carson 9.6 percent, while 6.7 percent favored Rubio. For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here) (In paragraph 5, corrects to Fox Business Network from Fox Business Channel) ",1
11202,"Mainstream Republicans fret as Trump, Cruz strengthen in presidential race","NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Two weeks before the first contest of the 2016 presidential race, Republicans and business leaders who fear the party has been hijacked by the likes of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz found little to comfort them in the latest debate. Both candidates, one a billionaire developer with no political experience and the other a U.S. Senator from Texas with a reputation for clashing with his colleagues in Washington D.C., stood center stage Thursday night and, for the most part, dominated the proceedings. More mainstream hopefuls such as former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, Ohio Governor John Kasich, and U.S. Senator Marco Rubio from Florida were left nipping at their heels and squabbling. With characteristic bravado, Trump dubbed himself the winner on Friday. Speaking to 250 people at Living History Farms in Iowa, he called the debate “interesting” and said “even the pundits last night were treating me nicely.” Trump told MSNBC the overnight polls showed him winning the debate, saying Cruz was “very strident” and made “inappropriate” comments. “I don’t know that he’s a nice guy,” Trump said on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” program. “I think he hurt himself last night.” Trump, 69, and Cruz, 45, whom opinion polls have locked in a tight struggle to win the Feb. 1 Iowa caucuses, clashed at several points, befitting their leading-men status. That left little room for rivals hurriedly trying to close the gap before voting begins for real to choose the party’s nominee for November’s general election. “They are digging themselves a bit of a hole,” said Fergus Cullen, the former chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party. “It’s entirely possible the final two candidates will be Trump and Cruz, and people like me will be despondent.” Business leaders expressed concern about the direction of the party. Xenophobic views about Muslims and Latinos, fanned by Trump’s national dominance in the Republican race, risked undermining business hopes of immigration reform, for example. Rhetoric about the country’s income gap and China have also eroded prospects for business-friendly solutions on trade and tax reform, some said. “Policy and politics in this country have become bogged down in a sort of quicksand. It’s almost like the harder we push the deeper we sink,” said David French, senior vice president for government relations at the National Retail Federation.  Dan Danner, president and chief executive officer of the National Federation of Independent Business, a Washington group representing 330,000 small businesses that employ around three  million people, said he was also worried. “Small businesses probably represent every ethnic group and are more diverse than many large corporate entities. I don’t think they’re for walling us off from the rest of the world,” he said. “And small businesses vote. And they vote in much higher proportions than the overall population.” Both Trump and Cruz have called for cracking down on legal and illegal immigration. Trump has also advocated a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country after the Dec. 2 shooting deaths of 14 people in San Bernardino, California inspired by Islamist militancy. Thomas Donohue, CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which is often viewed as the country’s most powerful mainstream business lobby group, fretted in a speech in Washington on Thursday that the rhetoric in the Republican primary campaign was “damn serious and sometimes a little scary.” New Hampshire holds its primary about a week after Iowa’s caucuses and perhaps offers the best chance for a more moderate option to surface as a prime challenger. Iowa Republicans historically tend to favor more conservative candidates.  But in New Hampshire right now, “the mainstream Republicans are as splintered and scattered as ever,” Cullen said, leaving open the possibility that Trump could win that state as well. Indeed, there seemed to be some acknowledgement during the debate that only one more serious contender might emerge from the rest of the field. That had Christie and Rubio, both of whom hope to win New Hampshire, repeatedly locking horns.  “They know what lane they’re in and who they’re fighting,” said Chip Felkel, a Republican strategist in South Carolina, which also holds its primary next month. “It’s Trump and Cruz, and the other four jockeying for some momentum.” Trump and Cruz dominated social media mentions in the debate. And according to Google’s analytics, which tracked audience responses, Trump and Cruz came out the winners.  “More and more, this is coming down to a two-man race. The polling, the support, it is more and more looking like it is Donald Trump and me,” Cruz said in an interview on Fox Business Network afterwards. Even before the debate there were signs of establishment concern about Trump and Cruz, who are both vying for support from the Tea Party movement, which advocates for smaller government and fewer taxes. Peter Wehner, who worked in the last three Republican presidential administrations, wrote a scathing op-ed in the New York Times slamming Trump on Thursday. In a shift, most of the field left Trump alone during the debate, and at times praised him. Even Trump’s statements about prohibiting Muslim immigration drew a strong rebuke only from Bush, with other candidates such as Cruz and Rubio sounding notes of sympathy with Trump’s position. New Hampshire’s Cullen held out hope that Rubio, or someone else, might still find time to take on his party’s more extreme elements. But, he lamented, “the odds are dropping.” ",1
11203,House opens inquiry into deaths of drug-dependent newborns,"WASHINGTON - The chairman of a U.S. House committee that oversees child abuse issues opened an inquiry Friday into whether the federal government is failing to enforce a law meant to protect thousands of babies born dependent on drugs each year. The inquiry, launched by Representative John Kline of Minnesota, comes in response to a Reuters investigation last month that identified 110 examples of children who were exposed to opioids while in the womb and later died preventable deaths after leaving the hospital. No more than nine states comply with a 2003 law that calls on hospitals to alert social workers whenever a baby is born dependent on drugs, the news agency found. Since the law was enacted, the number of newborns diagnosed with Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome has skyrocketed – from 4,991 cases in 2003 to 27,315 in 2013, federal data show. A Reuters analysis found that thousands of drug-dependant newborns are sent home each year without a referral to social service agencies, contrary to the intent of the federal law. Those referrals are intended to help social workers develop a “plan of safe care” for the newborns and mothers. Although most states fail to comply with the provisions, Reuters found none has lost federal funding. In a letter Friday, Kline told Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell that he was “deeply concerned” that the agency may not be enforcing the law.  “A Reuters investigation released in December cast serious doubts over whether these basic requirements in federal law are being followed,” wrote Kline, a Republican who chairs the House Education and the Workforce Committee. The letter was co-signed by Todd Rokita, an Indiana Republican, who chairs a subcommittee on early childhood education. “The Reuters investigation reveals the shocking and deadly consequences when these vital federal and state child welfare policies are not properly implemented and enforced,” the lawmakers wrote. “Even more troubling, according to the Reuters report, there are some states that have failed to put these policies in place altogether, yet not a single state is being denied … funds.” Kline and Rokita asked Health and Human Services officials to explain the review process for determining whether each state has created a safe-care plan for babies born drug-dependent, and to make clear the consequences for states that do not comply. Agency officials did not immediately respond to the lawmakers’ letter.  The primary backer of a key provision in the 2003 law, former Representative James Greenwood, said he was “delighted” that Kline and Rokita took “this step to light a fire under” the Department of Health and Human Services.  “Precious little lives are at stake,” Greenwood said. Last month, top U.S. senators also called for action. Sen. Charles Schumer, a Democrat from New York, asked for an “emergency surge” of funds to help protect the newborns, and Sen. Robert Casey, a Democrat from Pennsylvania, sought oversight hearings. The senior Republican in the Senate, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, said the series “brings to the forefront a problem” that he has urged the Obama Administration to address faster. The Reuters investigation, “Helpless & Hooked,” can be found here. (reut.rs/1NSc7uC) Kline and Rokita’s letter to the Health and Human Services secretary can be found here. (1.usa.gov/235146g) ",1
11204,"For better or worse, Bill Clinton not a big factor among U.S. voters: poll","NEW YORK/MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - Bill Clinton may not be the “secret weapon” that Hillary Clinton needs in the U.S. presidential race. And the former Democratic president may not become the albatross that Republican candidate Donald Trump expects, either. Bill Clinton simply is not wielding that kind of influence – good or bad – over voters so far this year, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll. A majority of Americans, including 73 percent of Democrats and 52 percent of Republicans, said Bill Clinton does not factor into their opinion of Hillary for president. (tmsnrt.rs/1OUiYCw) The poll, conducted Jan. 7 to 13, found that 12 percent of Americans are more likely to vote for Hillary, the former secretary of state, because of her marriage to Bill. Among Democrats, fewer than half said Bill Clinton should be more prominent in his wife’s campaign, and less than half felt that his presence in the race would boost her chances of winning. Bill Clinton, who was widely credited for helping Barack Obama win a second term in 2012, has become much more active on the campaign trail this month, especially in New Hampshire, where Hillary Clinton trails Bernie Sanders in several recent statewide polls. Hillary called Bill her “not-so-secret weapon” when announcing the move, though his increased involvement created an opening for Republicans, especially Trump, to bring up allegations of sexual misconduct that dogged the Clintons in the 1990s.  Despite two terms of strong economic growth and a trade surplus, Bill Clinton’s legacy as president has been marked by several high-profile missteps. Several women came forward during his tenure in the White House with allegations of consensual sexual encounters.  He also spent much of his tenure fighting accusations of unwanted advances toward women, including Paula Jones, an Arkansas state employee, who later filed a lawsuit. In 1998, he was impeached by the House of Representatives after attempting to cover-up an affair with another woman, Monica Lewinsky. After Hillary said that Trump, the Republican front-runner, had shown a “penchant for sexism,” the real estate mogul took to Twitter to warn the Democratic front-runner against using her husband as a surrogate on the campaign trail. “If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women’s card on me, she’s wrong!” Trump wrote in late December. Voters, however, do not seem to care. A majority of Americans in the Reuters/Ipsos poll, including 68 percent of Democrats and 50 percent of Republicans, said that Bill’s past sexual misconduct “made no difference” in the current presidential race.     Among women, 56 percent said it did not matter, while another 21 percent said it would hurt Hillary Clinton’s chances of winning the election. A tiny proportion of women – 4 percent – said they thought the experience would actually help her chances of winning. Democrats who turned out to listen to the former president this week in New Hampshire dismissed the allegations of sexual misconduct as no longer relevant.  “I just think it’s none of our business,” said Randall Ferrara, a retired pastor who came to listen to Bill stump in Keene, New Hampshire. “It’s old news and a weapon they use when they don’t have anything else.” Ferrara said he is still deciding between Clinton and her chief rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of nearby Vermont.  Shirley Ferrara, his wife, said that she would be supporting Hillary. She agreed with the roughly half of Democrats that told Reuters/Ipsos that the former president “should take a prominent role” campaigning for his wife and that it would help her. “I think he would be an asset to her,” Ferrara said. Rachel Reekie, a Sanders supporter and Keen State University student who was in elementary school during Clinton’s presidency, said she was “fully aware” of the allegations.  “It’s not a big deal; it’s over,” Reekie said. “I don’t think his presence will have an effect.” The online panel of 1,947 adults has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of about 4 percentage points.  (Editing by Caren Bohan and Lisa Shumaker) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11205,Exclusive: Clinton plans ad blitz as primaries kick off - campaign document,"NEW YORK - Democrat Hillary Clinton plans to pour half of her presidential campaign’s budget into advertising in the first three months of this year as she seeks to fend off an increasingly tough challenge from chief rival Bernie Sanders, according to a summary of her spending plans reviewed by Reuters. The first-quarter advertising blitz would represent almost a doubling of the proportion of money that the campaign devoted to such spending, on average, during 2015.  The report, prepared by her team’s finance committee, aims to paint a picture of a fiscally prudent campaign operation that has been spending heavily on digital tools and organizing last year and is now ready to ramp up ad spending as the 2016 White House race moves into a critical new phase. “The significant early resources mobilized by our Finance Committee in 2015 helped us make smart early investments in key areas – and will enable us to continue with strategic allocations in Q1 of 2016,” the report reads. The first quarter is a crucial period in the presidential nominating contest. It kicks off with the Iowa caucus on Feb. 1, followed by the New Hampshire primary on Feb. 9 and a series of other early votes through March, including “Super Tuesday” on March 1 when 11 states hold nominating contests.  Many of the contests during March, the report notes, “are in big states with expensive media markets.” In 2015, the campaign devoted nearly 10 percent of its spending to technology and digital tools, about a fifth of the budget on list-building and almost another quarter on state organizing, according to the year-end document. List-building refers to amassing names of potential voters who a campaign wants to woo. The Clinton campaign declined to comment on the spending report. The increased focus on advertising spending comes as the campaign expects to shrink the ratios of spending in other areas, especially those that appear related to infrastructure. State organizing, for example, is projected to go from 23 percent in 2015 to 18 percent in the first quarter of this year. List-building is expected to go from 21 percent in 2015 to 14 percent in the first three months of 2016. The report comes two weeks before the Iowa contest, with Clinton locked in a tightening race with Sanders, the fiery U.S. senator from Vermont who has been drawing big crowds in the early-voting states with his calls to crack down on Wall Street.  The emphasis on fiscal prudence is part of a broader effort by the Clinton campaign to reassure supporters that it has learned from her 2008 campaign, which was plagued by missteps, including a failure to match the organizational and digital prowess of Barack Obama, who ultimately won the Democratic nomination - and the general election.  Clinton’s campaign raised more than $112 million last year for the primary fight, according to a previously released statement from Jan. 1. That includes $37 million raised in the fourth quarter. The campaign had nearly $38 million in cash on hand headed into this year, according to the statement. The year-end report only notes budget categories as a percentage of total spending and does not include dollar amounts for categories or line items. Nor did the document include a dollar amount for the overall budget. Through the third quarter of last year, the campaign spent more than $12 million on direct marketing, online ads and media buys, according to campaign finance filings.  Federal Elections Commission filings for the fourth quarter for all presidential campaigns are due Jan. 31.  (Additional reporting by Emily Flitter and Grant Smith; Editing by Caren Bohan and Leslie Adler) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11206,Republican lawmakers worry about running on Trump's coattails,"BALTIMORE - The prospect of running for re-election with Donald Trump at the top of the Republican ticket was worrying some party lawmakers as they huddled for an annual retreat, where a few forecast trouble if Trump becomes the party’s presidential nominee. “Heaven help us,” Representative Peter Roskam said when asked about it by a reporter. But the Illinois Republican quickly added, “I’m not going to comment on the presidential candidates at this point.” That reticence was shared by many lawmakers asked about running on Trump’s coattails during an event in Baltimore where Senate and House of Representatives Republicans gathered to talk through their priorities for a coming year whose highlight is the November election. Some were not reluctant to express concerns. Trump would not help Republicans if he topped the ticket, despite his appeal to Americans fed up with politicians, said Representative Justin Amash, a favorite of the conservative Tea Party movement who has endorsed Kentucky Republican Senator Rand Paul for president. “He does appeal to the anger,” Amash said of Trump, the outspoken real estate mogul who is front-runner to be the party’s presidential nominee. But he said Trump’s “policy prescriptions will take us in the wrong direction, and it won’t be long before many of those people are angry at him and angry at Republicans again.” The idea of Trump capturing the Republican nomination seemed highly unlikely just months ago, but it was sinking in as an actual possibility this week across the Republican Party. In addition to voting for a new president, Americans will elect members of the Senate and the House on Nov. 8. In U.S. politics, a party’s presidential nominee has a big impact on  the campaigns of candidates for both chambers of Congress. At the party gathering, Republican leaders were keen to talk policy, not presidential politics. “What happens above us on the presidential ballot, you really don’t control,” Senator John Thune, a senior party leader from South Dakota, told reporters. House Speaker Paul Ryan, of Wisconsin, said: “We are not sitting here thinking about who the nominee is going to be. We don’t have time to think about that.” But in the hallways of the retreat, at a hotel on Baltimore’s restored waterfront, Trump was often the hot topic. He is leading national opinion polls ahead of the Feb. 1 Iowa caucus, the first step in the nominating process. Representative Jason Chaffetz said it was important to have a presidential nominee who will not “embarrass” the rest of the party’s candidates as they defend the Republican majorities in both congressional chambers. Chaffetz, who is from Utah, has endorsed Marco Rubio, a Republican senator from Florida. Polls show Rubio in third place behind Trump and Texas Senator Ted Cruz in Iowa. “Marco Rubio is not going to embarrass us ... He’s not as sensational in his comments as the others, but there’s a good quality to that, and I think that’s also something you look for in a president,” Chaffetz said. Among other proposals, Trump has called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico to stop the flow of illegal immigrants. Representative Tom Cole said Republicans’ fate will be linked closely to the Republican nominee, whoever it is.  Trump would be a wild card, said Cole, of Oklahoma. “I don’t know what he (Trump) will do. I can see a situation where he could be a great asset, because I do think he will bring some people out (to vote) who have not been brought before.” Representative Peter King of New York agreed that Trump is “more of a gamble” at the top of the ticket. “The conventional wisdom is that he would hurt more than he would help,” said King, who was unable to attend the retreat but spoke by telephone. “But on the other hand, he is tapping into something (among voters) out there.”  (Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh, Caren Bohan and Frances Kerry) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11207,"Atlantic City, N.J., emergency manager suggests privatizing fire department","(Reuters) - Atlantic City, the distressed New Jersey gambling hub, should consider privatizing its fire-fighting services and convention center and find ways to make more money off its drinking water utility, the city’s emergency manager said in an updated fiscal rescue plan. The report comes one year after Governor Chris Christie appointed Kevin Lavin as emergency manager. Lavin’s report, which also calls for additional layoffs, follows an initial assessment last March.  New Jersey taxpayers have so far spent $2.62 million on Lavin and his team of accountants, restructuring lawyers and a mediator, according to invoices obtained and reviewed by Reuters through public records requests. “I’m glad the emergency manager has, after spending millions of dollars in no-bid contracts and wasting months of time, concluded what we all know: that Atlantic City government is broken and needs to be fixed immediately,” Senate President Steve Sweeney said in a statement.  Sweeney is now pushing for a full state takeover of Atlantic City operations that would strip elected officials of nearly all power. Lavin said in a statement that over the past year his office and city stakeholders have “kept the city from falling into financial ruin” by tackling a $100 million budget deficit.  “Unfortunately, our momentum has been stalled by parochial politics that continue to inhibit progress, all to the detriment of the taxpayers of Atlantic City,” he said. “Many of the most critical and financially important issues need to be addressed urgently.” He said the city should consider privatizing the entertainment and sports arena Boardwalk Hall and should regionalize municipal services, including police. The city is facing tough odds. Its school district is projecting a budget deficit of up to $55 million in fiscal 2017. Atlantic City also has at least $190 million of casino tax appeals and other unbonded debt. In part because of that, the city’s “ability to raise public funds in order to repay the unbonded debt is highly unlikely,” the report said The report found that the city does not qualify for “adequate” financing under the state’s Qualified Bond Act, which it used in the past to issue bonds because its credit rating is at junk status. Mayor Don Guardian said in a statement he would review the report. “I fully recognize that much work still needs to be done to fix the problems that have accumulated over the past 30 years,” he said. ",1
11208,Texas lawyer sues Cruz to challenge eligibility,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - A Texas lawyer has filed the first suit seeking clarification on whether Republican candidate Ted Cruz is eligible to be president because he was born in Canada. Newton Schwartz, 85, of Houston also cited Cruz’s stance on issues such as abortion rights, gay marriage and the Bible in a 27-page argument against the Texas senator’s eligibility. Billionaire Donald Trump, the front-runner in the Republican presidential race, has repeatedly questioned whether Cruz is eligible and warned he could be sued, throwing the party into chaos and handing the election to the Democrats. A lawyer in Boston who reviewed the suit and who generally believes Cruz’s eligibility should be questioned said the suit was “defective” and would most likely be thrown out. Schwartz’s suit, which cites a “crescendo” of questions over the matter, was filed on Thursday in federal court in the Southern District of Texas. It is a class action, meaning other people can join, and it requests that a court rule on the issue before November’s presidential election. “If I lose the suit that’s fine, he’s eligible, but if he’s elected and he’s determined to be ineligible after the election, that would cause massive confusion,” Schwartz, a self-described liberal, said. Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks said there is no connection between Trump and Schwartz. Cruz was born in Calgary, Alberta. His mother was a U.S. citizen and his father is Cuban. He has dismissed attacks on his eligibility and pointed out during a Republican candidates’ debate on Thursday that 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain and 1968 Republican candidate George Romney also were born outside the United States but still were considered eligible to be president. A Reuters poll found a quarter of Republicans think Cruz is not qualified because of his birthplace.[nL2N14Z098] A Cruz spokesman declined to comment on Schwartz’s suit. The U.S. Constitution says a president or vice president must be a “natural born citizen” but does not say whether the term means the candidate must be born on U.S. soil or just be a citizen at birth. Any child born to an American mother, no matter where, is considered a U.S. citizen. Schwartz’s lawsuit mentions domestic issues that could be affected if Cruz were president because he opposes abortion and gay marriage. Reached by phone, Schwartz said the issues did not relate to Cruz’s citizenship but that he had wanted to include them as examples of “some of the downside consequences of his being elected.” Vincent DeVito, a Boston lawyer who represented President George W. Bush during the contested 2000 presidential election, said the suit was “likely defective” and should have been filed in state court. “On its merits, the claim is legitimate,” DeVito said, “but the Schwartz pleading itself is poorly written and does not have a sophisticated legal nexus.” DeVito said he expected more suits to be filed challenging Cruz. The case is Schwartz v. Cruz, 4:16-cv-00106, U.S. District Court, Southern District of Texas (Houston). SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11209,Pugnacious New Yorkers hit back at presidential candidate Cruz,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Ted Cruz - be careful who you mess with. Never shy in defense of their city, New Yorkers came out swinging - via social and traditional media - on Friday after the Texas Republican’s comments about “New York values” during a  presidential debate. Cruz’s remarks, aimed as a put-down of campaign rival Donald Trump during Thursday evening’s sour-toned Republican debate, sparked a backlash from city and upstate dwellers, politicians and ordinary citizens alike. James Smith, husband of Moira Smith, a New York police officer who was killed on 9/11, wrote in a Facebook post: “I invite you to come to the National 9-11 Memorial and Museum and see for yourself, and perhaps learn something about, the values of New Yorkers and the Heroes who defended American values on September 11th, 2001.” One theme emerged in particular as New Yorkers piled in: the idea that the senator may be less fastidious when it comes to financing his campaign to be his party’s nominee for the November presidential election.  “I’m sure Ted Cruz was very negative about New York money,” New York Governor Andrew Cuomo told NY1 anchor Pat Kiernan, calling on Cruz to apologize to all New Yorkers. “I’m sure he’s not going to accept any money from any New Yorker. I’m sure if he has, he’s going to return all of those contributions,” said Cuomo, a Democrat. Cruz, top challenger to front-runner Trump in the Republican race, has lately been denouncing “New York values” to try to connect the real estate mogul to the city’s liberalism and to reinforce his own standing as a conservative.  During Thursday evening’s debate, Cruz said on the values issue, “And listen, there are many, many wonderful, wonderful working men and women in the state of New York. But everyone understands that the values in New York City are socially liberal or pro-abortion or pro-gay-marriage, focus around money and the media.”  Trump responded with an emotional tribute to the resilience his home city showed in response to the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. According to Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) data, that exchange between Cruz and Trump was the second-most tweeted moment during the debate. Among tweets shared on Friday was the cover of the New York Daily News, which curtly told Cruz: “Drop Dead, Ted.” Michael Bruno (@MikeJBruno) tweeted on Friday: “@tedcruz you, sir, wouldn’t last 2 minutes in New York. We don’t take kindly to people like you. And that’s our #NewYorkValues.” Nicholas Dyer (@NicholasDDyer), who identifies himself as a Comedy Central producer on Twitter, said: “@tedcruz is the kind of guy who takes his family to the Times Square Applebee’s for dinner. #NewYorkValues.” He was referring scathingly to a chain restaurant that is normally filled with tourists from out of town. “My #NewYorkValues: Tolerance, eccentricity, sleaze, pizza, bagels, dancing, not making eye contact,” tweeted Lindsay Goldwert (@lindsaygoldwert). Many on Twitter perceived Cruz as having targeted the city’s Jewish and gay communities.  Zack Ford (@ZackFord), the LGBT editor at the progressive blog Think Progress, tweeted, “So...#NewYorkValues...Do you just pick a state you know you probably won’t win and belittle everyone from it?” He added, “Cruz knows Trump’s not Jewish, right?” Cameron Gray (@Cameron_Gray) said, “As a Jewish conservative born in Brooklyn, I proudly have #NewYorkValues.  Some local businesses piggybacked the theme to advertise. Drama Book Shop, a theater book store in midtown Manhattan, tweeted: “The #DramaBookShop is proud to have had #NewYorkValues for 99 years.” Others sought to distinguish the politics of the city, which is liberal and overwhelmingly votes Democratic in presidential elections, from the rest of the state. Josephine (@notmyname02) said on Twitter, “Unshackle Upstate New York. We have nothing to do with New York City values. We have mid-West values. #NewYorkValues.” To be sure, some thought the backlash against Cruz was not warranted. Wesley23 (@50th_President) tweeted: “I still think people are overreacting to #TedCruz and his #NewYorkValues line. He clearly meant it was a blue (Democratic) state (and) not very conservative.”  It appeared that neither Cruz nor Trump may have benefited from the exchange. Overall, conversations about the Republican candidates during the debate were negative on social media, according to analytics firm Zoomph.  (Additional reporting by Gina Cherelus; Editing by Dan Burns, Frances Kerry and Andrew Hay) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11210,Pentagon drops Maine from list of potential missile defense sites,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Missile Defense Agency (MDA) said on Friday it had dropped a site in Redington Township, Maine, from a list of potential U.S. sites to deploy more ground-based missile defense interceptors in addition to those in Alaska and California. The agency said other potential sites in New York, Michigan and Ohio remained under consideration, but stressed that no decision had been made to deploy or construct an additional site. MDA said the decision was made after extensive surveys of the potential Maine site, the Center for Security Forces Detachment Kittery Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape Facility (SERE East). “The (Maine) site presented irreversible environmental impacts, significant constructability concerns, and extensive costs associated with developing infrastructure in a remote area,” MDA said in a statement. The Pentagon said in January 2014 that it would conduct environmental impact studies for the four possible missile defense sites in line with a directive from Congress in 2013. The Missile Defense Agency reiterated on Friday that current interceptors on the West Coast would be able to defend the country against missile attacks from countries such as North Korea and Iran. U.S. lawmakers have expressed concern about Iran’s efforts to develop intercontinental ballistic missiles. MDA said that completing the required site studies and environmental impact statements would shorten the timeline to build such a site, if a decision were made in the future to proceed. Kingston Reif, director of disarmament and threat reduction policy at the nonprofit Arms Control Association, said the remaining three environmental impact studies were due to be completed by the end of fiscal year 2016, which ends Sept. 30. Riki Ellison, founder of the nonprofit Missile Defense Advocacy Alliance, said the Maine site was likely deemed too far north to provide protection for sites in the central United States. ",1
11211,Trump fans in Iowa cheer his debate performance,"WAUKEE, Iowa (Reuters) - It was not hard to tell how the Donald Trump fans who jammed the back room at Jethro’s BBQ restaurant in Waukee, Iowa, felt about their candidate’s debate performance on Thursday night. The cheering and clapping as the real estate mogul skewered his rivals, President Barack Obama and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton gave it away. With only a few weeks before Iowa’s first-in-the-nation nominating contest on Feb. 1, more than 75 supporters showed up for a Trump debate watch party at the barbecue spot. They listened intently as the front-runner squared off against six Republican challengers, verbally urging him on at times. Shouts of “You tell ‘em, Donald!” and “Amen!” greeted Trump’s best punch lines, although the crowd freely applauded several other candidates as long as they were directing insults at Obama, Clinton or Clinton’s chief Democratic rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. “He did very well, he came across as very strong,” Georgia Hasan, a Pentacostal minister from Des Moines, said of Trump. “He is saying the things that need to be said and some people are afraid to say.” Several attendees said they regularly came to debate watch parties at Jethro’s, where the waitresses wore red shirts urging patrons to “Vote Jethro.” Pat and Mariann Duff drove for more than 30 minutes from Indianola, Iowa, to join their fellow Trump supporters. “I admire his honesty. He says the same sort of things I say,” said Mariann Duff, who first became a Trump fan from watching his reality TV show “The Apprentice.” A few of Trump’s rivals did not fare so well. “Drop Out, John!” shouted one patron when Ohio Governor John Kasich was introduced. When the broadcast lost sound at one point, a man calmed the crowd by shouting “(Jeb) Bush is on, it doesn’t matter.” Trump narrowly trails U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas in recent opinion polls in Iowa. The crowd grew quiet and listened closely when the two clashed over Cruz’s Canadian birth and what Cruz called Trump’s “New York” values. Eric Durbin, a software developer in Stuart, Iowa, said he would probably back Trump because he thought he had the best chance of stopping Cruz. “I really don’t like Ted Cruz,” Durbin said, citing the candidate’s work for George W. Bush and Cruz’s wife’s work for investment bank Goldman Sachs & Co. “He’s part of the cartel. I don’t trust him.” Lonnie Creveling, a housecleaner from Des Moines, said Trump would stand up for her conservative social values - and she liked his pugnacious style. “I like his toughness,” she said. “You can tell people won’t be able to push him around.” ",1
11212,Chicago black pastors shun mayor's annual King breakfast,"CHICAGO (Reuters) - A group of black pastors boycotted Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s annual Martin Luther King breakfast on Friday, over his handling of police killings, and one pastor attended the event but interrupted it with protest chants before being escorted out. A handful of religious leaders joined protesters who blocked one entrance to the Hyatt Hotel where the breakfast was being held, chanting demands that Emanuel step down. But hundreds of Chicago’s African-American leaders did attend the breakfast - started in the 1980s by the city’s first black mayor, Harold Washington - and the event to honor civil rights leader King. “This boycott is not in opposition to Harold Washington nor Martin Luther King Jr. This boycott stands for the very cause that they stood for, it was through protesting that achievement was made. To sit by and do nothing is to endorse what is going on,” said Bishop Edgar Mullins, pastor of Grace Family Worship Center church, one of the boycotters. Local media showed footage of Rev. Matthew Ross interrupting the breakfast and chanting “16 shots and a cover-up,” in reference to the 2014 fatal shooting of Laquan McDonald, before security guards escorted him from the conference room. Police killings, mostly of men of color, have led to protests around the United States in the past year and a half.  A wave of protests over police killings in Chicago, mostly of young black men, has forced Emanuel to fire his police chief and accept a federal probe of the police department. The city has also reversed its previous policy not to release video footage of police killings. On Thursday officials made public the images from surveillance cameras that show police killing Cedric Chatman, 17, in January 2013. Lawyers for his family say the video contradicts police statements that Chatman, a carjacking suspect, had a dark object that he pointed at them. Alderman Anthony Beale of the city’s ninth ward was among black leaders who attended the breakfast on Friday. He said he was there to honor King’s legacy, which made protests possible. “Either you’re part of the problem or part of the solution. I choose to be part of the solution ... Now is a golden opportunity for us to put real change in this city,” he said. ",1
11213,Michigan governor asks Obama for federal aid in Flint water crisis,"DETROIT (Reuters) - Michigan Governor Rick Snyder has asked President Barack Obama to declare both an emergency and an expedited major disaster in the county where the city of Flint has been dealing with the fallout from lead-contaminated drinking water. Snyder said on late Thursday that he requested federal aid in Genesee County to protect the safety of Flint residents. Earlier this week, he sent the Michigan National Guard to distribute bottled water and other supplies. The financially strapped city was under control of a state-appointed emergency manager when it switched its source of tap water from Detroit’s system to the nearby Flint River in April 2014 to save money. Flint, which is about 60 miles (100 km) northwest of Detroit, returned to using that city’s water in October after tests found elevated levels of lead in the water and in the blood of some children. The more corrosive water from the Flint River leached lead from the city pipes more than Detroit water did, leading to the problems. “I am asking President Obama to provide additional resources,” Snyder said Thursday.  On Friday, Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette said he would investigate whether any laws were violated in the crisis. “No one should have to fear something as basic as turning on the kitchen faucet.” The assistance Snyder has requested could include grants for temporary housing, home repairs and other needs. The Federal Emergency Management Agency will review the request and advise Obama. The White House said on Friday it would consider Snyder’s request. A FEMA spokesman said the agency will give its recommendation to the president as soon as possible. Several Michigan members of Congress on Friday urged Obama to provide the aid. Also on Friday, a bipartisan group of leaders on the House energy and commerce committee sent a letter to the Environmental Protection Agency requesting a briefing “in the coming days” on the Flint crisis. Some Flint residents sued Snyder, other officials, Michigan and the city on Jan. 7 in Genesee County court, seeking class action status covering all residents. Other Flint residents late last year filed a federal lawsuit. Genesee County also has seen a spike of Legionnaires’ disease resulting in 10 deaths that may be related to the water crisis, state officials previously said. Snyder said on Friday he supports the return of more executive powers to Flint Mayor Karen Weaver. Since the city is in receivership, a city administrator is currently responsible for day-to-day operations. ",1
11214,House committee seeks testimony from 'Pharma Bro' Shkreli,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. congressional panel has asked pharmaceutical entrepreneur Martin Shkreli to testify at a Jan. 26 hearing about his company’s decision to raise the price of a life-saving prescription drug, according to a Republican committee staffer. Shkreli, who became known as “Pharma Bro,” created a fire storm last year after his company Turing Pharmaceuticals hiked the price of a drug called Daraprim by more than 5,000 percent. Last month, Shkreli was forced to step down as Turing CEO amid criminal and civil securities fraud charges alleging he ran a Ponzi-like scheme during his tenure at the hedge fund MSMB Capital Management and while he was the CEO of Retrophin, another drug company he previously headed. The securities fraud charges are unrelated to the drug pricing probe by the committee. The hearing before the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will primarily focus on Turing’s price spike of Daraprim, and price hikes for two of Valeant Pharmaceutical’s heart medications - Isuprel and Nitropress. A Democratic committee staffer told Reuters on Friday that Valeant’s Interim CEO Howard Schiller is also expected to appear at the hearing. A Valeant spokeswoman confirmed that Schiller will attend, and said he looks forward to testifying and that the company is cooperating with the ongoing congressional probe. An attorney for Shkreli declined to comment. Earlier this month, House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz and Ranking Member Elijah Cummings jointly sent document requests to Valeant, Turing and Shkreli. In their requests, the lawmakers asked for documents showing each company’s gross revenues and profits from the sales of the drugs in question, as well as communications by the CEOs in connection with the drugs. Since then, Turing has given tens of thousands of documents to U.S. congressional investigators ahead of the hearing, according to a Democratic committee staffer. A spokeswoman for Turing did not have an immediate comment. The committee is expected to review another batch of documents from Valeant in the near future. The deadline for submission is Jan. 22. The House Oversight panel’s interest in drug pricing was sparked by Cummings, who for more than a year has called for the Republican-led panel to probe prescription drug pricing. In a statement, Cummings said he is glad there is now bipartisan support for an investigation. He said Americans are “fed up with watching major drug companies rake in record profits while they continue to struggle to afford their medicines.” ",1
11215,White House reviewing Pentagon plan to close Guantanamo prison,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House has received an updated proposal from the Pentagon to close the Guantanamo prison for foreign terrorism suspects, and is in the “final stages” of reviewing it before releasing it to Congress, an administration official said on Friday. The administration has been trying for years to make good on a pledge Obama made at the beginning of his presidency in 2009 to close down the military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, but has faced stiff political opposition. Its latest plan, which includes a recommendation that prisoners who cannot be prosecuted or transferred to other countries be sent to a U.S.-based prison, has been delayed for several months. Obama told the Pentagon to reduce the cost in its latest draft, which is now at the White House. “The president’s national security team is in the final stages of reviewing the proposal recently submitted by the Pentagon,” said the senior administration official. The White House declined to say when the plan would be released. Lawmakers, especially Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona, have been calling for the plan for some time. The prison was opened in 2002 by Obama’s predecessor, George W. Bush, to house foreign terrorism suspects but quickly drew international criticism from human rights activists and many foreign governments. There are 93 prisoners still housed there. Republicans and some Democrats in Congress largely oppose proposals to move any of the prisoners to U.S. soil, an option currently prohibited by law. U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said on Thursday he had proposed to Obama bringing some detainees to a secure location in the United States, adding Congress had indicated a willingness to consider such a proposal. Senator Kelly Ayotte, an ally of McCain’s, said the administration’s plan should involve keeping the prison open. “If the Obama administration were to move Guantanamo detainees to the United States, that would ignore the will of the majority of Americans, make all of our citizens less safe, and represent a blatant and serious violation of the plain language of the law,” she said in a statement. The plan was not filled with surprises and would be presented to Congress and the public when it was ready, White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters. Echoing an argument the administration has made frequently, he said it cost $4 million a year per prisoner to keep the prison open.  The White House believes closing it would reduce costs and take away a recruiting tool for militant Islamist groups overseas. ",1
11216,"Puerto Rico holding call with creditors, to tweak restructuring plan: official","NEW YORK (Reuters) - Puerto Rico is talking to creditors on Friday to discuss adjusting its long-anticipated restructuring plan unveiled in September, its Government Development Bank president Melba Acosta said in a statement.  Facing $70 billion in debt and a 45 percent poverty rate, Puerto Rico is trying to solve an economic crisis before it hits substantial debt payments in May and July. It has defaulted on some of its debt and is trying to persuade creditors to take concessions.  In September, Puerto Rico officials unveiled the sweeping Puerto Rico Fiscal and Economic Growth Plan (FEGP), which included cuts to teacher pensions, a new financial control board and restructuring $18 billion of debt due in the coming five years. The proposed plan was subject to negotiation with creditors and relied on significant action from Washington as well as passing legislative hurdles in the U.S. territory.  “The FEGP is being revised given the recent reduction in revenue projections already reported by PR Treasury,” Acosta said, adding that it would be extended from five years to ten. A conference call with creditors is taking place on Friday, she said.  “Given this, the restructuring proposal is being adjusted accordingly,” she said.  The island’s Treasury said in December it had revised revenue estimates for the full year 2016 to $9.3 billion from $9.8 billion, a $508 million reduction. ",1
11217,"U.S. halts new coal leases on federal land, first review in decades","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration, in the first major review of the country’s coal program in three decades, on Friday ordered a pause on issuing coal-mining leases on federal land as part of new executive actions to fight climate change. The halt could last three years, U.S. Interior Secretary Sally Jewell told reporters, while officials determine how to protect taxpayers’ stake in coal sales from public lands and how burning coal could worsen climate change. “We have an obligation to current and future generations to ensure the federal coal program delivers a fair return to American taxpayers and takes into account its impacts on climate change,” Jewell said on a conference call. Federal land accounts for over 40 percent of U.S. coal production. Most leases are on public land in Western states, primarily Wyoming, along with Colorado, New Mexico and Utah. The review, the administration’s latest move to combat climate change using executive authority rather than wait for congressional action, comes at a tough time for the industry. Since 2012, more than 50 coal companies have filed for bankruptcy in the face of competition from cheap natural gas and clean-air regulations that have raised costs for burning the fossil fuel. National Mining Association President Hal Quinn said development of coal projects on federal land already took more than 10 years and Friday’s announcement just adds more red tape. “The coal supply being cut off by today’s action has been the source of the lowest-cost and most reliable electricity keeping America’s lights on and people working,” he said. Republican lawmakers were quick to criticize the reform effort, accusing the administration of “ravaging” coal country. “Congress will continue to fight back against the president’s ruthless pursuit of destroying people’s low-cost energy sources in order to cement his own climate legacy,” said U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan. President Barack Obama, in his annual State of the Union address on Tuesday, hinted at the moves, saying he would “change the way we manage our oil and coal resources so that they better reflect the costs they impose on taxpayers and our planet.” Environmental groups had pressed the White House for years to freeze fossil fuel leases, arguing that allowing coal development on public land undermines the president’s climate agenda. Environmental activists have said that while the coal reform program is a good first step, the administration should extend the review to oil and natural gas for it to meet its goal to slash greenhouse gas emissions. “Any good-faith effort to meet international climate targets necessitates that the vast majority of all remaining coal, oil and natural gas on federal lands must stay in the ground,” said Elijah Zarlin, director of climate campaigns at activist group CREDO. Jewell said the review will examine concerns flagged by the Government Accountability Office and the Interior Department’s Inspector General, as well as members of Congress and the public. She added that the Interior Department will also adopt measures to boost transparency of federal coal leasing. Measures include a public database to show the carbon emitted from fossil fuels developed on public lands, posting online pending requests to lease coal or reduce government royalties, as well as capturing methane emissions from mines. Jewell said the pause will not apply to existing coal production and that the government will allow mining of metallurgical coal used in making steel, as well as emergency leases if more reserves are needed for power generation. “We have plenty of coal,” Jewell said, adding that reserves already under lease are enough to sustain current levels of production from federal land for 20 years. ",1
11218,"Factbox: The economy, guns top on social media during U.S. Republican debate","(Reuters) - The sixth televised Republican presidential debate, hosted by Fox Business Network on Thursday night, had millions on social media weighing in on immigration, guns and jobs, among other issues. Here are the talking points that went viral: The most-tweeted topics during the #GOPDebate were, in order: 1. Foreign affairs 2. Gun control 3. The economy The three most-tweeted moments were, in order: 1. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie’s punchy statement directed at President Barack Obama: “We’re going to kick your rear end out of the White House.” 2. The comment by Ted Cruz, a U.S. senator from Texas, about New York “values” and real estate mogul Donald Trump’s response, which referred to the city’s recovery from the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. 3. Trump and Cruz’s sparring over polls. On Facebook, the top issues discussed during the Republican debate were, in order: 1. Iran 2. Immigration 3. Islamic State (ISIS) 4. The economy  5. Guns Trump, front-runner in the race to be the Republican nominee for the November presidential election, was the top searched candidate during the debate, followed by Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio, according to Google Trends data.  ",1
11219,White House says Iran's progress on nuclear deal must be verified,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Iran has made important progress in its effort to implement the international agreement to curtail its nuclear program, but its actions must still be independently verified, the White House said on Friday. “We want to make sure they don’t cut any corners,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told a briefing. He said Iran would not receive sanctions relief until the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) confirms it has complied with the agreement. Earnest said he had no update on the timing of the implementation of the nuclear deal. ",1
11220,White House: IAEA report on Iran nuclear deal is more than technicality,WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House on Friday said it will rely on international experts to ensure that Iran is living up to its commitments to curtail its nuclear program. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the International Atomic Energy Agency’s (IAEA) report on Iran’s compliance with the nuclear agreement is more than a technicality and there is ample reason to distrust Iran. ,1
11221,Jeb Bush endorsed by former rival Lindsey Graham in key state,"CHARLESTON, S.C./WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican candidate Jeb Bush was endorsed by former rival Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina on Friday, winning an important ally in a state where a Feb. 20 vote could prove critical in the 2016 race for a presidential nominee. The move by the hawkish Graham, who ended his own presidential campaign on Dec. 21, reflected his view that Bush offered the best plan to defeat Islamic State militants and to do so by forming alliances with Muslim nations in the region. Graham’s decision could be significant in swaying not only South Carolina Republican voters but also his good friend Senator John McCain, the 2008 Republican presidential nominee who remains an influential figure in the party and who has spoken warmly about Bush in recent months. Graham said the vote in South Carolina, which will follow Iowa’s caucuses on Feb. 1 and New Hampshire’s primary on Feb. 9, will reset the race. “Jeb Bush is going to be a nominee that can win an election that as a party we can’t afford to lose. He will be the president that can reset the world, bring us together and solve hard problems,” Graham said. In making his announcement, Graham also said that a Bush rival, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, was, at 44, too young to be president. Rubio delivered a strong performance Thursday night at a debate of the top seven Republican candidates, an event that front-runner Donald Trump was seen as winning. Graham, 60, said he believed Rubio would be president some day, but not following the Nov. 8 election.  Pointing to his own experience, he said at age 44: “I was not ready to be president.” Stung by a series of ads against him from the Bush campaign and the SuperPAC that supports Bush, Rubio released a TV ad on Friday, calling Bush desperate. Bush waved off the attacks, suggesting Rubio has been too sensitive in the hypercompetitive political world. “If you’re a candidate, you can’t play the role of victim, and he shouldn’t either,” Bush said. Graham said Trump’s proposed ban on Muslims entering the United States would complicate efforts to gain support from governments in the Middle East. At the debate, Bush had said Trump’s idea was flawed and that a Muslim alliance was vital. Graham, who has been a sharp Trump critic, said Bush’s bid to woo Latino voters was also critical in widening the reach of the Republican Party, which has not won the presidency since Bush’s brother, George W. Bush, was reelected in 2004. Bush, said Graham, “wants to expand a party that desperately needs to grow.” Trump dismissed Graham’s move on Twitter. “Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush,” he tweeted.     (Editing by Bernadette Baum) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11222,Donald Trump says he would tax Chinese goods to stop currency devaluation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump called for higher tariffs on Chinese goods if China does not stop allowing its yuan currency to devalue. Trump reiterated a call he has made for a 45 percent tariff to offset devaluation. The billionaire businessman also criticized Japan, saying it was engaging in similar practices and pointed to competition between tractors made by U.S. company Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N) and those made by Japan’s Komatsu Ltd (6301.T). “They’re devaluing their currency, and they’re killing our companies,” Trump said. “We are letting them get away with it, and we can’t let them get away with it.” The yuan posted modest gains on Friday, but it was still around 1.4 percent weaker against the dollar than it started the year and has lost nearly 5 percent since August. The question of how best to respond to China’s currency devaluation become a topic of discussion between the Republican presidential hopefuls in Thursday night’s debate.  Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush criticized Trump for calling for higher tariffs, saying that would only prompt retaliation against U.S. goods. “This would be devastating for our economy,” Bush said in response. “We need someone with a steady hand being president of the United States.”  U.S. Senator Marco Rubio of Florida said he opposes tariffs on Chinese goods because it would only increase prices for American consumers.  “China doesn’t pay the tariff, the buyer pays the tariff. If you send a tie or a shirt made in China into the United States, and an American goes to buy it at the store and there’s a tariff on it, it gets passed on in the price to the consumer,” Rubio said. Trump responded that Rubio’s approach - to simply build the American economy in response - would take too long.  “You absolutely have to get involved with China. They are taking so much of what we have in terms of jobs, in terms of money,” Trump said. “We just can’t do it any longer.” U.S. Senator Ted Cruz of Texas agreed that a tariff would not solve the trade problem with China.  “If we just impose a tariff, they’ll put reciprocal tariffs, which will hurt Iowa farmers and South Carolina producers and 20 percent of the American jobs that depend on exports,” Cruz said, referring to two of the early voting states in the presidential nominating contest. Asked about Trump’s remarks, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei told a regular press briefing that China adjusted its currency based on market needs and that it would maintain the yuan exchange rate at a “reasonable equilibrium level”.  “We are opposed to competitive devaluation of the currency, as well as currency wars,” Hong said. ",1
11223,Democratic presidential contender O'Malley investigated over furniture purchases: Post,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democratic presidential candidate Martin O’Malley, a former Maryland governor, is under investigation for buying furniture from the state executive mansion at sharply discounted prices as he left office, The Washington Post reported on Friday. The O’Malley family paid $9,638 for beds, chairs, desk lamps, mirrors and other items from the mansion’s living quarters after the administration declared them “excess property,” the paper said. The furnishing originally cost $62,000, according to The Baltimore Sun, which first reported the furniture purchase and the investigation, the Post said. The Post cited Haley Morris, a spokeswoman for O’Malley’s presidential campaign, as saying the investigation by the Anne Arundel County state’s attorney office was “a bogus political attack that the Maryland Republicans have tried to make stick.” Morris said O’Malley bought the furniture under the same procedures used by his predecessor when he moved out of the executive mansion, the Post reported. O’Malley has said he followed the procedures outlined to him by the state and paid the depreciated rate for the furniture as laid out by the state’s Department of General Services. O’Malley is lagging far behind Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination.      (Reporting by David Alexander; Editing by Bernadette Baum) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11224,Quarter of Republicans think Cruz's birthplace disqualifies him for president: poll,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A quarter of Republicans think White House hopeful Ted Cruz is disqualified to serve as U.S. president because he was born in Canada to an American mother, a new Reuters/Ipsos poll found. Republican voters nearly mirror independents and the broader electorate in their belief that Cruz cannot hold the White House, with 27 percent of all voters and 28 percent of independents responding he should be disqualified. Cruz, a U.S. Senator from Texas who was born to a U.S. citizen mother and Cuban father in Calgary, Alberta, has brushed aside the attacks about his eligibility as pure politics. But the questions could hamper his ability to rally the broad Republican support he would need to win the party’s nomination to run for the presidency in November’s election. Only 47 percent of all voters surveyed responded that they thought Cruz is qualified to be president with regard to his citizenship, with 26 percent saying they were not sure. The poll was taken from Jan. 7 to Jan. 14, before questions about Cruz’s eligibility became one of the most heated moments of Thursday night’s Republican primary debate. New York businessman and reality TV star Donald Trump has made questions about Cruz’s eligibility a regular attack line on the campaign trail and the debate stage.  “I already know the Democrats are going to be bringing a suit. You have a big lawsuit over your head while you’re running, and if you become the nominee, who the hell knows if you can even serve in office?” Trump said during Thursday night’s debate. “So you should go out, get a declaratory judgment, let the courts decide.” But Cruz tried to use Trump’s own previous words against him in response.  “Back in September, my friend Donald said that he had his lawyers look at this from every which way and there was nothing to do this,” Cruz said. “Since September, the Constitution hasn’t changed, but the poll numbers have.”  Trump became a conservative darling in 2011 when he repeatedly questioned President Barack Obama’s eligibility to be president, insisting that the president may have been born in another country and demanding to see his birth certificate. Obama was born in Hawaii. It made Trump one of the most well-known “birthers,” a term used to describe those who insisted Obama had been born elsewhere. The constitutional issue at question is the requirement that a president be a “natural born” citizen. Cruz, 45, has argued that because he became a citizen at the time he was born, that makes him qualify as natural born. But his opponents argue that at the time of the writing of the Constitution, natural born would have required being born on American soil. U.S. Senator John McCain, who ran as the Republican nominee in 2008, was born in Panama, but argued he met the requirement because his birth took place on a U.S. military installation, which is the same as American soil. The poll, which has a confidence interval of 5 percentage points, posed two questions to two separate polls of voters. One group was asked about Cruz’s eligibility. The other half was asked a generic question about the eligibility of anyone born in Canada with an American parent.  (Reporting by Ginger Gibson and Chris Kahn; editing by Grant McCool) SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.",1
11225,"Trump, Cruz tensions may provide liveliest Republican debate yet","NORTH CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Flaring tempers and sharp elbows may turn a debate among seven Republican presidential candidates into a seven-car pileup on Thursday with tensions between Donald Trump and rival Ted Cruz leading the way. The sixth Republican debate, at the North Charleston Coliseum in the swing state of South Carolina, takes place at a tense time for the Republican field with the clock ticking toward Feb. 1 in Iowa, the first contest in the race to choose the party’s nominee for the Nov. 8 general election. The 9 p.m. EST (0200 GMT Friday) debate features the top seven candidates ranked by Republican voters: New York real estate businessman and reality TV star Trump, Texas Senator Cruz, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and Ohio Governor John Kasich.  Nearly every candidate has had a bone to pick with one or more of the others this week. Beyond the Trump-Cruz theatrics, Bush has blasted Trump and Rubio, Rubio has slammed Bush as well as Cruz and Christie, and Christie has attacked most everyone else. “Given all the attacks that are taking place and the counterattacks, I think it will be a more lively debate than we’ve seen at this point,” said Eric Fehrnstrom, who was a top adviser to 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney. “Donald Trump is still in complete command and the race is still about who will become his main challenger.” In an earlier debate of low-polling candidates, Republicans Carly Fiorina, Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum largely focused their criticism on Democrats rather than each other.  They were all in agreement that President Barack Obama’s strategy toward Iran, the fight against Islamic State and his executive orders last week to strengthen gun control were flawed and should be changed. Fiorina, the former Hewlett-Packard CEO who was demoted from the main stage because of faltering poll numbers, dominated the so-called “undercard” debate with a series of one-line zingers, one of them aimed at Democrat Hillary Clinton over her prior marital strains with Bill Clinton, the former president. “Unlike another woman in this race, I actually love spending time with my husband,” said Fiorina. U.S. Senator Paul Rand of Kentucky opted out of the “undercard debate” and said instead he would host a town hall session on Twitter during the main debate. Front-runner Trump has put Cruz, his main obstacle to an Iowa victory, on the defensive by suggesting Cruz may not qualify to be a candidate because he was born in Canada (to a U.S. citizen mother and a Cuban father). This was a change in posture by Trump on the issue, however, after saying in an interview with ABC News last September that he had heard that lawyers believed it was not a problem for Cruz. Trump and Cruz have been friendly over the past year, until now. Being targeted by Trump is a new position for Cruz, who has taken the lead in some polls of Iowa Republican voters in part by avoiding tangles with Trump. In the Reuters rolling national poll on Jan. 12, Trump had 39 percent of the vote, Cruz 14.5 percent, Bush 10.6 percent, Carson 9.6 percent and 6.7 percent favored Rubio, once viewed by the Republican establishment and many donors as a rising star. Cruz told reporters in New Hampshire on Tuesday that Trump is relying on a judgment on the birthright question from Harvard law professor Laurence Tribe, who Cruz described as “a liberal, left-wing, judicial-activist” and a supporter of Democratic Party front-runner Hillary Clinton. “The past couple of elections we saw the Democrats thrilled that they got the nominee they wanted to run against in the general election, and it seems the Hillary folks are very eager to support Donald Trump,” Cruz said. Trump, who has proved to be a master at finding a perceived weakness in an opponent, insisted Cruz’s Canadian birth violated the U.S. Constitution’s requirement that only “natural born citizens” can be president. “Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!” he tweeted on Wednesday. Mudslinging abounds elsewhere in the field as a grouping of other candidates fight to be the alternative to Trump with battles over national security and immigration. For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here) ",1
11226,White House to revamp U.S. coal program as soon as Friday: sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration will announce as soon as Friday an overhaul of how the United States manages coal development on federal land, according to government and conservationist sources, in a further move to confront climate change. In his State of the Union address on Tuesday, Democratic President Barack Obama said he would “change the way we manage our oil and coal resources, so that they better reflect the costs they impose on taxpayers and our planet.” The new plan will require federal officials, when weighing land use decisions, to consider how mining and burning coal adds to greenhouse gas pollution, said environmental group sources familiar with the plans. The overhaul also will aim to maximize returns for taxpayers by updating royalty rates when mining companies pull coal from federal land, said the sources. “We’re working to have this tomorrow,” said a Bureau of Land Management official who declined to give details on the administration’s plans. Environmentalists have urged the White House to freeze new coal leases on federal land until it accounts for how that fossil fuel development contributes to climate change. A moratorium on coal leases could be part of the reform, said environmental sources familiar with the effort. Coal leases are often awarded without a competitive bidding process, frequently going to a single bidder, and officials can undervalue the fuel heading to market, the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office has concluded. “Public lands should be developed in the public interest but taxpayers have been shortchanged for decades,” said Theo Spencer of the Natural Resources Defense Council, an environmental group. The Energy Information Administration says roughly 41 percent of U.S. coal production occurs on federal land. The coal industry had been battered in recent years by competition from cheap natural gas and clean-air regulations that have raised costs for burning the black rock. This week, Arch Coal, one of the nation’s largest coal companies, filed for bankruptcy - the latest mining company to seek protection from creditors in the current downturn. The National Mining Association was not immediately available for comment. ",1
11227,Exclusive: Atlantic City emergency fiscal management costs top $2.6 million,"(Reuters) - New Jersey taxpayers will owe $2.62 million for roughly a year’s worth of work by a team of professionals called in to help turn around the distressed gambling hub Atlantic City, according to invoices obtained and compiled by Reuters. It is not clear what taxpayers have to show for it. Despite the work by a state-appointed emergency manager and the law and accounting firms he hired, so little progress has been made in reversing the seaside resort’s fortunes that lawmakers are now considering a full takeover of city operations. Reuters reported in September that the amount was $2.15 million, but invoice reports since then for additional work by restructuring lawyers at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom have pushed the total up by 20 percent. Reuters obtained the documents through a public records request. Governor Chris Christie appointed Kevin Lavin as emergency manager on Jan. 22, 2015. Since then, Lavin’s team has produced one report, in March.  The Press of Atlantic City this month obtained a non-public  draft of a follow-up report. A spokesman for Lavin told Reuters last week that a report is expected “within the coming weeks.” Four of the city’s eight casinos closed in 2014, pummeled by  competition from neighboring states. That contributed to a 70 percent reduction in the city’s property tax base, to a projected $6 billion this year from $20.5 billion in 2010.  Lavin and his team - including Skadden, Ernst & Young LLP [ERNY.UL], and mediator Donald Steckroth - were to review and propose solutions to the city’s immediate fiscal crisis, suggest possible longer-term fixes and negotiate with labor unions. Separately, the state had already appointed a monitor and had to approve the city’s budget and hiring. But lawmakers are seeking an even firmer grasp. On Tuesday, they introduced legislation that would strip Atlantic City’s elected officials of most of their control, except for the ability to file for municipal bankruptcy. “You can’t justify a $262 million budget for 40,000 people. It’s obscene,” Senate President Steve Sweeney, a co-sponsor of the bill, said earlier this week. “(The mayor and city council) need to make the tough decisions now.” Mayor Don Guardian and city council members denounced the takeover proposal. Guardian said on Wednesday the city trimmed $14 million from its 2015 budget and expects to cut $16 million more this year. ",1
11228,Exclusive: Atlantic City emergency fiscal management costs top $2.6 million,"(Reuters) - New Jersey taxpayers will owe $2.62 million for roughly a year’s worth of work by a team of professionals called in to help turn around the distressed gambling hub Atlantic City, according to invoices obtained and compiled by Reuters. It is not clear what taxpayers have to show for it. Despite the work by a state-appointed emergency manager and the law and accounting firms he hired, so little progress has been made in reversing the seaside resort’s fortunes that lawmakers are now considering a full takeover of city operations. Reuters reported in September that the amount was $2.15 million, but invoice reports since then for additional work by restructuring lawyers at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom have pushed the total up by 20 percent. Reuters obtained the documents through a public records request. Governor Chris Christie appointed Kevin Lavin as emergency manager on Jan. 22, 2015. Since then, Lavin’s team has produced one report, in March.  The Press of Atlantic City this month obtained a non-public  draft of a follow-up report. A spokesman for Lavin told Reuters last week that a report is expected “within the coming weeks.” Four of the city’s eight casinos closed in 2014, pummeled by  competition from neighboring states. That contributed to a 70 percent reduction in the city’s property tax base, to a projected $6 billion this year from $20.5 billion in 2010.  Lavin and his team - including Skadden, Ernst & Young LLP [ERNY.UL], and mediator Donald Steckroth - were to review and propose solutions to the city’s immediate fiscal crisis, suggest possible longer-term fixes and negotiate with labor unions. Separately, the state had already appointed a monitor and had to approve the city’s budget and hiring. But lawmakers are seeking an even firmer grasp. On Tuesday, they introduced legislation that would strip Atlantic City’s elected officials of most of their control, except for the ability to file for municipal bankruptcy. “You can’t justify a $262 million budget for 40,000 people. It’s obscene,” Senate President Steve Sweeney, a co-sponsor of the bill, said earlier this week. “(The mayor and city council) need to make the tough decisions now.” Mayor Don Guardian and city council members denounced the takeover proposal. Guardian said on Wednesday the city trimmed $14 million from its 2015 budget and expects to cut $16 million more this year. ",1
11229,California Governor Brown pushes big water project amid drought,"SACRAMENTO, Calif. (Reuters) - California Governor Jerry Brown warned on Thursday of near-apocalyptic water shortages if his $15 billion plan to divert water from a Northern California river for use elsewhere gets bogged down in political and environmental disputes. The plan to remove water north of the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta, the fragile source of much of the state’s drinking water, is opposed by many environmentalists, but Brown insisted it was crucial in shoring up water supplies in the drought-plagued state.  “If we don’t have the project, the delta will fail, water will not be available and California will suffer devastating economic consequences,” Brown, a Democrat, told a meeting of water regulators and utility executives in Sacramento to discuss the state’s progress in stabilizing its water system. The plan calls for digging a pair of tunnels under the delta. They would carry water from the Sacramento River to the state’s agricultural breadbasket as well as cities in the central and southern parts of America’s most populous state. The governor’s proposal, which must go through an environmental review and permitting process, has reignited California’s century-old water wars, sparked when Los Angeles siphoned water from the Owens Valley north of the city to slake the thirst of the growing Southern California metropolis.   Opponents have said the plan will imperil salmon, trout and the endangered delta smelt, damage the delta’s role as a center for water recreation and sport fishing, and could ultimately reduce the availability of drinking water for Northern California cities. Brown, who has backing from labor, utilities, moderate Democrats and many Republicans, has said the project will protect the delta while ensuring an adequate water supply. But opponents said the project would harm the ecosystem. “How will the delta ever recover if freshwaters are never allowed to flow through it, even in rainy seasons,” said Barbara Barrigan-Parrilla, director of the Restore the Delta group. Backers estimate construction would take at least 10 years after the necessary approvals are received, barring lawsuits and other actions to try to slow the project.   ",1
11230,Michigan eyes state budget surplus for Flint water costs,"(Reuters) - Michigan would tap its $575 million fiscal 2015 budget surplus to cover costs related to Flint’s water crisis, a spokesman for the state’s budget office said on Thursday. Kurt Weiss said that Budget Director John Roberts expects to ask the legislature this month for an appropriation to help Flint with short-term costs related to the city’s lead-contaminated drinking water. The financially strapped city was under the control of a state-appointed emergency manager when it switched its source of tap water to the nearby Flint River in April 2014 from Detroit’s water system to save money. Flint, about 60 miles (100 km) northwest of Detroit, returned to using Detroit water in October after tests found some children had elevated levels of lead in their blood and lead was found in higher-than-acceptable levels in the water. Lead levels were still “well above” the acceptable federal level in many homes, city officials said last month. Governor Rick Snyder this week sent the Michigan National Guard to distribute bottled water and other supplies to residents. Flint residents left with bills for water declared undrinkable due to lead contamination filed a lawsuit in state court on Jan. 7 against Snyder, the state, the city and other officials. The lawsuit filed in Genesee County court, which includes Flint, seeks class action status covering all residents. Other Flint residents late last year filed a federal lawsuit accusing the city and state of endangering their health. Michigan’s plan for funding Flint’s water-related costs  came as state officials set revenue estimates for the current and next fiscal years. For fiscal 2016, which began on Oct. 1, the estimate for the state’s general and school funds was set at $22 billion, $149 million lower than a projection made in May. Fiscal 2017 revenue was pegged at $22.7 billion. ",1
11231,Maine lawmakers drop effort to impeach combative governor,"AUGUSTA, Maine (Reuters) - Maine lawmakers killed a motion on Thursday that would have marked the first step toward impeaching Republican Governor Paul LePage, whose blunt comments have often infuriated adversaries. The motion, presented on Thursday morning by eight Democrats and one independent, called for the creation of a legislative committee to investigate at least eight “allegations of misconduct” against LePage. Lawmakers seeking LePage’s ouster contended he overstepped his authority when he threatened to withhold funds last year from a nonprofit that hired a political rival, among other charges. Legislators, including some of LePage’s critics in the Democratic-controlled state House of Representatives, voted 96-52 to postpone the motion indefinitely. “As I have said all along, this impeachment nonsense was nothing more than a political witch hunt that had absolutely no merit,” LePage said in a statement following the vote.     The vote came a week after LePage drew criticism for saying out-of-state drug dealers were coming to Maine and impregnating “white girls.” Critics called the comments racist, while LePage told reporters he had misspoken. The majority of Democrats who spoke during a three hour-long House debate favored an investigation of LePage’s actions, but Republicans said the allegations against LePage would set the bar for impeachment proceedings too low. “What is going to be the standard, the threshold, next time that someone is disgruntled with the actions of a chief executive?” asked Republican state Representative Ken Fredette. LePage has acknowledged threatening to withhold funding from a charter school for troubled youths, after it hired House Speaker Mark Eves, a Democrat, as president. LePage said he felt Eves was unqualified and had been offered the job as a political favor.  Maine Attorney General Janet Mills, a Democrat often at odds with LePage, reviewed the charges but found no basis for a criminal investigation. Since taking office in 2011 as a favorite of the conservative Tea Party movement, LePage has often engaged in a war of words with political opponents. He has called Eves a “hack” and often refers to the legislators as “corrupt.” No Maine governor has ever been impeached. Nationally, state officials are rarely impeached. Most recently, in 2009, Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich was removed from office for attempting to sell then President-elect Barack Obama’s vacated Senate seat for cash. ",1
11232,Advocates perplexed by U.S. response to Central American migrants,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Refugee advocates said on Thursday the Obama administration is sending mixed signals to Central American migrants by deporting families who have fled to the United States while increasing resources in the crime-ridden region for asylum seekers. Secretary of State John Kerry announced on Wednesday that the United States would work with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to expand opportunities for people from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras to apply for refugee status before coming to the United States. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security recently conducted raids in the United States on Central American families who had fled the region in an effort to deter others from doing the same. “That frankly leaves us scratching our heads and leaves us wondering how the administration could be talking about the refugee resettlement issue in such different terms,” said Wendy Young, president of Kids in Need of Defense, an advocacy organization for children who enter the U.S. immigration system alone. Young said the families were not given due process before being deported.  The question of what claim Central Americans fleeing violence have to refugee status in the United States comes amid a polarized national debate about the U.S. immigration system. Some congressional Republicans have said migrants, including refugees from Central America and the Middle East, could threaten public health and national security. More than 140 Democrats in the U.S. House wrote a letter to President Barack Obama condemning the deportation raids. Refugee and immigration advocates said the administration’s plan to deport Central Americans from the United States while increasing opportunities for them to seek asylum from their own countries wrongfully assumes that those asking for asylum at the border are a threat. The asylum application process, which can take two years, is unfeasible for families needing to flee violence quickly, said Jen Smyers, associate director of immigration and refugee policy at Church World Service.  Michelle Brané, director of migrant rights and justice at the Women’s Refugee Commission, said the administration’s “border enforcement approach to this issue has been a mistake from the beginning.” Young said the administration wanted to counter the perception that border is out of control but “I think what they’re going to find out is that the most dangerous political calculation is that the immigrant rights community ... are now all unifying and speaking out in strong opposition to this new policy.” ",1
11233,"Obama says will focus on criminal justice reform, cancer research","BATON ROUGE, La. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Thursday that he will focus his final-year legislative efforts on criminal justice reform, an expansion of a tax credit for the working poor, and a push to find medical research breakthroughs. The three areas are relatively rare areas of common ground between Obama and the Republican-controlled Congress, Obama said during a town hall, part of a push to promote his priorities as attention turns to the race to replace him in the November presidential election. Obama told a crowd of about 1,000 people at a high school that “I’ve got a whole bunch of stuff to do between now and next year” when his second and final term in office ends. Obama has tasked his vice president, Joe Biden, with marshalling scientists to “double down” on research into a cure for cancer. “It’s a good story and it’s not as politically controversial as some issues,” Obama said. “It probably won’t be cured in my life time, but it might be cured in yours,” he told a 10-year-old girl at the town hall. The research push will need a “big investment,” he said. Details could come in his Feb. 9 budget proposal. Obama also said he would like to expand the earned income tax credit, a tax break for poor families, to also help single people - an idea for which Republican Speaker Paul Ryan has expressed support. He told the crowd that he thinks there is enough bipartisan support to reform mandatory minimum sentences for non-violent offenders. Obama said he will use his authority to take action where he can - an approach that has enraged Republicans on issues like immigration, environmental regulations, and gun control. Giving another example of where he wants to use his executive authority in the year ahead, Obama talked about the need to modernize ancient government computer systems. “That’s what we can do without Congress,” he said. Obama praised Louisiana’s newly sworn in Democratic Governor John Bel Edwards, who made expanding Medicaid coverage for low-income people his first order of business. In his Feb. 9 budget, Obama will propose to give the 19 state governments that passed up an earlier offer to expand Medicaid a second chance to opt in, with aid from the federal government, the White House said. “We’re hoping to encourage more states to do the right thing,” Obama said. Medicaid expansion was part of the Affordable Care Act, Obama’s signature health care reform law better known as Obamacare. But some Republican governors opposed expansion as costly and unnecessary. ",1
11234,Republican presidential nominee Carson's finance chair quits,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican Ben Carson’s presidential campaign faced additional turmoil on Thursday with the resignation of his top finance aide, who reportedly was earning $20,000 a month. Politico, which first reported the resignation of Dean Parker, cited campaign insiders who criticized spending decisions, including generous consulting fees paid to inexperienced staff. It said Parker was earning the hefty salary for an honorary position that is typically unpaid. In a statement, Carson said he had accepted Parker’s  resignation, but gave no other details. Parker, in the statement, said: “While current allegations towards me are misrepresentations, my primary goal is to help Dr. Carson save our nation.” The loss of Carson’s top financial aide came as seven of the Republican presidential candidates, including Carson, hold one of their last debates before the first presidential contests to pick the party’s 2016 presidential candidate. Carson, who led public opinion polls last summer but began slipping in the fall, earlier saw his staff bleed when his campaign manager and about 20 other staff members quit amid infighting in late December. ",1
11235,Ted Cruz did not disclose 2012 Senate campaign loan: NY Times,"(Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz failed to disclose to the Federal Election Commission a loan from Goldman Sachs for as much as $500,000 that was used to help finance his successful 2012 U.S. Senate campaign, the New York Times reported on Wednesday. The loan does not appear in reports the Ted Cruz for Senate Committee filed with the FEC, in which candidates are required to disclose the source of money they borrow to finance their campaigns, the newspaper reported. Other campaigns have been fined for failing to make such disclosures, which are intended to inform voters and prevent candidates from receiving special treatment from lenders, the Times said. Cruz has surged in recent opinion polls and now leads  billionaire businessman Donald Trump in Iowa, which on Feb. 1 holds the first contest in the process to choose the Republican nominee for the November presidential election.  In 2012, Cruz was campaigning for the Texas Senate seat as a populist firebrand who criticized Wall Street bailouts and the influence of big banks in Washington, and the loans could have conveyed the wrong impression about his candidacy, the Times said.  Speaking to reporters on Wednesday after a campaign event in Dorchester, South Carolina, Cruz called the failure to disclose the loans to the FEC a “technical and inadvertent filing error.” “Those loans have been disclosed over and over and over again on multiple filings. If it was the case that they were not filed exactly as the FEC requires, then we’ll amend the filings. But all of the information has been public and transparent for many years,” he said. Catherine Frazier, a spokeswoman for Cruz, said Cruz had taken out the Goldman Sachs loan against his own assets and had paid off the loan in full. Cruz and his wife, Heidi, who is on leave as a managing director at Goldman Sachs, also received a loan from Citibank for up to $500,000, but it was not clear whether that money was used in the campaign, the newspaper said. There was no evidence the Cruzes got a break on their bank loans, which were disclosed in personal financial statements filed with the U.S. Senate, according to the newspaper. ",1
11236,Trump campaign member praises Oregon wildlife refuge occupation,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the armed standoff at a national wildlife refuge in Oregon had gone on “too long,” and that once people are allowed to take over federal property, “you don’t have a government anymore.”     But last week, after he made those comments, the head of a veterans’ group formed by his campaign traveled to Oregon to meet with protesters whom he described as a “peaceful” and “constitutionally just” movement.     Although Jerry DeLemus, a 61-year-old retired Marine, said he made the visit on his own rather than as a representative of Trump’s campaign, he is the only member of a presidential campaign to have openly visited the occupation of the Malheur Wildlife Refuge since it began on Jan. 2.     His presence at the Oregon standoff highlights the array of extreme views in Trump’s support base, as the billionaire real-estate mogul taps a vein of grassroots supporters who are deeply upset with current federal leadership in his quest to lead the Republican Party in this year’s presidential election. In an interview on Tuesday, DeLemus told Reuters that while he was skeptical of the occupation at first, he now thinks the group is enjoying “great success” in resisting the “thug-like, terroristic” actions of the federal government by claiming the land for local citizens. Trump’s campaign has received support from several other sources who hold more extreme views than him, including white supremacist groups that recently launched a pro-Trump automated telephone campaign in Iowa and former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke, whose endorsement Trump rejected in August.     Unlike those supporters, however, DeLemus is a formal member of Trump’s campaign and says he plans to help inform the candidate about the true nature of the standoff in Oregon in an effort to convince Trump to support their cause.     The armed protesters garrisoned at the wildlife refuge are led by Ammon Bundy, a rancher from Nevada. The occupation, which began as a protest against the extended prison sentences of local ranchers who set fire to federal land, is now focused on reclaiming the federal land in the county for local citizens.     “It’s my intention to ensure that he has the whole story,” DeLemus said of Trump. “I think it’ll really arouse him, and once he understands, I wouldn’t be surprised to see him heading out West.” The Trump campaign did not respond to requests for comment.      Dan Shea, a professor of government at Maine’s Colby College who has studied the polarization of American voters, says the Oregon standoff would likely have strong appeal to some Trump supporters.  “What Trump supporters want is dramatic action, and for some, what’s happening in Oregon is an example of that.”     DeLemus has a history of expressing views and taking actions that are more extreme than those of Trump, who has been criticized by Democrats and Republicans alike for what some see as a stream of shocking, offensive and radical remarks.      In 2014, DeLemus spent about a month in Nevada leading a makeshift militia in a standoff with the Bureau of Land Management on behalf of rancher Cliven Bundy, whose sons are leading the Oregon occupation.      Last year, DeLemus also made headlines for planning an art contest for people to draw the Prophet Mohammad in New Hampshire, though he called it off for public safety reasons. Depictions of the prophet of Islam are considered offensive by many Muslims. ",1
11237,Trump blasts former Scottish leader as war of words grows,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump hit out at former Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond on Thursday, calling him “an embarrassment” as he defended his ownership of a prestigious Scottish golf course.  The attack is the latest in a feud between the pair, stemming from Trump’s objection in 2013 to a Scottish government-approved offshore wind farm project near one of his golf courses.  Trump has found himself under scrutiny from British politicians more generally after they voted last week to debate a call to ban him from the UK due to public outcry over his proposal to stop Muslims entering the United States. Calling Salmond a “stupid man”, Trump accused him of destroying landscapes by supporting wind farm projects and said he “disgracefully” released from prison a Libyan convicted of blowing up Pan Am flight 103 over the Scottish town of Lockerbie in 1988. “Alex Salmond is an embarrassment to Scotland,” he said. Trump’s statement was issued as a response to Salmond, who had said on Wednesday on a radio program that it would be better for Scotland if the billionaire developer and former reality TV star were not the owner of the Turnberry golf course in the south west of the country.  Salmond, a campaigner for Scotland’s independence from the United Kingdom, also said he would support Britain’s interior minister Theresa May if she did issue Trump with a travel ban, ending his comments by suggesting that Trump wore a toupee.  In a previous row, Trump had called Salmond a “has-been and totally irrelevant”.  Half-Scottish Trump, who speaks proudly of his Gaelic heritage, defended his ownership of Turnberry, one of the two golf resorts he owns in Scotland, saying he was spending 200 million pounds ($290 million)on a revamp. Should Britain ban him from entering, Trump has threatened to cancel 700 million pounds of planned investments in Scotland.  “His response to any suggested ban has not changed,” a spokeswoman for Trump said on Thursday. ",1
11238,"Trump, Cruz tensions may provide liveliest Republican debate yet","CHARLESTON, S.C./MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - Flaring tempers and sharp elbows may turn a debate of seven Republican presidential candidates into a seven-car pileup on Thursday with tensions between Donald Trump and rival Ted Cruz leading the way. The sixth Republican debate, at the North Charleston Coliseum in the swing state of South Carolina, takes place at a tense time for the Republican field with the clock ticking toward Feb. 1 in Iowa, the first contest in the race to choose the party’s nominee for the Nov. 8 general election. “Everybody has to avoid making mistakes,” said David Yepsen, director of the Paul Simon Public Policy Institute at Southern Illinois University. “If you mess something up in this debate you’re going to have almost no opportunity to correct it.” The 9 p.m. EST debate features the top seven candidates ranked by Republican voters: New York real estate businessman and reality TV star Trump, Texas Senator Cruz, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and Ohio Governor John Kasich.  Nearly every candidate has had a bone to pick with one or more of the others this week. Beyond the Trump-Cruz theatrics, Bush has blasted Trump and Rubio, Rubio has slammed Bush as well as Cruz and Christie, and Christie has attacked most everyone else. If Fox Business Channel moderators Neil Cavuto and Maria Bartiromo focus on these disputes, the debate could be one of the liveliest of the series. But whether the bickering helps is questionable. “I think the Republicans have to stop beating up each other and let their opponents do that in the Democratic Party,” said Republican voter J.P. Marzullo of Deering, N.H. Front-runner Trump has put Cruz, his main obstacle to an Iowa victory, on the defensive by suggesting Cruz may not qualify to be a candidate because he was born in Canada (to a U.S. citizen mother and a Cuban father). This was a change in posture by Trump on the issue, however, after saying in an interview with ABC News last September that he had heard that lawyers believed it was not a problem for Cruz. Trump and Cruz have been friendly over the past year, until now. Being targeted by Trump is a new position for Cruz, who has taken the lead in some polls of Iowa Republican voters in part by avoiding tangles with Trump. In the Reuters rolling national poll on Jan. 12, Trump had 39 percent of the vote, Cruz 14.5 percent, Bush 10.6 percent, Carson 9.6 percent and 6.7 percent favored Rubio, once viewed by the Republican establishment and many donors as a rising star. Cruz told reporters in New Hampshire on Tuesday that Trump is relying on a judgment on the birthright question from Harvard law professor Laurence Tribe, who Cruz described as “a liberal, left-wing, judicial-activist” and a supporter of Democratic Party front-runner Hillary Clinton. “The past couple of elections we saw the Democrats thrilled that they got the nominee they wanted to run against in the general election, and it seems the Hillary folks are very eager to support Donald Trump,” Cruz said. Trump, who has proved to be a master at finding a perceived weakness in an opponent, insisted Cruz’s Canadian birth violated the U.S. Constitution’s requirement that only native-born Americans can be president. “Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!” he tweeted on Wednesday. Mudslinging abounds elsewhere in the field as a grouping of other candidates fight to be the alternative to Trump with battles over national security and immigration. “Given all the attacks that are taking place and the counter attacks, I think it will be a more lively debate than we’ve seen at this point,” said Eric Fehrnstrom, who was a top adviser to 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney. “Donald Trump is still in complete command and the race is still about who will become his main challenger.” For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here) ",1
11239,"For Republican Rubio, a moment of truth in race to lead U.S.","CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Long viewed by the Republican establishment and many donors as one of their rising stars, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio has been struggling to make his mark in the race for the party’s 2016 presidential nomination in a field led by mavericks Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. Regarded as well-spoken and telegenic, Rubio began facing criticism a few months ago when he was perceived as campaigning too little in Iowa and New Hampshire, the two states where next month party members will cast their first ballots. Rubio, 44, may still have a breakthrough, but with 20 days to go until Iowa’s Feb. 1 nominating caucuses, the first-term Florida lawmaker faces questions about his campaign strategy in a race for the Nov. 8 election made up of 11 candidates dominated by the billionaire Trump and U.S. Senator Cruz of Texas. His prospects reach a critical moment at a Thursday night debate in South Carolina when he tries to position himself as the consensus alternative to Trump and Cruz and distance himself from such establishment candidates as former Florida governor Jeb Bush and governors Chris Christie of New Jersey and John Kasich of Ohio. Republican experts say he seems to be straddling two political lanes, trying to win over establishment Republicans as well as anti-establishment conservatives who favor Cruz. The debate, on the Fox Business Network, is due to begin at 9 p.m. ET on Thursday (0200 GMT on Friday). The son of Cuban immigrants, Rubio has drawn support by stressing his working-class upbringing in Las Vegas and Miami as the child of a bartender father and a mother who was both a maid and a cashier. But voters and party operatives suggest he has until recently failed to commit to the intimate face-to-face politicking considered mandatory by voters in either Iowa or New Hampshire, which has a Feb. 9 primary. Rubio aides acknowledge the high stakes of the coming weeks. “I feel good but we’ve got to close strong,” said Rubio’s New Hampshire state director, Jim Merrill. A Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll showed Rubio on Wednesday at 6.7 percent, compared to 15.2 percent little more than a month ago, falling from second place to fifth among Republicans after Trump, Cruz, Bush and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson. Some voters have cited a tendency by Rubio in past months to stick to well-honed talking points on the stump instead of mixing it up at town-hall meetings where people can ask questions. This has raised concerns he might lack necessary experience. “There’s a lot of people who were very interested in him and continue to be, but in Iowa it just seems like he hasn’t fully committed himself to aggressively campaign in the state and that’s causing some pause,” Iowa Republican strategist Doug Gross said. Dennis Thorell of New Durham, New Hampshire, said Rubio needed a longer resume of accomplishments than U.S. senator and former speaker of the Florida House of Representatives. Thorell said Rubio might be better suited for the vice presidency or another top job in a Republican administration. “He hasn’t had any experience running anything,” Thorell said while listening to Rubio in Concord, New Hampshire, last week. “He did very well in the legislature down in Florida and was mentored by Jeb (Bush) but he hasn’t run anything.” Rival candidates for the Republican nomination have assailed Rubio also for his absences from the U.S. Senate during hearings and floor votes, raising further questions about how he spends his time. Defending his record of missed votes, Rubio has said the majority of his time is spent in service to his constituents and his Senate committee work, both of which he says continue unabated. Rubio aides told Reuters they plan a multimillion-dollar advertising campaign for New Hampshire and expect to outspend all rivals on the TV airwaves in the state. The aides said Rubio has plans to be a major presence in both Iowa and New Hampshire in the final stretch, with a schedule that will include plenty of give-and-take with voters in informal settings such as town halls. They said Rubio’s schedule is as heavy as any of his rivals, but that much of it has been at behind-the-scenes fund-raising events that have been essential to get him the resources needed for the final push. Republican strategists say Rubio’s path to the nomination would have to start with at least a third-place finish in Iowa presumably behind poll leaders Cruz and Trump, which would deliver him some momentum going into New Hampshire. If Rubio goes on to place high in Iowa and do well in New Hampshire, he and his aides will see it as the realization of a strategy of going for broke at the right moment in the states that render the first judgments in the presidential race. “From the get-go we said we didn’t want to peak in September, we wanted to peak in February. It’s starting to grow. It feels like it’s starting to happen for us,” Rubio spokesman Alex Conant said. Republican analysts say Rubio appears to be as well-placed as any of his rivals in the drive to become the establishment Republican favorite. He is drawing increasingly larger crowds in New Hampshire and has a solid organization in the state. “I think he suffered from the perception that he hasn’t been here as much and worked it as hard as some of his competitors,” Republican strategist Steve Duprey said. “If he puts the pedal to the metal, he could do very well.” For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here). ",1
11240,Kansas governor orders Planned Parenthood funding cut,"(Reuters) - Kansas Governor Sam Brownback has ordered state officials to cut off funding for Planned Parenthood and its affiliates through the state Medicaid program, a move the organization said on Wednesday it would challenge in court. Brownback, a Republican, said in his state of the state address on Tuesday that he would direct the state health secretary to ensure that no taxpayer money go to Planned Parenthood, which he said trafficked in baby body parts. “No longer will we send the money of hard-working Kansans to fund an industry that disrespects life and violates the moral conscience of our people,” Brownback said in a statement. The governor’s statement was an apparent reference to videos  secretly recorded by an anti-abortion group that activists said showed that Planned Parenthood officials in some states had discussed the sale of aborted fetal tissue. Planned Parenthood has denied any illegal payments, calling the videos distortions of the issue of fetal-tissue donations. The organization has said it has received only reimbursements for its costs, which are legal under U.S. law. The Kansas Department of Health and Environment said it would issue a termination letter to Planned Parenthood of Kansas and Mid-Missouri. Laura McQuade, president and chief executive of the Kansas and Mid-Missouri Planned Parenthood, said the planned termination would result in a legal battle. “Kansans and their health care providers are not Mr. Brownback’s punching bag and we will fight back,” McQuade said. Federal funds cannot be used for abortions, but Planned Parenthood also provides Medicaid covered services such as contraception, cancer screening and other care. Several states have sought to cut off funding for Planned Parenthood following the release of the videos. Courts have blocked some of those attempts at least temporarily in Utah, Louisiana, Alabama and other states. ",1
11241,"Allentown, Pennsylvania's former controller indicted on fraud charge","HARRISBURG, Pa. (Reuters) - The former controller of Allentown, Pennsylvania, was indicted on Wednesday on charges of conspiracy to commit fraud, joining a growing number of officials caught up in an alleged scheme to obtain campaign donations in exchange for city contracts. Mary Ellen Koval, 64, a Democrat who was elected controller in 2011 and served until her resignation on Jan. 5, is expected to enter a plea on Thursday in U.S. District Court in Allentown, according to local news reports that quoted her lawyer.  She could receive up to 20 years in prison if convicted on the charge of conspiracy to commit “honest services” fraud. “She is a very strong, very old-school, classy lady who is, despite what has happened, doing the right thing by the city and the people in the city,” her lawyer, Eric Dowdle, told the Morning Call newspaper. Koval has an unlisted number and could not be reached for comment. Gary Strathearn, a former city finance director, pleaded guilty on Monday to a charge of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud as part of the same suspected scheme. Dale Wiles, a former assistant city solicitor, pleaded guilty in December to withholding documents from the FBI. Koval, who was also chairman of the Allentown Parking Authority, is accused of conspiring with a leading city official identified in the charging documents as “Public Official #3” to obtain campaign funds for that unnamed official in exchange for city contracts.  “Public Official #3 ... made clear to certain vendors ... that providing campaign contributions ... was a necessary condition for receiving certain favorable treatment from the City of Allentown,” according to the charging documents. The unidentified official “agreed to take official action which would be favorable to three donors who had contributed campaign funds to Public Official #3,” the documents said. Allentown Mayor Ed Pawlowski has not been named in any of the indictments. The Democrat announced plans in 2015 to challenge Republican U.S. Senator Pat Toomey but ended his campaign after the announcement of the FBI investigation. ",1
11242,"In Republican state, Obama talks with worried American mom","OMAHA, Neb. (Reuters) - President Barack Obama visited a young family in their suburban Nebraska living room on Wednesday, the first stop on what the White House said will be a year-long tour to talk before he leaves office about fixing the country’s polarized politics. His trip to Nebraska, a Republican “red state,” is meant to help promote the big-picture ideas he laid out in his final State of the Union speech on Tuesday, where he said he regretted American politics had become more rancorous. Obama spent about 40 minutes visiting with Lisa Martin, who sent him a letter last year she wrote at 4 a.m. when she was awake feeding her son Cooper. In the letter she described her “overwhelming sense of dread” about climate change. “Will he be able to experience the small things, such as winter in Nebraska, where he has snow days and sledding?” Martin wrote in the letter, expressing feelings of powerlessness. “Call it sleep deprivation or desperation, but something made me want to email the president that night, so I did,” Martin said on Wednesday. Afterwards, Obama reprised his address to a packed-to-the-rafters crowd of 11,000 at a hockey rink at the University of Nebraska, a state where he acknowledged he got “whupped” in his 2012 re-election campaign. Obama said that American economic and foreign policy is stronger than described by “a bunch of folks right across the river” - a jab at Republican presidential candidates campaigning for the party’s nomination in the early voting state of Iowa. “That’s just hot air. That’s bluster. That’s not serious,” Obama said. “There’s another word for it that starts with a ‘b’ - it’s baloney,” he said. Obama has said he hopes to work with the Republican-led Congress on a few issues where there is common ground in his final year: criminal justice reform, passing a sweeping Asian trade deal, and addressing heroin addiction and poverty. But on a host of issues Congress does not support him, such as curbing climate change, and the race to win the Nov. 8 election to succeed him overshadows Obama’s push to cement his legacy. Obama was due to fly on Wednesday to Baton Rouge, Louisiana - another red state - where he will take questions from residents at a town-hall meeting on Thursday. ",1
11243,South Korea calls for 'bone-numbing' sanctions on North for nuclear test,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea warned North Korea on Wednesday that the United States and its allies were working on sanctions to inflict “bone-numbing pain” after its latest nuclear test, and urged China to do its part to rein in its isolated neighbor.  With tension high on the border after the North’s fourth nuclear test on Wednesday last week, South Korean forces fired shots toward what Yonhap News Agency said was a suspected North Korean drone.  It returned to the North after the shots, South Korean military officials told Reuters. The North’s nuclear test angered both China and the United States and again raised questions about what can be done to stop its development of nuclear weapons. The World Economic Forum withdrew its invitation for North Korea’s foreign minister to attend its annual Davos meeting because of the nuclear test. It was to have been the country’s first participation in the event in 18 years. The U.S. House of Representatives voted nearly unanimously on Tuesday to pass legislation to broaden sanctions on the North. But apparently unperturbed by the prospect of further international isolation, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un called for an expansion of the size and power of his country’s nuclear arsenal, urging the “detonation of more powerful H-bombs”, the North’s state media reported. North Korea said last week it had tested a powerful hydrogen bomb but the United States and various experts doubt that, as the blast was roughly the same size as that from its previous test, of an atomic bomb, in 2013. South Korean President Park Geun-hye said more “provocations” by the North including “cyber-terrorism” were possible and new sanctions should be tougher than previous ones. She did not give specifics. “We are cooperating closely with the United States and allies to come up with effective sanctions that will make North Korea feel bone-numbing pain, not only at the Security Council but also bilaterally and multilaterally,” she said in a speech. Park said South Korea and China were discussing a U.N. Security Council resolution on North Korea, noting that China had stated repeatedly that it would not tolerate its nuclear program. China is North Korea’s main ally and trade partner but it opposes its bombs, while Beijing’s ties with South Korea have grown closer in recent years. “I am certain that China is very well aware if such a strong will isn’t followed by necessary steps, we will not be able to stop the North’s fifth and sixth nuclear tests and we cannot guarantee true peace and stability,” Park said. “I believe the Chinese government will not allow the situation on the Korean peninsula to deteriorate further.” Sung Kim, U.S. special representative for North Korea policy, met with his South Korean and Japanese counterparts in Seoul on Wednesday and said the three agreed that a “meaningful” new sanctions resolution was needed from the Security Council. “I hope the Chinese authorities agree with us that we simply cannot take a business as usual approach to this latest provocation. We will be working very closely with them to come up with a meaningful resolution,” he said. In Washington, White House deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes said China could and should put more pressure on North Korea. “We understand their concern about instability on the Korean peninsula, but the fact of the matter is that the current status quo is destabilizing where you have nuclear tests,” he told a news briefing. Rhodes said it was important the United States and its allies developed capabilities to respond and referred to Sunday’s U.S. B-52 bomber flight over South Korea, missile defense and military cooperation with both South Korea and Japan. Rhodes also said that President Barack Obama chose not to mention North Korea in his State of the Union address on Tuesday as he did not want to give Kim Jong Un the attention. “He likes attention and probably would like nothing more than the president to spend a lot of time to talk about it in the State of the Union,” Rhodes said. “We didn’t particularly feel compelled to give him that attention.” China rejects complaints it is not doing enough on North Korea. In Beijing, Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said China’s efforts toward a denuclearised Korean peninsula would continue. “This is in everyone’s interests and is everyone’s responsibility, including China and South Korea,” he said. The U.S. House sanctions measure passed by 418-2 and Senate leaders expect to consider a similar bill shortly. The House bill had been introduced in 2015 but was brought up for a vote only after North Korea’s latest test. “(The bill) uses targeted financial pressure to isolate Kim Jong Un and his top officials from the assets they maintain in foreign banks, and from the hard currency that sustains their rule,” said Republican Representative Ed Royce, chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and an author of the measure. To become law, it must also pass the U.S. Senate and be signed by Obama. The 28,500 U.S. troops in South Korea have been put on high alert as a noisy propaganda battle is played out across the heavily fortified border with the North. South Korea, still technically at war with the North since their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce, not a treaty, has for days been blaring propaganda through loudspeakers across the border. South Korea’s military said it had found anti-South leaflets in the Seoul area, which it suspects were dropped from North Korean hot air balloons. South Korean financial regulators met computer security officials at 16 banks and financial institutions and urged vigilance in the face of possible cyberattacks by North Korea, although none has been detected. ",1
11244,U.S. to expand refugee program for Central Americans fleeing violence,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States will expand its program helping the thousands of people fleeing violence in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Wednesday. The announcement follows backlash from Democrats in the U.S. Congress who called on the Obama administration to halt its deportations of families who fled the three crime-infested Central American countries and entered the United States without documentation. The expanded Refugee Admissions Program would offer “a safe and legal alternative to the dangerous journey many are currently tempted to begin, making them easy prey for human smugglers who have no interest but their own profits,” Kerry said in a speech at the National Defense University. President Barack Obama previously said the United States would take in 3,000 refugees from Latin America by October this year. A State Department spokesperson said the administration does not have plans to take in more than 3,000 refugees from the region, but it may adjust the number “should conditions require.” He said the U.S. government would work with the United Nations and non-governmental organizations to identify people  in need of refugee protection. He specifically mentioned those targeted by criminal gangs, including human rights activists. “We also continue to explore additional options, including for those who may be at imminent risk of harm,” Kerry said. Once the United Nations High Commissioner on Human Rights refers a potential refugee to the United States for resettlement, the case is reviewed at a Resettlement Support Center, according to the State Department.    The United States operates nine centers globally, but only one is in the Western hemisphere - in Quito, Ecuador. The State Department spokesperson said the Quito center operates a branch office in San Salvador, El Salvador.  Kerry did not say whether the United States would deploy any federal workers to the region or had plans to open additional centers.  The Department of Homeland Security has received more than 6,000 applications from minors in Central America, some of whom have begun to arrive in the United States as refugees, Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson said on Jan. 4. He said he expected the pace of child refugee arrivals to increase. ",1
11245,Bid to mine more coal on U.S. federal lands tests Obama's green agenda,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama’s State of the Union pledge to better manage fossil fuel development will face a test within days, when federal officials rule on whether to open public lands containing more than 600 million tons of coal to more mining. Interior Department officials are due to decide Jan. 27 on whether to lease two mine sites on federal land in Wyoming’s coal-rich Powder River Basin, where the black rock runs in 10-story seams. Environmentalists strongly oppose more coal mining on federal land, saying burning all that coal would exacerbate climate change. Reforming government controls on federal lands is one of the few actions still available to Obama in his final year in office.  Developing the two Wyoming sites would make more than 640 million tons of coal available to mining companies, according to the Interior Department. Each ton of burned coal creates 1.66 metric tons of carbon dioxide, according to government data. That means burning all the coal at the lease sites would add more than a billion metric tons of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere. The Energy Information Administration says roughly 41 percent of U.S. coal production occurs on federal land, and environmentalists have argued strongly against permitting more mining there.  The Interior Department must assess the environmental impact of each energy lease under a law enacted during the 1970s under President Richard Nixon, decades before climate change became a concern to policymakers. Conservationists say those  environmental studies should account for the wider climate impact. In his State of the Union address on Tuesday, Obama vowed to “change the way we manage our oil and coal resources, so that they better reflect the costs they impose on taxpayers and our planet.” In Obama’s first term, the Interior Department mulled but  balked at raising royalty rates on companies that tap federal land. Since then, environmentalists have urged the White House to undertake a sweeping review of fossil fuel extraction. In the meantime, they have called on the administration to refrain from awarding further leases, including the two in Wyoming. “Until the administration steps back and considers all the impacts, we need a moratorium,” said Jeremy Nichols of WildEarth Guardians which joined several other conservation groups in a letter on Wednesday urging Obama to freeze coal leases. The two leases under consideration are West Antelope III and Decker South, which abut existing mines. The administration has not indicated its position on those two leases, and the Interior Department on Wednesday declined to comment. Interior Secretary Sally Jewell visited western states last summer, calling for “an honest and open conversation about modernizing the federal government’s coal program.” Last year, Obama used his authority to help secure a global climate agreement between nearly 200 countries. He also denied a permit to build the Keystone XL oil pipeline and issued new rules to crack down on carbon pollution from U.S. power plants. In coming weeks, the Interior department’s Bureau of Land Management is also expected to release a plan to curb emissions from oil and gas production on federal land. “This is the obvious low-hanging fruit on climate change that he hasn’t touched yet,” said a Congressional aide who tracks the administration’s coal policies. ",1
11246,"For Republican Rubio, a moment of truth in race to lead U.S.","CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - Long viewed by the Republican establishment and many donors as one of their rising stars, U.S. Senator Marco Rubio has been struggling to make his mark in the race for the party’s 2016 presidential nomination in a field led by mavericks Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. Regarded as well-spoken and telegenic, Rubio began facing criticism a few months ago when he was perceived as campaigning too little in Iowa and New Hampshire, the two states where next month party members will cast their first ballots. Rubio, 44, may still have a breakthrough, but with 20 days to go until Iowa’s Feb. 1 nominating caucuses, the first-term Florida lawmaker faces questions about his campaign strategy in a race for the Nov. 8 election made up of 11 candidates dominated by the billionaire Trump and U.S. Senator Cruz of Texas. His prospects reach a critical moment at a Thursday night debate in South Carolina when he tries to position himself as the consensus alternative to Trump and Cruz and distance himself from such establishment candidates as former Florida governor Jeb Bush and governors Chris Christie of New Jersey and John Kasich of Ohio. Republican experts say he seems to be straddling two political lanes, trying to win over establishment Republicans as well as anti-establishment conservatives who favor Cruz. The debate, on the Fox Business Network, is due to begin at 9 p.m. ET on Thursday (0200 GMT on Friday). The son of Cuban immigrants, Rubio has drawn support by stressing his working-class upbringing in Las Vegas and Miami as the child of a bartender father and a mother who was both a maid and a cashier. But voters and party operatives suggest he has until recently failed to commit to the intimate face-to-face politicking considered mandatory by voters in either Iowa or New Hampshire, which has a Feb. 9 primary. Rubio aides acknowledge the high stakes of the coming weeks. “I feel good but we’ve got to close strong,” said Rubio’s New Hampshire state director, Jim Merrill. A Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll showed Rubio on Wednesday at 6.7 percent, compared to 15.2 percent little more than a month ago, falling from second place to fifth among Republicans after Trump, Cruz, Bush and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson. Some voters have cited a tendency by Rubio in past months to stick to well-honed talking points on the stump instead of mixing it up at town-hall meetings where people can ask questions. This has raised concerns he might lack necessary experience. “There’s a lot of people who were very interested in him and continue to be, but in Iowa it just seems like he hasn’t fully committed himself to aggressively campaign in the state and that’s causing some pause,” Iowa Republican strategist Doug Gross said. Dennis Thorell of New Durham, New Hampshire, said Rubio needed a longer resume of accomplishments than U.S. senator and former speaker of the Florida House of Representatives. Thorell said Rubio might be better suited for the vice presidency or another top job in a Republican administration. “He hasn’t had any experience running anything,” Thorell said while listening to Rubio in Concord, New Hampshire, last week. “He did very well in the legislature down in Florida and was mentored by Jeb (Bush) but he hasn’t run anything.” Rival candidates for the Republican nomination have assailed Rubio also for his absences from the U.S. Senate during hearings and floor votes, raising further questions about how he spends his time. Defending his record of missed votes, Rubio has said the majority of his time is spent in service to his constituents and his Senate committee work, both of which he says continue unabated. Rubio aides told Reuters they plan a multimillion-dollar advertising campaign for New Hampshire and expect to outspend all rivals on the TV airwaves in the state. The aides said Rubio has plans to be a major presence in both Iowa and New Hampshire in the final stretch, with a schedule that will include plenty of give-and-take with voters in informal settings such as town halls. They said Rubio’s schedule is as heavy as any of his rivals, but that much of it has been at behind-the-scenes fund-raising events that have been essential to get him the resources needed for the final push. Republican strategists say Rubio’s path to the nomination would have to start with at least a third-place finish in Iowa presumably behind poll leaders Cruz and Trump, which would deliver him some momentum going into New Hampshire. If Rubio goes on to place high in Iowa and do well in New Hampshire, he and his aides will see it as the realization of a strategy of going for broke at the right moment in the states that render the first judgments in the presidential race. “From the get-go we said we didn’t want to peak in September, we wanted to peak in February. It’s starting to grow. It feels like it’s starting to happen for us,” Rubio spokesman Alex Conant said. Republican analysts say Rubio appears to be as well-placed as any of his rivals in the drive to become the establishment Republican favorite. He is drawing increasingly larger crowds in New Hampshire and has a solid organization in the state. “I think he suffered from the perception that he hasn’t been here as much and worked it as hard as some of his competitors,” Republican strategist Steve Duprey said. “If he puts the pedal to the metal, he could do very well.” For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here). ",1
11247,Cheesy puns abound as White House hosts online chat,"(Reuters) - The White House attracted pungent waggery on Wednesday after using the arcane theme of a big block of cheese to lure people into a post-State of the Union online conversation with administration officials.  The social media event was inspired by President Andrew Jackson’s 1837 open house featuring a 1,400-pound block of cheese, with a meta allusion to fictional White House chief of staff, Leo McGarry, who told his staffers about the cheese draw in an early episode of “The West Wing” TV series. Following President Barack Obama’s final State of the Union address on Tuesday evening, the administration invited Cabinet officials, members of Congress and Senior White House officials to answer questions submitted by the public on social media such as Twitter and Facebook, with the hashtag #BigBlockOfCheeseDay. It was the third year the White House has staged the event and it was among the top trending hashtags on Twitter on Wednesday as people asked questions on topics ranging from climate change to the economy.  Others jumped in to deliver a gouda deal of cheese puns. Margarey Gach (@mgachby) tweeted: “Seeing the White House accounts inundated w/ cheesy puns is really grate. They feta keep this up all day #BigBlockOfCheeseDay.” “#BigBlockofCheeseDay you cheddar believe it,” wrote Darren Bown (Dazzb84). “Pure bliss with a slice of swiss #BigBlockOfCheeseDay,” tweeted Carol Layne (@keddle01).  Chuck Badger (@CharlesBadger) tweeted: “I think you have to be a “West Wing” fan to truly appreciate the glory that is #BigBlockOfCheeseDay today.” Big Block of Cheese Day was intended as a nod both to President Jackson and “The West Wing,” and to make the administration more accessible, the White House said in its blog. The event drew serious responses from administration officials such as Valerie Jarrett, a senior Obama adviser, and Labor Secretary Tom Perez. Asked about plans for the minimum wage, Perez (@LaborSec) tweeted: “Americans shouldn’t have to win the geographic lottery for fair paycheck. Need to #RaiseTheWage #BigBlockOfCheeseDay.”      Other officials such as first lady Michelle Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough were also expected to take part.      Twitter users were invited to use the hashtag #AskTheWH along with #BigBlockOfCheeseDay to get their questions answered.  ",1
11248,"New York's Cuomo proposes $145.3 billion budget, caps spending","ALBANY, N.Y. (Reuters) - New York Governor Andrew Cuomo on Wednesday presented a $145.3 billion budget that keeps operating funds growth at 1.7 percent for a sixth year, while promising an infrastructure development plan that he said will be the largest in the state’s history. Cuomo, a Democrat, outlined his budget in his sixth annual state of the state address in New York’s capital, Albany. It was a wide-ranging speech designed to portray Cuomo as a governor of big ideas, touching on topics including the minimum wage, prison reform, counter terrorism and paid maternity leave. Cuomo has consistently presented himself as a responsible steward of the state’s finances, capping spending growth at 2 percent or under. When he took office in 2011 he inherited a budget deficit of $10 billion and a state known for fiscal dysfunction. He has tied his governorship to big infrastructure projects and has spent the new year touring the state, promising a program to equip New York for the next 100 years. Wednesday’s speech was no exception. Cuomo, who has been cited as a possible presidential candidate beyond 2016, presented himself as an alternative to the gridlock in Washington D.C. “This nation has real problems that we haven’t seen before and with the gridlock in Washington I am not going to rely on them to solve them,” Cuomo told a packed convention center in the address that lasted for over an hour and half. Cuomo’s infrastructure plans include rebuilding New York City’s Pennsylvania Station for $3 billion, expanding rail services to Long Island by adding a third track for $1 billion and a $1 billion extension to the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York City. He has also promised $22 billion for upstate transport over the next five years. The funds, which will primarily go to repairing roads and bridges, are aimed at creating parity between upstate and downstate spending on transport, Cuomo said. Cuomo also tried to draw a line under a difficult year for Albany after speakers of the Assembly and Senate were convicted on corruption charges. He proposed measure to close a loop hole allowing some companies to skirt limits on political donations. A cloud of suspicion was removed from Cuomo this week after the top federal prosecutor in Manhattan said there was “insufficient” evidence to prove any crimes occurred when the governor prematurely disbanded an anti-corruption panel.          ",1
11249,Trump looms behind both Obama and Haley speeches ,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump was not in the room during U.S. President Barack Obama’s final State of the Union speech, but the Republican presidential front-runner was a looming presence nonetheless.  Both Obama’s speech on Tuesday and, for that matter, the Republican response by South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, took pains to rebuke Trump, the real estate billionaire whose red-hot rhetoric has endeared him to some and dismayed others in the campaign for the Nov. 8 presidential election. Obama and Haley, although from different parties, offered a defense of establishment politics, a plea for optimism and a quest for common ground. Obama seemed to refer specifically to Trump’s call for a temporary ban on Muslim immigration following a deadly shooting attack last month in San Bernardino, California, by a couple authorities said had been radicalized. “We need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion. This isn’t a matter of political correctness,” Obama said. Trump has mounted much of his insurgent candidacy on the notion of America losing ground, both economically and in terms of global influence. Obama rejected that idea outright.  “It’s easier to be cynical,” Obama said, “to accept that change isn’t possible, and politics is hopeless, and to believe that our voices and actions don’t matter.” Soon after Obama concluded his remarks in the chamber of the House of Representatives, Trump tweeted: “The State of the Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time.” While consistently criticizing Obama’s record, Haley, the daughter of Indian immigrants and a potential Republican vice presidential choice, also seemed to indict Trump’s message. “Some people think that you have to be the loudest voice in the room to make a difference,” she said. “That is just not true. Often, the best thing we can do is turn down the volume. When the sound is quieter, you can actually hear what someone else is saying. And that can make a world of difference.” Like Obama, Haley did not mention Trump by name during her address but she criticized him in an interview on NBC’s “Today show” on Wednesday while calling on the Republican Party to be more inclusive. “Mr. Trump has definitely contributed to what I think is just irresponsible talk,” she said. Trump responded shortly afterward by telling Fox News that Haley has been “very weak on illegal immigration” for a long time. Paul Sracic, chairman of the politics department at Youngstown State University in Ohio, said Trump was dominating “our political discourse in a way that no one would have predicted even a year ago.” “Donald Trump must be smiling tonight,” he said, pointing out that the candidate managed to make himself the target of not just the State of the Union address, but also the Republican response. The White House gave Haley credit for defending “American values” in her speech. “She was willing to do something that a lot of other Republicans - leading Republicans - have been unwilling to do,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters on Wednesday.  But he stressed that the administration disagrees with many of Haley’s positions. Obama flew on Wednesday to Nebraska, a Republican “red state,” to promote the big-picture ideas he laid out in his speech.  On Tuesday night, Obama also appeared to single out conservative Texas Senator Ted Cruz, the top challenger to Trump in the Republican race. Cruz has called for a massive bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria to wipe out Islamic State forces. Meeting the threat of Islamic State, Obama said, “needs to be more than tough talk or calls to carpet-bomb civilians.” Democratic strategist Brad Bannon said Obama “made the argument very well that leadership is not bombing the crap out of someone.”  Cruz quickly countered in a statement. Obama, he said, “lectures us on civility yet he has been one of the most divisive presidents in American history.” Both Trump and Cruz, who are topping opinion polls weeks before the early nomination contests in Iowa and New Hampshire, have pledged to push the Republican Party in a more confrontational direction, and seek to undo much of what Obama has accomplished as president. Both candidates are likely in coming days to hammer the Obama administration on its approach to Islamic State.     Obama’s defense of pragmatic politics may also help his former secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, who is trying to stave off a challenge from self-described democratic socialist Bernie Sanders in the Democratic presidential contest, said Bannon.  “He’s taking about holding up the establishment,” he said. “When the president makes a good case, it helps Hillary more than Bernie.” But John Geer, an expert on voter opinion at Vanderbilt University, thought Obama, in his bid for unity, damaged Clinton’s prospects by not making a stronger case for  continuing the Democratic agenda. “He didn’t put forward an argument why there should be another Democrat for four years,” Geer said. “I think she would have liked to see that.”     ",1
11250,House of Representatives to try again to seek Iran deal clampdown,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives plans to reconsider legislation to restrict President Barack Obama’s ability to lift sanctions on Iran under an international nuclear deal after its passage was canceled on Wednesday when too few members voted. Obama, a Democrat, has promised to veto the measure, saying it would kill the landmark agreement. No Republicans in Congress supported the accord after it was announced in July.  The House’s Republican leaders decided to vote again later this month in the hope of attracting more support. The measure passed by 191 to 106, almost entirely along party lines, with almost every ‘yes’ vote coming from Republicans and Democrats overwhelmingly opposed to it. Nearly a third of the House, 137 members, did not vote, and House officials said the chamber would consider it again during the week of Jan. 25. New House speaker Paul Ryan has been trying to keep votes closer to their allotted times rather than hold them open for members who take too long to come to the chamber. The Iran vote was cut off promptly at 15 minutes.  The vote came hours after Iran released 10 U.S. sailors it had held overnight, bringing a swift end to an incident that had rattled nerves days before the expected implementation of the nuclear accord between Tehran and world powers. Supporters said the seizure of the sailors was one reason to support the bill. Many U.S. lawmakers have clamored for tougher action against Iran after it tested ballistic missiles late last year and for its refusal to release American prisoners. “Iran has been on a bit of a tear,” said Representative Ed Royce, the Republican chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, as he sought support for the bill. “If Iran behaves this way now, in a few days when it gets its hands on this bankroll ... what other actions are we going to see from the Iranian Revolutionary Guards?” Royce asked. Iran will receive millions of dollars held up under the sanctions regime after the nuclear pact is implemented. Democrats, including some who opposed the nuclear agreement, likened the bill to the Republican-led House’s more than 60 votes to repeal Obama’s healthcare law. “We should go back to the drawing board rather than ramming through a partisan measure that will never become law,” said Representative Eliot Engel, the top Democrat on the Foreign Affairs panel, who opposed the nuclear pact. The White House said on Monday Obama would veto the “Iran Terror Finance Transparency Act,” saying it would prevent the United States from implementing the Iran deal by tying Obama’s ability to lift sanctions to non-nuclear issues. ",1
11251,"Obama knocks Trump, voices optimism ","WASHINGTON - President Barack Obama took aim on Tuesday at Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump and accused critics of playing into the hands of Islamic State in a speech meant to cement his legacy and set a positive tone for his final year in office. Obama, delivering his last annual State of the Union speech to Congress as president, called for leaders to “fix” U.S. politics and criticized candidates such as Trump for using anti-Muslim rhetoric that betrayed American values. “When politicians insult Muslims ... that doesn’t make us safer,” he said, drawing applause from the crowd in the House of Representatives chamber. “It’s just wrong. It diminishes us in the eyes of the world. It makes it harder to achieve our goals.” Trump, whom Obama did not mention by name in his speech, is leading the Republican field ahead of the Nov. 8 election to pick the next president. The billionaire businessman, citing national security concerns, has called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States and a wall on the U.S. border with Mexico to stop the flow of illegal immigrants, ideas the White House strongly opposes. Obama sought to contrast his more optimistic view of America’s future with those of the Republican candidates trying to replace him.  He said it was “fiction” to describe the country as being in economic decline. While acknowledging that al Qaeda and Islamic State posed a direct threat to Americans, he said comparing the effort to defeat the militants who control swaths of Iraq and Syria to World War Three gave the group just what it wanted. “Masses of fighters on the back of pickup trucks, twisted souls plotting in apartments or garages: they pose an enormous danger to civilians; they have to be stopped. But they do not threaten our national existence,” Obama said. Republicans say the president’s strategy to defeat Islamic State is flawed and insufficient. “His policies aren’t working. He didn’t have an answer for how to defeat ISIS,” Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said in a statement after the speech, using an acronym for Islamic State.  Obama’s address to lawmakers, Cabinet members and Supreme Court justices was one of his last remaining chances to capture the attention of millions of Americans before the November election. The next president will take office in January 2017. Trump, in a posting on Twitter, called the speech “boring” and lacking in substance. “New leadership fast!” But South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, who delivered the Republican response to Obama’s address, took her own jab at Trump and other less moderate candidates in her party. “During anxious times, it can be tempting to follow the siren call of the angriest voices. We must resist that temptation,” said Haley, the daughter of Indian immigrants.     “No one who is willing to work hard, abide by our laws, and love our traditions should ever feel unwelcome in this country,” she said. Obama’s address came as 10 sailors aboard two U.S. Navy boats were taken into Iranian custody. Iran told the United States the crew members would be “promptly” returned, U.S. officials said. The event gave Republicans further fodder to criticize Obama’s nuclear deal with Tehran. Obama did not address the issue in his speech. The White House expects the situation to be resolved quickly. Obama, who is constitutionally barred from a third term, stuck to themes he hopes will define his legacy, including last year’s nuclear pact with Tehran. He noted areas where compromise was possible with Republicans in Congress including criminal justice reform, trade and poverty reduction. He called for lawmakers to ratify a Pacific trade pact, advance tighter gun laws and lift an embargo on Cuba. The president also said he regretted not having been able to elevate U.S. political discourse during his time in office. “It’s one of the few regrets of my presidency - that the rancor and suspicion between the parties has gotten worse instead of better,” he said. To help “fix” U.S. politics, Obama pressed for an end to “gerrymandering,” the practice of drawing voting districts in ways that gives advantage to a particular party; reducing the influence of “dark money” or political spending in which funding sources do not have to be disclosed; and making voting easier. Obama also said he had tasked Vice President Joe Biden, whose son died last year of cancer, to lead an effort to find a cure for the disease. The president noted some outstanding promises from his own 2008 campaign. He pledged to continue to work to close the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and called on Congress to lift the embargo on the Communist-ruled island nation. Obama, whose 2008 victory was driven partially by his opposition to the Iraq war, said the United States could not serve as policeman of the world. “We also can’t try to take over and rebuild every country that falls into crisis, even if it’s done with the best of intentions,” he said. “It’s the lesson of Vietnam; it’s the lesson of Iraq; and we should have learned it by now.” Obama is eager for a Democrat to win the White House to preserve his legacy, but anger over his policies and fears about security threats have helped push non-traditional candidates to the fore in the Republican and, to a lesser extent, the Democratic races to succeed him.  Trump and Senator Ted Cruz of Texas are at the top of the Republican field, while self-described “socialist” Bernie Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, is giving former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tough competition in early voting states for the Democratic primary contest.  ",1
11252,Obama's State of the Union gets most young love in the West,"(Reuters) - Millennnials in the West of the United States showed the strongest support for President Barack Obama’s final State of the Union address, according to data provided by Yik Yak, a location-based mobile app that is popular with young people. An analysis of Yik Yak posts that specifically discussed Tuesday’s speech, showed that 47 percent of millennials — defined as those aged between 23-35 — approved of Obama’s address, while 23 percent disapproved and 30 percent were neutral.  In the West, however, those numbers jumped, with 68 percent showing their love for his address. The highest level of disapproval was in the Midwest, with 28 percent. That same region showed 40 percent of millennials approving of the speech. Many young posters were already expressing nostalgia for the president, who will leave office next January after November’s  presidential election. A recurring theme among those posting was the wish for another term for the Democrat, and recognition that Obama had been president for as long as they could remember. “I’m going to miss Obama when he’s no longer president. I know a lot of you disagree with him, but we grew up with him and it’ll be weird when he’s gone”‘ wrote an anonymous Yik Yak user from the University of Virginia. Yik Yak said five percent of all its posts during the address were about the speech. Elsewhere on social media, the conversation focused largely on key campaign issues for the presidential election. The top-tweeted moment under the #SOTU hashtag was Obama saying, “I stand here as confident as I have ever been that the State of our Union is strong,” according to Twitter data.  Among the issues most tweeted about during the address were foreign affairs, energy and the environment and the economy, in that order.  On Facebook, the top issues discussed during the State of the Union address were Iran, Islam, Muslims and ISIS, according to a spokesperson for the social media site, using a common acronym for the Islamic State militant group. According to Facebook, users in Maryland, Virginia, Georgia, New York and North Carolina were the most engaged on the social media site during the speech.  Facebook saw a spike in engagement, said the spokesperson, when Obama criticized anti-Muslim sentiment. In what appeared to be a slap at Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump, Obama said insulting Muslims hurt the United States and “betrayed” its identity. Twitter data showed that Trump, and the two main rivals in the fight for the Democratic nomination, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, were the three most tweeted about presidential candidates during the State of the Union. Sanders was the only one present in the chamber,  Those three candidates also gained the most Twitter followers during the speech. ",1
11253,Puerto Rico's 2014 fiscal report close to release: official,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Puerto Rico’s long-awaited audited 2014 fiscal statements are close to release and should be ready by the end of January or the beginning of February, an official said on Wednesday.  The U.S. territory is far behind on filing its audited statements and in September was criticized by powerful Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, a Republican, for not having up-to-date audited figures. “It is in the final stage,” Office of Management & Budget Director Luis Cruz Batista told reporters regarding the 2014 fiscal statements. “Auditors need to undertake a process where they need to be satisfied with the necessary information to provide an opinion. They should be ready by the end of this month, first week of February.”  ",1
11254,"Obama, Jordan's King Abdullah hold meeting at military base","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama and Jordan’s King Abdullah are holding a meeting at Andrews Air Force Base, a White House official said on Tuesday. Obama and the U.S. ally were both at the military base before separate trips. The president is slated to depart shortly for Nebraska, where he is holding events to follow up on his State of the Union address.	 ",1
11255,President Obama's final State of the Union address,"(Reuters) - President Barack Obama knocked Republican presidential candidates for anti-Muslim rhetoric and accused critics on Tuesday of playing into the hands of Islamic State in a speech aimed at setting an optimistic tone for his last year in office. Obama, delivering his last State of the Union speech to Congress before leaving office next year, said it was fiction to declare the United States was in economic decline or getting weaker on the international stage. In a direct slap at Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump, Obama said insulting Muslims hurt the United States and “betrayed” its identity. “When politicians insult Muslims ... that doesn’t make us safer,” he said, drawing applause from the crowd in the House of Representatives chamber. “It’s just wrong. It diminishes us in the eyes of the world. It makes it harder to achieve our goals.” 10:52:30 PMIn the Republican response to President Barack Obama’s State of the Union address, South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley took a softer tone on immigration than the harsh rhetoric often heard from her party’s presidential candidates. “Immigrants have been coming to our shores for generations to live the dream that is America,” Haley said in a speech delivered from Columbia, the state capital. Following Obama’s lead, she appeared to use the speech as an occasion to respond to Donald Trump, the front runner for the Republican nomination who has called for a ban on allowing Muslims to enter the United States.  “Some people think that you have to be the loudest voice in the room to make a difference,” she said. “That is just not true. Often, the best thing we can do is turn down the volume. When the sound is quieter, you can actually hear what someone else is saying. And that can make a world of difference.” Haley’s speech was praised by both sides of politics. Former Obama strategist David Axelrod tweeted: “Really effective speech by @nikkihaley. Avoided the Response to SOTU curse.”  Republican pollster Frank Luntz said Haley, who is being touted as a possible Republican running mate, tested well with voters. “This is the highest we’ve ever tested a #SOTU response.” 10:25:44 PMPresident Obama wrapped up his final State of the Union address with a forceful statement of confidence in the future of the United States. “I believe in change because I believe in you,” Obama said in his closing remarks, generating a standing ovation. “That’s why I stand here as confident as I have ever been that the State of our Union is strong.”  Obama received about a dozen standing ovations during his address, but just a handful were fully bipartisan. In addition to the standing ovation that greeted the entry of First Lady Michelle Obama, the other bipartisan applause moments came after his comments on cutting red tape and outdated regulations, when he announced Vice President Joe Biden would lead a cancer “moonshot” initiative and when he lauded the U.S. military as the finest fighting force in the world. Several more moments won big applause from the Democratic side of the chamber. Those included Obama’s remarks on: * Making college affordable * Food stamps not causing the financial crisis * Biden securing new resources for National Institutes of Health * His administration’s clean energy achievements * The Islamic State not being representative of one of the world’s largest religions * His request for new authorization to use military force * Terrorists finding that Americans have long memories and the U.S. reach has no limits * His assertion that “we are on track to end the scourge of HIV/AIDS 9:52:13 PMTwitter traffic on the hashtag #SOTU has exploded since President Obama started delivering his final State of the Union address, with more than 761,000 tweets using the tag, up by roughly 500,000 since Obama’s speech began. Jeers at House Speaker Paul Ryan’s lack of participation counted heavily among the tweets. According to social media analytics firm Zoomph, #PaulRyan was among the top hashtags during the speech. Ryan appeared only to have applauded Obama when the president mentioned U.S. military personnel. Author and New York Times columnist Anand Giridharadas (@AnandWrites) tweeted: “After curing cancer, we should cure the problem that prevents Paul Ryan’s hands from joining even for things he agrees with. #SOTU.”  While President Barack Obama was widely expected to focus on gun control in his final State of the Union address, the word “gun” appeared just once in the prepared text of his speech when he quickly summarized several proposals he’s already made.  Obama symbolically had a chair left empty in the box where First Lady Michelle Obama was sitting in honor of those who have died from gun violence. The hashtag #EmptySeat was trending heavily on Twitter in response to the gesture. The single reference to “gun” compared with four mentions of “climate change” and 15 to the “economy.” Obama apparently has delivered on his promise to keep this year’s speech shorter: The text of his speech unofficially comes in at 5,438 words versus 6,776 in his 2015 speech. The White House released a post (bit.ly/1Q3P2oz) by Vice President Joe Biden explaining his new task, heading an initiative to find a cure for cancer.  President Barack Obama was expected to detail Biden’s role during the State of the Union speech Tuesday night. “I know that we can help solidify a genuine global commitment to end cancer as we know it today — and inspire a new generation of scientists to pursue new discoveries and the bounds of human endeavor,” Biden wrote.  President Barack Obama has entered the U.S. House of Representatives to deliver his final State of the Union speech as U.S. commander in chief. Obama has taken the podium and has begun. He promises to keep this speech, his eighth, “a little shorter,” joking that many in the audience need to get to Iowa, site of the first U.S. party caucuses ahead of November’s presidential election. According to an advance text of his speech, he will rebuff talk from critics that America is in economic decline as “political hot air.” President Barack Obama will call on Congress to end the practice of drawing congressional districts so that politicians can pick their voters. Too many Americans feel “the system is rigged in favor of the rich or the powerful or some narrow interest,” Obama said, according to a copy of the speech released by the White House. First Lady Michelle Obama has arrived in the House chamber for her husband's final State of the Union address, wearing a mustard-colored dress. Members of Obama's cabinet have also arrived, as have the justices of the U.S. Supreme Court. 8:56:55 PMThe White House has posted the text of President Obama's speech (bit.ly/1nh7MFI) and he will describe ISIS militants as ""killers and fanatics who have to be rooted out, hunted down and destroyed.""  Separately, however, he said claims that the ISIS fight is World War III are “over the top.” Still, he urged Congress to pass authorizations to use military force against ISIS.  Obama is also expected to say that Vice President Joe Biden, whose son Beau died from a brain tumor,  will lead a new effort to make America the country that cures cancer once and for all. U.S. Vice President Joe Biden has entered the House of Representatives chamber ahead of President Obama’s State of the Union address, shaking hands with several of members as he arrived.  House Speaker Paul Ryan, attending his first State of the Union in his new capacity, greeted the vice president as he walked up the steps. “How’s it going Joe?” Ryan said. The two men aren’t strangers. They debated during the 2012 campaign as the respective vice presidential nominees for their parties. Also spotted on the House floor: Former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords and Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders. Obama, meanwhile, is enroute to Capitol Hill from the White House. The White House posted video on Snapchat of him climbing into his car, nicknamed The Beast.  8:36:29 PMWith about 30 minutes to go until the State of the Union, social media traffic was heavy, with the hashtag #SOTU tweeted more than 171,000 times. Other top hashtags on Twitter, according to social media analytics firm Zoomph, include #kimdavis, referring to the woman who was jailed last year over the same-sex marriage license controversy but then invited to the speech. Also in the mix were #tcot, referring to “Top Conservatives on Twitter” and #P2, a hashtag for progressives. Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson took to Twitter to criticize Obama for speaking while American military members were being held in Iran. “When President Obama takes the stage tonight, there will still be 10 United States military members being held captive by Iran,” Carson tweeted.  8:26:15 PMPresident Barack Obama has no plans to speak about the Iranian seizure of U.S. Navy sailors in his final State of the Union address, CNN reported Tuesday.  “There are no plans to address this issue,” White House communications director Jen Psaki said in a CNN interview. “He’s tracking this closely, he’s following this closely but the State of the Union will not be about this issue.” The president will, however, “absolutely” tout the nuclear deal he reached with Iran and other world powers last year, she said.  In the latest development on the seizure, a U.S. defense official said plans were in place for Iran to return the 10 sailors to a U.S. Navy vessel in international waters early on Wednesday. 8:05:43 PMPresident Barack Obama on Tuesday urged U.S. leaders to “fix our politics” and lift Americans’ standard of living in a final State of the Union speech designed to contrast his vision for the country with Republican presidential campaign rhetoric. Obama, who is delivering his last annual speech to Congress before leaving office next January, said political discourse was meant to be messy, but - in an apparent nod to proposals by Republican candidates such as Donald Trump - required “bonds of trust” between citizens.Obama’s speech, scheduled for 9 p.m. EST (0200 GMT on Wednesday), is one of his few remaining chances to capture the attention of millions of Americans before the Nov. 8 election of a new president who will take office next January. In the latest teaser leading up his State of the Union address on Tuesday night, President Barack Obama touted his record on the economy and health care. “More than 14 million jobs, nearly 18 million people now with health coverage — together, we’ve pulled ourselves out of yesterday’s crisis to put us on a stronger course for tomorrow,” Obama said in the message posted at www.whitehouse.gov. Still, Obama said his speech will stay focused on the future. “Tonight I’ll lay out a vision for an economy that’s even stronger, a country that’s safer, and a union that’s more perfect. “Because with one year left in my presidency, I’m still fired up and ready to go.” In the White House’s latest Snapchat clip ahead of the State of the State speech, Edith S. Childs, the retired nurse who coined President Obama’s notable “Fired up” campaign chant in 2008, is shown singing the refrain. Wearing a cream-colored suit and pumping her fist, Childs is featured on The White House Official Snapchat Story singing: “Fired up! Ready to go!” again and again.  Childs will be a special guest of First Lady Michelle Obama.  06:43:51 PM President Barack Obama is set to tell Americans on Tuesday that while the country faces extraordinary change, the nation can overcome the challenges it faces if Americans come together, the White House said. “It will only happen if we fix our politics,” Obama will say, according to excerpts of his State of the Union address provided by the White House. “The future we want - opportunity and security for our families; a rising standard of living and a sustainable, peaceful planet for our kids - all that is within our reach,” will say. 6:16:53 PMPresident Barack Obama made a brief appearance on Facebook on Tuesday as he finalized the text of his last State of the Union address. The president, sitting at his desk, said he was making last minute changes and added touches to his speech. “There’s a lot of work that still needs to be done,” Obama said, adding that he wanted to make sure that the American people understood his proposals. “We’ve got some big choices ahead,” he said.  6:06:01 PM Hardly a quiet few hours for the White House in the run up to President Obama’s swan song State of the Union address later on Tuesday. As the president goes through his final preparations for the speech: Iran has taken 10 sailors aboard two U.S. Navy boats into custody, although Iran has told the United States that the crew members will be “promptly” returned, U.S. officials said. And at least 145 congressional Democrats, including Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, are condemning the Obama administration’s immigrant deportation efforts. Ahead of his final State of the State speech, the White House tweeted that President Barack Obama would share a few thoughts live on Facebook before the event. Obama’s speech before a joint session of Congress is scheduled for 9 p.m. ET.  Meanwhile, indie rock band EL VY was gearing up for the pre-speech performance at 7:45 p.m. ET. The White House posted clips of the band’s warm up on Snapchat. U.S. President Barack Obama will talk about the prospects for self-driving cars in his final State of the Union address on Tuesday, according to government officials, the first time the president has used the annual speech to tackle an important issue facing the auto and technology industries. Millions of Americans were discussing President Obama’s upcoming State of the Union address on Tuesday on top social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter, debating anticipated speech topics such as gun control, terrorism and healthcare. U.S. President Barack Obama voiced regret for failing to unite Washington since taking office on a wave of hope in 2009, as he prepared to give a State of the Union speech on Tuesday to launch his final year in the White House. Asked about his inability to heal America’s political divisions, Obama told NBC’s “Today” show, “It’s a regret.” The president planned to speak optimistically about America’s future in his speech in Congress, one of his few remaining chances to capture and hold the attention of millions of Americans before the Nov. 8 election of a new president who will take office next January. The Democratic president will give his final State of the Union address as campaign rhetoric for November’s presidential election intensifies with candidates fighting over illegal immigrants, wage inequality and violence. 9:00:22 AMPresident Barack Obama said he could envision Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump giving a State of the Union address - but in a comedy skit. In a “Today” show interview ahead of his final State of the Union address, the Democratic president was asked if he could envision Trump, the billionaire developer known for his bombastic style, making his own State of the Union speech as president. “Well, I can imagine it - in a ‘Saturday Night’ skit,” Obama said, referring to the NBC’s long-running late-night comedy show “Saturday Night Live.” “Look, anything’s possible. And I think, you know, we shouldn’t be complacent.”  ",1
11256,Obama launches mission to cure cancer 'once and for all',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday pledged to undertake a historic push to develop a cure for cancer, tapping Vice President Joe Biden to lead the effort. Obama, in the last State of the Union address of his presidency, said America must use its spirit of innovation to help tackle the challenge of cancer. “For the loved ones we’ve all lost, for the family we can still save, let’s make America the country that cures cancer once and for all,” Obama said. As Biden smiled from his seat behind the president, Obama said he would put the vice president in charge of “mission control” for the effort. Biden, who lost his 46-year old son to brain cancer last year, received a standing ovation from lawmakers when Obama made the announcement. Following his son’s death, Biden said he would not run for president in 2016, but he promised he would focus his remaining time in office on working on a “moon shot” to end cancer.  In a blog post released during the State of the Union address, Biden said the White House would focus on increasing public and private resources to fight the disease and to improve information sharing among researchers and medical professionals.  “It’s personal for me,” Biden said, regarding the push.  He will travel on Friday to the University of Pennsylvania’s Perelman School of Medicine to speak with physicians and next week he will meet with experts at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland to discuss the initiative. The cancer initiative will build upon the $2 billion increase in funding approved for the National Institutes of Health last year, White House chief economist Jason Furman told reporters ahead of Obama speech. Earlier this month, private companies and academic cancer centers joined together to launch their own mission to fight cancer. The Cancer Moonshot 2020 program is aimed at developing a vaccine-based immunotherapy to combat cancer by the end of the decade.  Companies involved include Celgene Corp (CELG.O), Amgen (AMGN.O) Inc and NantKwest Inc (NK.O). In his speech, Obama also stressed that the United States should continue to help fight against disease in African countries and around the world. “Right now, we are on track to end the scourge of HIV/AIDS, and we have the capacity to accomplish the same thing with malaria,” Obama said, noting that he would push Congress to fund this effort in 2016.   ",1
11257,Obama says must change the way nation manages fossil fuel resources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday said he would seek changes in the way U.S. oil and coal resources are managed, prompting a flood of reaction from environmental groups pushing him to do more to limit fossil fuel production - and producers anxious about regulatory changes. “I’m going to push to change the way we manage our oil and coal resources, so that they better reflect the costs they impose on taxpayers and our planet,” Obama said in his State of the Union address. As he enters his final year in office, Obama is looking to secure his legacy on priorities like curbing climate change. The White House did not provide details on Tuesday. “That’s an issue I would say, stay tuned for the months ahead,” White House Communications Director Jen Psaki told reporters during a briefing ahead of the speech. “This is not a speech where I would expect a 25-page fact-sheet. This is more talking about his vision and the issues we need to address,” Psaki said. The Western Energy Alliance, a group that represents oil and natural gas companies that drill on public lands in the western states, said it suspected the lack of immediate details meant that Obama would look for ways to act without Congress. “He’ll close out his term by continuing to issue new rules through the federal agencies that kill jobs and economic growth in order to promote his climate change agenda,” said Tim Wigley, the group’s president, in a statement. Environmental groups noted Obama’s pledge comes as his administration works on a new five-year plan for offshore oil and gas leases. They are also calling for changes to rules for production of oil and gas on federal lands. “For far too long, the Interior Department has given away our publicly owned fossil fuels to mining and drilling companies without regard for the damage they cause to communities and our climate,” said Annie Leonard, executive director of Greenpeace USA, in a statement. ",1
11258,Majority of Americans support next president pushing tighter gun laws: poll,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Half of all Americans support President Barack Obama’s executive actions on gun control, a Reuters/Ipsos poll found on Tuesday, with a majority saying they would support the next president taking additional steps to tighten federal gun laws. Obama, frustrated with inaction from lawmakers, ordered stricter gun rules last week that he can impose without Congress’ help, angering Republicans who say he is overstepping the boundaries of his office. Fifty percent of those surveyed said they supported Obama’s executive actions. More than 80 percent of those from his own party said they were in favor of his steps, while 72 percent of Republicans opposed them and said his successor should try to dismantle them. Guns have become a potent, polarizing issue in U.S. politics. The Second Amendment of the U.S. Constitution guarantees the right to bear arms, a right that is fiercely defended. Congress has not approved major gun-control legislation since the 1990s. Respondents from both parties support more research into the causes of gun violence, the poll showed. Nearly 80 percent of Democrats and 66 percent of Republicans said they would support the next president, who takes office next January after the Nov. 8 election, pushing for more research. Republicans are split on efforts to tighten gun control more broadly. Forty-four percent of those polled said the next president should work to tighten federal gun control laws, while 49 percent were opposed. Sixty-three percent of Americans overall said they would like to see the next president push for stricter gun laws. The survey of 1,559 Americans was conducted from Jan. 8 to 12, with a credibility interval of 3.2 percentage points. ",1
11259,Obama administration to announce efforts to boost self-driving cars,"DETROIT (Reuters) - The Obama administration will announce efforts to boost self-driving cars on Thursday, according to government officials. Mark Rosekind, head of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, told reporters that Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx will be in Detroit to talk about administration efforts to speed the introduction of self-driving vehicles.  There is not yet a clear legal framework governing the presence of driverless cars on U.S. roads.  Automakers and technology companies such as Alphabet Inc’s Google have called on regulators to clarify guidelines for introduction of autonomous driving technology, in part out of concern that a mishap involving a self-driving car could result in costly litigation. A Google spokesman said the company will take part in Thursday’s announcement by Foxx. Detroit automakers are also likely to participate.  In December, Rosekind said he opposed a “patchwork” of state regulations on driverless cars and promised a “nimble, flexible” approach to writing new rules for self-driving vehicles. Officials had said President Barack Obama might discuss advanced transportation efforts in his final State of the Union Address on Tuesday, but he did not. ",1
11260,"South Carolina's Haley urges tolerance, civility in Republican reply to Obama","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, in the Republican response to President Barack Obama’s State of the Union address on Tuesday, seized the spotlight to set herself apart from her party’s field of presidential candidates, calling for tolerance on immigration and civility in politics. In what some saw as a rebuke of Republican front-runner Donald Trump, Haley said: “During anxious times, it can be tempting to follow the siren call of the angriest voices. “We must resist that temptation. No one who is willing to work hard, abide by our laws, and love our traditions should ever feel unwelcome in this country.” The 43-year-old daughter of Indian immigrants is being mentioned as a possible Republican vice presidential candidate. “Immigrants have been coming to our shores for generations to live the dream that is America,” she said. Haley spoke from Columbia, South Carolina, where she gained national attention last year by leading an effort to remove the Confederate battle flag from the state Capitol grounds after the killing of nine black churchgoers in Charleston. Her remarks on Tuesday sparked a backlash from some conservatives. Ann Coulter, a conservative columnist and frequent television talk show guest, tweeted, “Trump should deport Nikki Haley.”     Immigration has been a dominant theme in the Republican presidential campaign for the Nov. 8 election to replace Obama. Trump has aroused controversy with his fiery comments, saying that if elected, he would build a wall on the border with Mexico to keep out illegal immigrants and force Mexico to pay for it. The billionaire businessman has said he will deport the country’s 11 million illegal immigrants. He began his campaign in June by saying Mexico was sending criminals and rapists to the United States. Haley, whose televised remarks came minutes after Obama delivered his final State of the Union speech to Congress, issued many standard Republican attacks against the president, criticizing his fiscal policy and landmark healthcare law, known as Obamacare.  She promised that if a Republican wins the November election, working families’ taxes will be cut and “runaway” spending will be constrained. The State of the Union response by the incumbent president’s political opponents is a tradition dating back to 1966. It is a tough assignment, lacking the theater of the State of the Union itself, which takes place in the historic House of Representatives chamber, filled with lawmakers, diplomats, Supreme Court justices and sometimes celebrity guests. A hodge-podge of politicians have been assigned to the duty, ranging from then-Democratic Governor Bill Clinton in 1985, who went on to serve two terms as president, to ex-Republican Governor Bob McDonnell of Virginia in 2010, who is now appealing a 2014 conviction on corruption charges. Unlike Coulter, others lauded Haley. Democratic strategist Donna Brazile tweeted praise for the governor’s recounting of  the response to the Charleston church shooting. Michael Needham, head of the conservative Heritage Action group, said Haley offered “a winsome message” and “painted an authentically optimistic vision for America’s future.” On foreign policy, Haley said the United States faced “the most dangerous terrorist threat our nation has seen since September 11th, and this president appears either unwilling or unable to deal with it.” Lethal attacks by militants last year, including in Paris and San Bernardino, California, have made national security a major campaign issue. Trump reacted to the California shootings by saying Muslims should be temporarily banned from entering the United States.    Another Republican contender, Texas Senator Ted Cruz, has said Christians, but not Muslims, should qualify for refugee status. Haley made no gaffes in her speech of less than 10 minutes, which was delivered in a relaxed, sometimes monotone voice. David Woodard, a political science professor at Clemson University in South Carolina, noted Haley touched on religious and social issues that will “help some with the GOP base.” But he said the speech was too light on foreign policy concerns, including the Middle East, that voters worry about, and lacked “edge.” In some of her most eloquent remarks, Haley recalled the Charleston shootings. “Our state was struck with shock, pain and fear. But our people would not allow hate to win. We didn’t have violence, we had vigils. We didn’t have riots, we had hugs.” In a criticism of acrimony in U.S. politics, Haley advised: “Some people think that you have to be the loudest voice in the room to make a difference. That is just not true ... when the sound is quieter, you can actually hear what someone else is saying. And that can make a world of difference.” ",1
11261,North Korea faked missile test footage: U.S. experts,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Footage released last week by North Korea purporting to show the firing of a submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) appears to be fake, according to studies by U.S. experts. In defiance of a U.N. ban, North Korea has said it has ballistic missile technology which would allow it to launch a nuclear warhead from a submarine, though analysis of North Korean state media images casts doubt on the claim. North Korea released the submarine launch footage after it separately conducted a fourth nuclear weapons test last Wednesday. North Korean state television aired footage on Friday of the submarine test said to have taken place in December. Unlike a previous SLBM test in May, it was not announced at the time. South Korea’s military said on Saturday North Korea appeared to have modified the video and edited it with Scud missile footage from 2014 although an official told Reuters the ejection technology might have improved since the May test.   An analysis by the California-based James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies (CNS) shows two frames of video from state media where flames engulf the missile and small parts of its body break away. “The rocket ejected, began to light, and then failed catastrophically,” Melissa Hanham, a senior research associate at the Middlebury Institute’s CNS, said in an email. “North Korea used heavy video editing to cover over this fact.” Hanham said North Korea state media used different camera angles and editing to make it appear the launch was several continuous launches, when in fact it was a single event. North Korean propagandists used rudimentary editing techniques to crop and flip old video footage of an earlier SLBM test and Scud missile launch, the CNS study showed. In an analysis on the 38 North monitoring website, John Schilling, an aerospace engineer who is a specialist in satellite and launch vehicle propulsion systems, said it appeared from the video that the launch was conducted from a submerged barge rather than a submarine. “The failed launch, combined with testing from a barge shows that North Korea still has a long way to go to develop this system,” he said. “An initial operational capability of a North Korean ballistic-missile submarine is not expected before 2020.” North Korea’s claim that its most recent nuclear test was of a more advanced and powerful hydrogen bomb drew skepticism from the U.S. government and experts. It remains unclear if North Korea has developed a nuclear device small enough to mount on a missile. ",1
11262,Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders supports bill to audit Fed,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. presidential candidate Democrat Bernie Sanders voted on Tuesday in favor of a bill that would require audits of Federal Reserve monetary policy decisions, his campaign said in a statement following the vote. Sanders said he supports the bill because too much of the U.S. central bank’s business is conducted in secret. “Requiring the Government Accountability Office to conduct a full and independent audit of the Fed each and every year, would be an important step towards making the Federal Reserve a more democratic institution that is responsive to the needs of ordinary Americans rather than the billionaires on Wall Street,” Sanders said in the statement. ",1
11263,South Korea president says China response to North Korea nuclear test key,"SEOUL (Reuters) - China should play a key and proper role in response to North Korea’s fourth nuclear test as a permanent member of the UN Security Council, South Korean President Park Geun-hye said on Wednesday. There is still a possibility of further North Korean provocations, including “cyber terrorism” following the isolated country’s fourth nuclear test on January 6, Park told an annual news conference. ",1
11264,South Korea president says acquiring nukes would 'break promise' with world,"SEOUL (Reuters) - If South Korea develops nuclear weapons in response to North Korea’s fourth nuclear test it would be breaking its “promise” with the world, South Korean President Park Geun-hye said on Wednesday. South Korea is in discussion with China regarding a draft U.N. Security Resolution in response to North Korea’s January 6 nuclear test, Park said in response to a question at an annual news conference. ",1
11265,Biden: Sanders has 'struck a chord with voters' in race with Clinton,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden praised Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders for tapping into Americans’ concerns about growing income inequality, potentially giving the Vermont senator a boost as he gains on rival Hillary Clinton weeks before the Iowa caucuses. Sanders has argued that he is a more authentic choice to be the party’s nominee as he tries to undermine Clinton’s double-digit lead in national polls by gaining ground in the important early nominating states of Iowa and New Hampshire. In an interview with CNN on Monday night, Biden said Sanders’ focus on the growing gap between the very rich and other Americans has struck a chord with voters. “Bernie is speaking to a yearning that is deep and real and he has credibility on it,” Biden said. “And that is the absolute enormous concentration of wealth in a small group of people with the new class now being able to be shown being left out.” He said Clinton, who is campaigning in Iowa on Tuesday, had not focused on income inequality as long. “It’s relatively new for Hillary to talk about that,” Biden said. “Hillary’s focus has been other things up to now and that’s been Bernie’s. No one questions Bernie’s authenticity on those issues.” On Tuesday, Biden said that was not a criticism of Clinton, a former U.S. secretary of state. He told NBC’s “Today” show that her focus had rightly been on foreign policy, while income inequality had long been Sanders’ “mantra.” “Even when income inequality wasn’t as serious as it is today, it was his drumbeat,” Biden said. “She’s coming up with some very good ideas but Bernie is pushing the envelope on this.” The Biden interviews came before President Barack Obama’s final State of the Union address on Tuesday night. While Clinton has a large national lead in the polls, she has struggled to make solid gains in Iowa and New Hampshire, which hold outsized influence on the election process.  On Tuesday, a Quinnipiac University poll showed Sanders climbed to 49 percent in Iowa, a 5 percentage point lead over Clinton going in to the Feb. 1 caucuses. He widened his lead in New Hampshire by 14 points, a Monmouth University poll said. The polls had an error margin of 4.4 and 4.8 points, respectively. Biden was courted by some Democrats to seek the presidential nomination but declined, citing family obligations after his son Beau Biden died of cancer last year. Within the party, concerns remain whether Clinton can overcome a lack of enthusiasm among voters.     Biden also told CNN that he and Obama want to influence the presidential nominees in November’s White House election, especially on gun control. Clinton has increasingly criticized Sanders for past votes that were viewed favorably by the National Rifle Association. Biden said Sanders is making improvements to his position.  “What Bernie Sanders has to do is say that the Second Amendment says - which he has, of late - the Second Amendment says you can limit who can own a gun, that people who are criminals shouldn’t have guns,” Biden said. “People who are schizophrenic and have mental illnesses shouldn’t own guns, and he has said that.” For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here) ",1
11266,Obama says too many Americans feel 'the system is rigged': speech,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama called on Tuesday for America to fix its political system to stop the practice of gerrymandering congressional districts, reduce the influence of money in politics, and make voting easier. “Democracy breaks down when the average person feels their voice doesn’t matter, that the system is rigged in favor of the rich or the powerful or some narrow interest,” Obama said, according to his prepared remarks. “Too many Americans feel that way right now. It’s one of the few regrets of my presidency  - that the rancor and suspicion between the parties has gotten worse instead of better,” he said. ",1
11267,Obama says willing to work with Republican Speaker on poverty,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Tuesday that he was willing to work with Republican Speaker Paul Ryan on reforms to address poverty, such as expanding the earned income tax cut (EITC). “I’d welcome a serious discussion about strategies we can all support, like expanding tax cuts for low-income workers without kids,” Obama said, according to prepared remarks for his State of the Union address. ",1
11268,Obama says Islamic State fight far from 'World War Three': speech,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama warned against overstating the fight against Islamic State militants in his State of the Union speech on Tuesday, but said his administration is focused on destroying the extremist group. “But as we focus on destroying ISIL, over-the-top claims that this is World War Three just play into their hands,” Obama said, according to his prepared remarks, using an acronym for the militant group. “We just need to call them what they are  - killers and fanatics who have to be rooted out, hunted down, and destroyed,” Obama said, urging Congress to pass a formal authorization to use military force (AUMF) for the fight against the group. ",1
11269,Chelsea Clinton stands her mother's ground in New Hampshire,"MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton cannot be in two places at once in the weeks before the first party-nominating contests in Iowa and New Hampshire, but she came close on Tuesday with daughter Chelsea Clinton’s campaign trail debut.  Hillary Clinton was in Iowa discussing how she would tax the wealthiest at a higher rate. Chelsea Clinton was in New Hampshire promoting her mother’s positions on health care and student debt.  It was a day when multiple polls showed that Clinton’s lead over her chief challenger, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, has eroded in Iowa and New Hampshire, which hold their nominating contests on Feb. 1 and Feb. 9. A Quinnipiac University poll showed that Sanders has climbed to 49 percent in Iowa, with a 5 percentage point lead over Clinton. A Monmouth University poll showed Sanders had widened his lead in New Hampshire by 14 points. The polls had an error margin of 4.4 and 4.8 points, respectively. Chelsea Clinton, 35, highlighted how her mother differs from Sanders, acting as a surrogate to woo younger voters with whom he is particularly popular. At a stop in Manchester, Sarah Odell, a teacher at a girls’ boarding school in Connecticut, asked why young people should support the former secretary of state. Chelsea Clinton said Sanders wants to dismantle the 2010 Affordable Care Act and pursue a single-payer system at a time when the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress is intent on undermining President Barack Obama’s signature healthcare law. “I worry that if we give Republicans Democratic permission to do that,” Clinton told Odell, “that will strip millions, millions and millions of people of their health insurance.” At a women’s event in Portsmouth, Clinton said that another important difference are plans to deal with educational debt. Sanders has said he wants to make higher education free; Clinton has focused on making it more affordable for the poor and middle class. “She has actually articulated how she is going to pay for all of this, which is a big distinction between her and her main opponent,” Clinton said. Clinton took questions on the resettlement of the West Bank, cost-of-living adjustments for fixed-income retirees, Wall Street reform and autism, sprinkling anecdotes about baby daughter Charlotte, whom Hillary Clinton often mentions. At times her diction was nearly identical to her mother’s. “It is important to stand your ground, but it is important to find common ground,” Clinton said, echoing a popular campaign-trail riff about bipartisanship.   For more on the 2016 U.S. presidential race and to learn about the undecided voters who determine elections, visit the Reuters website. (here).  ",1
11270,Obama jokes about a Trump State of the Union address,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said he could envision Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump giving a State of the Union address - but in a comedy skit. Obama and his vice president, Joe Biden, spoke to NBC’s “Today” show in interviews aired on Tuesday hours before Obama was to give the final State of the Union address of his presidency. The Democratic president was asked if he could envision Trump, the billionaire developer known for his bombastic style, making his own State of the Union speech as president. “Well, I can imagine it - in a ‘Saturday Night’ skit,” Obama said, referring to the NBC’s long-running late-night comedy show “Saturday Night Live.” “Look, anything’s possible. And I think, you know, we shouldn’t be complacent.” Biden was more wary, not ruling out a Trump victory in November’s U.S. presidential election. “Yes, I think it’s possible,” he said. If that were to happen, Biden said, he hoped Trump would get “a lot more serious about the issues.” “He is divisive – I think he’d have to acknowledge that he’s very divisive – and that’s not healthy,” Biden said. “We always do best when we act as one America. We always do poorly when we appeal to our fears and our differences.” In the interview, which was taped on Monday, Obama said he regretted that he has not realized his goal of unifying Americans, especially in Washington. Still, he said he did not think voters would be swayed by Trump’s divisive approach. “I’m pretty confident that the overwhelming majority of Americans are looking for the kind of politics that does feed our hopes and not our fears, that does work together and doesn’t try to divide is that isn’t looking for simplistic solutions and scapegoating,” Obama said. Trump frequently uses racially charged rhetoric. He has said he would deport all undocumented immigrants and in December called for an outright ban on Muslims entering the United States. For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog, “Tales from the Trail” (here) ",1
11271,Clinton expands on plan to tax wealthy as Sanders gains in polls,"AMES, Iowa (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Tuesday expanded her plan to tax the wealthiest Americans by saying she would close tax-avoidance “loopholes” that allow investments to be routed through low-tax countries and put in tax-deferred retirement accounts. “My plan is kind of simple: we go after the wealthy to pay for what the middle-class working people and poor people need,” Clinton said at a campaign stop in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday.  “I think that’s a smart way to help fund some of our priorities,” Clinton added. Clinton said she would end the “Bermuda reinsurance loophole” that allows hedge fund managers to route investments through an insurance company in a low-tax country such as Bermuda to avoid paying a higher tax rate.  Clinton also said she would close what she calls the “Romney loophole,” which allows wealthy individuals to shield large sums of money in individual retirement accounts from taxation. Her proposals come after a plan announced Monday to add a 4.0 percent income-tax surcharge on earners of more than $5 million per year.  Clinton has reiterated her support for the Buffett rule, named after billionaire investor and Clinton endorser Warren Buffett, which would institute a minimum tax rate of 30 percent on those earning more than $1 million per year.  Clinton, long the Democratic party’s front-runner for the nomination, is unveiling her plan to tax the wealthy amid slipping poll numbers in the key early-voting states of Iowa and New Hampshire as her chief rival, U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders from Vermont, has wooed supporters with his plan to address income inequality. On Tuesday, a Quinnipiac poll saw Sanders win a five-point lead over Clinton among likely Iowa caucus-goers.  In New Hampshire, Sanders outpaced the former secretary of state by 14 points, securing 53 percent of the party’s support, a Monmouth University survey said. The polls had an error margin of 4.4 and 4.8 points, respectively. Iowa voters will kick off the nation’s nominating race with caucuses held on Feb. 1, and New Hampshire voters will cast ballots in the first-in-the-nation primaries on Feb. 9. ",1
11272,"Reuters journalists in Myanmar appear in court, remanded for another 14 days","YANGON (Reuters) - Two Reuters journalists who have been detained in Myanmar for the past two weeks were remanded in custody for a further two weeks on Wednesday as a probe continues into allegations they breached the nation s Official Secrets Act. Judge Ohn Myint granted the 14-day extension in the case of the journalists, Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, at the request of the police, who then took them to Yangon s Insein prison. They were previously being held in a police compound. When they appeared at the Mingaladon court for the proceedings, Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo were allowed to meet their families and their lawyer for the first time since their arrest. The two journalists had worked on Reuters coverage of a crisis in the western state of Rakhine, where - according to United Nations  estimates - about 655,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled from a fierce military crackdown on militants. They were detained on Dec 12 after they had been invited to meet police officials over dinner. The Ministry of Information has said they  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media  and faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. The two journalists said they had not been mistreated in custody.    The situation is okay,  Wa Lone said after the hearing.  We will face it the best we can because we have never done anything wrong,  he said.  We have never violated the media law nor ethics. We will continue to do our best.  A Reuters spokesperson said they should be freed.  These two journalists are being held for simply doing their jobs and have done nothing wrong. It is time for Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo to be released,  the spokesperson said. About 100 journalists, lawyers and farmers held a protest in the town of Pyay, 290 km (180 miles) north of Yangon, to demand the release of Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, one of the participants said. Members of the Protection Committee for Myanmar Journalists sat draped in chains in a public square in the center of the town and wrote the names of the two arrested reporters on their palms, an often used symbol in Myanmar of solidarity with those in jail.  Government officials from some of the world s major nations, including the United States, Britain and Canada, as well as top U.N. officials, have previously called for their release. Dozens of reporters and cameramen were outside the courthouse in a northern district of Yangon for the appearance of the two journalists. They were brought in a white van, rather than a police truck, dressed in casual clothes and were not handcuffed.  Their lawyer, Than Zaw Aung, who has been retained by Reuters, also said the two had only been doing their job as journalists.  They are being accused under this charge while doing their work as media,  he told reporters. Lieutenant Colonel Myint Htwe, a senior staff officer from the Yangon Police Division, said:  We took action because they committed the crime. It needs to be solved in court.  Only their lawyer and the families of the two journalists,  along with police and government lawyers, were allowed into the courtroom. The families were later allowed to travel in the van as the two journalists were taken to prison.  I believe that he didn t commit any crime,  Pan Ei Mon, Wa Lone s wife, told Reuters.  I would like to request the government to consider releasing them.  Nyo Nyo Aye, a sister of Kyaw Soe Oo, said her brother told her he had not committed any offense.  I believe that he can come home soon,  she said. ",1
11273,Kuwait says GCC to keep operating despite Qatar crisis,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Kuwait s deputy foreign minister said on Wednesday that the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council would continue to operate despite a row among three of its members and Qatar that it has unsuccessfully sought to mediate. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain plus non-GCC member Egypt cut off diplomatic, travel and trade ties with Qatar in June, accusing it of supporting militants and their arch-foe Iran. Doha denies the charges and says their move is aimed at curtailing its sovereignty. Western nations have called for the countries, which are all close U.S. allies, to settle their differences in talks. The heads of state from the three boycotting countries skipped a GCC summit hosted by Kuwait s ruler in December, and the UAE called for the formation of a bilateral committee with Saudi Arabia on economic, political and military issues. But Kuwait appears determined to preserve the loose union set up in 1980 as a bulwark against larger neighbors Iraq and Iran, and said its reconciliation efforts would proceed. Despite the spat which appears to have no end in sight, the GCC s work  will not be frozen or disrupted,  Khaled Jarallah was quoted by state news agency KUNA as telling reporters on the sidelines of a conference in Kuwait.  After the summit in Kuwait, we are not worried about the future of the council,  Jarallah added.   Mediation efforts have not stopped, and a breakthrough will be achieved one day.  ",1
11274,Nigeria says U.S. agrees delayed $593 million fighter plane sale,"ABUJA (Reuters) - The United States has formally agreed to sell 12 Super Tucano A-29 planes and weapons to Nigeria, the West African country s air force said, confirming the resurrection of a deal frozen by the Obama administration over rights concerns. Former U.S. President Barack Obama delayed the sale in one of his last decisions in office after the Nigerian Air Force bombed a refugee camp in January. But his successor Donald Trump decided to press on with the transaction to support Nigeria s efforts to fight Boko Haram militants and to boost U.S. defense jobs, sources told Reuters in April. The U.S. ambassador to Nigeria presented letters of offer and acceptance to Nigeria s air force earlier on Wednesday, the air force said in a statement.  It said the U.S. State Department had approved the sale and final agreements would be signed and necessary payments made before Feb. 20. There was no immediate statement from the U.S. embassy or from authorities in Washington. U.S. government and Nigerian Air Force officials would meet in early January to discuss the early delivery of the aircraft once payment had been made, the Nigerian air force said. The sale of the 12 aircraft, with weapons and services, is worth $593 million, and includes thousands of bombs and rockets.  The propeller-driven plane with reconnaissance, surveillance and attack capabilities, is made by Brazil s Embraer. A second production line is in Florida, in a partnership between Embraer and privately held Sierra Nevada Corp of Sparks, Nevada. The Super Tucano costs more than $10 million each and the price can go much higher depending on the configuration. It is powered by a Pratt & Whitney Canada PT 6 engine. ",1
11275,Syrian rebels say discussing evacuation from territory near Israel,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian rebels in a pocket of land near where the Syrian, Lebanese and Israeli borders meet are negotiating a deal with the government to leave for other insurgent-held areas, rebel officials there said. The Syrian army, backed by Russian air power, Shi ite militias supported by Iran and local fighters from the Druze sect have besieged the rebel enclave around Beit Jin for weeks. In recent days it captured various positions, leaving the rebels trapped inside the town itself.  There is now negotiation on the departure of fighters and those who wish to leave with them,  said Abu Kanaan, an official in a local rebel group.  The militias are trying to convince them to evacuate to Idlib... There has been no agreement reached yet,  said Ibrahim al-Jebawi, an official with a Free Syrian Army faction familiar with the situation.  Syria s army and its allies have increasingly pushed for such evacuation deals for rebel enclaves near big cities or in other strategic locations after long periods of siege and bombardment.  The area around Beit Jin is sensitive because of its location next to the Israel-controlled Golan Heights.  Israel wants to keep Lebanon s Hezbollah, the most powerful of the Iran-backed militias aiding Syrian President Bashar al-Assad against the rebel groups, far away from its border with Syria.  It has repeatedly targeted military positions in Syria near the border after stray projectiles crossed into Israeli-controlled areas, and it has struck Hezbollah convoys and weapons caches inside Syria. ",1
11276,"Trump to host Norway's Solberg on Jan. 10, White House says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will host Norway s Prime Minister Erna Solberg in Washington next month to discuss various security and economic issues, the White House said on Wednesday. The two leaders will meet on Jan. 10 at the White House to talk about a range of topics including NATO and the fight against Islamic State as well as bilateral trade and investment, the White House said in a statement. ",1
11277,Russia says satellite launch failure due to programming error,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said on Wednesday the failed launch of a 2.6 billion-rouble ($44.95 million) satellite last month was due to an embarrassing programming error. Russian space agency Roscosmos said last month it had lost contact with the newly-launched weather satellite - the Meteor-M - after it blasted off from Russia s new Vostochny cosmodrome in the Far East. Eighteen smaller satellites belonging to scientific, research and commercial companies from Russia, Norway, Sweden, the United States, Japan, Canada and Germany, were on board the same rocket. Speaking to Rossiya 24 state TV channel, Rogozin said the failure had been caused by human error.  The rocket carrying the satellites had been programmed with the wrong coordinates, he said, saying it had been given bearings for take-off from a different cosmodrome - Baikonur - which Moscow leases from Kazakhstan.  The rocket was really programmed as if it was taking off from Baikonur,  said Rogozin.  They didn t get the coordinates right.  The Vostochny spaceport, laid out in the thick taiga forest of the Amur Region, is the first civilian rocket launch site in Russia. In April last year, after delays and massive costs overruns, Russia launched its first rocket from Vostochny, a day after a technical glitch forced an embarrassing postponement of the event in the presence of President Vladimir Putin. ",1
11278,Libya puts 142 migrants on plane back to Guinea,"MISRATA, Libya (Reuters) - Libya put 142 illegal migrants on a flight back to Guinea on Wednesday with the help of the U.N. migration agency, officials said, as the North African country steps up deportations to ease severe overcrowding in its detention centers. The number of people stuck in Libyan detention centers has risen dramatically this year after armed groups largely shut down the boat route to Italy from the smuggling hub of Sabratha. The International Organization for Migration flew the Guinean migrants from two western cities to the city of Misrata, from where they boarded a plane for Conakry. The deportations come in the wake of a CNN report on migrants being sold for slave labor that sparked an international outcry. Migrant flows through Libya have surged since 2014. More than 600,000 people have crossed the central Mediterranean to Italy in the past three years, but departures from Libya s coast dropped sharply in July when armed groups in Sabratha began preventing boats from leaving. After clashes in the western city in September, thousands of migrants held near the coast emerged and were transferred to detention centers under the nominal control of the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli. Amnesty International said this month that up to 20,000 people are being held in detention centers and are subject to  torture, forced labor, extortion, and unlawful killings . Other human rights organizations have said similar things in recent months. ",1
11279,"U.S. sanctions North Korean missile experts, Russia offers to mediate","WASHINGTON/MOSCOW (Reuters) - The United States announced sanctions on two of North Korea s most prominent officials behind its ballistic missile program on Tuesday, while Russia reiterated an offer to mediate to ease tension between Washington and Pyongyang. The new U.S. steps were the latest in a campaign aimed at forcing North Korea - which has defied years of multilateral and bilateral sanctions - to abandon a weapons program aimed at developing nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States.  Treasury is targeting leaders of North Korea s ballistic missile programs, as part of our maximum pressure campaign to isolate (North Korea) and achieve a fully denuclearized Korean Peninsula,  Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in a statement. The move followed new United Nations sanctions announced last Friday in response to North Korea s Nov. 29 test of an ICBM that Pyongyang said put all of the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. Those sanctions sought to further limit North Korea s access to refined petroleum products and crude oil and its earnings from workers abroad. North Korea declared the U.N. steps to be an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic blockade. The standoff between the United States and North Korea has raised fears of a new conflict on the Korean peninsula, which has remained in a technical state of war since the 1950-53 Korean War ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty. The United States has said that all options, including military ones, are on the table in dealing with North Korea. It says it prefers a diplomatic solution, but that North Korea has given no indication it is willing to discuss denuclearization. The U.S. Treasury named the targeted officials as Kim Jong Sik and Ri Pyong Chol. It said Kim was reportedly a major figure in North Korea s efforts to switch its missile program from liquid to solid fuel, while Ri was reported to be a key official in its intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) development.  The largely symbolic steps block any property or interests the two might have within U.S. jurisdiction and prohibit any dealings by U.S. citizens with them. With their ruling Workers Party, military and scientific credentials, the men are two of three top experts considered indispensable to North Korea s rapidly developing weapons programs.   Photographs and television footage show that the men are clearly among North Korean leader Kim Jong Un s favorites. Their behavior with him is sharply at variance with the obsequiousness of other senior aides, most of whom bow and hold their hands over their mouths when speaking to the young leader. Ri is one of the most prominent aides, and likely represents the Workers Party on the missile program, experts say. Born in 1948, Ri was partly educated in Russia and promoted when Kim Jong Un started to rise through the ranks in the late 2000s. Ri has visited China once and Russia twice. He met China s defense minister in 2008 as the air force commander and accompanied Kim Jong Il on a visit to a Russian fighter jet factory in 2011, according to state media.  Kim Jong Sik is a prominent rocket scientist who rose after playing a role in North Korea s first successful launch of a rocket in 2012. He started his career as a civilian aeronautics technician, but now wears the uniform of a military general at the Munitions Industry Department, according to experts and the South Korean government.  Many other details, including his age, are not known. On Tuesday, the Kremlin, which has long called for the United States and North Korea to negotiate, said it was ready to act as a mediator if the two sides were willing for it to play such a role.  Russia s readiness to clear the way for de-escalation is obvious,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters. Asked to comment on the offer, a spokesman for the U.S. State Department, Justin Higgins, said the United States  has the ability to communicate with North Korea through a variety of diplomatic channels , and added:  We want the North Korean regime to understand that there is a different path that it can choose, however it is up to North Korea to change course and return to credible negotiations.  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, who made a similar offer on Monday, told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a phone call on Tuesday that  Washington s aggressive rhetoric  and beefing up of its military presence in the region had heightened tension and was unacceptable, his ministry said.  Lavrov underscored the need for  the fastest move to the negotiating process from the language of sanctions , it said. Another U.S. State Department spokesman, Michael Cavey, said Washington remained open to talks, but the onus was on North Korea  to take sincere and meaningful actions toward denuclearization and refrain from further provocations.  South Korea s Unification Ministry forecast on Tuesday that North Korea would look to open negotiations with the United States next year while continuing to seek recognition as a de facto nuclear power. The United States has stressed the need for all countries, especially Russia, and China - North Korea s main trading partner - to fully implement sanctions, including by cutting off oil supplies.  According to Chinese customs data, China exported no oil products to North Korea in November, apparently going above and beyond U.N. sanctions imposed earlier in the year. China also imported no North Korean iron ore, coal or lead in November, the second full month of those trade sanctions, the data showed.  China has not disclosed its crude exports to North Korea for several years, but industry sources say it still supplies about 520,000 tonnes, or 3.8 million barrels, a year to the country via an aging pipeline. North Korea also sources some of its oil from Russia. Trade between North Korea and China has slowed through the year, particularly after China banned coal purchases in February. Chinese exports of corn to North Korea in November also slumped, down 82 percent from a year earlier to 100 tonnes, the lowest since January. Exports of rice plunged 64 percent to 672 tonnes, the lowest since March. ",1
11280,"Tillerson, Lavrov agree to continue North Korea diplomacy: U.S. State Department","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and Russia have agreed to continue diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis over North Korea s development of nuclear missiles capable of hitting the United States and emphasized that neither accept Pyongyang as a nuclear power, the U.S. State Department said on Wednesday. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov spoke by telephone on Tuesday, after Washington and the United Nations both announced sanctions against North Korea in recent days.  The two discussed concerns related to the DPRK s destabilizing nuclear program and emphasized that neither the United States nor Russia accepts the DPRK as a nuclear power,  Nauert said in a statement, using the acronym for North Korea s official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. She said both sides agreed to continue working toward a diplomatic way to achieve a denuclearized Korean peninsula. On Tuesday, Russia reiterated an offer to mediate to ease tensions between Washington and Pyongyang that have raised fears of a new conflict on the peninsula. Moscow said Lavrov told Tillerson  Washington s aggressive rhetoric  and beefing up of its military presence in the region had heightened tension and was unacceptable. Russia has repeatedly called for talks to resolve the crisis and said Lavrov underscored the need for  the fastest move to the negotiating process from the language of sanctions.  Tillerson has emphasized diplomacy but the administration of President Donald Trump has repeatedly warned that all options, including military ones, are on the table regarding North Korea. In October, Trump said Tillerson was  wasting his time  trying to negotiate with North Korea and this month the White House followed up an offer by the secretary of state to begin talks with no pre-conditions by saying that no negotiations could be held until North Korea improves its behavior. Washington announced sanctions on two of the most prominent officials behind North Korea s ballistic missile program on Tuesday, its latest steps in a global campaign aimed at forcing North Korea to abandon its weapons programs. On Friday the U.N. Security Council agreed on new sanctions in response to North Korea s Nov. 29 test of a missile that Pyongyang said put all of the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. North Korea declared the U.N. steps to be an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic blockade. ",1
11281,Israel ambassador asks to meet New Zealand pop star Lorde over canceled show,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Israel s ambassador to New Zealand on Wednesday appealed to the pop star Lorde to meet him after she canceled a show in Tel Aviv after appeals from activists for her to shun Israel as a protest against its treatment of Palestinians. Itzhak Gerberg, Israel s ambassador to New Zealand, said in a public letter it was  regrettable  that the concert had been called off and the boycott of his country represented  hostility and intolerance .    I invite you to meet me in person to discuss Israel, its achievements and its role as the only democracy in the Middle East,  Gerberg said on the Embassy of Israel s Facebook page.               Lorde s representatives did not immediately respond to request for comment on her response or whether she planned to meet the ambassador. The 21-year-old New Zealand singer had been slated to perform in Tel Aviv in June as part of a global tour to promote her chart-topping second album  Melodrama .   Campaigners have been urging her to scrap the show, calling in an open letter on Dec. 21 for her to pull out as part of a boycott to oppose Israel s occupation of the Palestinian territories.  Playing in Tel Aviv will be seen as giving support to the policies of the Israeli government, even if you make no comment on the political situation,  campaigners Justine Sachs and Nadia Abu-Shanab, wrote on news website The Spinoff.  We believe that an economic, intellectual and artistic boycott is an effective way of speaking out,  they said. Lorde said on Twitter at the time she was speaking with  many people about this and considering all options .   Eran Arielli, the promoter of the concert, said on Facebook on Sunday that the show was off.    The truth is I was naive to think that an artist of her age would be able to absorb the pressure involved in coming to Israel,  he wrote in Hebrew.    The Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement was launched in 2005 as a non-violent campaign to press Israel to heed international law and end its occupation of territory Palestinians seek for a state.  Artists who have boycotted Israel include Pink Floyd s Roger Waters and Elvis Costello.  Other major stars, such as Elton John, Aerosmith, Guns and Roses, the Rolling Stones, Justin Bieber and Rihanna have performed in recent years in Israel.  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s right-wing government has long campaigned against the BDS movement, describing it as anti-Semitic and an attempt to erase Israel s legitimacy. (This story has been refiled to show Eran Arielli was sole promoter, paragraph 10.) ",1
11282,"Reuters journalists in Myanmar appear in court, remanded for another 14 days","YANGON (Reuters) - Two Reuters journalists who have been detained in Myanmar for the past two weeks were remanded in custody for a further two weeks on Wednesday as a probe continues into allegations they breached the nation s Official Secrets Act. Judge Ohn Myint granted the 14-day extension in the case of the journalists, Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, at the request of the police, who then took them to Yangon s Insein prison. They were previously being held in a police compound. When they appeared at the Mingaladon court for the proceedings, Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo were allowed to meet their families and their lawyer for the first time since their arrest. The two journalists had worked on Reuters coverage of a crisis in the western state of Rakhine, where - according to United Nations  estimates - about 655,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled from a fierce military crackdown on militants. They were detained on Dec 12 after they had been invited to meet police officials over dinner. The Ministry of Information has said they  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media  and faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years. The two journalists said they had not been mistreated in custody.    The situation is okay,  Wa Lone said after the hearing.  We will face it the best we can because we have never done anything wrong,  he said.  We have never violated the media law nor ethics. We will continue to do our best.  A Reuters spokesperson said they should be freed.  These two journalists are being held for simply doing their jobs and have done nothing wrong. It is time for Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo to be released,  the spokesperson said. About 100 journalists, lawyers and farmers held a protest in the town of Pyay, 290 km (180 miles) north of Yangon, to demand the release of Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, one of the participants said. Members of the Protection Committee for Myanmar Journalists sat draped in chains in a public square in the center of the town and wrote the names of the two arrested reporters on their palms, an often used symbol in Myanmar of solidarity with those in jail.  Government officials from some of the world s major nations, including the United States, Britain and Canada, as well as top U.N. officials, have previously called for their release. Dozens of reporters and cameramen were outside the courthouse in a northern district of Yangon for the appearance of the two journalists. They were brought in a white van, rather than a police truck, dressed in casual clothes and were not handcuffed.  Their lawyer, Than Zaw Aung, who has been retained by Reuters, also said the two had only been doing their job as journalists.  They are being accused under this charge while doing their work as media,  he told reporters. Lieutenant Colonel Myint Htwe, a senior staff officer from the Yangon Police Division, said:  We took action because they committed the crime. It needs to be solved in court.  Only their lawyer and the families of the two journalists,  along with police and government lawyers, were allowed into the courtroom. The families were later allowed to travel in the van as the two journalists were taken to prison.  I believe that he didn t commit any crime,  Pan Ei Mon, Wa Lone s wife, told Reuters.  I would like to request the government to consider releasing them.  Nyo Nyo Aye, a sister of Kyaw Soe Oo, said her brother told her he had not committed any offense.  I believe that he can come home soon,  she said. ",1
11283,Kuwait says GCC to keep operating despite Qatar crisis,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Kuwait s deputy foreign minister said on Wednesday that the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council would continue to operate despite a row among three of its members and Qatar that it has unsuccessfully sought to mediate. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain plus non-GCC member Egypt cut off diplomatic, travel and trade ties with Qatar in June, accusing it of supporting militants and their arch-foe Iran. Doha denies the charges and says their move is aimed at curtailing its sovereignty. Western nations have called for the countries, which are all close U.S. allies, to settle their differences in talks. The heads of state from the three boycotting countries skipped a GCC summit hosted by Kuwait s ruler in December, and the UAE called for the formation of a bilateral committee with Saudi Arabia on economic, political and military issues. But Kuwait appears determined to preserve the loose union set up in 1980 as a bulwark against larger neighbors Iraq and Iran, and said its reconciliation efforts would proceed. Despite the spat which appears to have no end in sight, the GCC s work  will not be frozen or disrupted,  Khaled Jarallah was quoted by state news agency KUNA as telling reporters on the sidelines of a conference in Kuwait.  After the summit in Kuwait, we are not worried about the future of the council,  Jarallah added.   Mediation efforts have not stopped, and a breakthrough will be achieved one day.  ",1
11284,Nigeria says U.S. agrees delayed $593 million fighter plane sale,"ABUJA (Reuters) - The United States has formally agreed to sell 12 Super Tucano A-29 planes and weapons to Nigeria, the West African country s air force said, confirming the resurrection of a deal frozen by the Obama administration over rights concerns. Former U.S. President Barack Obama delayed the sale in one of his last decisions in office after the Nigerian Air Force bombed a refugee camp in January. But his successor Donald Trump decided to press on with the transaction to support Nigeria s efforts to fight Boko Haram militants and to boost U.S. defense jobs, sources told Reuters in April. The U.S. ambassador to Nigeria presented letters of offer and acceptance to Nigeria s air force earlier on Wednesday, the air force said in a statement.  It said the U.S. State Department had approved the sale and final agreements would be signed and necessary payments made before Feb. 20. There was no immediate statement from the U.S. embassy or from authorities in Washington. U.S. government and Nigerian Air Force officials would meet in early January to discuss the early delivery of the aircraft once payment had been made, the Nigerian air force said. The sale of the 12 aircraft, with weapons and services, is worth $593 million, and includes thousands of bombs and rockets.  The propeller-driven plane with reconnaissance, surveillance and attack capabilities, is made by Brazil s Embraer. A second production line is in Florida, in a partnership between Embraer and privately held Sierra Nevada Corp of Sparks, Nevada. The Super Tucano costs more than $10 million each and the price can go much higher depending on the configuration. It is powered by a Pratt & Whitney Canada PT 6 engine. ",1
11285,Syrian rebels say discussing evacuation from territory near Israel,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian rebels in a pocket of land near where the Syrian, Lebanese and Israeli borders meet are negotiating a deal with the government to leave for other insurgent-held areas, rebel officials there said. The Syrian army, backed by Russian air power, Shi ite militias supported by Iran and local fighters from the Druze sect have besieged the rebel enclave around Beit Jin for weeks. In recent days it captured various positions, leaving the rebels trapped inside the town itself.  There is now negotiation on the departure of fighters and those who wish to leave with them,  said Abu Kanaan, an official in a local rebel group.  The militias are trying to convince them to evacuate to Idlib... There has been no agreement reached yet,  said Ibrahim al-Jebawi, an official with a Free Syrian Army faction familiar with the situation.  Syria s army and its allies have increasingly pushed for such evacuation deals for rebel enclaves near big cities or in other strategic locations after long periods of siege and bombardment.  The area around Beit Jin is sensitive because of its location next to the Israel-controlled Golan Heights.  Israel wants to keep Lebanon s Hezbollah, the most powerful of the Iran-backed militias aiding Syrian President Bashar al-Assad against the rebel groups, far away from its border with Syria.  It has repeatedly targeted military positions in Syria near the border after stray projectiles crossed into Israeli-controlled areas, and it has struck Hezbollah convoys and weapons caches inside Syria. ",1
11286,"Trump to host Norway's Solberg on Jan. 10, White House says","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will host Norway s Prime Minister Erna Solberg in Washington next month to discuss various security and economic issues, the White House said on Wednesday. The two leaders will meet on Jan. 10 at the White House to talk about a range of topics including NATO and the fight against Islamic State as well as bilateral trade and investment, the White House said in a statement. ",1
11287,Russia says satellite launch failure due to programming error,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said on Wednesday the failed launch of a 2.6 billion-rouble ($44.95 million) satellite last month was due to an embarrassing programming error. Russian space agency Roscosmos said last month it had lost contact with the newly-launched weather satellite - the Meteor-M - after it blasted off from Russia s new Vostochny cosmodrome in the Far East. Eighteen smaller satellites belonging to scientific, research and commercial companies from Russia, Norway, Sweden, the United States, Japan, Canada and Germany, were on board the same rocket. Speaking to Rossiya 24 state TV channel, Rogozin said the failure had been caused by human error.  The rocket carrying the satellites had been programmed with the wrong coordinates, he said, saying it had been given bearings for take-off from a different cosmodrome - Baikonur - which Moscow leases from Kazakhstan.  The rocket was really programmed as if it was taking off from Baikonur,  said Rogozin.  They didn t get the coordinates right.  The Vostochny spaceport, laid out in the thick taiga forest of the Amur Region, is the first civilian rocket launch site in Russia. In April last year, after delays and massive costs overruns, Russia launched its first rocket from Vostochny, a day after a technical glitch forced an embarrassing postponement of the event in the presence of President Vladimir Putin. ",1
11288,Libya puts 142 migrants on plane back to Guinea,"MISRATA, Libya (Reuters) - Libya put 142 illegal migrants on a flight back to Guinea on Wednesday with the help of the U.N. migration agency, officials said, as the North African country steps up deportations to ease severe overcrowding in its detention centers. The number of people stuck in Libyan detention centers has risen dramatically this year after armed groups largely shut down the boat route to Italy from the smuggling hub of Sabratha. The International Organization for Migration flew the Guinean migrants from two western cities to the city of Misrata, from where they boarded a plane for Conakry. The deportations come in the wake of a CNN report on migrants being sold for slave labor that sparked an international outcry. Migrant flows through Libya have surged since 2014. More than 600,000 people have crossed the central Mediterranean to Italy in the past three years, but departures from Libya s coast dropped sharply in July when armed groups in Sabratha began preventing boats from leaving. After clashes in the western city in September, thousands of migrants held near the coast emerged and were transferred to detention centers under the nominal control of the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli. Amnesty International said this month that up to 20,000 people are being held in detention centers and are subject to  torture, forced labor, extortion, and unlawful killings . Other human rights organizations have said similar things in recent months. ",1
11289,"U.S. sanctions North Korean missile experts, Russia offers to mediate","WASHINGTON/MOSCOW (Reuters) - The United States announced sanctions on two of North Korea s most prominent officials behind its ballistic missile program on Tuesday, while Russia reiterated an offer to mediate to ease tension between Washington and Pyongyang. The new U.S. steps were the latest in a campaign aimed at forcing North Korea - which has defied years of multilateral and bilateral sanctions - to abandon a weapons program aimed at developing nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States.  Treasury is targeting leaders of North Korea s ballistic missile programs, as part of our maximum pressure campaign to isolate (North Korea) and achieve a fully denuclearized Korean Peninsula,  Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in a statement. The move followed new United Nations sanctions announced last Friday in response to North Korea s Nov. 29 test of an ICBM that Pyongyang said put all of the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. Those sanctions sought to further limit North Korea s access to refined petroleum products and crude oil and its earnings from workers abroad. North Korea declared the U.N. steps to be an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic blockade. The standoff between the United States and North Korea has raised fears of a new conflict on the Korean peninsula, which has remained in a technical state of war since the 1950-53 Korean War ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty. The United States has said that all options, including military ones, are on the table in dealing with North Korea. It says it prefers a diplomatic solution, but that North Korea has given no indication it is willing to discuss denuclearization. The U.S. Treasury named the targeted officials as Kim Jong Sik and Ri Pyong Chol. It said Kim was reportedly a major figure in North Korea s efforts to switch its missile program from liquid to solid fuel, while Ri was reported to be a key official in its intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) development.  The largely symbolic steps block any property or interests the two might have within U.S. jurisdiction and prohibit any dealings by U.S. citizens with them. With their ruling Workers Party, military and scientific credentials, the men are two of three top experts considered indispensable to North Korea s rapidly developing weapons programs.   Photographs and television footage show that the men are clearly among North Korean leader Kim Jong Un s favorites. Their behavior with him is sharply at variance with the obsequiousness of other senior aides, most of whom bow and hold their hands over their mouths when speaking to the young leader. Ri is one of the most prominent aides, and likely represents the Workers Party on the missile program, experts say. Born in 1948, Ri was partly educated in Russia and promoted when Kim Jong Un started to rise through the ranks in the late 2000s. Ri has visited China once and Russia twice. He met China s defense minister in 2008 as the air force commander and accompanied Kim Jong Il on a visit to a Russian fighter jet factory in 2011, according to state media.  Kim Jong Sik is a prominent rocket scientist who rose after playing a role in North Korea s first successful launch of a rocket in 2012. He started his career as a civilian aeronautics technician, but now wears the uniform of a military general at the Munitions Industry Department, according to experts and the South Korean government.  Many other details, including his age, are not known. On Tuesday, the Kremlin, which has long called for the United States and North Korea to negotiate, said it was ready to act as a mediator if the two sides were willing for it to play such a role.  Russia s readiness to clear the way for de-escalation is obvious,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters. Asked to comment on the offer, a spokesman for the U.S. State Department, Justin Higgins, said the United States  has the ability to communicate with North Korea through a variety of diplomatic channels , and added:  We want the North Korean regime to understand that there is a different path that it can choose, however it is up to North Korea to change course and return to credible negotiations.  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, who made a similar offer on Monday, told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a phone call on Tuesday that  Washington s aggressive rhetoric  and beefing up of its military presence in the region had heightened tension and was unacceptable, his ministry said.  Lavrov underscored the need for  the fastest move to the negotiating process from the language of sanctions , it said. Another U.S. State Department spokesman, Michael Cavey, said Washington remained open to talks, but the onus was on North Korea  to take sincere and meaningful actions toward denuclearization and refrain from further provocations.  South Korea s Unification Ministry forecast on Tuesday that North Korea would look to open negotiations with the United States next year while continuing to seek recognition as a de facto nuclear power. The United States has stressed the need for all countries, especially Russia, and China - North Korea s main trading partner - to fully implement sanctions, including by cutting off oil supplies.  According to Chinese customs data, China exported no oil products to North Korea in November, apparently going above and beyond U.N. sanctions imposed earlier in the year. China also imported no North Korean iron ore, coal or lead in November, the second full month of those trade sanctions, the data showed.  China has not disclosed its crude exports to North Korea for several years, but industry sources say it still supplies about 520,000 tonnes, or 3.8 million barrels, a year to the country via an aging pipeline. North Korea also sources some of its oil from Russia. Trade between North Korea and China has slowed through the year, particularly after China banned coal purchases in February. Chinese exports of corn to North Korea in November also slumped, down 82 percent from a year earlier to 100 tonnes, the lowest since January. Exports of rice plunged 64 percent to 672 tonnes, the lowest since March. ",1
11290,"Tillerson, Lavrov agree to continue North Korea diplomacy: U.S. State Department","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and Russia have agreed to continue diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis over North Korea s development of nuclear missiles capable of hitting the United States and emphasized that neither accept Pyongyang as a nuclear power, the U.S. State Department said on Wednesday. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov spoke by telephone on Tuesday, after Washington and the United Nations both announced sanctions against North Korea in recent days.  The two discussed concerns related to the DPRK s destabilizing nuclear program and emphasized that neither the United States nor Russia accepts the DPRK as a nuclear power,  Nauert said in a statement, using the acronym for North Korea s official name, the Democratic People s Republic of Korea. She said both sides agreed to continue working toward a diplomatic way to achieve a denuclearized Korean peninsula. On Tuesday, Russia reiterated an offer to mediate to ease tensions between Washington and Pyongyang that have raised fears of a new conflict on the peninsula. Moscow said Lavrov told Tillerson  Washington s aggressive rhetoric  and beefing up of its military presence in the region had heightened tension and was unacceptable. Russia has repeatedly called for talks to resolve the crisis and said Lavrov underscored the need for  the fastest move to the negotiating process from the language of sanctions.  Tillerson has emphasized diplomacy but the administration of President Donald Trump has repeatedly warned that all options, including military ones, are on the table regarding North Korea. In October, Trump said Tillerson was  wasting his time  trying to negotiate with North Korea and this month the White House followed up an offer by the secretary of state to begin talks with no pre-conditions by saying that no negotiations could be held until North Korea improves its behavior. Washington announced sanctions on two of the most prominent officials behind North Korea s ballistic missile program on Tuesday, its latest steps in a global campaign aimed at forcing North Korea to abandon its weapons programs. On Friday the U.N. Security Council agreed on new sanctions in response to North Korea s Nov. 29 test of a missile that Pyongyang said put all of the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. North Korea declared the U.N. steps to be an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic blockade. ",1
11291,Israel ambassador asks to meet New Zealand pop star Lorde over canceled show,"WELLINGTON (Reuters) - Israel s ambassador to New Zealand on Wednesday appealed to the pop star Lorde to meet him after she canceled a show in Tel Aviv after appeals from activists for her to shun Israel as a protest against its treatment of Palestinians. Itzhak Gerberg, Israel s ambassador to New Zealand, said in a public letter it was  regrettable  that the concert had been called off and the boycott of his country represented  hostility and intolerance .    I invite you to meet me in person to discuss Israel, its achievements and its role as the only democracy in the Middle East,  Gerberg said on the Embassy of Israel s Facebook page.               Lorde s representatives did not immediately respond to request for comment on her response or whether she planned to meet the ambassador. The 21-year-old New Zealand singer had been slated to perform in Tel Aviv in June as part of a global tour to promote her chart-topping second album  Melodrama .   Campaigners have been urging her to scrap the show, calling in an open letter on Dec. 21 for her to pull out as part of a boycott to oppose Israel s occupation of the Palestinian territories.  Playing in Tel Aviv will be seen as giving support to the policies of the Israeli government, even if you make no comment on the political situation,  campaigners Justine Sachs and Nadia Abu-Shanab, wrote on news website The Spinoff.  We believe that an economic, intellectual and artistic boycott is an effective way of speaking out,  they said. Lorde said on Twitter at the time she was speaking with  many people about this and considering all options .   Eran Arielli, the promoter of the concert, said on Facebook on Sunday that the show was off.    The truth is I was naive to think that an artist of her age would be able to absorb the pressure involved in coming to Israel,  he wrote in Hebrew.    The Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement was launched in 2005 as a non-violent campaign to press Israel to heed international law and end its occupation of territory Palestinians seek for a state.  Artists who have boycotted Israel include Pink Floyd s Roger Waters and Elvis Costello.  Other major stars, such as Elton John, Aerosmith, Guns and Roses, the Rolling Stones, Justin Bieber and Rihanna have performed in recent years in Israel.  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s right-wing government has long campaigned against the BDS movement, describing it as anti-Semitic and an attempt to erase Israel s legitimacy. (This story has been refiled to show Eran Arielli was sole promoter, paragraph 10.) ",1
11292,China to bring paramilitary police force under military's wing,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China will bring its paramilitary police force, the People s Armed Police, under the control of the Central Military Commission which controls the country s armed forces from Jan. 1, state media said on Wednesday. Since taking power five years ago, President Xi Jinping has overseen a sweeping modernization of the People s Liberation Army, the world s largest military, laying off troops, streamlining its organization and investing in advanced weapons. In a brief report, the official Xinhua news agency said that from midnight on Jan. 1 the People s Armed Police would no longer fall under the purview of the State Council, or cabinet, and instead report to the Central Military Commission. Xi heads the Central Military Commission in his role as armed forces chief and commander in chief. Xi has steadily consolidated his power over the military, and has appointed allies to key positions of power in the armed forces. Xinhua did not provide any details on how the new reporting structure would work or why the government had made the decision. However, the party s official People s Daily, in a commentary for publication on Thursday but reported by Xinhua on Wednesday, said the move was needed to ensure security and promote the aim of having a  strong military . The People s Armed Police will remain separate, carry out its existing functions and not be absorbed into the People s Liberation Army, the People s Daily said. The paramilitary police force serves as a backup for the military in times of war, and domestically has a role in putting down protests and counter-terrorism as well as border defense and fire-fighting. Xi has radically overhauled the old Soviet-era command structure of the military to make the armed forces nimbler and better able to respond to crises at home and abroad. That has included condensing the command structure and giving greater emphasis on new capabilities including cyberspace, electronic and information warfare. China s military has not fought a war in decades, but faces what the government calls a complex security environment, such as nuclear-armed North Korea and territorial disputes in the South China Sea and over self-ruled Taiwan, claimed by China as its own. ",1
11293,Myanmar says U.S. sanctions against general based on 'unreliable accusations',"(Reuters) - Myanmar  feels sad  over a U.S. decision to sanction a military general, a government spokesman said, after Washington linked the commander last week to abuses against the Rohingya Muslim minority.  This targeted sanction is based on unreliable accusations without evidence, as we have repeatedly said, so we feel sad for that,  Zaw Htay, spokesman for Myanmar s civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi, told Reuters by phone late on Tuesday. The Trump administration announced on Dec. 21 that it was sanctioning Major General Maung Maung Soe, who was in charge of a crackdown on the Rohingya minority in the western state of Rakhine. The United States, as well as the United Nations, have called the crackdown  ethnic cleansing . About 655,000 Rohingya have fled Rakhine state and sought shelter over the border in Bangladesh, according to the United Nations.  The United States said American officials had  examined credible evidence of Maung Maung Soe s activities, including allegations against Burmese security forces of extrajudicial killings, sexual violence, and arbitrary arrest as well as the widespread burning of villages . The military and the civilian government of Suu Kyi have denied allegations of widespread abuse in Rakhine.  The testimonies of Rohingya refugees were only  talking stories , Zaw Htay said, adding that Myanmar would act if it received  reliable and strong evidence  that its troops committed crimes.  We have told international governments and human rights groups including the U.N. that the current government is committed to protecting and promoting human rights,  said Zaw Htay. The U.S. Treasury said Maung Maung Soe, former chief of the army s Western Command, would have his U.S. assets frozen and Americans could no longer deal with him. Reuters was unable to determine if Maung Maung Soe had business interests in Myanmar or elsewhere. Maung Maung Soe was transferred from his post in Rakhine and  put in reserve , an army spokesman told Reuters on Nov. 13. No reason was given, but the military said the same day action would be taken against officials who were  weak in acquiring information  and who allowed the militant Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) to spread through Muslim villages in Rakhine. Reuters was unable to contact Maung Maung Soe. Major General Tun Tun Nyi of the military s public relations division, the True News Information Unit, said he had no comment on the sanctions and declined to answer questions on Maung Maung Soe. As well as dominating the country s politics for decades, Myanmar s army - known as the Tatmadaw or  Royal Force  - has gained notoriety for brutal counter-insurgency tactics employed against rebels seeking autonomy in the borderlands since independence from Britain in 1948, according to historians and human rights monitors.  But since it began ceding power in 2011 - albeit under a constitution that keeps soldiers in key posts - the army has sought to burnish its image as a modern fighting force. It has defended its actions in Rakhine, with military investigators concluding that troops adhered to rules of engagement and sought to minimize civilian casualties while responding to  terrorist  provocations. But the spiraling Rohingya crisis has dashed hopes of expanding engagement with Western armies, Andrew Selth, an academic who has researched Myanmar s armed forces, wrote in September.  This is a significant loss for the Tatmadaw, which is keen to learn about foreign military policies and practices,  Selth wrote on the website of the Sydney-based Lowy Institute.  Such contacts would have also helped its officers learn about international norms of behavior and the role of armed forces in democracies.  Myanmar s military does not provide detailed biographies of senior officers. In February last year, a state media report said Maung Maung Soe was a brigadier general in the far south of the country, near the border with Thailand. He was referred to as a major general in charge of the military s Western Command in October, 2016, shortly after ARSA attacked three border posts there, killing nine guards. In the weeks after the attacks, Rohingya villagers told Reuters of gang rapes by soldiers and extrajudicial killings. Two military sources told Reuters that Maung Maung Soe oversaw battalions Nos. 352, 551, 564 and 345, which led the so-called  clearance operations , and he reported directly to a Bureau of Special Operations in the capital Naypyitaw. His forces were again in combat following more widespread ARSA attacks on Aug. 25 this year, although troops from elite units that report straight to Naypyitaw were airlifted into Rakhine ahead of those attacks. New York-based Human Rights Watch said in October that Battalion 564 was identified by villagers as taking part in an alleged massacre of scores of people in the village of Maung Nu, close to the unit s base in the Buthidaung area. The day Maung Maung Soe s replacement as the commander in Rakhine was announced, the military released a report saying its own internal investigation had exonerated security forces of all accusations of atrocities, including in Buthidaung. ",1
11294,"In first remarks since retweet feud, UAE diplomat says Arabs won't be led by Turkey","DUBAI (Reuters) - A senior UAE diplomat said on Wednesday the Arab world would not be led by Turkey, the Gulf State s first comment on Ankara since a quarrel broke out last week over a retweet by the Emirati foreign minister that President Tayyip Erdogan called an insult. Anwar Gargash, Minister of State for Foreign Affairs of the United Arab Emirates, said there was a need for Arab countries to rally around the  Arab axis  of Saudi Arabia and Egypt.  The sectarian and partisan view is not an acceptable alternative, and the Arab world will not be led by Tehran or Ankara,  he wrote on his official Twitter page. Last week, Turkey summoned the charge d affaires at the UAE embassy in Ankara, after UAE Foreign Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahayan shared a tweet that accused Turkish troops of looting the holy city of Medina a century ago. Erdogan himself lashed out:  Some impertinent man sinks low and goes as far as accusing our ancestors of thievery ... What spoiled this man? He was spoiled by oil, by the money he has,  the Turkish leader said at an awards ceremony. Turkey s state-run Anadolu newspaper reported on Saturday that Turkey planned to rename the street where the UAE embassy is located in Ankara after Fakhreddin Pasha, the commander of the Ottoman Turkish troops at Medina in 1916. Medina, the holiest site in Islam after Mecca, is now in Saudi Arabia. The UAE sees itself as a bulwark against political forms of Islam, and views Erdogan s Islamist-rooted ruling AK party as a supporter of groups like the Muslim Brotherhood, which it opposes. ",1
11295,Trump will fail against Iran as did 'smarter' Reagan: Khamenei,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Wednesday U.S. President Donald Trump would fail in his hardened stance towards Iran, saying Tehran was stronger than during the time of the  more powerful and smarter  Ronald Reagan.   Reagan was more powerful and smarter than Trump, and he was a better actor in making threats, and he also moved against us and they shot down our plane,  Khamenei said in a speech carried on state television. In 1988, a U.S. warship shot down an Iranian passenger plane over the Gulf, killing all 290 aboard, in an incident which Washington said was a mistake. Tehran said it was a deliberate attack on Iran, then at war with neighboring Iraq.   But Reagan is gone and, according to out beliefs, he now faces God s retribution ... while Iran has made great advances in all areas since Reagan s time,  Khamenei added.   This trend will continue under the current American president and any hopes on their part that the Islamic Republic would back off or weaken is futile.  Trump refused in October to certify that Tehran is complying with its 2015 nuclear deal with world powers and warned he might ultimately terminate the agreement. He announced the shift in U.S. policy in a speech in which he detailed a more aggressive approach to Iran over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs and its support for militant groups in the Middle East. Under the nuclear deal, sanctions on Iran were lifted in return for Tehran rolling back technologies with nuclear bomb-making potential. ",1
11296,"Turkey's Erdogan calls Syria's Assad a terrorist, says impossible to continue with him","TUNIS (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan on Wednesday called Syrian President Bashar al-Assad a terrorist and said it was impossible for Syrian peace efforts to continue with him. Syria s foreign ministry quickly responded by accusing Erdogan of himself supporting terrorist groups fighting Assad in Syria s civil war.  Turkey has demanded the removal of Assad from power and backed rebels fighting to overthrow him, but it has toned down its demands since it started working with Assad s allies Russia and Iran for a political resolution.   Assad is definitely a terrorist who has carried out state terrorism,  Erdogan told a televised news conference with his Tunisian counterpart Beji Caid Essebsi in Tunis.   It is impossible to continue with Assad. How can we embrace the future with a Syrian president who has killed close to a million of his citizens?  he said, in some of his harshest comments for weeks. Though Turkey has long demanded Assad s removal, it is now more focused in Syria on the threat from Islamist militants and Kurdish fighters it considers allies of the Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK), who it says have formed a  terror corridor  on its southern border.  Turkey says the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia, which Ankara views as an extension of the outlawed PKK which has fought an insurgency in southeast Turkey since the 1980s, cannot be invited to Syrian peace talks in the Kazakh capital Astana. The YPG is the main element in a force that Washington has assisted with training, weapons, air support and help from ground advisers in the battle against Islamic State. That U.S. support has angered Ankara, a NATO ally of Washington. Despite its differences with Russia and Iran, Turkey has worked with the two powers in the search for a political solution in Syria. Ankara, Moscow and Tehran also brokered a deal to set up and monitor a  de-escalation zone  to reduce fighting between insurgents and Syrian government forces in Syria s rebel-held northwestern Idlib province.  We can t say (Assad) will handle this. It is impossible for Turkey to accept this. Northern Syria has been handed over as a terror corridor. There is no peace in Syria and this peace won t come with Assad,  Erdogan said. Syria s state news agency SANA quoted a foreign ministry source as saying Erdogan  continues to misdirect Turkish public opinion with his usual froth in an attempt to absolve himself of the crimes which he has committed against the Syrian people through advancing support to the various terrorist groups in Syria .  ",1
11297,Factbox: International reaction to arrest of Reuters reporters in Myanmar,"(Reuters) - Major governments, including the United States, the European Union and Canada, and top United Nations  officials, are among those demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar.  The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 after being invited to meet police officials on the outskirts of Yangon. They had worked on stories about a military crackdown in Rakhine state, from where about 665,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled since August and sought refuge in Bangladesh, according to the United Nations. The two journalists were sent to Yangon s Insein prison on Wednesday after a brief court appearance where they were allowed to meet their families and a lawyer for the first time since their arrest. Myanmar s Ministry of Information has said the reporters  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media,  and released a photo of them in handcuffs. It said the reporters and two policemen faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years, though officials said they have not been charged.  Reuters President and Editor-In-Chief Stephen J. Adler  has called for their immediate release.      Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo are journalists who perform a crucial role in shedding light on news of global interest, and they are innocent of any wrongdoing,  he said in a statement. Here are comments on their detention from governments, politicians, human rights groups, journalists and press freedom advocates around the world:   - A group of 50 Pulitzer Prize winners called their arrest  an outrageous attack on media freedom  and demanded their immediate release.  Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo are brave, principled and professional journalists who were working in the public interest and were jailed simply for doing their jobs,  they said in a statement on Wednesday. - Two U.N. human rights experts called on Myanmar last week to release the two reporters, saying it was putting Myanmar on a dangerous path by using the Official Secrets Act to criminalize journalism.  Journalism is not a crime. These detentions are another way for the Government to censor information about the military s role in Rakhine State and the humanitarian catastrophe taking place,  said Yanghee Lee and David Kaye, who are the U.N. special rapporteur on Myanmar and on freedom of expression respectively. - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the United States was  demanding their immediate release or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance.  Last week,  the State Department reiterated the U.S. demand for the reporters  immediate release. - Senator Ben Cardin, the leading Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee called the arrests  outrageous .  It just brings back the memory of the horrible practices with the repressive military rule,  he said. - Republican Thom Tillis and Democrat Chris Coons, leaders of the U.S. Senate Human Rights Caucus, said they were  gravely concerned  about the reporters  arrests and that press freedom was critical to ensuring accountability for violence against the Rohingya.  - Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kano said last week,  Freedom of the press is extremely important, including in order to protect fundamental human rights. The Japanese government would like to watch (this matter) closely.  Tokyo-based Human Rights Now has called on Japan to take a stronger stance.  - The European Union has urged Myanmar to release the reporters  as quickly as possible.  A spokeswoman for EU  foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini said,  Freedom of the press and media is the foundation and a cornerstone of any democracy.  - U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said countries should do everything possible to secure the journalists  release and press freedom in Myanmar.  - Britain, Holland, Canada, Norway and Sweden have demanded the release of the Reuters reporters. Australia has expressed concern and Bangladesh has denounced the arrests.  - Former New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark said it was  disturbing  to hear of the detention of the two Reuters journalists.  Press freedom is very important,  she said in a tweet on Christmas Day. - Vijay Nambiar, former special adviser on Myanmar to the U.N. Secretary-General, said in a statement to Reuters that the detentions had caused  widespread disappointment within and outside the country that is likely to further damage the international reputation and image of Myanmar.  - President of the European Parliament Antonio Tajani called on Myanmar to protect media freedoms and release the reporters. - The New York Times said in an editorial on Saturday that releasing the two journalists immediately  would help restore at least some lost faith  in Aung San Suu Kyi s government. - Human Rights Watch said the detentions appeared to be  aimed at stopping independent reporting of the ethnic cleansing campaign against the Rohingya.   - The Committee to Protect Journalists said the arrests were  having a grave impact on the ability of journalists to cover a story of vital global importance . - Reporters Without Borders said there was no justification for the arrests and the charges being considered against the journalists were  completely spurious . - Advocacy group Fortify Rights demanded Myanmar  immediately and unconditionally release the Reuters journalists.  - Myanmar s Irrawaddy online news site called on Dec. 14 for the journalists  release in an editorial headlined  The Crackdown on the Media Must Stop.  It said  it is an outrage to see the Ministry of Information release a police record photo of reporters handcuffed   as police normally do to criminals   on its website soon after the detention. It is chilling to see that MOI has suddenly brought us back to the olden days of a repressive regime.  - The Southeast Asian Press Alliance said the journalists were  only doing their jobs in trying to fill the void of information on the Rohingya conflict.   - The Protection Committee for Myanmar Journalists, local reporters who have demonstrated against prosecutions of journalists, decried the  unfair arrests that affect media freedom .  - The Foreign Correspondents  Club of Myanmar said it was  appalled  by the arrests and  gravely concerned  about press freedom in Myanmar.  - The Foreign Correspondents  Club in Thailand, Foreign Correspondents  Association of the Philippines, Jakarta Foreign Correspondents  Club and Foreign Correspondents  Club of Hong Kong have issued statements supporting the journalists. ",1
11298,Putin critic Navalny calls election boycott rallies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Opposition leader Alexei Navalny announced on Wednesday a series of rallies across Russia in January to press home his call for a boycott of next year s presidential election, a move likely to draw a sharp response from the Kremlin and police. Navalny unveiled his plan hours after President Vladimir Putin, who polls suggest is a shoo-in for re-election, registered his candidacy at the central election commission ahead of the March 18 vote.  The commission ruled on Monday that Navalny was not eligible to run against Putin due to a suspended prison sentence.  A furious Navalny, who says the sentence was part of a fabricated case designed to thwart his political ambitions, responded by calling for an election boycott. That prompted the Kremlin to demand an investigation to determine whether his statement broke the law. On Wednesday, Navalny upped the ante, saying he and his supporters would organize nationwide rallies on Jan. 28 in 85 towns and cities, including Moscow and St Petersburg, to support his call for an election boycott.  We refuse to call the reappointment of Putin an election,  Navalny said in a statement on his website.   We are not going to vote and will convince everyone around us not to vote. We are going to campaign (for a boycott) with all our might.  A boycott could pose a problem for the Kremlin which is keen to ensure a high turnout in the election to help confer legitimacy on Putin s expected victory amid some signs of apathy among voters. Under Russian law, the time and place of rallies must be agreed with the authorities who have often declined to authorize them in the past, citing conflicting events or security concerns. When the opposition has gone ahead anyway, the police have broken up rallies by force and detained attendees.        Polls show that Putin, who has led Russia for 18 years as either president or prime minister, is on course to comfortably win another six-year term, allowing him to rule until 2024, when he ll turn 72. The former KGB officer is running as an independent, a move seen as a way of strengthening his image as a  father of the nation  rather than as a party political figure. The ruling United Russia party, which he once led and which controls three quarters of seats in the lower house of parliament, has said it will support him, as will Just Russia, a pro-government center-left group. Allies laud Putin for restoring national pride and expanding Moscow s global clout with interventions in Syria and Ukraine. But Navalny says Putin has been in power too long and that his support is artificially maintained by a biased state media and an unfair system which excludes genuine opponents.   Navalny has made a name for himself by successfully leveraging social media and conducting high profile corruption investigations into senior officials. He has also organized some of the biggest anti-government protests in years. Opinion polls, whose accuracy Navalny dismisses, put his support in single digits while giving Putin an approval rating of around 80 percent. ",1
11299,"North Korean defectors may have been exposed to radiation, says South","SEOUL (Reuters) - At least four defectors from North Korea have shown signs of radiation exposure, the South Korean government said on Wednesday, although researchers could not confirm if they were was related to Pyongyang s nuclear weapons program. The four are among 30 former residents of Kilju county, an area in North Korea that includes the nuclear test site Punggye-ri, who have been examined by the South Korean government since October, a month after the North conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test, Unification Ministry spokesman Baik Tae-hyun told a news briefing.  They were exposed to radiation between May 2009 and January 2013, and all defected to the South before the most recent test, a researcher at the Korea Atomic Energy Research Institute, which carried out the examinations, told reporters. North Korea has conducted six nuclear bomb tests since 2006, all in tunnels deep beneath the mountains of Punggye-ri, in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions and international condemnation. The researcher cautioned that there were a number of ways people may be exposed to radiation, and that none of the defectors who lived had lived in Punggye-ri itself showed specific symptoms. A series of small earthquakes in the wake of the last test - which the North claimed to be of a hydrogen bomb - prompted suspicions that it may have damaged the mountainous location in the northwest tip of the country. Experts warned that further tests in the area could risk radioactive pollution. After the Sept. 3 nuclear test, China s Nuclear Safety Administration said it had begun emergency monitoring for radiation along its border with North Korea. And in early December, a state-run newspaper in China s Jilin province, which borders North Korea and Russia, published a page of  common sense  advice on how readers can protect themselves from a nuclear weapons attack or explosion. Cartoon illustrations of ways to dispel radioactive contamination were also provided, such as using water to wash off shoes and using cotton buds to clean ears, as well as a picture of a vomiting child to show how medical help can be sought to speed the expulsion of radiation through stomach pumping and induced urination. ",1
11300,"Peru's Fujimori asks for forgiveness, thanks Kuczynski for pardon","LIMA (Reuters) - Former authoritarian leader Alberto Fujimori sought forgiveness from Peruvians  from the bottom of my heart  on Tuesday for shortcomings during his rule, and thanked President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski for granting him a Christmas pardon. In a video on Facebook, Fujimori, 79, vowed that as a free man, he would support Kuczynski s call for reconciliation, hinting that he would not return to politics.  I m aware the results of my government were well received by some, but I acknowledge I also disappointed other compatriots,  the ailing Fujimori said, reading from notes while connected to tubes in a hospital bed.  And to them, I ask for forgiveness from the bottom of my heart.   The remarks were Fujimori s first explicit apology to the Andean nation that he governed with an iron fist from 1990-2000. They came after two days of unrest as protesters slammed the pardon as an insult to victims and part of a political deal to help Kuczynski survive a scandal. The pardon cleared Fujimori s convictions for graft and human rights crimes during his leadership of the rightwing government. Late on Monday, Kuczynski, a 79-year-old former Wall Street banker, appealed to Peruvians opposed to the pardon to  turn the page  and defended his decision as justified clemency for a sick man whose government helped the country progress.  I cannot keep from expressing my profound gratitude for the complex step that the president took, which commits me in this new stage of my life to decidedly support his call for reconciliation,  Fujimori said. ",1
11301,"Eastern Libyan force says ""terrorist group"" probably responsible for pipe explosion","BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - A  terrorist group  is probably responsible for the explosion on a Libyan crude pipeline on Tuesday, a spokesman for an eastern Libyan petroleum protection force said on Wednesday. The fire at the pipeline had been brought under control, Miftah Magariaf, from the force tasked with guarding oilfields in eastern Libya, told Reuters. ",1
11302,Chile beefs up border crossings ahead of Pope's visit in January,"SANTIAGO (Reuters) - Chile said on Tuesday that it would beef up border policing ahead of a wave of visitors likely to arrive in the country from Argentina next month during a visit of Pope Francis.  With less than three weeks until the Pope s arrival, Chilean authorities said they were working with the Roman Catholic Church to prepare for an onslaught of tourists at the peak of the austral summer, a traditional time for vacationing in both countries.  We are going to see a record number of (foreign) visitors,  Reginaldo Flores, the head of the interior ministry s border crossings unit, told reporters. Starting in Chile on Jan. 15, the Argentine pontiff will go to the cities of Santiago, Temuco and Iquique, before heading to Peru, where he will stop in Lima, Puerto Maldonado and Trujillo. A planned mass in the Chilean capital of Santiago is expected to attract more than 500,000 people. Thousands of police officers will be present, officials said. Since his election to lead the world s 1.2 billion Roman Catholics in 2013, Francis, the first Latin American pope, has visited Brazil, Bolivia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Cuba and Mexico, but has not made a pastoral trip to Argentina. ",1
11303,"Gunman opens fire in Moscow pastry factory, killing one","MOSCOW (Reuters) - A gunman opened fire in a pastry factory in Moscow, killing a guard early on Wednesday, officials said. The man, identified by prosecutors as the factory s former director Ilya Averyanov, told a radio station over the phone he was holed up inside as special forces circled the building.  I shot one guy and unfortunately I think I killed him,  the man told Business FM.  If I survive, I will fight to the end ... Now I will either shoot myself or hand myself in.  The man said he had opened fire in self defence to stop people taking the factory from him.  They used fraudulent documents to steal my factory and bankrupt me. I have eight children,  he told Business FM. Other media reports, citing Russia s interior ministry, said the man later fled the scene and was on the run. Moscow s public prosecutor s office said bailiffs had arrived at the factory in a southeastern part of the city that morning.     The  Menshevik  factory was being reviewed for bankruptcy by a Moscow court, state news agency RIA reported. Its owner had filed several complaints with the courts, arguing that he was being defrauded, the agency added. ",1
11304,Syrian Kurds say Russia has promised they can attend Sochi talks,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Russia has promised that the autonomous region controlled by Kurds in northern Syria will be represented at peace talks it is hosting next month, the commander of the main Syrian Kurdish militia was cited as saying on Wednesday.      Moscow has said 155 representatives of the autonomous region will participate, Sipan Hemo, the commander of the YPG, was quoted as saying by official Syrian Kurdish social media channels on Wednesday.  Kurdish groups have not taken part in any round of Syrian peace talks so far despite their control of more than a quarter of Syria. Turkey opposes their involvement in talks. Moscow backs Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Syria s six-year-old civil war while Turkey opposes him.  But Ankara views the YPG as a terrorist group affiliated to the Kurdish PKK, which has waged an insurgency in Turkey for decades.  Russia, Iran and Turkey announced the Jan. 29-30 dates for the talks in the Black Sea resort of Sochi date after a round of peace talks in Kazakhstan last week, but did not say who would participate. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan on Wednesday called Assad a terrorist and said it was impossible for Syrian peace efforts to continue with him. Syria responded that Erdogan himself supported terrorist groups fighting in Syria. About 40 Syrian rebel groups, including factions that have taken part in other rounds of peace talks, said on Monday they would refuse to attend the Sochi congress. Russia is the most powerful supporter of Assad. Its jets have helped him bring the rebellion against his rule near to an end, and rebels say Moscow has put no pressure on him to find a political solution.  U.N. Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura has said that the success of the congress should be assessed by its ability to contribute to and support the U.N.-led Geneva talks on ending the war.  ",1
11305,"Liberians vote in historic, delayed election","MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberians went to the polls on Tuesday for a presidential election they hope will mark their first democratic transfer of power in more than seven decades, despite allegations of fraud. Former world footballer of the year George Weah is squaring up against vice president Joseph Boakai, both of them promising to tackle poverty and corruption in a country where most citizens have no reliable electricity or clean drinking water. They are bidding to succeed Ellen Johnson Sirleaf in a run-off vote delayed for more than a month after Boakai and another candidate alleged widespread fraud in October s first-round vote, a challenge that the Supreme Court rejected this month. There were no reports of violence as voting proceeded under sunny skies in the capital Monrovia. Election agents told Reuters first indications pointed to a lower turnout than in the first round.  It is great day for Liberia - a test day for democracy,  said Boakai after casting his vote in Paynesville.  We will accept the results provided they meet all the standards.  Officials said results were expected in the next few days, declining to give a specific date. Johnson Sirleaf s 12-year rule cemented peace in the West African country after civil war ended in 2003, and brought in much needed aid. But critics, including much of the country s youth, say her administration was marred by corruption and that she did little to raise most Liberians out of dire poverty.  Liberia was also racked by the Ebola crisis, which killed thousands between 2014 and 2016, while a drop in iron ore prices since 2014 has dented export revenues.  Weah, world footballer of the year in 1995, won with 38 percent in the first round versus Boakai s 29 percent.   I voted George Weah because I believe that he will do better for me and my country. I want change,  said Miama Kamara, a 32-year-old businesswoman, after casting her ballot in the capital. Observers from the U.S.-based National Democratic Institute said polling stations were better organised than in the first round.  The National Elections Commission said there were isolated incidents of voting irregularities, including one woman caught trying to vote twice, but no sign of widespread graft.   So far the election process has been smooth and there are marked improvements on the Oct. 10 poll,  NEC said. Boakai has found it harder to convince voters that he will bring change, given that he worked alongside Johnson Sirleaf for 12 years. Weah, by contrast, has won the hearts of mostly young Liberians through his star performances for Europe s biggest football teams in the 1990s.    His arrival at a polling station in Paynesville was met with cheers by a crowd of supporters.   My focus now is to win,  he told reporters.  From there, I am going to get on the drawing board with my team and then we ll put a plan together to move our country forward.     Some however are wary of Weah s lack of political experience, education and concrete policy.  Boakai understands diplomacy,  said McArthur Nuah Kermah, a school registrar in Paynesville.  Weah is not experienced and doesn t know the workings of government.   Turnout appeared low on the day after the Christmas holiday, in contrast to the high turnout for the first round, although official figures are yet to be released.  NEC did its best to rally young voters and conjure a sense of occasion in a morning Twitter post.   First-time voters MUST vote on December 26 Run-Off elections,  its tweet said.  This is the first big process you are a part of ... you  must complete it in order to be a part of  tomorrow s glorious and democratic Liberia!  ",1
11306,Saudi businessman in debt dispute released from detention: sources,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A Saudi Arabian businessman whose family s commercial empire is involved in a multi-billion dollar debt dispute has been released from detention in the kingdom s Eastern Province, according to sources familiar with the matter. Abdulaziz al-Sanea s release comes as the government steps up efforts to find a company to run a struggling 750-bed hospital owned by his family, a search that has turned the spotlight on the kingdom s effort to bring overseas investors into the healthcare sector. Al-Sanea was freed late last week after being detained in October for unpaid debts, related at least in part to the hospital, according to the sources. An arrest warrant, issued in October for his brother Mishal for the same reason, was also lifted, according to the same sources. At the same time, the authorities approved a plan intended to restart operations at Saad Specialist Hospital in the city of Khobar in Eastern Province, which has been closed in recent weeks after being unable to pay staff and contractors, according to the sources. A special committee, formed by the government to find solutions for the hospital s future, concluded that the facility should be operated under the guidance of the Ministry of Health for seven years, the sources said. The revenue would be deposited into the account of the court handling the liquidation of Saad Group, the family s company that owns the hospital, the sources added.   The Ministry of Justice did not respond to a Reuters request for comment. London-listed NMC Healthcare is among companies in talks with the government to take over the running of the hospital, one of the top cancer treatment facilities in the Gulf, Reuters reported on Thursday, citing sources familiar with the matter. Maan al-Sanea, the owner of Saad Group and the father of Abdulaziz and Mishal, is still in a civil detention center in Khobar, according to the sources. He was also detained by authorities in October for unpaid debts. Saad Group, which at its height employed about 12,000 staff and has interests in sectors spanning banking to healthcare, ran into difficulties in 2009 because of heavy debts, unleashing a series of long-running legal battles and a Saudi court-enforced liquidation of the company. Reemas Group, a financial consultancy hired by Saad Group, last month outlined a proposed settlement covering $4 billion in debt under a plan to repay part of the money owed to creditors. The legal action against the family is believed to be separate from a crackdown on corruption by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in which dozens of Saudi princes and businessmen are being held. The kingdom has released 23 of the 200-or-so powerful individuals detained since November on corruption charges after they reached deals with the government, Okaz newspaper reported on Tuesday. ",1
11307,"Turkey to review 11,480 cases linked to app used by coup suspects","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish prosecutors said on Wednesday they will review legal cases against 11,480 people after finding they had been re-directed unwittingly to a messaging app linked to suspects in last year s failed coup. Turkey has so far identified 215,000 users of the messaging app ByLock, which was believed to be used by supporters of a U.S.-based cleric blamed for the failed July 2016 coup attempt. It launched investigations against more than 23,000 of them. But on Wednesday the Ankara prosecutor s office said many of them had been re-directed to ByLock without their knowledge or consent, after downloading a different app which had functions for prayer times and music.  As a result of a detailed examination, it has been determined that 11,480 GSM number users with similar properties in terms of connection data parameters were unwittingly re-directed to ByLock IPs, it said. State-run Anadolu news agency quoted Ankara chief prosecutor Yuksel Kocaman as saying that he would ask for nearly 1,000 people to be released unless there was other evidence against them.  He said an arrest warrant had been issued for the developer of the other app which had re-directed users to ByLock. Authorities say ByLock was widely used by followers of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who the government blames for orchestrating the failed military coup in which 250 people were killed. Gulen has denied any involvement. Since the coup attempt, more than 50,000 people, including civil servants and security personnel, have been jailed pending trial and some 150,000 suspended or dismissed from their jobs. Rights groups say the crackdown has been exploited to muzzle dissent. The government says the measures have been necessary due to the security threats which Turkey has faced since the putsch. ",1
11308,Ex-army boss to be sworn in as Zimbabwe vice president on Thursday,"HARARE (Reuters) - Retired army chief Constantino Chiwenga and veteran politician Kembo Mohadi will be sworn in as Zimbabwe s vice presidents on Thursday, state-run Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation said on Wednesday. The pair, appointed by President Emmerson Mnangagwa, were elevated to similar positions in the ruling ZANU-PF party on Saturday.  Chiwenga retired from the military this month. His appointment was expected as a reward for leading a de facto coup in November that ended Robert Mugabe s 37-year rule and brought Mnangagwa to power. It also adds to signs of a consolidation of power for the army since it turned against the 93-year-old Mugabe. Mnangagwa has appointed several senior military officers to his cabinet and the ruling party s top decision-making body, the Politburo.  Mnangagwa is under pressure from opposition parties and the public to implement political reforms. ",1
11309,Russia to supply Turkey with four S-400 missile batteries for $2.5 billion: Kommersant,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will supply Turkey with four batteries of S-400 surface-to-air missiles for $2.5 billion under a deal that is almost complete, Sergei Chemezov, head of Russian state conglomerate Rostec, told the Kommersant daily on Wednesday.  The deal has caused concern in the West because Turkey is a member of NATO but the Russian missile system cannot be integrated into NATO s military architecture. In addition, relations between Moscow and the Western military alliance are strained, in part because of Russia s annexation of Ukraine s Crimea peninsula. Turkish Defence Minister Nurettin Canikli said Ankara would purchase two S-400 systems and four batteries and that all agreements were made, the state broadcaster TRT Haber reported. Turkey will pay 45 percent of the cost up front with Russia providing loans to cover the remaining 55 percent, Chemezov said. Moscow expected to begin the first deliveries in March 2020, he said. Chemezov told Kommersant that Turkey was the first NATO member state to acquire the advanced S-400 missile system. He said the Russian and Turkish finance ministries had already completed talks on financing the deal and that the final documents just needed to be approved. ",1
11310,Israel wants to build 'Trump station' near Western Wall,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel wants to name a train station after Donald Trump to thank him for recognizing Jerusalem as its capital, but the site of the planned building could be as divisive as the U.S. president s declaration. Transport Minister Israel Katz said on Wednesday he had chosen a proposed subway stop near the Western Wall in Jerusalem s Old City - right in the middle of the area that the Palestinians want as their own future capital.  I have decided to name the Western Wall station ... after U.S. President Donald Trump for his courageous and historic decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of the Jewish people and the State of Israel,  Katz said in a statement. The envisaged underground extension of a high-speed rail link between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem is still on the drawing board and a transport ministry spokeswoman said other departments still needed to approve it. The announcement was quickly condemned by Palestinian leaders already angered by Trump s Dec. 6 decision to overturn decades of U.S. policy on the city.  The Israeli extremist government is trying to race against time to impose facts on the ground in the city of Jerusalem,  Wasel Abu Youssef, a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization s Executive Committee, told Reuters. Trump has said he was simply acknowledged the reality on the ground by recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital - but the Palestinians and most world powers have said he undermined the long-held position that Jerusalem s status must be settled by future negotiations. A ministry spokeswoman said the proposed station and underground extension still required the approval of various governmental planning committees, and gave no date for when a final go-ahead might be given. She said she did not know where funds for the estimated $700-million rail add-on would come from. Israel considers all of Jerusalem its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem - among whose shrines is Islam s third-holiest mosque, Al-Aqsa - as the capital of a state they seek in the occupied West Bank and in the Gaza Strip. ",1
11311,Mexico presidential hopeful hemmed in by ruling party legacy,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mired in allegations of corruption, Mexico s ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) has thrown its weight behind an untainted outsider in a bid to clean up its image and hang on to the presidency in elections next July. But having never been a member of the party, former finance minister and PRI presidential hopeful Jose Antonio Meade faces a delicate balancing act persuading undecided voters he will cut out graft without alienating the grassroots support he needs to win. It is proving to be a tough job. The awkward symbiosis limits Meade s ability to play to the strengths that PRI grandees hope will overcome the accusations of embezzlement, fraud and vote buying that have plagued the party under President Enrique Pena Nieto. Reliant on the PRI machinery to deliver votes, Meade must wrap himself in the party banner, while distancing his campaign from the failures of the outgoing government he also represents.  He s between a rock and a hard place,  said Andres Rozental, a former deputy Mexican foreign minister. Pena Nieto is constitutionally barred from re-election, and the centrist PRI will not formally elect its candidate until Feb. 18. However, the party has lined up behind Meade, who held various cabinet posts across two opposing administrations before announcing his run late last month. Meade, a technocrat with a sharp command of the minutiae of the economy, launched his campaign for the PRI candidacy in a straw sombrero festooned with red and green streamers in the poor southern town of San Juan Chamula on Dec. 14. Meade acknowledged Pena Nieto in his speech, which called for a  secure and just Mexico.  But he did not detail policies or directly address corruption. Like the president, he has said graft must be attacked by strengthening institutions. In subsequent outings to rally the PRI faithful, he has continued to frame his vision in general terms - prompting expressions of dismay by some of his supporters.  It s a typical PRI campaign,  said one pro-Meade lawmaker, shaking his head, and speaking on condition of anonymity. Polls show Meade has plenty of work to do. A survey by polling firm Parametria published on Dec. 19 put him 11 percentage points behind leftist front-runner Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, a former Mexico City mayor who has spent years railing against corruption and inequality. Another survey, by pollster Mitofsky, showed this month that 57.4 percent of voters reject the PRI, up nearly seven points from October, and 17 points more than any other party. In December 2011, the same point in the previous campaign, the PRI had a lead of about 17 points and only one in five voters rejected the party, according to Mitofsky data. Serving in the cabinet for almost seven years running, Meade has sold himself as irreproachably honest and the safest pair of hands for the economy, painting Lopez Obrador and conservative rival Ricardo Anaya as risky bets for Mexico s stability. However, his time in government has left the 48-year-old with a problematic legacy to defend. Gang violence has worsened in the past couple of years, with murders hitting a record high in 2017. [L1N1ON0EQ] Meanwhile the economy is growing at barely 2 percent annually, less than half the rate the government first targeted, inflation is near a 16-year high and the peso has depreciated by more than 34 percent against the dollar under Pena Nieto. A study by the Pew Research Center in September identified crime and corruption as the top concerns for Mexicans. As standard-bearer for an unpopular government, Meade has to present more compelling solutions to those problems than his rivals, said one senior official backing him.   It was one of this government s biggest mistakes not to see the damage that corruption could do to its reputation,  said the official, who also spoke on condition of anonymity. The official said he believed Meade s policies could become clearer once he is formally invested as PRI candidate. Meade s campaign did not reply to requests for comment. Another government official closely following the campaign said that while Meade could recognize failings in the PRI, he could not be expected to attack the party.  You can t take the PRI s core vote for granted,  the official said. With some PRI governors, lawmakers and Pena Nieto facing allegations of corruption, it could be  suicidal  for Meade to  push a tough line on graft, said Juan Pardinas, general director of the Mexican Institute for Competitiveness, a think tank.  How could you (take) a strong stance against corruption, being the PRI candidate?,  he asked.  It s like (taking) a strong stance against racism at a Ku Klux Klan rally.  ",1
11312,Jailed Cameroon writer who criticized government to be expelled - lawyer,"DOUALA (Reuters) - A prize-winning New York-based Cameroonian novelist will be freed from jail and expelled from his native country after being held for nearly three weeks on charges of insulting and threatening the president, his lawyer said on Wednesday. Patrice Nganang was arrested on Dec. 7 as he prepared to board a flight to Kenya, and accused of insulting President Paul Biya. The government later said he had threatened Biya in posts on Facebook. A literature professor at the State University of New York at Stony Brook, Nganang was born in Cameroon and holds dual Cameroonian and U.S. nationality.  Nganang s lawyer, Emmanuel Simh, told Reuters that a judge had dismissed the government s charges and ordered his client released. Simh later said the authorities had retained Nganang s Cameroonian passport and that he would be placed on an afternoon flight to the United States.   According to (the government), he is an American who does not have a right to this passport,  Simh said. Nganang s supporters say the accusations against him were politically motivated and related to a Dec. 5 piece he wrote for Paris-based magazine Jeune Afrique, in which he criticized a government crackdown on Cameroon s English-speaking minority.  Since last year, the government, which is dominated by members of the French-speaking majority, has repressed protests by English speakers who say they are socially and economically marginalized. Dozens of civilians have been killed in unrest that has fueled support for separatists seeking an independent state. Some separatists have launched armed attacks on state forces, creating the most serious challenge to Biya s 35-year rule. Thousands of English speakers have fled across the border into neighboring Nigeria. Cameroonian law forbids adults from holding dual nationality, although the prohibition is unevenly enforced. Cameroon s government spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment. English speakers make up around a fifth of the population of Cameroon, which was formed when parts of a formerly British-ruled territory joined the larger, newly independent French-speaking Republic of Cameroon in 1961. The past year s violence is the latest example of how Biya s rule has grown increasingly intolerant of dissent, with opposition activists, journalists and intellectuals routinely arrested and sometimes prosecuted. A Cameroonian reporter for Radio France Internationale was released from prison last week after more than two years behind bars for contact with the Islamist militant group Boko Haram, in a case that drew international condemnation. ",1
11313,Russia's Putin registers re-election bid,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin formally registered his re-election bid on Wednesday, submitting the necessary documents to Russia s central election commission in person ahead of a March 18 vote.  Polls show that Putin, who has dominated Russia s political landscape for the last 17 years as either president or prime minister, is on course to comfortably win another six-year term. That would allow him to rule until 2024, when he ll turn 72. The former KGB officer is running as an independent, a move seen as a way of strengthening his image as a  father of the nation  rather than as a party political figure. The ruling United Russia party and the Just Russia party have both said they will support him. Allies laud Putin for restoring national pride and expanding Moscow s global clout with interventions in Syria and Ukraine. But opposition leader Alexei Navalny, who has been barred from the election over a suspended prison sentence he says was fabricated, says Putin has been in power too long and that his support is artificially maintained by a biased state media and an unfair system which excludes genuine opponents.  Navalny has called for a boycott of the election, raising the prospect of large-scale protests and clashes with the police. ",1
11314,Macron opens door to changes in mainland-Corsica relationship,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron has said his government could consider changes in the relationship between mainland France and Corsica, which seeks greater autonomy, but ruled out new residency rights or recognition of Corsican as an official language. An alliance of Corsica s two main nationalist parties swept a local election on Dec. 10 and has been pressing for talks with Paris.  Its leaders want more autonomy on fiscal issues, an equal status for the French and Corsican languages, and the limiting of the right to buy property in some areas to people who have been resident on the holiday island for at least five years.  The two-party  Pe a Corsica  (For Corsica) alliance won nearly two thirds of seats in the local assembly election. Support for their cause is driven by dissatisfaction with France s mainstream parties, mirroring a trend that has spurred secessionist ambitions elsewhere in Europe, such as Catalonia.  Looking ahead, we could consider possible changes, and the prime minister has indicated this to Corsica s leaders,  Macron said in an interview published by Spanish daily El Mundo on Wednesday.   But these would come, as elsewhere, within the framework of the constitution. This republican framework does not allow us to say yes to certain demands, such as on residency rights or recognizing Coriscan as the official language alongside French.  Corsica s nationalists are split between those who seek greater autonomy and those who see full independence as the ultimate goal.  Corsica makes up two of France s 101  departments  - local administration areas. Unlike in Catalonia, its nationalists downplay any immediate ambitions for independence, saying the island - where Napoleon was born in 1769 - lacks the Spanish region s demographic and economic clout. While Macron did not say what he might be prepared to negotiate, it is the first time he has touched on the subject since the vote. France is a highly centralized state and Corsica s demands for more autonomy have often been met with irritation and a refusal to negotiate by past governments. ",1
11315,Macron opens door to changes in mainland-Corsica relationship,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron has said his government could consider changes in the relationship between mainland France and Corsica, which seeks greater autonomy, but ruled out new residency rights or recognition of Corsican as an official language. An alliance of Corsica s two main nationalist parties swept a local election on Dec. 10 and has been pressing for talks with Paris.  Its leaders want more autonomy on fiscal issues, an equal status for the French and Corsican languages, and the limiting of the right to buy property in some areas to people who have been resident on the holiday island for at least five years.  The two-party  Pe a Corsica  (For Corsica) alliance won nearly two thirds of seats in the local assembly election. Support for their cause is driven by dissatisfaction with France s mainstream parties, mirroring a trend that has spurred secessionist ambitions elsewhere in Europe, such as Catalonia.  Looking ahead, we could consider possible changes, and the prime minister has indicated this to Corsica s leaders,  Macron said in an interview published by Spanish daily El Mundo on Wednesday.   But these would come, as elsewhere, within the framework of the constitution. This republican framework does not allow us to say yes to certain demands, such as on residency rights or recognizing Coriscan as the official language alongside French.  Corsica s nationalists are split between those who seek greater autonomy and those who see full independence as the ultimate goal.  Corsica makes up two of France s 101  departments  - local administration areas. Unlike in Catalonia, its nationalists downplay any immediate ambitions for independence, saying the island - where Napoleon was born in 1769 - lacks the Spanish region s demographic and economic clout. While Macron did not say what he might be prepared to negotiate, it is the first time he has touched on the subject since the vote. France is a highly centralized state and Corsica s demands for more autonomy have often been met with irritation and a refusal to negotiate by past governments. ",1
11316,China says part of Hong Kong rail station to be subject to mainland laws,"BEIJING/HONG KONG (Reuters) - China s parliament on Wednesday said part of a high-speed railway station being built in Hong Kong would be regarded as mainland territory governed by mainland laws, an unprecedented move that critics say further erodes the city s autonomy. Hong Kong reverted from British to Chinese rule in 1997, when it was granted a high degree of autonomy under a  one country, two systems  arrangement, giving it a separate police force, immigration controls, an independent judiciary and freedoms not enjoyed in mainland China. China s largely rubber stamp parliament, the National People s Congress, voted to allow Chinese immigration checks and the enforcement of mainland Chinese laws within part of the station, so that after boarding the train in Hong Kong passengers would not need to get off the train for immigration checks at the Hong Kong-mainland border.  It is appropriate ... that the Mainland Port Area within the West Kowloon station would be regarded as belonging to mainland China,  according to the legislative document released by parliament on the decision.  Critics say the  co-location  arrangement, also known as  one land, two checks  in Chinese, sets a dangerous precedent as it violates the city s mini-constitution, the Basic Law, in which article 18 explicitly states national laws, with a few exceptions, do not apply in Hong Kong. But the document passed by parliament says since mainland officials  operations will be strictly confined to specific areas in the station, it is  different  from the article which governs the whole of Hong Kong.  Setting up a Mainland Port Area inside the West Kowloon station does not change the administrative area of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, does not affect the HKSAR s right to a high degree of autonomy accorded by the law, does not reduce or harm (Hong Kong) residents  rights and freedoms accorded by the law,  the document added. Li Fei, deputy secretary-general of parliament s standing committee, told reporters the decision would not take away Hong Kong people s freedoms.  If Hong Kongers don t feel comfortable, they can use another entry port and not take the high-speed train,  Li said. At a cost of more than HK$84 billion ($11 billion), the Express Rail Link will link up with the rest of China s high-speed rail network and roughly halve the journey time between Hong Kong and the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou to 48 minutes.  It is expected to be operational in the autumn on 2018.  The Hong Kong government said it would seek to put draft laws to its legislature by early February to implement the plan, but the bill is expected to be voted through without strong resistance after a series of controversial court cases stripped the opposition pro-democracy camp of its veto power. The prospect of Beijing tightening its grip on the financial hub has already stoked social tensions and protests including the 2014  Occupy  street demonstrations that demanded, in vain, full democracy for the city of 7.3 million. The abductions of a Hong Kong-based bookseller in 2015 who later showed up across the border in Chinese custody also touched a raw nerve.   The former head of Hong Kong s legislature and pro-establishment heavyweight, Jasper Tsang, wrote in a column last week that the government should  admit frankly  the arrangement does not comply with the Basic Law. Opposition lawmaker and barrister Tanya Chan, who leads a group against the arrangement, said the issue represents the  most serious violation of the Basic Law  since the 1997 handover.  What we re seeing is the Central Government exercising overall jurisdiction over Hong Kong,  Chan said.  What we see today is the (NPC) Standing Committee ruling Hong Kong, zero degree of autonomy.  Constitutional law professor Albert Chen said he believed the arrangement was based on  reasonable arguments  and did not violate the Basic Law. But it remained  a grey area  whether Hong Kong courts could handle judicial reviews that directly challenge Beijing s decision, he said.  Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam welcomed the decision, but conceded that there had been  complex issues of applicability of mainland and Hong Kong laws  for the project as it had been first conceived around a decade ago. She added that these complexities could not have been foreseen back then. ",1
11317,Vietnam jails 15 for plot to blow up airport: media,"HANOI (Reuters) - A Vietnamese court on Wednesday sentenced 15 people to multiple years in jail for plotting to bomb the country s biggest airport in the southern city of Ho Chi Minh, media reported.  The 15 were charged with  terrorism opposing the people s administration , the Phap Luat (The Law) newspaper reported. Terrorist acts can be punishable by death in Vietnam.  Police foiled the plot to bomb Tan Son Nhat airport after passengers spotted boxes which were later found to consist of  explosive devices, the newspaper said. Dang Hoang Thien, accused of making petrol bombs, was jailed for 16 years. Other defendants were given jail terms from five to 14 years. The court was not available outside office hours for comment. Vietnam government s official news website cited the court indictment as saying the team acted on instructions from an overseas group which had used social media to spread propaganda and recruit. Vietnam, one of the top 10 countries for Facebook users by numbers, has called for tougher internet controls and unveiled a military cyber unit to fight  wrong  views online.     ",1
11318,Russia to limit U.S. military observation flights: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow will limit the scope of U.S. military observation flights over Russia from Jan. 1 next year in retaliation for U.S. curbs on similar Russian flights over the United States, the RIA news agency reported on Wednesday.  The United States has accused Russia of flouting the Open Skies Treaty, an agreement designed to build confidence between the countries  militaries which entered into force in 2002, and said it plans to take measures against Moscow. The Wall Street Journal newspaper reported in September that this would include restricting Russian military flights over American territory in response to what it said was Moscow preventing U.S. observation flights over its heavily militarized Baltic exclave of Kaliningrad. The United States is reported to have been keen to restrict Russian flights over Alaska and Hawaii as well as limiting the distance of Russian observation flights. RIA on Wednesday cited Georgy Borisenko, a senior foreign ministry official, as saying Moscow would take reciprocal steps to respond to the new U.S. measures from Jan. 1 and limit the territory which U.S. observations flights can fly over. ",1
11319,Australian woman escapes the noose for drug trafficking in Malaysia,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - An Australian mother of three escaped the death penalty on Wednesday after a Malaysian court found her not guilty of drug trafficking.  Maria Elvira Pinto Exposto, 54, was found with more than 1 kg of methamphetamine in her backpack while in transit in Kuala Lumpur enroute to Melbourne from Shanghai in December 2014. Under Malaysian law, anyone found guilty of possessing more than 50 grams of illegal drugs is considered a trafficker and faces a mandatory death penalty.  The law was amended last month to do away with the mandatory death sentence, allowing judges to use their own discretion. But the changes have not yet come into effect. Exposto s lawyers said she was the victim of an internet romance scam and was lured into carrying a bag containing drugs unknowingly by a friend of her online boyfriend, who claimed to be a U.S. soldier serving in Afghanistan.   I agreed with the defense s argument that the accused had no knowledge of the drugs that were in her bag,  Judge Ghazali Cha said on Wednesday.  Exposto s conduct during her arrest showed  she was naive and her behavior was that of an innocent person,  he said.  The judge referred Exposto to Malaysia s immigration department for deportation.   I m happy now that I m free,  Exposto said in brief comments to reporters.  Three Australian nationals have been executed by Malaysia for drug trafficking: Kevin Barlow and Brian Chambers in 1986, and Michael McAuliffe in 1993.  ",1
11320,Hundreds sacked from Uzbek FinMin in 'rat' purge,"TASHKENT (Reuters) - Uzbekistan s Finance Ministry has sacked 562 employees after President Shavkat Mirziyoyev ordered it to root out inefficiency and get rid of what he had called  rats  tarnishing its reputation, the state news agency UzA reported on Wednesday. The purge followed criticism of the ministry by Mirziyoyev last week over what he described as a poorly drafted state budget, failure to finance important projects in various provinces and embellishing economic data. The ministry employs about 3,000 people and a further 13,000 in subordinate agencies such as the state pension fund. According to the UzA report, the sacked officials were holdovers from  a previous minister , a clear reference to Rustam Azimov, former minister of finance and deputy prime minister sacked by Mirziyoyev in June. The report did not identify Azimov by name. Mirziyoyev was elected president last December following the death in September 2016 of Islam Karimov, who had ruled the country since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. He has reshuffled the cabinet during his first year in power and implemented some economic reforms such as the liberalisation of foreign exchange regulations. Mirziyoyev named Djamshid Kuchkarov finance minister last month, replacing his previous appointee Botir Khodjayev who took over the Economy Ministry instead. ",1
11321,Japan says ties at risk if South Korea messes with 2015 'comfort women' deal,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Japan said on Wednesday any attempt by South Korea to revise a 2015 deal meant to have resolved a row over  comfort women  forced to work in Japan s wartime brothels would make relations  unmanageable  after Seoul said the agreement had failed. The two U.S. allies, which share a bitter history including Japanese colonizations, are key to international efforts to rein in North Korea s nuclear and missile programs that it pursues in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions.  South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha apologized for the controversial deal on Wednesday, as a panel investigating the negotiations leading up to the agreement unveiled its results. The investigation concluded that the dispute over the comfort women, a Japanese euphemism for the thousands of girls and women, many of them Korean, forced to work in wartime brothels, could not be  fundamentally resolved  because the victims  demand for legal compensation had not been met. South Korea wants Japan to take legal responsibility and provide due compensation. Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono said the 2015 settlement, which includes a 1 billion yen ($8.8 million) fund to help the victims, resulted from  legitimate negotiations , warning any amendment may complicate relations.  If (South Korea) tries to revise the agreement that is already being implemented, that would make Japan s ties with South Korea unmanageable and it would be unacceptable,  Kono said in a statement. Kang apologized for  giving wounds of the heart to the victims, their families, civil society that support them and all other people because the agreement failed to sufficiently reflect a victim-oriented approach, which is the universal standard in resolving human rights issues . Under the deal, endorsed by South Korean President Moon Jae-in s predecessor and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Japan apologized to former comfort women and provided the fund to help them.  They agreed the issue would be  irreversibly resolved  if both fulfilled their obligations.  Tokyo says the matter of compensation for the women was settled under a 1965 treaty. It says that in 2015, it agreed to provide the funds to help them heal  psychological wounds . The South Korean government will review the result of the investigation and translate it into policy after consulting victims and civic groups that support them, Kang said.  The comfort women issue has been a regular cause for contention between Japan and neighbors China and North and South Korea since the war. Japan colonized the Korean peninsula between 1910 and 1945 and occupied parts of China before and after the war.  (The Moon government) has said it will seek a two-track policy by separately dealing with the comfort women issue and the relationship in the face of North Korea s threats, but Japan may not agree with that , Lee Sung-hwan, a professor of Japanese studies in Keimyung University in South Korea, told Reuters. Japan wants South Korea to remove statues near the Japanese embassy in Seoul and the Japanese consulate in Busan city commemorating Korean comfort women. Seoul says the memorials were erected by civic groups and therefore out of its reach.  According to the investigation, however, the sides struck a separate, secret deal in which South Korea promised to persuade the groups to relocate the statues, provide no support for their overseas statue-raising campaign and refrain from calling the women  sex slaves  on the world stage.  In 2014, the U.N. Human Rights Committee requested Tokyo to clarify the  comfort women  euphemism, with an independent expert on the panel calling for it to be replaced with  enforced sex slaves .  Such an issue of universal value and historical awareness as that of comfort women cannot be resolved through short-term diplomatic negotiations and a political bargain,  said Oh Tai-kyu, a former journalist who led the investigation.  Andrew Horvat, a visiting professor at Josai International University in Japan, said that the pact was flawed from the beginning because it failed to produce real reconciliation.   The agreement was not reconciliation, but an agreement not to talk about it anymore , Horvat said.  ",1
11322,New York removes misleading nuclear fallout shelter signs,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York City has quietly begun removing some of the corroding yellow nuclear fallout shelter signs that were appended to thousands of buildings in the 1960s, saying many are misleading Cold War relics that no longer denote functional shelters. The small metal signs are a remnant of the anxieties over the nuclear arms race between the United States and the former Soviet Union, which prompted U.S. President John F. Kennedy to create the shelter program in 1961 in cities across the nation. The signs, with their simple design of three joined triangles inside a circle, became an emblem of the era. While some New Yorkers may barely notice them today, to others they can be an uneasy reminder that the threat may have altered and diminished, but it has not vanished. Although the Cold War era has long ended, North Korea continues working to develop nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States amid bellicose rhetoric from Washington and Pyongyang. A nuclear explosion is now seen as even less likely than during the Cold War. But should catastrophe ever strike, the signs, which still linger in their thousands, would be best ignored, city officials and disaster preparedness experts say.  In the aftermath of a nearby nuclear explosion, any survivors counting on the signs to lead them to safety from radioactive fallout after needlessly dashing outside would likely find themselves rattling locked doors or perhaps breaking into what is now a building s laundry room or bike-storage area. Maintenance of the shelter system, which once entailed federal funding to stock shelters with food and water, ended decades ago.  The removal of some of the signs from public school buildings, which has not previously been reported, is intended to partly reduce this potential confusion, according to the city s Department of Education. Michael Aciman, a department spokesman, confirmed that any designated fallout shelters created in the city s schools are no longer active and said that the department is aiming to finish unscrewing the signs from school walls by roughly Jan. 1. Although some of the tens of thousands of fallout shelter signs placed around the city by the federal government s Office of Civil Defense have vanished as old buildings have been renovated or demolished, city officials say this is the first coordinated effort to remove them. The Office of Civil Defense was eventually abolished in the 1970s, subsumed into the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). Aciman declined to say whether, given the signs are technically federal property, the U.S. government was consulted. But FEMA said it did not mind anyway.  FEMA does not have a position regarding the signs,  Jenny Burke, a FEMA spokeswoman, wrote in an email on Tuesday. Although the agency does not maintain lists of the old shelter locations, she added,  as a part of an ongoing planning effort, the agency is conducting research to retrieve Office of Civilian Defense records.      The city s removal appeared somewhat haphazard: on one Brooklyn street, a sign on a school photographed by Reuters this month was subsequently removed, while a second school a few blocks away still had its sign attached, albeit with a screw missing. As a history buff, Jeff Schlegelmilch is fond enough of the signs that he stuck a replica on his office door at Columbia University s National Center for Disaster Preparedness, where he is deputy director.  I love seeing the signs, but, as a disaster planner, they have to come down,  he said.  At best, they are ignored, at worst, they re misleading and are going to cost people s lives.  The consensus now, from the federal government downward, was that designated shelters were an outmoded concept, and updated contingency plans have been widely adopted since al Qaeda s attack on the United States on Sept. 11, 2001, Schlegelmilch said.  Were a nuclear explosion ever to happen, those far enough from the blast center to survive would do well to head to the lower interiors of any standard residential or commercial building, ideally a windowless basement, to shelter from radioactive particles outside, which can burn skin and cause serious illness and death. Cars, on the other hand,  are terrible,  Schlegelmilch said: the particles sail right through a vehicle s thin exterior. NYC Emergency Management, the agency that runs the city s disaster preparations, was not involved in the decision but staff there welcomed the signs  removal. Nancy Silvestri, the agency s press secretary, said even once the signs are gone from schools, many would remain on apartment buildings and other structures. City officials are uncertain who has jurisdiction over those, she said.  Eliot Calhoun, the agency s Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Planner, sees the signs as unhelpfully muddying the waters.  He has spent years endlessly finessing a message, designed to flash as an alert on cellphones, that he hopes he will never have to send. In the nerve center of the agency s Brooklyn headquarters,  he called up onto a screen its current form:  Nuclear explosion reported. Shelter in basement/center of building, close windows/doors.   Every single time I look at it I change it a little bit,  he said.  When you only have 90 characters and you re trying to save lives you can really think too much about it.  ",1
11323,Support slides for Merkel serving full term as coalition talks beckon,"BERLIN (Reuters) - If Angela Merkel becomes German chancellor again, nearly half of voters would want her to quit her term early, according to a poll offering a rare sign that domestic support for Europe s most influential leader may be waning. Merkel s conservatives won a national election in September, setting her up for a fourth stint in office. But they bled support to the far right, and talks on a three-way coalition with the Greens and the pro-business Free Democrats collapsed in November. Merkel is now pinning her hopes on cutting a deal with the center-left Social Democrats (SPD), who finished second in the election but have so far given a lukewarm response to the idea of renewing the  grand coalition  that governed Germany between 2013 and 2017. The YouGov survey, commissioned by Germany s DPA agency and published in Wednesday s Die Welt newspaper, showed 47 percent of respondents wanted Merkel to step aside before 2021, when her fourth term would end - up from 36 percent in a poll taken at the beginning of October. By contrast, 36 percent want her to serve a full four years, compared to 44 percent three months ago. The SPD, which lost ground among voters after the coalition with Merkel, has been reluctant to commit to a re-run as it looks to keep a skeptical rank and file on board.   SPD Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, a former leader of the party, adopted a tough tone on Wednesday in top-selling daily Bild.  If the chancellery continues to reject all the proposals for EU reform, there will be no coalition with the SPD,  he told the paper. The SPD s current leader, Martin Schulz, has championed deeper euro zone reform, calling for a United States of Europe by 2025. Gabriel also said the conservatives needed to reform the health system to close the gap between private and state care. An INSA poll in Bild put Merkel s conservatives up 2 points at 33 percent and the SPD down 0.5 percent at 20.5 percent. The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) which,  capitalizing on voters  fears about growing inequality and the impact on Germany of Europe s migrant crisis, entered parliament for the first time in September, was down 1 point at 13 percent. Many commentators have suggested the AfD would make gains if new elections were held due to a failure on Merkel s part to form a government. Merkel s conservatives and the SPD have said they will start exploratory coalition talks on Jan. 7. ",1
11324,"U.S., Germany urge China to release jailed activist","BEIJING (Reuters) - The United States and Germany called on China to immediately release a prominent human rights activist who was jailed for eight years on Tuesday for subversion, the harshest sentence passed in a recent crackdown on activism. Wu Gan, a blogger better known by his online name  Super Vulgar Butcher , regularly championed sensitive cases of government abuses of power, both online and in street protests. He was detained in May 2015 and charged with subversion. In a separate case, also on Tuesday, rights lawyer Xie Yang avoided criminal punishment despite being found guilty of inciting subversion, because he admitted to his crimes.  We call on the Chinese authorities to release Wu immediately,  the U.S. and Germany embassies in China said in a joint statement.  As Xie has been exempted from punishment, we urge China to allow Xie to resume his professional activities without preconditions and be free of any restrictions.  China s Foreign Ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but Beijing frequently denounces foreign concern about rights cases as an interference in internal affairs and says China is a country with rule of law. Wu, in a statement released by his lawyers late on Tuesday, said he considered the sentence an  honor  as it proved that he had not become a  slave  or  accomplice  to the China s  autocracy .  I got eight years, but I feel no grief or despair. This was my choice, because opposing autocracy means you are already on the road to jail,  Wu said in the statement.  I call on the international community to pay attention to China s deteriorating human rights situation,  he added. Wu s sentence was the most severe in what rights groups have called an unprecedented attack on rights activists and lawyers, known as the 709 crackdown, which began in full force on July 9, 2015. The hardline approach has shown no sign of softening as President Xi Jinping enters his second five-year term in office, and has drawn widespread concern in Western capitals. Germany has been particularly outspoken, to China s irritation. Speaking at a daily news briefing on Wednesday, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying expressed displeasure at comments last week by the German ambassador on China s failure to set up a previously agreed upon cyber consultation mechanism. China had, in fact, invited Germany to send representatives to talks, but the Germans kept putting China off, Hua told reporters. China hoped the ambassador stops saying such  irresponsible remarks , she added. ",1
11325,France's Macron presses Saudi king to lift Yemen blockade: Elysee source,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron called for a  complete lifting  of a blockade on Yemen in a telephone call with Saudi Arabia s King Salman on Dec. 24, an Elysee source said on Wednesday.  The president expressed his strong concerns about the humanitarian catastrophe in Yemen and called on the Saudi king to lift completely the blockade to allow humanitarian aid and commercial goods to enter Yemen,  the source said. The Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen said a week ago that it would keep the Houthi-controlled Hodeidah port - vital for aid - open for a month despite another missile attack against Riyadh, but it has kept up air raids.    ",1
11326,Foreign tourist numbers up 23 percent in Tunisia in 2017,"TUNIS (Reuters) - The number of foreign tourists in Tunisia rose by 23 percent in 2017 compared with the previous year, official data showed, indicating that a vital industry crippled two years ago by Islamist attacks is recovering. Tourism accounts for about 8 percent of Tunisia s gross domestic product, provides thousands of jobs and is a key source of foreign currency, but has struggled since two deadly militant attacks in 2015. A total of 6.731 million tourists visited the North African country in the year until Dec. 20, data provided by the presidency showed. The number of European tourists rose by 19.5 percent to 1.664 million, the data showed. The number of French visitors rose by 45.5 percent and the number of Germans by 40.8 percent in the same period. The number of Algerians visiting rose by 40.5 percent to 2.322 million. Tunisia s tourism revenues rose by 16.3 percent to 2.69 billion dinars ($1.09 billion), data showed. In 2010 Tunisia s tourism revenues had hit a record at 3.5 billion dinars with almost 7 million tourists visiting. The rise is helping the government weather an economic crisis as it plans to raise taxes from 2018, part of reforms agreed with the International Monetary Fund in return for a loan package. High unemployment has driven youth to seek illegal migration to Europe. ",1
11327,Russia accuses U.S. of training former Islamic State fighters in Syria,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The chief of the Russian General Staff has accused the United States of training former Islamic State fighters in Syria to try to destabilize the country. General Valery Gerasimov s allegations, made in a newspaper interview, center on a U.S. military base at Tanf, a strategic Syrian highway border crossing with Iraq in the south of the country. Russia says the U.S. base is illegal and that it and the area around it have become  a black hole  where militants operate unhindered. Islamic State has this year lost almost all the territory it held in Syria and Iraq. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday the main part of the battle with Islamic State in Syria was over, according to the state-run RIA news agency. The United States says the Tanf facility is a temporary base used to train partner forces to fight Islamic State. It has rejected similar Russian allegations in the past, saying Washington remains committed to killing off Islamic State and denying it safe havens. But Gerasimov told the daily Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper on Wednesday that the United States was training up fighters who were former Islamic State militants but who now call themselves the New Syrian Army or use other names. He said Russia satellites and drones had spotted militant  brigades at the U.S. base.  They are in reality being trained there,  Gerasimov said, saying there were also a large number of militants and former Islamic State fighters at Shadadi, where he said there was also a U.S. base.  They are practically Islamic State,  he said.  But after they are worked with, they change their spots and take on another name. Their task is to destabilize the situation.   Russia has partially withdrawn from Syria, but Gerasimov said the fact that Moscow was keeping an air base and naval facility there meant it was well placed to deal with pockets of instability if and when they arose. ",1
11328,Russia's Lavrov: main part of battle with Islamic State in Syria is over - RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday the main part of the battle with Islamic State in Syria was over, according to the state-run RIA news agency. RIA also quoted Lavrov as saying the key task in Syria now was to  destroy Jabhat al-Nusra,  referring to the al Qaeda-linked group known in English as Nusra Front. ",1
11329,Japan says revising comfort women agreement with South Korea unacceptable,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono said on Wednesday that any attempt to revise Tokyo s 2015 agreement with South Korea over   comfort women  forced to work in Japan s wartime military brothels would be unacceptable and make relations unmanageable. Kono s comment comes after his South Korean counterpart, Kang Kyung-wha, said the agreement failed to meet the needs of victims and apologized for the controversial deal.  The Japan-South Korea agreement is an agreement between the two governments and one that has been highly appreciated by international society,  Kono said in a written statement.  If the South Korean government ... tried to revise the agreement that is already being implemented, that would make Japan s ties with South Korea unmanageable and it would be unacceptable.      ",1
11330,Pakistan appoints economist to head finance ministry in run-up to election,"Karachi, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistan has appointed an economist, who was recently chairman of the board of investment, to take charge of the finance ministry after the former minister was relieved of his duties amid accusations of corruption. Miftah Ismail has been made an adviser to the prime minister for finance, with the status of a federal minister, the government said in a notification.  Although I will have stewardship of the Ministry of Finance for only 5 months, the prime minister has tasked me to help him implement a very ambitious agenda,  Ismail said in a post on Twitter. He was referring to general election due next year and widely expected in May, though no date has been fixed. The former fiance minister, Ishaq Dar, was relieved of his portfolio on Nov. 22 amid mounting headwinds for the $300 billion economy battling to stave off balance of payments pressures due to dwindling foreign currency reserves and a widening current account deficit. Dar, who was widely credited with navigating Pakistan out of a 2013 balance of payments crisis, is facing corruption charges in connection with accusations he amassed wealth beyond his known sources of income. Dar has denied all charges. He is receiving treatment in London for a heart condition. Ismail is a member of former prime minister Nawaz Sharif s political party, which is still the ruling party even though Sharif was ousted amid corruption allegations in July.  Sharif has also denied any wrongdoing. The party has been reluctant to allow the rupee to weaken ahead of elections as it may stoke inflation, though many investors and economists say a weaker rupee is needed to shore up lagging exports. Samiullah Tariq, director of research at Arif Habib Limited, said he expected Ismail would let the rupee soften if he though it necessary.  Basically, he s pro-business, if he feels that a stronger rupee is hindering exports, he will let it weaken,  Tariq told Reuters.  He has plans to introduce tax reforms, rationalize tax rates, create a scheme to release refunds and initiate a scheme to bring back and declare foreign assets owned by Pakistanis,   Tariq added.  ",1
11331,Turkey detains 54 former university staff in Gulen-related operation: Anadolu,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police have detained 54 staff from a university shut down after an attempted coup last year that was blamed on U.S.-based Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen, state-run Anadolu news agency said on Wednesday. It said the police had arrest warrants for a total of 171 academics and staff from Istanbul s former Fatih University, which was regarded as having close ties to Gulen. The cleric has denied any involvement in the failed putsch of July 15, 2016. Fatih University was shut under a state decree following the coup attempt and Anadolu said staff there were found to have been users of ByLock, an encrypted messaging application which the government says was commonly used by Gulen s supporters. Since the coup attempt more than 50,000 people, including civil servants and security personnel, have been jailed pending trial and some 150,000 suspended or dismissed from their jobs. Rights groups say the crackdown has been exploited to muzzle dissent. The government says the measures have been necessary due to the security threats which has Turkey faced since the putsch, in which 250 people were killed. ",1
11332,"Japanese woman, confined by parents for years, found frozen to death: police","TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese police said on Wednesday they have arrested a couple whose 33-year-old daughter froze to death in a tiny room where they had confined her for years because they believed she had a form of mental illness that made her violent. Western Japan s Osaka Prefectural Police Department said Airi Kakimoto s body was found in a state of extreme malnutrition after her parents reported the death on Saturday. She was 145 cm (4.76 ft) tall and weighed just 19 kg (42 lb). Police said Yasutaka Kakimoto, 55, and Yukari Kakimoto, 53, had confessed that they fed their daughter only once a day and kept her in a 3-square-metre room for some 15 years.  Our daughter was mentally ill and, from age 16 or 17, she became violent, so we kept her inside the room,  police quoted her parents as saying. People with mental and physical disabilities and their families can still suffer stigma and shame in Japan despite some changes in public attitudes. Police said the parents added the small room - fitted with a camera and a double door that could only be unlocked from the outside - to their house and equipped it with a makeshift toilet and tube to a water tank outside. About 10 surveillance cameras were installed outside the single-storey home, which was surrounded by a 2-metre high fence, police said. The parents found their daughter dead on Dec. 18 but they reported the death Saturday.  We wanted to be together with our daughter,  police quoted them as saying. Police said the couple were arrested on suspicion of illegally disposing of a body, a step that often precedes more serious charges. ",1
11333,"China's Communist Party to discuss amending constitution, graft fight","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s ruling Communist Party will meet next month to discuss amending the constitution and to talk about the ongoing fight against graft, state media said on Wednesday, ahead of March s expected passing of a new anti-corruption law. Fighting deeply ingrained graft has been a key policy plank for President Xi Jinping in his first term in office, and that battle will take on a new hue with the setting up of the National Supervision Commission as he begins his second term. Trial work has already begun for that commission, which is likely to be formally codified in law in March at the meeting of China s largely rubber stamp parliament. The new body will take over from the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI) and merge multiple anti-graft units into a single body. It will also expand the graft campaign s purview to include employees at state-backed institutions rather than just party members. In a short report, Xinhua news agency said the party s politburo, one of its elite ruling bodies, had met and decided to hold two important meetings next month - one on amending the state constitution and the other specifically on fighting corruption. Xinhua gave no details of what the constitutional amendment might entail, but Chinese legal scholars have said the country needs to amend its constitution before it can set up the new supervision commission to ensure there is a proper constitutional basis for its powers. The constitution clearly defines China s top political institutions, such as the judiciary and the prosecutor, in order to grant them state power and changes need to be made to these definitions to make room for a similarly powerful supervision system, scholars argue. The party will discuss the amendment, or amendments, at a plenum next month, Xinhua said without giving an exact date or saying whether it was one amendment or more. The constitution, which is different from the party constitution, was last amended in 2004 to include guarantees to protect private property and human rights. The other meeting, a full session of the anti-corruption watchdog the CCDI, will be held from Jan. 11-13, the report added, again without giving details. Xi has vowed that his war against graft will not ease until officials at all levels dare not, cannot and do not want to be corrupt. Xi told top party leaders in October revision of the anti-graft architecture would include the scrapping of a controversial  shuanggui  system of secret interrogations, and the introduction of a new detention system. The latest draft of the new Supervision Law, unveiled last week, adds protections for graft suspects as part of efforts to revise the interrogation system. ",1
11334,Cambodia's Hun Sen vows to stay in power for at least another 10 years,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen vowed to extend his more than 30 years in power by at least another decade on Wednesday, weeks after the highest court dissolved the main opposition party ahead of a 2018 general election. The Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) was dissolved in November at the request of Hun Sen s government, signaling what one rights group called the  death knell  for democracy in the Southeast Asian country. Hun Sen, a former Khmer Rouge cadre who defected from the genocidal group and helped drive it from power in 1979, is credited with helping Cambodia achieve economic growth but has also been criticized for his crackdown on civil society groups and the media. China, Cambodia s biggest backer, has said it supports the government s attempts to maintain Cambodia s national security. At a speech given to thousands of garment workers on Wednesday at a pagoda on the outskirts of Phnom Penh, Hun Sen said he would stay in power for another two terms and asked workers to vote for his Cambodian People s Party (CPP).  I will continue to be the elected Prime Minister for another two mandates which is not less than 10 years,  Hun Sen said.   I hope that you as well as your parents and grandparents, if they are alive, and your families continue to vote, to support CPP on July 29, 2018.  Garments are Cambodia s biggest export by far and garment workers are a politically powerful group. In 2016, garment exports were worth $6.3 billion and reached $4.9 billion in the first seven months of 2017. Hun Sen has been courting garment workers ahead of the vote. He has promised money for female workers who give birth, among other things.  You have to remember that if you want to keep jobs ... you should not give opportunity to anyone, including Cambodians and foreigners, to destroy peace,  Hun Sen said. Concerns about the impact of next year s election and competition from lower-cost Asian rivals will slow the growth of Cambodia s garment industry next year, the main manufacturers  group said earlier this month. ",1
11335,Haiti's ex-prime minister banned from travel amid corruption probe,"PORT-AU-PRINCE (Reuters) - Haitian authorities said on Tuesday a former prime minister and top official have been banned from leaving the country as prosecutors lead a corruption probe in which 12 people, including government officials, have been arrested.      Former Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive, who served from 2009 to 2011, and former justice minister Camille Edouard Jr., who served in 2016, cannot travel abroad while an investigation proceeds into corruption-related charges, Haiti s prosecutor Clame-Ocnam Dameus said.  Bellerive, who was premier during a catastrophic earthquake, was ordered to remain within Haiti by a judge who is investigating the 2009 disappearance of a public procurement official and the 2012 death of a construction manager allegedly connected to the case.  Bellerive denied any connection to either incident, or to other acts of corruption.   I believe all this is part of a political lynching,  he told Reuters.  No one can show me where I ve enriched myself or acquired unjustified properties.  Corruption has plagued Haiti for generations and President Jovenel Moise has pledged to fight it as a way to improve the impoverished Caribbean country s social and economic development. Dameus said Edouard could potentially face charges of money laundering as well as misappropriation of public funds and properties.  Edouard did not respond to a request for comment.  The dozen others arrested between November and December, a group comprised mostly of government officials, face corruption charges that include the misappropriation of public funds, Dameus said. ",1
11336,"Get used to drills, China tells Taiwan; Taipei says it seeks peace","BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan will gradually get used to Chinese air force drills that encircle the island, China said on Wednesday, while Taiwan s premier reiterated the self-ruled island s desire for peaceful relations with its giant neighbor. China considers democratic Taiwan to be its sacred territory and has never renounced the use of force to bring what it views as a wayward province under Chinese control. It has taken an increasingly hostile stance toward Taiwan since Tsai Ing-wen, from the island s pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party, won presidential elections last year and has stepped up its rhetoric and military exercises. Beijing suspects her of pushing for the island s formal independence, a red line for China. Tsai says she wants peace with China, but also that she will defend Taiwan s security and way of life. Chinese state media has given broad coverage to  island encirclement  exercises near Taiwan this month, including showing pictures of Chinese bomber aircraft with what they said was Taiwan s highest peak, Yushan, visible in the background. Asked about the continuing drills and the footage released by the air force, China s policy-making Taiwan Affairs Office said it and the defense ministry had repeatedly described the exercises as routine.  Everyone will slowly get used it,  spokesman An Fengshan told a routine news briefing, without elaborating.    China s air force has carried out 16 rounds of exercises close to Taiwan in the past year or so, Taiwan s defense ministry said in a white paper this week. China s military threat was growing by the day, it warned. Proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being run by autocratic China, and Taiwan s government has accused Beijing of not understanding democracy when it criticizes Taipei. Taiwan Premier William Lai told a year-end news conference in Taipei that the United States, Japan and South Korea were all paying close attention to the activities of China s air force. Lai said his government would take its lead from the president, who was in charge of relations across the Taiwan Strait.  Under the president s leadership the Executive Yuan pushes forward government affairs, stabilizing cross-strait relations toward peaceful development,  Lai said, using the formal name for Taiwan s cabinet. ",1
11337,Romanian ruling lawmakers propose looser anti-graft rules,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania s ruling Social Democrats have filed a slew of new changes to the criminal code that would decriminalize several graft offences, including some abuse of office crimes, their second attempt this year to weaken a crackdown on corruption. Transparency International ranks Romania as one of the European Union s most corrupt states and Brussels keeps its justice system under special monitoring, although it has praised magistrates for their efforts to root out high-level graft. A draft bill released on Tuesday showed a group of Social Democrat lawmakers are proposing that abuse of office offences that cause financial damage of less than 200,000 euros ($237,100) should no longer be punishable. Other changes include serving prison sentences of less than three years at home, lower sentences for bribe taking and other graft crimes, as well as decriminalizing taking a bribe for someone other than the accused. Another proposal would make using one s position to obtain sexual favors no longer a crime.  If approved, the changes would put an end to an ongoing trial of Social Democrat Party leader and lower house speaker Liviu Dragnea, who is accused of abuse of office.  Dozens of lawmakers and mayors across all parties stand to benefit from the changes. Romania s anti-corruption prosecution unit has sent 72 members of parliament to trial since 2006.  A similar attempt to decriminalize some abuse of office crimes triggered the country s largest street protests in decades at the start of 2017. The ruling coalition backed down at the time but has revived the proposals. Earlier this month, the ruling coalition has used its overwhelming parliament majority to approve a judicial overhaul that puts magistrates under political control. They have also filed a different set of proposals to change the criminal code that could derail law and order. Thousands of magistrates, centrist President Klaus Iohannis, the European Commission, the U.S. State Department and seven EU states have all criticized both the approved bills and the criminal code proposals. The Social Democrats and their junior coalition partner ALDE have denied the changes would affect the independence of the judiciary and have stressed that parliament has the right to legislate however it sees fit. The proposed changes place Romania alongside its eastern European peers Hungary and Poland, where populist leaders are also trying to control the judiciary, in defying EU concerns over the rule of law. ",1
11338,39 injured in fireworks explosion at Cuban festival on Christmas Eve,"HAVANA (Reuters) - A fireworks explosion injured 39 people, including six children between the ages of 11 and 15, during a popular Cuban carnival on Christmas Eve, state-run media reported on Monday. The centuries-old Parrandas festival in the central town of Remedios takes place every Dec. 24 and draws thousands of Cubans and some tourists.  An unfortunate accident with fireworks occurred last night in Remedios,  the government s Cubadebate internet news service reported. Among the more than 20 seriously injured, according to  Cubadebate, health authorities said some were in  very grave, some less grave, and others in critical and very critical condition.   All the injured appeared to be local residents, and the report did not mention that any tourists were hurt. Remedios is located in Villa Clara province on the northern coast of the island. Two of the town s neighborhoods compete on Christmas Eve each year to put on the most spectacular show with floats and fireworks amidst a carnival atmosphere. The cause of the explosion was under investigation, according to official media. ",1
11339,Venezuelans scramble to survive as merchants demand dollars,"CARACAS/CIUDAD GUAYANA, Venezuela (Reuters) - There was no way Jose Ramon Garcia, a food transporter in Venezuela, could afford new tires for his van at $350 each. Whether he opted to pay in U.S. currency or in the devalued local bolivar currency at the equivalent black market price, Garcia would have had to save up for years. Though used to expensive repairs, this one was too much and put him out of business.  Repairs cost an arm and a leg in Venezuela,  said the now-unemployed 42-year-old Garcia, who has a wife and two children to support in the southern city of Guayana.  There s no point keeping bolivars.  For a decade and a half, strict exchange controls have severely limited access to dollars. A black market in hard currency has spread in response, and as once-sky-high oil revenue runs dry, Venezuela s economy is in free-fall.  The practice adopted by gourmet and design stores in Caracas over the last couple of years to charge in dollars to a select group of expatriates or Venezuelans with access to greenbacks is fast spreading.  Food sellers, dental and medical clinics, and others are starting to charge in dollars or their black market equivalent - putting many basic goods and services out of reach for a large number of Venezuelans.  According to the opposition-led National Assembly, November s rise in prices topped academics  traditional benchmark for hyperinflation of more than 50 percent a month - and could end the year at 2,000 percent. The government has not published inflation data for more than a year.  I can t think in bolivars anymore, because you have to give a different price every hour,  said Yoselin Aguirre, 27, who makes and sells jewelry in the Paraguana peninsula and has recently pegged prices to the dollar.  To survive, you have to dollarize.  The socialist government of the late president Hugo Chavez in 2003 brought in the strict controls in order to curb capital flight, as the wealthy sought to move money out of Venezuela after a coup attempt and major oil strike the previous year. Oil revenue was initially able to bolster artificial exchange rates, though the black market grew and now is becoming unmanageable for the government.   President Nicolas Maduro has maintained his predecessor s policies on capital controls. Yet, the spread between the strongest official rate, of some 10 bolivars per dollar, and the black market rate, of around 110,000 per dollar, is now huge.  While sellers see a shift to hard currency as necessary, buyers sometimes blame them for speculating. Rafael Vetencourt, 55, a steel worker in Ciudad Guayana, needed a prostate operation priced at $250.   We don t earn in dollars. It s abusive to charge in dollars!  said Vetencourt, who had to decimate his savings to pay for the surgery. In just one year, Venezuela s currency has weakened 97.5 per cent against the greenback, meaning $1,000 of local currency purchased then would be worth just $25 now. Maduro blames black market rate-publishing websites such as DolarToday for inflating the numbers, part of an  economic war  he says is designed by the opposition and Washington to topple him. On Venezuela s borders with Brazil and Colombia, the prices of imported oil, eggs and wheat flour vary daily in line with the black market price for bolivars.  In an upscale Caracas market, cheese-filled arepas, the traditional breakfast made with corn flour, increased 65 percent in price in just two weeks, according to tracking by Reuters reporters. In the same period, a kilogram of ham jumped a whopping 171 percent. The runaway prices have dampened Christmas celebrations, which this season were characterized by shortages of pine trees and toys, as well as meat, chicken and cornmeal for the preparation of typical dishes. In one grim festive joke, a Christmas tree in Maracaibo, the country s oil capital and second city, was decorated with virtually worthless low-denomination bolivar bills. Most Venezuelans, earning just $5 a month at the black market rate, are nowhere near being able to save hard currency.  How do I do it? I earn in bolivars and have no way to buy foreign currency,  said Cristina Centeno, a 31-year-old teacher  who, like many, was seeking remote work online before Christmas in order to bring in some hard currency. ",1
11340,"Trump on Twitter (Dec 26) - Hillary Clinton, Tax Cut Bill","The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS.  The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy.  @realDonaldTrump : - Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare, the Democrats & Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan! [0658 EST] - WOW, @foxandfrlends  Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.  And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign! [0824 EST] - All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS! [17:17 EST] -- Source link: (bit.ly/2jBh4LU) (bit.ly/2jpEXYR) ",1
11341,Argentina judge says death of prosecutor Nisman was murder,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Alberto Nisman, the Argentine prosecutor who was found dead days after accusing former President Cristina Fernandez of covering up Iran s role in the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center, was murdered, a federal judge said on Tuesday. In a 656-page ruling, judge Julian Ercolini said there was sufficient proof to conclude that the shot to the head that killed Nisman in January 2015 was not self-inflicted. That marked the first time any judge has said the case was a murder. Fernandez and others had suggested the death was a suicide, but a prosecutor investigating the case last year recommended it be pursued as a murder probe.  Nisman s death could not have been a suicide,  Ercolini wrote in Tuesday s ruling, which also charged Diego Lagomarsino, a former employee of Nisman s, with accessory to murder. Lagomarsino has acknowledged lending Nisman the gun that killed him the day before he was to appear before Congress to detail his allegation against Fernandez. But he has said Nisman asked him for the gun to protect himself and his family. Fernandez, now a senator, was indicted for treason earlier this month over Nisman s allegations that she worked behind the scenes to clear Iran of blame for the attack on the AMIA Jewish center, which killed 85 people, in an effort to normalize relations and clinch a 2013 grains-for-oil deal with Tehran. Human rights groups and the former head of Interpol have criticized that indictment. Tehran has denied links to the attack. ",1
11342,Syrian army and Iranian proxies demand surrender of rebels near Israel border,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Syrian rebels pinned down in a strategic area where the Israeli and Lebanese borders meet with Syria were handed an ultimatum by the Syrian army and its Iranian-backed militia allies to either surrender or face certain military defeat, rebels said on Tuesday. The Syrian army backed by local militias financed and equipped by Iran alongside Druze fighters from the area have been escalating a fierce assault against Sunni rebels in an enclave in the foothills of Mount Hermon, close to both the Israeli and Lebanese borders.  They were given 72 hours to surrender with fighters to go to Idlib or those who want to stay have to reach a settlement,  said Ibrahim al-Jebawi, a Free Syrian Army (FSA) official familiar with the situation on the ground. Another rebel official who asked not to be named said they were told either to  surrender or a military solution.  The rebels have now been left encircled in Beit Jin, their main stronghold after losing strategic hills and farms around it this week after over two months of near daily shelling and aerial strikes. Iran-backed Lebanon s Hezbollah s media unit said insurgents had agreed to negotiate surrender terms and said negotiations had already begun over their evacuation in the next few days to rebel-held Idlib. The Syrian army has used similar tactics of pushing opponents to rebel areas further from the Syrian capital after a twin tactic of siege and months of strikes on residential areas. There were also more than 8,000 civilians who have been trapped in the remaining enclaves with their plight worsening, according to rebel spokesman Sohaib Alraheel. Israel, which Syria accuses of helping the rebels, is alarmed at the growing Iranian military influence in the Golan Heights and has stepped up its strikes against pro-Iranian targets inside Syria. Israel has been lobbying both big powers to deny Iran, Lebanon s Hezbollah and other Shi ite militias any permanent bases in Syria, and to keep them away from the Golan, as they gain ground while helping Damascus beat back Sunni-led rebels. Early this month there was an Israeli strike on a base near Kiswah, south of Damascus, that was widely believed to be an Iranian military compound, a Western intelligence source said. Hezbollah s bastion in southern Lebanon is only a few kms from the rebel enclave, and securing a supply line from its stronghold into Syria s Quneitra province was a major strategic gain, rebels and defense analysts say.  Now Hezbollah will have a bigger foothold on the Syrian side of the Golan and it is desperate to link this area with southern Lebanon,  al-Jebawi added. Israel had warned Hezbollah against trying to open a front in the Golan Heights and was believed to be behind the killing a prominent commander in an air strike in 2015 whom the group later admitted had overseen a local Hezbollah presence in the area.  This is an effort by Iran and its proxy Hezbollah to expand the lines of engagement with Israel. The question is will Israel allow that?  said Fayez al Dweiri, a retired Jordanian general who follows Syria closely. ",1
11343,Egypt wants outside experts to help settle Nile dispute,"ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - Egypt said on Tuesday it had suggested to Ethiopia and Sudan that they all call in international experts to help settle a dispute on an Ethiopian dam project on the river Nile. Egypt fears the hydroelectric scheme will restrict the waters flowing down from Ethiopia s highlands, through the deserts of Sudan to its fields and reservoirs. Ethiopia, which wants to become Africa s biggest power exporter, says it will have no such impact. Ministers from Ethiopia and Egypt met on Tuesday to try to resolve a disagreement over the wording of a report on the environmental impact of the $4-billion Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam, which is still being built.  But Egypt s Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry said they had not managed to reach a breakthrough since the three nations last met in November.  From a practical perspective, we have to recognize that technical deliberations ... have not (yielded) sufficient results to enable the process to move forward,  Shoukry told journalists after the meeting in Addis Ababa. He suggested the countries call in outside experts, without going into details. Officials who took part in the sessions said Egypt had suggested involving an international body such as the World Bank. Ethiopia s foreign minister, Workneh Gebeyehu, told the same press conference he was looking for a win-win situation, but did not comment on the Egyptian proposal. Countries that share the river have argued over the use of its waters for decades - and analysts have repeatedly warned that the disputes could eventually boil over into conflict. Sudan and Ethiopia say Egypt has refused to accept amendments that they had put forward to the environmental report. Another source of disagreement is whether Ethiopia should be allowed to complete construction of the dam before the negotiations over ensuring water flows have finished. Egyptian officials say this would violate an agreement signed by all three countries in 2015 meant to ensure diplomatic cooperation. ",1
11344,Brazil declares top Venezuelan diplomat persona non-grata,"SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazil s government will declare Venezuela s charg  d affaires persona non-grata, stripping him of his diplomatic status, Brazil s foreign affairs ministry told Reuters on Tuesday. The move to cease official recognition of Gerardo Antonio Delgado Maldonado follows Venezuela s expulsion of Brazil s diplomatic envoy over the weekend. ",1
11345,Families chased from Libyan town in 2011 can go home: government,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libyan families displaced from a town ransacked after the toppling of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 will be allowed to return home in February, the U.N.-backed government said on Tuesday after more than a year of negotiations. The deal, if implemented, would be a step toward reconciliation in the North African oil producing country, which is heavily divided between competing factions, communities, tribes and governments since 2011. Residents of the town of Tawergha were expelled by former anti-Gaddafi rebels in 2011 in retaliation for the strongman having used their settlement as a launch pad for attacks on the western city of Misrata during the uprising.  They have been living in camps and makeshift settlements in poverty across Libya and were banned from returning home. They faced abuse and arbitrary arrest since videos surfaced purportedly showing some of them joining Gaddafi forces in 2011.  Within the frame of achieving the national reconciliation ... as well as to develop the basics of state of law and institutions, I declare today the beginning of return of Tawergha families to their town on the first of February,  the Tripoli-based Prime Minister Fayez Seraj said in a statement. The town, which is east of Misrata, has been a ghost town since it was looted by Misrata forces in 2011. Some 40,000 people were displaced, according to Human Rights Watch s website. The government will pay compensation to the relatives of those who were killed and to those who had been detained, wounded or whose homes were destroyed in the conflict, it said. A spokesman for the Misrata city council confirmed the deal, saying it was up to the government to implement it. ",1
11346,"India says Pakistan mistreated visiting wife of convicted spy, seized her shoes","NEW DELHI, ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - India denounced Pakistan on Tuesday over the treatment of the family of an Indian man sentenced to death for spying, saying they had been harassed during a visit, a charge Pakistan called  baseless . Among other things, the Indian government accused the Pakistani authorities of refusing to return the shoes of the visiting wife of Kulbhushan Sudhir Jadhav after she turned them over to security for the visit. Jadhav, a former officer in the Indian navy, was arrested in March 2016 in the Pakistani province of Baluchistan, where there has been a long-running conflict between security forces and separatists, and he was convicted of planning espionage and sabotage. His wife and mother were allowed to see him behind a glass window on Monday, eight months after he was sentenced to death, but that gesture of goodwill appeared to have quickly descended into acrimony. Ties between the nuclear-armed neighbors are in a deep chill and Jadhav s case has added to long-running tensions, with each accusing the other of supporting cross-border violence.  Indian foreign ministry spokesman Raveesh Kumar said Jadhav s family had been subjected to harassment when they arrived to see him.  The Pakistani press was allowed on multiple occasions to approach family members closely, harass and hector them and hurl false and loaded accusations about (Shri) Jadhav,  Kumar said in a statement. Pakistan s foreign ministry rejected the accusations.  The Indian baseless allegations and twists ... about the visit of the wife and mother of Commander Jadhav, a convicted terrorist and spy, who has confessed to his crimes, are categorically rejected,  it said. The Pakistani statement added that it had kept both Pakistani, Indian and international media  at a safe distance, as requested by India . Pakistan authorities say Jadhav confessed to being assigned by India s intelligence service to plan, coordinate and organise espionage and sabotage activities in Baluchistan  aiming to destabilise and wage war against Pakistan . India says Jadhav is innocent, and it won an injunction from the World Court to delay his execution, arguing he was denied diplomatic assistance during his trial by a military court. On Monday, Pakistan released a picture of Jadhav s mother, Avanti, and wife, Chetankul, seated at a desk and speaking to him from behind the glass partition. Islamabad said it had honored its commitment to give access to the family.  But India said Jadhav s mother was not allowed to speak in her native Marathi language and was frequently interrupted during the meeting.  Kumar said the two women had been asked to remove the red dot that Hindus wear as well as their jewelry and shoes during security screenings, adding that Pakistani authorities had refused to return the shoes that Jadhav s wife had worn. The Pakistani foreign ministry rebuttal did not address the report of the missing shoes. India and Pakistan often accuse each other of spying, and several people have been held in prisons for years in both countries, some on death row, to be used as bargaining chips in their troubled relationship. ",1
11347,"Twenty-eight arrests after Venezuela looting, violence","PUERTO ORDAZ, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan authorities said on Tuesday they had arrested 28 people in southern Bolivar state for looting and disorder over Christmas in the latest unrest during a severe economic crisis. There have been scattered protests and roadblocks around the South American OPEC nation in recent days over food shortages, power-cuts, high prices and fuel rationing.  Local chamber of commerce head Florenzo Schettino told Reuters 10 businesses - mostly liquor stores - were looted as dark fell on Christmas Day in Bolivar, which has seen unrest at various points over the last four years of brutal recession.  In the western Andean states, police and soldiers were guarding gas stations, where there were large lines and customers were only allowed to fill up 35 liters per vehicle.  We re wasting so much time ... The government is testing people s patience,  said bus driver Pedro Pina, waiting for hours to buy fuel in Barinas state. Critics blame President Nicolas Maduro and the ruling Socialist Party for Venezuela s economic mess, saying they have persisted with failed statist policies for too long, while turning a blind eye to rampant corruption and inefficiency. The government says it is the victim of an  economic war  by political opponents and right-wing foreign powers, intent on bringing down Maduro in a coup.   This can only be reversed with deep economic reforms,  said opposition legislator and economist Angel Alvarado. In western Zulia state, several hundred thousand people were plunged into darkness on Christmas Eve, sparking fury among those who had scraped together money and hunted for products throughout the day to prepare a traditional family dinner.  I spent the whole day stressed out - and then the lights went off. What a pathetic Christmas,  said Lilibeth Rodriguez, 40, whose family gathering was ruined.    ",1
11348,Forty-four Venezuelan activists released from prison: rights group,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan authorities have so far released 44 opponents of the socialist government from prison over Christmas, but scores more remain in prison, a rights group said on Tuesday. President Nicolas Maduro s administration said it is freeing about 80 jailed activists in all, but giving them alternative punishments such as community service for crimes from violence to subversion during protests in 2014 and 2017. Opponents say those being released - and the nearly 200 others still detained - are pawns of a  dictatorship  that unjustly punishes protest and dissent. The local Penal Forum group confirmed 44 people have been released since Dec. 23, but criticized the government for manipulating their cases for political gain.  Thirteen of those released were paraded in front of television cameras at a meeting with a senior official, Delcy Rodriguez, who harangued them but also wished them a happy Christmas. The releases came days before Venezuela s government and opposition were due to resume stuttering mediation talks in the Dominican Republic in early January. ",1
11349,"North Korea likely to pursue talks, South says in rosy New Year forecast","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea predicted on Tuesday that North Korea would look to open negotiations with the United States next year in an optimistic outlook for 2018, even as Seoul set up a specialized military team to confront nuclear threats from the North. The U.N. Security Council unanimously imposed new, tougher sanctions on reclusive North Korea on Friday for its recent intercontinental ballistic missile test, a move the North branded an economic blockade and act of war.  North Korea will seek negotiation with United States, while continuing to pursue its effort to be recognized as a de facto nuclear-possessing country,  South Korea s Unification Ministry said in a report, without offering any reasons for its conclusion. The Ministry of Defence said it would assign four units to operate under a new official overseeing North Korea policy, aimed to  deter and respond to North Korea s nuclear and missile threat . Tensions have risen over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, which it pursues in defiance of years of U.N. Security Council resolutions, with bellicose rhetoric coming from both Pyongyang and the White House. U.S. diplomats have made clear they are seeking a diplomatic solution but President Donald Trump has derided talks as useless and said Pyongyang must commit to giving up its nuclear weapons before any talks can begin. In a statement carried by the official KCNA news agency, North Korea said the United States was terrified by its nuclear force and was getting  more and more frenzied in the moves to impose the harshest-ever sanctions and pressure on our country . China, the North s lone major ally, and Russia both supported the latest U.N. sanctions, which seek to limit the North s access to refined petroleum products and crude oil and its earnings from workers abroad, while on Monday Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying called for all countries to ease tension. On Tuesday, Beijing released customs data indicating China exported no oil products to North Korea in November, apparently going over and beyond U.N. sanctions.  China, the main source of North Korea s fuel, did not export any gasoline, jet fuel, diesel or fuel oil to its neighbor last month, data from the General Administration of Customs showed. China also imported no iron ore, coal or lead from North Korea in November. In its 2018 forecast, South Korea s Unification Ministry said it believed the North would eventually find ways to blunt the effects of the sanctions.  Countermeasures will be orchestrated to deal with the effects, including cuts in trade volume and foreign currency inflow, lack of supplies, and reduced production in each part of the economy,  the report said. The latest round of sanctions was prompted by the Nov. 29 test of what North Korea said was an intercontinental ballistic missile that put the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. The Joongang Ilbo Daily newspaper, citing an unnamed South Korean government official, reported on Tuesday that North Korea could also be preparing to launch a satellite into space. Experts have said such launches are likely aimed at further developing the North s ballistic missile technology, and as such would be prohibited under U.N. resolutions.  The North Korean Rodong Sinmun newspaper said on Monday saying that  peaceful space development is a legitimate right of a sovereign state . North Korea regularly threatens to destroy South Korea, the United States and Japan, and says its weapons are necessary to counter U.S. aggression. The United States stations 28,500 troops in the South, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War, and regularly carries out military exercises with the South, which the North sees as preparations for invasion. ",1
11350,U.S. sanctions two North Korean officials over missile program,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Tuesday announced sanctions on two North Korean officials for their roles in developing the country s ballistic missiles, the latest step in a campaign to press Pyongyang to give up its nuclear and missile programs.  The U.S. Treasury named the officials as Kim Jong Sik and Ri Pyong Chol. It said Kim was reportedly a key figure in North Korea s efforts to switch its missile program from liquid to solid fuel, while Ri was reported to be a key official involved in the country s intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) development.  Treasury is targeting leaders of North Korea s ballistic missile programs, as part of our maximum pressure campaign to isolate (North Korea) and achieve a fully denuclearized Korean Peninsula,  Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in a statement.  These actions follow Friday s United Nations Security Council Resolution, which imposed strong new sanctions on North Korea further shutting down its ability to raise illicit funds.  The U.N. Security Council imposed new sanctions on North Korea last week over a recent ICBM test. The sanctions sought to limit the country s access to refined petroleum products and crude oil and its earnings from workers abroad. North Korea, which has been working to develop nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States, declared those steps to be an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic blockade against the country. ",1
11351,"Syria says military jet downed in northern Hama, pilot killed","AMMAN (Reuters) - Syria s armed forces said insurgents downed a military jet in northern Hama province on Tuesday, killing the pilot. Militant group Tahrir al Sham - a fighting force dominated by members of Al Qaeda s former branch in Syria - said it hit the plane. A source said the militants were searching for another pilot they believed had survived the crash. Syria s air force and army, supported by Russian air power and Iranian-backed militias, have stepped up an offensive in Hama in recent weeks, pushing north toward the rebel stronghold of Idlib. Aid workers and witnesses say dozens of civilians have been killed in towns and villages away from the front lines. ",1
11352,"Attack on Libyan crude pipeline cuts output by up to 100,000 bpd","BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Armed men blew up a pipeline pumping crude oil to Es Sider port on Tuesday, cutting Libya s output by up to 100,000 barrels per day (bpd), military and oil sources said. The state-run National Oil Corporation (NOC) said in statement output had been reduced by 70,000-100,000 bpd. The cause of the blast was unclear, it added. The attackers arrived at the site near Marada in two cars and planted explosives on the pipeline, a military source said. Pictures purportedly showing a huge cloud from the blast in central eastern Libya circulated on social media. The damage was still being assessed, one oil source said. Oil prices rose on the report. Islamic State fighters had a presence in the area until government forces expelled them from their main stronghold in Sirte a year ago. The operator of the pipeline is Waha, a subsidiary of the NOC and a joint venture with Hess Corp, Marathon Oil Corp and ConocoPhillips. Waha pumps a total 260,000 barrels a day, its chairman said last month. The North African state s oil production was last put by officials at around one million bpd but exact figures are hard to obtain in a country riven by factional conflict. ",1
11353,"Kremlin says ready to mediate North Korea-U.S. talks, if both sides willing","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is ready to act as a mediator between North Korea and the United States if both parties are willing for it to play such a role, the Kremlin said on Tuesday. Moscow has long called for the two sides to hold negotiations aimed at reducing tensions over the nuclear and missile program North Korea is pursuing in defiance of years of U.N. Security Council resolutions.   Russia s readiness to clear the way for de-escalation is obvious,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said in a phone call with reporters. Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov called on Monday for Washington and Pyongyang to start negotiations, saying Russia was ready to facilitate such talks. Though U.S. diplomats have said they are pursuing a diplomatic solution, President Donald Trump has said Pyongyang must commit to giving up its nuclear weapons before any talks can begin.  In a phone call, Lavrov told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday that  Washington s aggressive rhetoric  and beefing up of its military presence in the region had heightened tension on the Korean peninsula and was unacceptable.  The necessity of the fastest move to the negotiating process from the language of sanctions was underscored,  the Russian foreign ministry said in a statement. The U.N. Security Council unanimously voted to impose new sanctions on North Korea on Friday in response to its recent intercontinental ballistic missile test, a move North Korea called an act of war, tantamount to a complete economic blockade. ",1
11354,Russia's Lavrov tells Tillerson U.S. 'aggressive rhetoric' on Korea unacceptable,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday that  Washington s aggressive rhetoric  had heightened tension on the Korean peninsula and was unacceptable, the Russian foreign ministry said. In a phone call, the two men also discussed further steps towards resolving the Syrian crisis and the situation in Ukraine, it added. ",1
11355,British woman sentenced in Egypt to three years in jail for smuggling painkillers,"CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian court sentenced a British woman to three years in prison on Tuesday for smuggling around 300 painkiller tablets into the country, in a ruling her defence team said she would appeal to have overturned or commuted. Laura Plummer, a 33-year-old shop worker from Hull, was arrested in October after the Tramadol tablets were found in her suitcase. Her family told British newspapers she bought the tablets for her Egyptian partner living in the Red Sea resort of Hurghada. Plummer attended a hearing in her case on Monday, before Tuesday s sentencing. The court also ruled that she must pay a fine of 100,000 Egyptian pounds ($5,600). Tramadol is a legal, prescription medicine in Britain, but it is banned in Egypt. Plummer was arrested on arrival from Britain in October, and her detention was extended twice prior to her court appearance. Plummer s family said on Tuesday they were disgusted by the way the trial had been conducted.   From day one, this has been a complete nightmare. Yesterday in the court she wasn t even allowed her own interpreter. She had to get the court s interpreter who was interpreting the wrong answers,  her sister Jayne Synclair said, speaking on BBC television. The family said Plummer had also been forced to sign Arabic-language documents which she did not understand.  She s on the verge of a mental breakdown ... It s just horrendous,  her sister said. Her lawyer said Plummer would appeal, seeking to reverse the verdict or get a commuted sentence, which is possible in the two months after sentencing. He added that she did not know Tramadol was banned in Egypt. Speaking to the court on behalf of Plummer, the lawyer,  said she had no criminal intent in bringing in the painkillers. On Monday the lawyer, Mohamed Othman, told Reuters:  It is illogical that she was dealing in Tramadol. She had only 320 pills. Even the plane ticket is almost double the price of those pills.  A spokesman from Britain s Foreign and Commonwealth Office said:  We will continue to provide assistance to Laura and her family following the court ruling in Egypt, and our embassy is in regular contact with the Egyptian authorities.  ",1
11356,Kremlin seeks investigation of vote boycott called by Putin opponent,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Hundreds of Russian celebrities, sportspeople and politicians  nominated President Vladimir Putin for re-election on Tuesday, hours after the Kremlin said it wanted opposition leader Alexei Navalny investigated for calling for a boycott of the vote.  Navalny called for the boycott of the March 18 election on Monday after Russia s central election commission ruled he was not eligible to run for president due to a suspended prison sentence hanging over him. The 41-year-old lawyer, who says he s being excluded on false grounds because the Kremlin is running scared, said he would use his campaign headquarters across the country to call the election s legitimacy into question and organize protests.  The Kremlin, which points to polls that show Putin is the runaway favorite with Navalny trailing far behind, on Tuesday set the scene for possible police action against Navalny and his supporters whose protests have been broken up before.   The calls for a boycott will require scrupulous study, to see whether or not they comply with the law,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on a conference call. Declining to comment on the election commission s decision to bar Navalny, Peskov shrugged off allegations that the presidential poll would be a farce without the opposition leader who has made a name for himself by leveraging social media and conducting corruption investigations into senior officials.  The fact that one of the would-be candidates is not taking part has no bearing on the election s legitimacy,  said Peskov. Hours later, Putin, 65, was feted by his supporters, almost 700 of whom pledged to back him for re-election   above the minimum 500 required to initiate a presidential bid. Putin s own schedule was too busy for him to attend the Moscow nomination event, the Kremlin said, though he is expected to personally submit the necessary paperwork to the central election commission in the coming days. The former KGB officer is running as an independent, a move seen as a way of strengthening his image as a  father of the nation  rather than as a party political figure. The ruling United Russia party and the Just Russia party have both said they will support him.  I have worked under the leadership of the president for quite a long time so I know that everything will be alright for us with President Putin,  Sergei Kislyak, Russia s former ambassador to the United States, now a senator, told Reuters at Tuesday s nomination meeting. The commander of a nuclear submarine, Sergei Novokhatsky, told the same meeting that Putin had helped revive the Russian Navy, which he described as mired in apathy at the end of the 1990s with many of its ships stuck in ports. Now, he said, wages were up and Russian ships served throughout the world.  The course the motherland is on is the right one,  Novokhatsky told the meeting. If, as expected, he wins re-election, Putin, who has dominated Russia s political landscape for the last 17 years, will be eligible to serve another six years until 2024, when he turns 72. Allies laud him for restoring national pride and expanding Moscow s global clout with interventions in Syria and Ukraine. But Navalny, the opposition leader, says Putin s support is exaggerated and artificially maintained by a biased state media and an unfair system which excludes genuine opponents.  Navalny, who says he could defeat Putin in a fair election, has been jailed three times this year and charged with breaking the law for organizing public meetings and rallies designed to bolster his presidential campaign. He has said millions of voters will be disenfranchised unless the authorities relent and allow him to run.   The European Union has also questioned the decision to bar Navalny.  (It) casts a serious doubt on political pluralism in Russia and the prospect of democratic elections next year,  the EU s External Action Service said in a statement on Tuesday.  Politically motivated charges should not be used against political participation,  it said, urging Moscow to ensure a  level playing field  for all Russian elections. ",1
11357,Britain escorts Russian ship near national waters amid strained relations,"LONDON (Reuters) - A British ship escorted a Russian vessel as it passed near UK territorial waters over Christmas, Britain s defense ministry said on Tuesday, adding that Russian naval activity near Britain had increased in the holiday period. The frigate HMS St Albans departed on Dec. 23 to track the new Russian warship Admiral Gorshkov as it moved through the North Sea. The Royal Navy vessel monitored the Russian ship over Christmas and will return to dock in Portsmouth later on Tuesday. UK defense minister Gavin Williamson said in a statement after the incident that he would  not hesitate in defending our waters or tolerate any form of aggression .  Relations between Britain and Russia are strained, and UK foreign minister Boris Johnson said there was  abundant evidence  of Moscow meddling in foreign elections during a trip to Russia last week. His counterpart Sergei Lavrov said there was no proof for Johnson s claim. While Johnson said he wants to normalize relations with Russia, Moscow blames London for the poor state of relations between the countries. Britain s defense ministry said another ship, HMS Tyne, was called to escort a Russian intelligence-gathering ship through the North Sea and the English Channel on Christmas Eve. A helicopter was subsequently dispatched to monitor two other Russian vessels. ",1
11358,Chess federation says Israel excluded from Saudi-hosted match,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Israeli players have been denied visas to participate in a speed chess championship hosted by Saudi Arabia this week, a vice president of the World Chess Federation (FIDE) said on Sunday. Seven Israeli players had requested visas for the tournament on Dec. 26-30. It would have marked the first time Saudi Arabia had publicly hosted Israelis as the Gulf state does not recognize Israel and there are no formal ties between them. Israel Gelfer, vice president of FIDE, whose Secretariat is based in Athens, told Reuters in an email that visas for the Israeli players  have not been issued and will not be issued . He said the tournament would go ahead as planned. It was not immediately clear if other delegations had been excluded but players from Qatar had suggested they may have been rejected. Saudi Arabia s Center for International Communication said in a statement that more than 180 players would participate but did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Israel Chess Federation Spokesman Lior Aizenberg said efforts were still being made  by various parties  to ensure the Israeli players took part.  The event is not a world championship if they prevent chess players from several countries from taking part,  Aizenberg told Reuters.  Every chess player should have the right to participate in an event on the basis of professional criteria, regardless of their passports, their place of issue or the stamps they bear.  Aizenberg said FIDE should ensure Israeli players could compete in international events and that the Israeli federation was considering all options, including legal action and holding an international competition in Israel for players excluded from the Saudi match. FIDE had said in November it was undertaking a  huge effort  to ensure all players were granted visas.  (This version of the story was refiled to clarify that FIDE secretariat in Athens, but unclear where Gelfer speaking from) ",1
11359,Philippines to sanction firms involved in deadly fire if safety skirted,"MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines said on Tuesday it would investigate whether safety regulations were ignored at an office where a fire killed 37 call center employees, and vowed to impose sanctions if firms had not met standards. The remains of 37 employees of the U.S.-based Research Now SSI killed by Saturday s fire in Davao City have been recovered and a criminal investigation will be launched by the Justice Department. Labour Secretary Silvestre Bello said he had instructed the government s workplace health and safety agency and the Labour Ministry s regional office in Davao, President Rodrigo Duterte s hometown, to investigate if there were lapses in safety standards. The fire broke out at a furniture store on the third level of the 14-year-old New City Commercial Center and quickly engulfed an outsourcing business on the upper floor, based on an initial report from the city government.  We will immediately look into possible violations of some safety and health standards,  Bello told Reuters.  We may not issue any clearance to operate,  he said when asked to clarify sanctions that could be imposed on the mall or call center management if culpable.  Research Now SSI has confirmed 37 of its 500 employees in its Davao call center were  lost  in the fire.  We cannot comment on what is an ongoing investigation,  said Barbara Palmer, company senior vice president for global marketing, in an email in response to a Reuters query on Tuesday about safety protocols at the company s Davao office. On Sunday the firm said in a statement it was helping to support funeral arrangements and would create a fund for contributions for victims  families. The fire is a setback for the Philippines  $23 billion business process outsourcing (BPO) industry, which is an economic lifeline in the country of more than 100 million. The sector employs about 1.15 million people, with jobs forecast to grow to 1.8 million by 2025. Along with remittances from overseas workers, BPO revenues are a major earner of foreign exchange for the country, driving what is one of Asia s fastest-growing economies. The BPO Industry Employees Network (BIEN) has expressed concern about postings on social media that said the building was made of sub-standard materials, had locked its fire exits, and had not held fire drills. It was not possible to immediately check the accuracy of the postings. BIEN said the government should look into every BPO firm s compliance with occupational health and safety standards.  Justice must be served to the victims and those accountable must be penalized so as to avoid future workplace deaths,  BIEN said in a statement. On Monday night, Duterte told relatives of victims that the National Bureau of Investigation, police and fire protection bureau would get to the bottom of the disaster.  The truth will come out,  he said.  Research Now SSI has offices in Texas, California, New York and Toronto and more than 3,500 market research, consulting, media, healthcare and corporate clients. The Call Centre Association of the Philippines (CCAP) said it was waiting for a full report from Research Now SSI, but saw no problem with its members meeting workplace safety standards.  We always comply with government safety regulations because our priority is the welfare of all our employees,  CCAP President Jojo Uligan told Reuters. But the Associated Labour Unions-Trade Union Congress of the Philippines (ALU-TUCP) said safety standards were not being adhered to and the labor department and companies were not living up to their responsibilities to enforce and comply.  This deaths-causing fire could have been minimized to the barest damage to property,  ALU-TUCP spokesman Alan Tanjusay said. ",1
11360,Bahraini military court convicts six to death on terror charges," (In Dec. 25 story, removes reference to Shi ite Muslims in first paragraph, and changes  militant attacks  to  terrorist crimes  in second paragraph) DUBAI (Reuters) - A Bahraini military court sentenced six men to death and revoked their citizenship after they were convicted on charges of forming a terrorist cell and plotting to assassinate a military official, Bahrain news agency BNA reported on Monday. The men, including one soldier, were accused of several  terrorist crimes  and of attempting to assassinate a commander of the Bahraini army, BNA said. The court sentenced seven other people linked to the case to seven years in jail and revoked their citizenship, while five others were acquitted, BNA added, quoting a state prosecution statement. BNA said the 18 men involved in the case include eight who were convicted in absentia, having fled to Iraq and Iran. It was not clear which of the absent eight were sentenced to death and which to jail. Bahrain accuses mainly Shi ite Iran of stoking militancy in the kingdom, a strategic island where the U.S. Navy s Fifth Fleet is based, charges Tehran denies. Bahrain has a Shi ite Muslim majority population but is ruled by a Sunni royal family. The rulings are subject to appeal, the statement said. Bahrain in January executed three Shi ite men convicted of killing three policemen, including an officer from the United Arab Emirates, in a 2014 bomb attack. They were the first such executions in over two decades and sparked protests. Bahrain had seen occasional unrest since 2011 when authorities crushed protests mainly by the Shi ite majority demanding a bigger role in running the country. ",1
11361,Suspected U.S. drone kills militants on Pakistan-Afghan border,"PARACHINAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - A suspected U.S. drone attack along the Pakistani-Afghan border killed an Islamist militant commander from the Taliban-allied Haqqani Network, a Pakistani official and two members of the Haqqani group said. The Pakistani official said it was not immediately clear whether the missile struck on the Afghan or Pakistani side of the border. The members of the network and an eyewitness reached by Reuters said the incident took place inside Pakistan. There have been multiple suspected U.S. drone strikes in the mountainous border region separating Pakistan s Kurram Agency from Afghanistan since U.S. President Donald Trump took office in January.  Trump has taken a hardline stance on Pakistan, which he says provides safe haven to terrorists including the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani Network carrying out attacks in Afghanistan.  Tuesday s suspected drone attack targeted the vehicle of a militant commander named Jamiuddin, said the Pakistani official, who is based in the area, speaking on condition of anonymity, added that it also killed an associate of the commander.  A senior member of the Haqqani network told Reuters:  Maulvi Jamiuddin was our trusted man. He was part of our organization and used to facilitate our fighters during their movement inside Afghanistan.  He added that Jamiuddin was traveling in his car in Pakistan s Kurram region and that none of his associates were killed in the attack.   Jamiuddin stopped the car ... for conversation on his cellular phone when the drone fired two missiles and killed him on the spot,  another Haqqani member said. Rehmanullah, a resident of the area who uses only one name, said he saw the strike near the Mata Sanghar area of Kurram agency, across from the Afghan province of Paktia.   I saw two missiles hit the vehicle and the people inside were killed,  he told Reuters by telephone.  An increase in drone strikes that hit inside Pakistani territory is one of the steps U.S. officials have said could be taken if Islamabad does not end safe havens for militants. Pakistan has sought to play down several recent drone strikes inside the border, with officials saying they were on the Afghan side even though local residents said they were in Pakistan. In October, three suspected strikes in two days killed 31 people who officials said belonged to the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani Network, allied to the Taliban.  Those attacks came days after a Canadian-American couple held hostage by the Taliban were freed from the area in Pakistan s northwest, striking a rare positive note in the country s often-fraught relations with the United States. ",1
11362,Kuwait arrests five over video deemed offensive to crown prince,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Kuwait arrested five suspects accused of posting a video on social media considered offensive to the Gulf state s crown prince, the interior ministry said on Tuesday. The accused were government employees with positions at  important institutions within the state , the interior ministry said in a statement carried by state news agency KUNA. In recent days, a clip has circulated on social media showing the crown prince jabbing his finger at dignitaries at a Gulf football event, apparently trying to tell them who should be first to shake the hand of the ruling emir. It was not immediately clear if that video was the subject of the legal charges. ",1
11363,Four killed in suspected Boko Haram Nigeria attack on Monday: sources,"LAGOS (Reuters) - Four civilians were killed in an attack by suspected Boko Haram militants on Monday in the Nigerian city at the center of a conflict with the Islamists, a resident and two officials told Reuters.  Nigeria s army said on Monday evening it had repelled the assault on the outskirts of Maiduguri, the spiritual birthplace of Boko Haram. It was the first major attack on the northeast city since June.  The army statement made no mention of casualties but Musa Alkali, a resident of the attacked area, Molai, told Reuters on Tuesday he saw four corpses.  Boko Haram fought their way into Molai and burnt three houses before the military fighter jet arrived,  he said.  Three people were burnt in their houses, (then) I saw four dead bodies taken out of the area,  said Alkali. He said the fourth person had been shot. Two other people, a local vigilante group commander and a military officer, also told Reuters on Tuesday that four civilians had died. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they had been told not to speak to media and feared reprisal. The military said that none of its troops had lost their lives. It said the attackers had come with trucks mounted with guns and suicide bombers, and when retreating had set fire to houses and vehicles. Three Nigerian military spokesmen did not immediately respond to calls, texts and WhatsApp messages seeking comment. Fourteen people were killed in an attack on Maiduguri in June when the group struck on the eve of a visit by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo. The government often says it is on alert for Boko Haram attacks during the Christmas period and other festivals for Christians and Muslims.  The insurgency has in the past targeted places of worship such as churches and mosques during those times. Embassies regularly warn their nationals to be cautious and avoid public spaces at those times. President Muhammadu Buhari s administration has been saying Boko Haram are almost defeated but the latest attack shows the group s continued ability to stage hit-and-run raids, prompting a renewed government push against the militants. The Nigerian government approved the release of $1 billion last week from a state oil fund to help with the fight.  Nigeria s long-term plan is to corral civilians inside fortified garrison towns, a move that effectively cedes the rural areas to Boko Haram. Nigeria replaced its previous military commander of the fight against Boko Haram after half a year in the post. Military sources told Reuters this followed a series of  embarrassing  attacks by the militants. ",1
11364,Myanmar to grant families access to two Reuters journalists after remand period expires: media,"YANGON (Reuters) - Two Reuters journalists detained in Myanmar will be allowed to meet their families once their first 14-day period of remand expires, according to local media reports. Reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo have been in detention for 11 days in an undisclosed location and have had no access to their families, lawyers or colleagues. They were arrested after being invited to meet police officials over dinner on the outskirts of Myanmar s largest city, Yangon on Dec. 12. The authorities are investigating whether they violated the country s colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which has a maximum prison sentence of 14 years.  After the first remand (expires), they will be able to meet their families. They will be sent to the court for testimonies,  Tin Myint, permanent secretary of Ministry of Home Affairs, was quoted as saying by Radio Free Asia.  In Myanmar, those remanded must be brought to court within 14 days. But it s not immediately clear when the pair was first remanded and whether the authorities will seek court approval to remand them for a second 14-day period.  The Home Affairs Ministry did not responded to several requests for comments.  Family members of the two journalists say they have not received any official communication about the question of remand or the investigation, and neither has Reuters.  Tin Myint said the case against the two Reuters reporters will be  transparent  and the authorities will follow the rule of law, according to Daily Eleven newspaper.  Major governments, including the United States, Britain and Canada, leading international political figures and top United Nations officials are among those who have demanded the release of the Reuters reporters. The two journalists had worked on Reuters coverage of a crisis in the western state of Rakhine, where an estimated 655,000 Rohingya Muslims have fled from a fierce military crackdown on militants. A spokesman for Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi this week told Reuters that the police had almost completed their investigation and the two reporters will be treated in line with the law.  The Ministry of Information said last week that Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, had  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media . ",1
11365,Myanmar police to free journalists working for Turkish broadcaster,"(Reuters) - Myanmar police said on Tuesday they would drop pending charges against two journalists working for Turkey s state broadcaster, their interpreter and driver, who were jailed in November for violating an aircraft law by filming with a drone. Cameraman Lau Hon Meng from Singapore, reporter Mok Choy Lin from Malaysia, Aung Naing Soe - a local journalist who was interpreting for the pair - and driver Hla Tin were detained by police on Oct. 27 near Myanmar s parliament building in the capital Naypyitaw. They are currently each serving a two-month prison sentence under a colonial-era aircraft law, but all four still face further charges for importing the drone. The two foreign nationals have also been charged with an immigration offence. Police Lieutenant Tun Tun Win and an immigration officer - the complainants - appeared in a Naypyitaw courtroom on Tuesday and asked that the court drop the charges. Tun Tun Win told Reuters higher police officials had ordered the case dropped because the four did not mean to endanger national security by flying the drone. Additionally, he said, the decision was intended  to forward the relationship between countries , referring to the two journalists  home countries, Singapore and Malaysia. A law officer - the government s prosecutor in the case - was expected to tell the court the charges were formally dropped in another hearing set for Thursday, defense lawyer Khin Maung Zaw told Reuters.  The higher authorities already instructed to terminate with good intention, but the procedure can only be accomplished on that day (Thursday),  the lawyer said. The four are set to complete their sentences under the aircraft act on Jan. 9, but may be released earlier for good behavior, he added. The case had raised concerns over freedom of the press in Myanmar, where a civilian government led by Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi took power last year but the military retains control of security matters, including the police. Two Reuters journalists were arrested on Dec. 12 after they went to meet police officers for dinner on the outskirts of Myanmar s largest city Yangon. Wa Lone, 31, and Kyaw Soe Oo, 27, have now been in detention for two weeks with no access to visitors or to a lawyer.  They had covered the crisis in western Rakhine state that has driven 655,000 stateless Rohingya Muslims across the border to Bangladesh since August. The reporters are being investigated under the colonial-era Official Secrets Act. ",1
11366,Turkey to restore Sudanese Red Sea port and build naval dock,"ISTANBUL/KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Turkey will rebuild a ruined Ottoman port city on Sudan s Red Sea coast and construct a naval dock to maintain civilian and military vessels, Sudan s foreign minister said on Tuesday, as Ankara expands military and economic ties in Africa. The restoration at Suakin was agreed during a visit to the ancient port by Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan, Foreign Minister Ibrahim Ghandour said. Making the first trip by a Turkish president to Sudan, Erdogan said Turkey had been temporarily granted part of Suakin so it could rebuild the area as a tourist site and a transit point for pilgrims crossing the Red Sea to Mecca. He said the Suakin deal was one of several, worth $650 million in total, agreed with Sudan, which emerged from two decades of U.S. sanctions in October and is seeking to attract international investment. The countries also agreed  to build a dock to maintain civilian and military vessels,  Ghandour told reporters, adding that they had signed an agreement  that could result in any kind of military cooperation . The agreements come three months after Turkey formally opened a $50 million military training base in Somalia as it exerts increasing influence in the region. Suakin was Sudan s major port when it was ruled by the Ottoman Empire, but fell into disuse over the last century after the construction of Port Sudan, 35 miles (60 km) to the north. Speaking on Monday in Khartoum, Erdogan said the refurbished port city would attract Mecca-bound pilgrims who would want to see the island s history, helping Sudan s tourism sector.  Imagine, people from Turkey wishing to go on pilgrimage will come and visit the historical areas on Suakin Island,  Erdogan said.  From there ... they will cross to Jeddah by boat.  The other agreements signed during Erdogan s visit include Turkish investment to build Khartoum s planned new airport and private sector investments in cotton production, electricity generation and building grain silos and meat slaughterhouses.  Erdogan and Bashir said they aimed for trade between the two countries to reach $10 billion, Turkey s Foreign Economic Relations Board said. In October, the United States lifted a trade embargo and other penalties that had cut Sudan off from much of the global financial system. Sudan s state minister for investment has said he aims to attract investment of $10 billion a year, compared to $1 billion estimated by the United Nations for 2016. ",1
11367,China halts oil product exports to North Korea in November as sanctions bite,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China exported no oil products to North Korea in November, Chinese customs data showed, apparently going above and beyond sanctions imposed earlier this year by the United Nations in a bid to limit petroleum shipments to the isolated country.  Tensions have flared anew over North Korea s ongoing nuclear and missile programmes, pursued in defiance of years of U.N. resolutions. Last week, the U.N. Security Council imposed new caps on trade with North Korea, including limiting oil product shipments to just 500,000 barrels a year.  Beijing also imported no iron ore, coal or lead from North Korea in November, the second full month of the latest trade sanctions imposed by U.N.  China, the main source of North Korea s fuel, did not export any gasoline, jet fuel, diesel or fuel oil to its isolated neighbour last month, data from the General Administration of Customs showed on Tuesday.  November was the second straight month China exported no diesel or gasoline to North Korea. The last time China s jet fuel shipments to Pyongyang were at zero was in February 2015.   This is a natural outcome of the tightening of the various sanctions against North Korea,  said Cai Jian, an expert on North Korea at Fudan University in Shanghai.  The tightening  reflects China s stance , he said.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said she didn t know any details about the oil products export situation.  As a principle, China has consistently fully, correctly, conscientiously and strictly enforced relevant U.N. Security Council resolutions on North Korea. We have already established a set of effective operating mechanisms and methods,  she said at a regular briefing on Tuesday, without elaborating. Since June, state-run China National Petroleum Corp (CNPC) [CNPET.UL] has suspended sales of gasoline and diesel to North Korea, concerned that it would not get paid for its goods, Reuters previously reported.  Beijing s move to turn off the taps completely is rare.  In March 2003, China suspended oil supplies to North Korea for three days after Pyongyang fired a missile into waters between the Korean Peninsula and Japan.  It is unknown if China still sells crude oil to Pyongyang. Beijing has not disclosed its crude exports to North Korea for several years.  Industry sources say China still supplies about 520,000 tonnes, or 3.8 million barrels, of crude a year to North Korea via an aging pipeline. That is a little more than 10,000 barrels a day, and worth about $200 million a year at current prices.  North Korea also sources some of its oil from Russia. Chinese exports of corn to North Korean in November also slumped, down 82 percent from a year earlier to 100 tonnes, the lowest since January. Exports of rice plunged 64 percent to 672 tonnes, the lowest since March.  Trade between North Korea and China has slowed through the year, particularly after China banned coal purchases in February. In November, China s trade with North Korea totalled $388 million, one of the lowest monthly volumes this year.  China has renewed its call on all countries to make constructive efforts to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula, urging the use of peaceful means to resolve issues.  But tensions flared again after North Korea on Nov. 29 said it had tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile that put the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons.  Meanwhile Chinese exports of liquefied petroleum gas to North Korea, used for cooking, rose 58 percent in November from a year earlier to 99 tonnes. Exports of ethanol, which can be turned into a biofuel, gained 82 percent to 3,428 cubic metres.  To view a graphic on China's trade with North Korea click on this link tmsnrt.rs/2BDYD1F ",1
11368,Russia's Lavrov says timing of Putin-Trump meeting not yet discussed: RIA," (This version of the Dec. 25 story was refiled to amend signoff with no changes to text) MOSCOW (Reuters) - The timing of the next meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump has not yet been discussed, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told RIA news agency in an interview on Monday.   The timings of the next personal meeting have not yet been discussed,  he said.  ",1
11369,Serbia extradites Kurdish activist to Turkey despite U.N. warning,"BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbia has extradited to Turkey a Kurdish political activist who had been seeking asylum, a police official said on Tuesday, defying a recommendation by the United Nations  Committee against Torture. Cevdet Ayaz requested asylum in Serbia earlier this year after fleeing Turkey, where he had been sentenced to 15 years in prison over alleged activities against the constitution, the Belgrade-based N1 TV quoted his lawyer Ana Trkulja as saying. It also quoted her as saying that Ayaz had been extradited to Turkey on Monday and that his brother had been asked to contact a police station in Istanbul where he was being held.  The U.N. Committee against Torture (UNCAT) issued a recommendation on Dec. 18 urging Belgrade to refrain from extraditing Ayaz. The Serbian police official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Serbian courts had ruled that all preconditions for the extradition had been met and that Justice Minister Nela Kuburovic had acted accordingly.  The motion by the U.N. came after that (decision) ... The police only performed the extradition procedure,  the official said. Officials at Serbia s Justice Ministry, which approved Ayaz s extradition, were not immediately available for comment on the case. On Monday UNCAT chairman Jens Modvig warned Serbia, a candidate for European Union membership, to adhere to its international obligations.  Serbia is in the process of extraditing Mr. Ayaz to Turkey ... Serbia, please be aware of your UNCAT obligations,  Modvig wrote on his Twitter account.  Rights groups accuse Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan of using a state of emergency declared after the 2016 coup attempt to quash decades-long Kurdish dissent and political opposition. Turkey, which is also a candidate for EU membership, denies using torture. Serbia, the legal successor to the now-defunct Yugoslavia, has ratified the U.N. convention against torture, which came into force in 1987.  Serbia s President Aleksandar Vucic has sought to boost trade ties with Turkey, and Erdogan visited Belgrade in October. ",1
11370,Tunisia working with UAE on terrorist threat from female jihadist returnees,"TUNIS (Reuters) - The UAE, which angered Tunisia by banning Tunisian women from its passenger flights, has intelligence that female jihadists returning from Iraq or Syria might try to use Tunisian passports to stage terrorist attacks, a Tunisian government official said. Tunisia had demanded the United Arab Emirates apologize for the travel ban - saying that the UAE had provided no explanation - and on Sunday it suspended the Dubai-based airline Emirates from operating at Tunis airport. Since then, Saida Garrach, an advisor at the Tunisian presidency, told local radio Shems FM that the UAE had  serious information over the possibility of terrorist acts as part of returning fighters leaving Iraq and Syria,  and that the two countries were now working together to address the threat.  There are terrorist plots in several countries,  Garrach said in an interview conducted on Monday and posted on the station s website.  What concerns the United Arab Emirates is the possibility of terrorist acts committed by Tunisian women or by Tunisian passport holders,  she said.  Garrach criticized the way the threat had been communicated to Tunisia.  We are fighting terrorism together with the United Arab Emirates and we are coordinating to solve this problem. But we cannot accept the way Tunisian women are treated and don t accept what has happened to Tunisian women at airports.  Tunisia is among the countries with the highest per capita number of militant Islamists, a problem linked to widespread radicalisation among disillusioned youths and a loosening of security controls after Tunisia s 2011 uprising. The military defeat of the Islamic State group in most of Syria and Iraq this year has prompted many foreign militants and their families to go home. Islamic State has also lost its main stronghold in Tunisia s neighbor Libya. More than 3,000 Tunisians are known to have traveled abroad to wage jihad, according to the interior ministry. A year ago the interior minister said 800 had come back to Tunisia, where they have been jailed, monitored or put under house arrest. ",1
11371,Eastern Libya to stage conference in March to rebuild Benghazi,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Authorities in eastern Libya have announced a conference in March to drum up support to rebuild the country s second-largest city Benghazi heavily damaged during three years of fighting between military forces and Islamist fighters. The announcement signals a desire to demonstrate a return to normality in the port, where top military commander Khalifa Haftar declared the end of a campaign to oust Islamist fighters in July. Clashes have sporadically continued in some isolated areas, while life has returned in the rest of the city, though some districts were almost completely destroyed by shelling and air strikes. A forum titled  International Conference and Exhibition for rebuilding Benghazi city  will be held from March 19-21, the organizers said in an invitation posted online, adding that a six-day exhibition would be held the same month. Haftar is aligned with a government and parliament in eastern Libya which was listed as the conference s sponsor. He has rejected a U.N.-backed government based in the capital, Tripoli, as he has gradually strengthened his position on the ground. The United Nations has sought to bridge differences between the two sides, part of a conflict since Muammar Gaddafi was toppled in 2011. Talks were suspended in October. ",1
11372,Kremlin wants opposition's call for election boycott investigated,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Tuesday a call by opposition leader Alexei Navalny to boycott next year s presidential election must be checked to see if it complies with the law, paving the way for possible police action against him and his supporters. Navalny called on Monday for a boycott of the March 18 election after Russia s central election commission ruled he was not eligible to run for president due to a suspended prison sentence hanging over him.  The calls for a boycott will require scrupulous study, to see whether or not they comply with the law,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on a conference call.  Declining to comment on the election commission s decision,  Peskov shrugged off allegations that the presidential poll would be a farce without Navalny.   The fact that one of the would-be candidates is not taking part has no bearing on the election s legitimacy,  said Peskov. Navalny, a 41-year-old lawyer, has repeatedly said the suspended sentence handed to him in an embezzlement case was politically motivated. On Monday Navalny said millions of voters would be disenfranchised without his participation in the election, which opinion polls show incumbent Vladimir Putin winning comfortably. The European Union also questioned the Russian election commission s decision to bar Navalny.  (It) casts a serious doubt on political pluralism in Russia and the prospect of democratic elections next year,  the EU s External Action Service said in a statement on Tuesday.  Politically motivated charges should not be used against political participation,  it said, urging Moscow to ensure a  level playing field  for all Russian elections. Putin, 65, has dominated Russia s political landscape for the last 17 years and if, as expected, he wins next year s election would be eligible to serve another six years until 2024, when he turns 72. Allies laud Putin as a father-of-the-nation figure who has restored national pride and expanded Moscow s global clout with interventions in Syria and Ukraine. Navalny says Putin s support is exaggerated and artificially maintained by a biased state media and an unfair system which excludes genuine opponents. He says he could defeat him in a fair election, an assertion Putin s supporters have laughed off. Navalny has been jailed three times this year and charged with breaking the law for organizing public meetings and rallies designed to bolster his presidential campaign.    ",1
11373,EU questions Russia's 2018 vote after Navalny decision,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The Russian authorities  decision to bar opposition leader Alexei Navalny from running in next year s presidential election raises questions about the vote, the European Union s foreign service said in a statement on Tuesday. The central election commission said on Monday Navalny was not eligible to run in the March 18 election due to a suspended prison sentence. He has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing and says the case is politically motivated. The decision  casts a serious doubt on political pluralism in Russia and the prospect of democratic elections next year,  the EU s External Action Service, or EEAS, said in a statement.  Politically-motivated charges should not be used against political participation,  the EEAS said. It urged the Russian authorities  to ensure that there is a level playing field  in the presidential vote in March and in all other votes.    The EEAS said that Navalny was denied the right to a fair trial in his prosecution in 2013, according to the European Court of Human Rights, to which Russia is a signatory. Polls show President Vladimir Putin is on course to be comfortably re-elected, meaning he could remain in power until2024. Navalny has been jailed three times this year and charged with breaking the law by organizing public meetings and rallies. The European External Action Service (EEAS), set up in 2009, runs a network of diplomats around the globe, drafts policy papers for EU foreign ministers and is led by the EU s top diplomat Federica Mogherini, who visited Moscow in April this year.      ",1
11374,Egypt hangs 15 militants for killing security forces in Sinai: security sources,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt hanged 15 men convicted of attacks that killed security forces in the Sinai Peninsula, security sources said on Tuesday, in what appears to be the largest number of executions on a single day since President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi took office in 2014. The hangings took place at two prisons in the north of the country early on Tuesday, the sources said. A military court issued the sentences and interior ministry officials carried out the executions simultaneously at Borj al-Arab and Wadi al-Natroun prisons, the sources said. Most of the militants were from Sinai region and were accused of  joining militant groups and taking part in carrying out, planning and assisting in killing a number of army and police personnel in Sinai,  the sources said. Islamic State s Sinai branch has waged attacks against security forces in a years-long insurgency in North Sinai, and in the past year expanded targets to include Christians and other civilians. An attack on a mosque last month which killed more than 300 people, the deadliest in Egypt s modern history, was widely attributed to Islamic State, but the group did not claim responsibility for it. In 2015, six people were executed for killing two soldiers during a raid in Qalyubiah province, north of Cairo. ",1
11375,Italy rescues more than 250 migrants in Mediterranean,"ROME (Reuters) - More than 250 migrants were rescued in the central Mediterranean during the night between Monday and Tuesday, Italy s Coast Guard said. A statement said the migrants, in one large rubber dinghy and two small boats, were rescued in three missions by two ships, one from a non-governmental organization. Migrant arrivals to Italy have fallen by two-thirds year on year since July after officials working for the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli put pressure on people smugglers in the Libyan city of Sabratha to stop boats leaving. Italy is also bolstering the Libyan coast guard s ability to turn back boats. Last week, the United Nations began bringing African refugees to Italy from Libya, evacuating them from detention centers whose conditions have been condemned by rights groups as inhumane.  ",1
11376,"Brexit deal could be template for EU ties to Ukraine, Turkey, Germany's Gabriel says","BERLIN (Reuters) - An EU agreement with Britain on relations after Brexit could serve as a model for ties with other countries that want to be as close as possible to the bloc but are not yet ready to join, such as Ukraine and Turkey, Germany s foreign minister said. Britain secured the go-ahead from Brussels to start talks on its future relationship with the EU earlier this month, with London saying it aspires to a closer relationship as a former member than that of any other third country. In an interview with the Funke newspaper group published on Tuesday, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said such a deal could offer a solution to the puzzle of how the bloc of 27 can manage its ties with two other large non-members.  I can t imagine Turkey or Ukraine becoming EU members in the next few years,  he said.  If we get a smart agreement with Britain regulating relations with Europe after Brexit, that could be a model for other countries - Ukraine and also Turkey.  Turkey, a candidate for EU membership for decades, already has a customs union with the EU which allows the trade of most goods without tariffs.  One possibility would be to offer Ankara a  new, closer form of the customs union , Gabriel said, although he also said such a project would have to wait for changes in Turkey s political environment. Thousands of people, including German citizens, have been detained in Turkey as part of a government crackdown since a failed coup in 2016. An agreement between the EU and Ukraine on a  deep and comprehensive free trade area  formally came into force in September, aimed at allowing free trade of goods, services and capital, and visa-free travel for people for short stays. Ukraine s desire for closer ties with the EU was one of the driving forces behind a popular revolt that toppled a pro-Russian president in 2014, leading Moscow to seize Ukraine s Crimea peninsula and back pro-Russian separatists in a still-unresolved conflict in the east of the country. Gabriel s Social Democratic Party (SPD) is preparing for talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on governing together for another four years. ",1
11377,"Saudi Arabia releases corruption detainees, others to stand trial: report","RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has released 23 of the 200-or-so powerful individuals detained since November on corruption charges after they reached deals with the government, Okaz newspaper reported on Tuesday. The report did not name those involved in what appeared to be the first large-scale release since the royals, business people and government officials were detained in a crackdown spearheaded by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. The suspects have been held at Riyadh s luxurious Ritz Carlton hotel since early November and told to hand over assets and cash in exchange for their freedom.  Okaz said more detainees would be released in the coming days and trial proceedings would begin soon for those who continue to deny the charges against them. Saudi authorities see the settlements not as blackmail but as an obligation to reimburse money taken illegally from the world s top oil producer over several decades. Video posted on social media showed a smiling Saoud al-Daweesh, the former chief executive of Saudi Telecom, telling well-wishers he had been treated decently.  Private Affairs (a unit of the Royal Court) brought us a full lamb dish day and night. They treated us well and did a good job,  he said. Saudi officials did not respond to requests for comment. ",1
11378,Russia establishing permanent presence at its Syrian bases: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia has started establishing a permanent military presence at naval and air bases in Syria, the defense minister said on Tuesday as parliament ratified a deal with Damascus to cement Russian presence in the country, the RIA news agency reported. The deal, signed on Jan. 18 will expand the Tartus naval facility, Russia s only naval foothold in the Mediterranean, and grant Russian warships access to Syrian waters and ports, Viktor Bondarev, head of the upper house security and defense committee, told RIA.  RIA news agency separately quoted Sergei Shoigu as saying:  Last week the Commander-in-Chief (President Vladimir Putin) approved the structure and the bases in Tartus and in Hmeimim (air base). We have begun forming a permanent presence there.  The Tartus naval facility, in use since the says of the Soviet Union, is too small to play host to larger warships. According to the RIA report, the agreement will allow Russia to keep 11 warships at Tartus, including nuclear vessels. The agreement will last for 49 years and could be prolonged further.  The Hmeimim air base, from which Russia has launched numerous air strikes in support of President Bashar al-Assad during his war with rebels, can now be used by Russia indefinitely, according to the deal. ",1
11379,China hands down harshest sentence yet in crackdown on activists,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China sentenced a prominent rights activist to eight years in jail for subversion on Tuesday, his lawyer said, the harshest sentence passed in a government crackdown on activism that began more than two years ago.  In a separate case, a rights lawyer avoided criminal punishment despite being found guilty of inciting subversion, because he admitted his crimes, the Chinese court trying him said. Wu Gan, a blogger better known by his online name  Super Vulgar Butcher , plans to appeal against the eight-year sentence handed down by the Tianjin Municipality s No. 2 Intermediate People s Court, his lawyer, Yan Xin, told Reuters.  The harshness of the sentence prompted the German embassy in Beijing to issue a statement expressing disappointment. Wu regularly championed sensitive cases of government abuses of power, both online and in street protests. He was detained in May 2015 and charged with subversion.     The activist criticized China s political system online and used performance art to create disturbances, as well as insulting people and spreading false information, according to a statement from the court posted on its website.   He carried out a string of criminal actions to subvert state power and overthrow the socialist system and seriously harmed state security and social stability,  the court said.  Before his arrest, Wu used his platform to cast doubt on the official version of events in an incident in early May 2015, in which a police officer shot a petitioner in a train station in northern Heilongjiang province. Wu s refusal to bow to pressure or admit guilt likely explains his harsh sentence, said Kit Chan, Hong Kong-based director of China Human Rights Lawyers Concern Group.  Wu Gan is being punished for his non-conformity,  she said. His sentence is the most severe in what rights groups have called an unprecedented attack on China s rights activists and lawyers, known as the 709 crackdown, which began in full force on July 9, 2015. The hardline approach to rights activism has shown no sign of softening as Chinese President Xi Jinping enters his second five-year term in office. In the other case concluded on Tuesday, rights lawyer Xie Yang received no punishment after being found guilty of inciting subversion and disrupting court order, the Changsha Intermediate People s Court said on social media. The court released a video of the proceedings, in which Xie said he accepted the outcome and would not appeal. He also thanked authorities and said he will be a law-abiding citizen. Xie had worked on numerous cases deemed sensitive by Chinese authorities, such as defending supporters of Hong Kong s pro-democracy protests. In May, he confessed to the charges against him in what rights groups called a scripted  sham  trial. In January, Xie s wife and lawyer released detailed accounts of torture suffered by Xie at the hands of the authorities, which were widely reported on in the international media. Chinese state media branded those reports  fake news  and said the accounts were concocted as a means of gaining attention. Xie s lawyer told Reuters he stands by the account.  In both cases these have been serious concerns about violations of due process of law,  the German embassy in Beijing said in a statement.  The decision to hand down both sentences the day after Christmas, when there would likely be less attention from diplomats and international observers,  reeks of cynical political calculation , said Patrick Poon, Hong Kong-based researcher for Amnesty International. Asked about the verdicts, China s foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a regular briefing that Amnesty is biased when it comes to China and should not be believed, adding that China abides by the rule of law. ",1
11380,Taiwan says Chinese air force exercised near island 16 times in last year,"TAIPEI (Reuters) - China s air force has carried out 16 rounds of exercises close to Taiwan in the last year or so, Taiwan s defense ministry said on Tuesday, warning that China s military threat was growing by the day. China considers self-ruled and democratic Taiwan to be its sacred territory and has never renounced the use of force to bring what it views as a wayward province under Chinese control. China has taken an increasingly hostile stance towards Taiwan since Tsai Ing-wen from the island s pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party won presidential elections last year. Beijing suspects her of pushing for the island s formal independence, a red line for China. Tsai says she wants peace with China, but that she will defend Taiwan s security and way of life. In a lengthy report, Taiwan s defense ministry listed the number of times China s air force had drilled near the island since the end of October last year and which aircraft were involved, including bombers and advanced fighter jets. Of the 16 drills, 15 of them were around Taiwan, flying through the Bashi Channel which separates Taiwan from the Philippines and near Japan s Miyako island, to the north of Taiwan. The other drill was through the Bashi Channel and out into the Pacific. China has repeatedly said the drills are routine. Taiwan s defense ministry said China was the island s biggest security threat.  The Chinese military s strength continues to grow rapidly,  it said.   There have been massive developments in military reforms, combined operations, weapons development and production, the building of overseas military bases and military exercises, and the military threat towards us grows daily.  Chinese missiles can already cover all of Taiwan, and China has been improving its abilities in long-range anti-ship missiles  to build an ability to resist foreign forces , the ministry added. Tensions rose earlier this month after a senior Chinese diplomat threatened that China would invade Taiwan if any U.S. warships made port visits there. Taiwan is well equipped with mostly U.S.-made weapons, but has been pressing Washington to sell more advanced equipment. The United States is bound by law to provide Taiwan with the means to defend itself, to China s distaste. Proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being run by autocratic China, and Taiwan s government has accused Beijing of not understanding what democracy is all about when it criticizes Taipei. ",1
11381,Factbox: International reaction to arrest of Reuters reporters in Myanmar,"(Reuters) - Major governments, including the United States, the European Union and Canada, and top United Nations  officials, are among those demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar.  The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 after being invited to meet police officials on the outskirts of Yangon. They had worked on stories about a military crackdown in Rakhine state, scene of around 650,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh since August. Myanmar s Ministry of Information has said the reporters  illegally acquired information with the intention to share it with foreign media,  and released a photo of them in handcuffs. It said the reporters and two policemen faced charges under the British colonial-era Official Secrets Act, which carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years, though officials said they have not been charged. Their exact whereabouts are not known.  We and their families continue to be denied access to them or to the most basic information about their well-being and whereabouts,  Reuters President and Editor-In-Chief Stephen J. Adler said last week in a statement calling for their immediate release.      Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo are journalists who perform a crucial role in shedding light on news of global interest, and they are innocent of any wrongdoing,  he said. Here are comments on their detention from governments, politicians, human rights groups, journalists and press freedom advocates around the world:   - The New York Times said in an editorial on Saturday that releasing the two journalists immediately  would help restore at least some lost faith  in Aung San Suu Kyi s government. - Former New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark said it was  disturbing  to hear of the detention of the two Reuters journalists.  Press freedom is very important,  she said in a tweet on Christmas Day. - Two U.N. human rights experts called on Myanmar last week to release the two reporters, saying it was putting Myanmar on a dangerous path by using the Official Secrets Act to criminalize journalism.  Journalism is not a crime. These detentions are another way for the Government to censor information about the military s role in Rakhine State and the humanitarian catastrophe taking place,  said Yanghee Lee and David Kaye, who are the U.N. special rapporteur on Myanmar and on freedom of expression respectively. - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the United States was  demanding their immediate release or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance.  Last week,  the State Department reiterated the U.S. demand for the reporters  immediate release. - Senator Ben Cardin, the leading Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee called the arrests  outrageous .  It just brings back the memory of the horrible practices with the repressive military rule,  he said. - Republican Thom Tillis and Democrat Chris Coons, leaders of the U.S. Senate Human Rights Caucus, said they were  gravely concerned  about the reporters  arrests and that press freedom was critical to ensuring accountability for violence against the Rohingya.  - Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kano said last week,  Freedom of the press is extremely important, including in order to protect fundamental human rights. The Japanese government would like to watch (this matter) closely.  Tokyo-based Human Rights Now has called on Japan to take a stronger stance.  - The European Union has urged Myanmar to release the reporters  as quickly as possible.  A spokeswoman for EU  foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini said,  Freedom of the press and media is the foundation and a cornerstone of any democracy.  - U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said countries should do everything possible to secure the journalists  release and press freedom in Myanmar.  It is clearly a concern in relation to the erosion of press freedom in the country,  he said.  - Britain, Holland, Canada, Norway and Sweden have demanded the release of the Reuters reporters. Australia has expressed concern and Bangladesh has denounced the arrests.  - Vijay Nambiar, former special adviser on Myanmar to the U.N. Secretary-General, said in a statement to Reuters that the detentions had caused  widespread disappointment within and outside the country that is likely to further damage the international reputation and image of Myanmar.  - President of the European Parliament Antonio Tajani called on Myanmar to protect media freedoms and release the reporters. - Human Rights Watch said the detentions appeared to be  aimed at stopping independent reporting of the ethnic cleansing campaign against the Rohingya.  Brad Adams, the group s Asia director, said,  Their secret, incommunicado detention lays bare government efforts to silence media reporting on critical issues.   - The International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) called on Myanmar to immediately disclose the reporters  whereabouts.  All detainees must be allowed prompt access to a lawyer and to family members,  said Frederick Rawski, ICJ s Asia-Pacific Regional Director. - The Committee to Protect Journalists said the arrests were  having a grave impact on the ability of journalists to cover a story of vital global importance . - Reporters Without Borders said there was no justification for the arrests and the charges being considered against the journalists were  completely spurious . - Advocacy group Fortify Rights demanded Myanmar  immediately and unconditionally release the Reuters journalists.  - Myanmar s Irrawaddy online news site called on Dec. 14 for the journalists  release in an editorial headlined  The Crackdown on the Media Must Stop.  It said  it is an outrage to see the Ministry of Information release a police record photo of reporters handcuffed   as police normally do to criminals   on its website soon after the detention. It is chilling to see that MOI has suddenly brought us back to the olden days of a repressive regime.  - The Southeast Asian Press Alliance said the journalists were  only doing their jobs in trying to fill the void of information on the Rohingya conflict.   - The Protection Committee for Myanmar Journalists, local reporters who have demonstrated against prosecutions of journalists, decried the  unfair arrests that affect media freedom .  - The Foreign Correspondents  Club of Myanmar said it was  appalled  by the arrests and  gravely concerned  about press freedom in Myanmar.  - The Foreign Correspondents  Club in Thailand, Foreign Correspondents  Association of the Philippines, Jakarta Foreign Correspondents  Club and Foreign Correspondents  Club of Hong Kong have issued statements supporting the journalists. ",1
11382,"Building owner, manager arrested in South Korean fire that killed 29","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean police have arrested the owner and the manager of a building where 29 people died in a fire last week, accusing the pair of multiple safety lapses, including blocked exits and malfunctioning sprinkler systems. On Thursday, a fire ripped through an eight-story high-rise in the small city of Jecheon. At least 20 of the victims were women who were overcome by toxic fumes in a second-floor sauna. Jecheon police have only identified the owner by his last name of Lee, and the manager by his last name of Kim. Both men are in custody in Jecheon after being arrested on Sunday, police announced on Tuesday. Lee faces two charges of violating fire safety regulations and committing involuntary homicide by professional negligence, while Kim also faces the involuntary homicide charge. If convicted of involuntary homicide, Lee and Kim could face up to five years in prison or 20 million won ($16,000) in fines.   The sprinkler system on the building s first floor did not work properly when the fire erupted,  a police detective, who asked not to be named as he was not authorized to speak on an ongoing investigation, told Reuters.  If the sprinkler system worked, the fire probably would not have spread as fast as it did.  Police said on Tuesday that Lee has retained a lawyer but declined to name the lawyer or firm. Police said Kim has not yet hired a lawyer. Photos released by the Yonhap news agency showed a smoke-stained stairwell and a fire exit filled with shelves and supplies on the second floor, where most of the deaths occurred.  The emergency exit on the building s second floor was blocked by iron shelves and other miscellaneous items,  the detective confirmed. Officials are still investigating the cause of the conflagration. According to police, both Kim and Lee had denied reports they were trying to remove ice on the ceiling of the first floor, where the fire appeared to have originated, but later changed their statements after police confronted them with evidence. The Korea JoongAng Daily newspaper reported on Tuesday that Lee had at one point told police he did not alert the women in the sauna because they were undressed, however, the police detective told Reuters he could not confirm that as investigations were ongoing. Anger mounted over the weekend at reports of shoddy construction, broken doors, blocked roads and other problems that may have contributed to the deaths. A number of cars parked along the narrow roads around the building impeded the ability of firefighters to reach the fire, an official with the Jecheon fire department told Reuters, but noted that none of the parked vehicles appeared to have violated parking rules.  Although vehicles can park there legally, it was quite difficult for fire trucks to go through to get to the scene, because the road was too narrow,  said the fire official, who declined to be named as he was not authorized to speak publicly. Visiting the scene on Friday, President Moon Jae-in promised a full investigation.  The government as a whole will thoroughly probe this accident s cause and process of response, and although after the fact, the investigation and measures will be such that, at least, there will not be lingering deep sorrow,  he said. On Monday, a separate fire at a construction site at an apartment complex south of Seoul killed one person and injured 14 others, according to Yonhap. ",1
11383,"China, Pakistan to look at including Afghanistan in $57 billion economic corridor","BEIJING (Reuters) - China and Pakistan will look at extending their $57 billion China-Pakistan Economic Corridor to Afghanistan, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Tuesday, part of China s ambitious Belt and Road plan linking China with Asia, Europe and beyond. China has tried to position itself as a helpful party to promote talks between Pakistan and Afghanistan, both uneasy neighbors ever since Pakistan s independence in 1947. Their ties have been poisoned in recent years by Afghan accusations that Pakistan is supporting Taliban insurgents fighting the U.S.-backed Kabul in order to limit the influence of its old rival, India, in Afghanistan. Pakistan denies that and says it wants to see a peaceful, stable Afghanistan. Speaking after the first trilateral meeting between the foreign ministers of China, Pakistan and Afghanistan, Wang said China hoped the economic corridor could benefit the whole region and act as an impetus for development. Afghanistan has urgent need to develop and improve people s lives and hopes it can join inter-connectivity initiatives, Wang told reporters, as he announced that Pakistan and Afghanistan had agreed to mend their strained relations.  So China and Pakistan are willing to look at with Afghanistan, on the basis of win-win, mutually beneficial principles, using an appropriate means to extend the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor to Afghanistan,  he added. How that could happen needs the three countries to reach a gradual consensus, tackling easier, smaller projects first, Wang said, without giving details. Pakistani Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif said his country and China were  iron brothers , but did not directly mention the prospect of Afghanistan joining the corridor.  The successful implementation of CPEC (China-Pakistan Economic Corridor) projects will serve as a model for enhancing connectivity and cooperation through similar projects with neighboring countries, including Afghanistan, Iran and with central and west Asia,  he said. India has looked askance at the project as parts of it run through Pakistan-administered Kashmir that India considers its own territory, though Wang said the plan had nothing to do with territorial disputes. China has sought to bring Kabul and Islamabad together partly due to Chinese fears about the spread of Islamist militancy from Pakistan and Afghanistan to the unrest-prone far western Chinese region of Xinjiang. As such, China has pushed for Pakistan and Afghanistan to improve their own ties so they can better tackle the violence in their respective countries, and has also tried to broker peace talks with Afghan Taliban militants, to limited effect. A tentative talks process collapsed in 2015. Wang said China fully supported peace talks between the Afghan government and Taliban and would continue to provide  necessary facilitation . The Belt and Road infrastructure drive aims to build a modern-day  Silk Road  connecting China to economies in Southeast and Central Asia by land and the Middle East and Europe by sea.  ",1
11384,Japan considers refitting helicopter carrier for stealth fighters: government sources,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan is considering refitting the Izumo helicopter carrier so that it can land U.S. Marines F-35B stealth fighters, government sources said on Tuesday, as Tokyo faces China s maritime expansion and North Korea s missile and nuclear development. Japan has not had fully fledged aircraft carriers since its World War Two defeat in 1945.  Any refit of the Izumo would be aimed at preparing for a scenario in which runways in Japan had been destroyed by missile attacks, and at bolstering defense around Japan s southwestern islands, where China s maritime activity has increased. Three government sources close to the matter said the Japanese government was keeping in sight the possible future procurement of F-35B fighter jets, which can take off and land vertically, as it looks into the remodeling of the Izumo. The 248-metre (814-feet) Izumo, Japan s largest warship equipped with a flat flight deck, was designed with an eye to hosting F-35B fighters. Its elevator connecting the deck with the hangar can carry the aircraft, the sources said.  Possible refitting measures included adding a curved ramp at the end of the flight deck, improving the deck s heat resistance against jet burners, and reinforcing the ship s air traffic control capability, they said. However, Japanese Defence Minister Itsunori Onodera said the government was not taking any concrete steps towards refitting the Izumo.  Regarding our defense posture, we are constantly conducting various examinations. But no concrete examination is under way on the introduction of F-35B or remodeling of Izumo-class destroyers,  Onodera told reporters on Tuesday. The Izumo has a sister ship called the Kaga. Japan has frequently conducted joint drills with U.S. aircraft carriers in recent months to boost deterrence against North Korea.  One of the three government sources called such exercises  a great opportunity to see with our own eyes how the U.S. military operates their aircraft carriers  as Japan looks into the possible conversion of the Izumo into an aircraft carrier. Regional tension has soared since North Korea conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test in September. Pyongyang said a month later it had successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile that could reach all of the U.S. mainland. Japan is also wary of China s long-range missiles, and would like to secure measures to launch fighters from aircraft carriers in case runways operated by U.S. forces in Japan or by Japan s Air Self-Defence Force were destroyed by missiles. Article 9 of Japan s pacifist constitution, if taken literally, bans the maintenance of armed forces. However, Japanese governments have interpreted it to allow a military exclusively for self-defense. Owning an aircraft carrier could raise a question of constitutionality, the sources said, so the government is set to address the issue in its new National Defence Programme Guidelines to be compiled by the end of 2018. ",1
11385,Peru's Kuczynski urges people to accept Fujimori pardon and 'turn the page',"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski defended his pardon for Alberto Fujimori on Monday as justified clemency for an ailing man whose authoritarian government in the 1990s helped the country progress, after Peruvians protested for a second day. Addressing Peruvians for the first time since pardoning Fujimori on Christmas Eve, Kuczynski appealed to Peruvians protesting his decision to  turn the page  and accept it. The pardon has pitched Kuczynski s center-right government into a fresh political crisis less than a week after Congress nearly removed him from office in the wake of a graft scandal. Earlier on Monday, police fired tear gas to disperse crowds in downtown Lima in a second day of unrest, while a third lawmaker announced he was abandoning Kuczynski s political party. Fujimori, who like Kuczynski is 79, is a deeply divisive figure in Peru. While many consider him a corrupt dictator, others credit him with ending a severe economic crisis and quashing a leftist rebellion during his decade in power. The pardon cleared Fujimori of convictions for graft and human rights crimes, 12 years into a 25-year prison sentence. Kuczynski, a former Wall Street banker, reiterated that the pardon was a response to fears that Fujimori might die in prison. But - for the first time since running for office a year ago - he also defended Fujimori s decade in power.  It s clear his government, which inherited a country submerged in a violent and chaotic crisis at the start of the 1990s, incurred in significant legal transgressions regarding democracy and human rights. But I also think his government contributed to national progress,  Kuczynski said in a televised address. The remarks placed Kuczynski more firmly on Fujimori s side of Peru s biggest political faultline, and triggered a fresh wave of criticism of Kuczynski from Fujimori s foes.  You ve got to be pretty stingy, President Kuczynski, to not say a word of solidarity for the victims and their loved ones,  Gisela Ortiz, a Peruvian human rights activist, said on Twitter after his speech. Just a week ago, Kuczynski fanned fears of a new rise of Fujimori s rightwing movement, denouncing its bid to remove him from office as a legislative  coup  attempt that threatened Peru s democracy. Many of Fujimori s detractors, who helped Kuczynski win last year s runoff election, joined Kuczynski in calling for lawmakers to defeat the  presidential vacancy  motion. But it was a rebel faction among Fujimori s supporters in Congress which unexpectedly saved Kuczynski from the vote, fueling speculation that it was part of a deal to trade votes for a pardon for Fujimori.  The pardon s for President Kuczynski, it s not for Fujimori,  leftist lawmaker Marisa Glave said on local TV channel Canal N. The lawyer who defended Kuczynski before Congress last week, Alberto Borea, said he was opposed to the pardon and did not know it was in the works. Chanting  traitor  and  the pardon has got to go,  many Peruvians marching on Monday called for Kucyznski to resign and new elections to be held. So far, three ruling party lawmakers have announced their resignations from Kuczynski s party, which controls about a fifth of congressional seats. The deputy human rights minister has also resigned, a government source said. Fujimori remained at a hospital in Lima, where he was taken from prison late on Sunday to treat a drop in his blood pressure and an abnormal heart beat, according to his doctor. ",1
11386,Mexican police arrest suspect in crime journalist's murder,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A man alleged to be behind the murder this year of a crime reporter in northern Mexico has been arrested by federal police, Chihuahua state Governor Javier Corral said in a statement on Monday. The suspect, identified as Juan Carlos Moreno Ochoa, alias  El Larry , was detained in the neighboring border state of Sonora on Monday and was allegedly the  intellectual author  of the murder of journalist Miroslava Breach, the statement said. Breach was shot several times as she drove out of her garage on March 23. One of her children was with her in the car, but was not hurt. A man alleged to be the gunman in Breach s murder, Ramon Andres Zavala, was assassinated last week in Sonora, Corral s statement said.  Moreno Ochoa was scheduled to be brought before a judge later on Monday to begin proceedings against him, the statement said. Reuters was unable to locate Moreno Ochoa s lawyer. At least 16 journalists have been killed in Mexico in the last three years, and 43 since 1992, making Mexico one of the world s most dangerous countries for reporters, according to the Committee to Project Journalists.     ",1
11387,Peru president pardons ex-leader Fujimori; foes take to streets,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski pardoned former authoritarian leader Alberto Fujimori late on Sunday, triggering Christmas Eve street clashes as protesters denounced the decision as part of a crude political deal. The decision clears Fujimori of convictions for human rights crimes and graft when his right-wing government was in power from 1990 to 2000, and could define Kuczynski s legacy and rewrite political alliances. At least two ministers in Kuczynski s cabinet who objected to the pardon told him they wanted to resign, and Kuczynski might reshuffle the cabinet as early as this week, a government source said. Two ruling party lawmakers quit his party as his political group planned next steps. Kuczynski, a former Wall Street banker who vowed as a candidate not to pardon Fujimori, based his decision on a medical review that found Fujimori suffered from  a progressive, degenerative and incurable disease , according to a statement from the president s office. Late on Sunday, Fujimori was taken to hospital from prison by ambulance to treat a drop in blood pressure and abnormal heart beat. But many in Peru saw the pardon as part of a quid pro quo. Three days earlier, Fujimori s loyalists - led by his lawmaker son Kenji - unexpectedly saved Kuczynski from a vote in Congress that nearly removed him from office. In a video Kenji shared on social media, a gray-haired Fujimori, connected to tubes in hospital, was seen smiling after reading Kuczynski s announcement of the pardon on a cellphone with Kenji.  To save his own skin he cut a deal with Fujimori s supporters to infamously pardon a corrupt killer,  said Veronika Mendoza, a leftist leader who competed against Kuczynski in last year s presidential election. Kuczynski s center-right government has repeatedly denied that a pardon for Fujimori was part of political negotiations. Fujimori is a deeply divisive figure in Peru. While many consider him a corrupt dictator, others credit him with ending an economic crisis and bloody leftist insurgency when in power.  He s the best president Peru ever had,  said Maria Luisa Cuculiza, a friend and former minister of Fujimori, adding that he no longer had any political ambitions.  He doesn t want to return to politics. He just wants to be a good grandfather,  Cuculiza told Reuters by telephone. Police fired teargas at scores of Fujimori s opponents in downtown Lima, who waved pictures of the victims of a bloody counterinsurgency campaign during his term.  Officers in riot gear stood guard at Kuczynski s house in the capital s San Isidro financial district as protesters called for the march to make its way there. Fujimori s family and supporters cheered the pardon as a long-overdue vindication for a misunderstood hero. Holding a vigil at the hospital where Fujimori remained late on Sunday, his followers waved banners reading  Freedom for Fujimori!  But the pardon was a blow to the relatives of victims, prosecutors and human rights activists who helped put Fujimori behind bars in a lengthy judicial process that earned Peru global plaudits for fighting impunity. Kuczynski,  you ve betrayed justice, democracy and victims. History will never forgive you,  said Indira Huilca, a leftist lawmaker whose union leader father was shot dead in 1992 in what the Inter-American Court of Human Rights deemed an extrajudicial killing. Kuczynski, who like Fujimori is 79, ran for office to cap a prestigious career in finance and public administration. The pardon may expose him to allegations of ideological bias as he leads regional criticism of leftist Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, whom he has called a  dictator.  The pardon might also prompt one of the biggest political realignments in Peru since Fujimori fled to his parents  homeland of Japan in 2000 as a corruption scandal brought his decade in power to an end. Fujimori was extradited back to Peru in 2007 and later found guilty of commanding death squads that massacred civilians, bribing lawmakers and having a hand in the kidnapping a journalist, among other crimes. Despite his downfall, the right-wing populist movement that Fujimori built has remained one of the most potent political forces in Peru. His eldest daughter, Keiko, leads the opposition party Popular Force that controls Congress, while Kenji has courted ties with Kuczynski s government as he challenges his sister s past decade of leadership of their father s populist following. On Thursday, Kenji led a surprise defection in Popular Force that deprived Keiko s followers of the votes they needed to remove Kuczynski from office in the wake of a graft scandal.  We re eternally grateful to you,  Kenji told Kuczynski on Twitter, noting that he was speaking for Fujimori s family. Kenji said Fujimori was recovering in intensive care and would not likely go home for a few days. As the pardon inflamed long-dormant political tension in Peru, a representative of the political arm of the Maoist-inspired rebel group Shining Path called for Kuczynski to release its historic leader.   Freedom for Dr Abimael Guzman Reinoso!  Guzman s attorney, Alfredo Crespo, wrote in a message to journalists.   Enough of hate and persecution!  ",1
11388,Fujimori family pulls Peru back into political turmoil,"LIMA (Reuters) - The Fujimori clan is at it again. Nearly two decades since Alberto Fujimori and his family occupied Peru s presidential palace and gripped the Andean nation s attention during one of its most turbulent chapters, they are once more at the center of political upheaval. Now an ailing and grey-haired 79-year-old, Fujimori became a free man on Christmas Eve thanks to a pardon from President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, clearing him of graft and rights convictions less than halfway into a 25-year jail sentence. The decision, stunning Peruvians as they sat readied their holiday feasts, triggered clashes between police and protesters and could reshape Peruvian politics for years. Fujimori had unsuccessfully sought a pardon from two previous presidents, but secured one from Kuczynski after benefiting from a political rivalry between two of his children, Keiko and Kenji. The siblings lead separate factions of the rightwing party, Popular Force, which grew out of the populist movement their father founded in the 1990s and now controls Congress. Last week, Kuczynski was nearly removed from office by loyalists to Keiko in the wake of a graft scandal, Kenji and nine of his followers saved the president with abstention votes. Kuczynski denies the pardon was part of a pact, and Fujimori s supporters hail it as an overdue humanitarian gesture due to health problems they say put the former president s life at risk. Yet what is undisputed is the central role that the Fujimoris, descendants of the Japanese diaspora, continue to play in Peruvian politics - long after Alberto s authoritarian government imploded in a graft scandal in 2000.  The Fujimori dynasty will be with us for a while still,  said Fernando Tuesta, a political scientist at the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru. The family saga was a reminder of the enduring support authoritarian movements often enjoy long after they fall, especially when subsequent democratic leaders - bound by institutional limits - disappoint, Tuesta said. Since first riding onto Peru s political scene on a tractor in Peru s 1990 election, Fujimori has been admired by many in Peru s poorer provinces, where he had schools and roads built and wielded an iron fist against leftist Maoist rebels. Kenji, 37, was widely seen as having presidential ambitions after Keiko s two failed bids to reach Peru s highest office and may launch a bid in the 2021 race. Once best known as the boy Fujimori publicly doted on during his decade in power, Kenji has since turned his carefree juvenile image into an asset that contrasts with the 42-year-old Keiko s more composed persona. Miguel Campoblanco, Kenji s friend in school, recalled parties with classmates at the presidential palace and the occasional military helicopter ride to the jungle.   He always looked up to his father. I remember in sixth grade he used to say,  I m going to be president like my dad,  said Campoblanco. After his father, Kenji may emerge as the biggest winner from the pardon. Having long led calls for his father s release, he has seized the spotlight in events surrounding the pardon. On Saturday, Kenji rode in the passenger seat of an ambulance chased by news cameras as it rushed Fujimori to the hospital, and later shared a video that showed the father-and-son duo celebrating news of the pardon.  He s the good son,  said political analyst Ivan Lanegra.  But his political career thus far had one goal: his father s freedom.  The siblings might reconcile now that their father is free and it becomes politically convenient, added Lanegra. Keiko has spent the past decade turning her father s populist following into the country s most powerful political party. At 19, Keiko became Peru s first lady after their parents  acrimonious divorce. The secretary general of Keiko s party, Jose Chlimper - a former minister in her father s government - said she was paying the price for keeping a campaign promise to not seek her father s freedom through politics.  Keiko doesn t lie,  said Chlimper, betting she would eventually come out stronger for it.  I worked with ex-President Fujimori. And I wonder if he s going to be happy leaving his unjust imprisonment in this way.  ",1
11389,"For Iraq's Christians, a bittersweet first Christmas home after Islamic State","TELESKOF, Iraq (Reuters) - Inside the newly renovated Church of Saint George in the Northern Iraqi town of Teleskof, Hayat Chamoun Daoud led children dressed as Santa Claus singing  Jingle Bells  in Aramaic. Like every other resident of Teleskof, this was Daoud s first Christmas back home in three years, since Islamic State militants overran her town and forcibly displaced its 12,000-strong Chaldean Christian community.    It s so special to be back in my church, the church where I got married, the church I raised my children in,  the school headmistress said, tears in her eyes. Faced with a choice to convert, pay a tax or die, Daoud, like many other Christians in the Nineveh Plains, chose to flee. Most sought refuge in nearby towns and cities, but many sought permanent asylum abroad. Though the militants were only in Teleskof for a few days, residents only began returning home earlier this year.  On Sunday, they celebrated their first Christmas together again at the town s main church, which was overflowing. Hundreds of congregants, dressed in their finest, poured in to pray and receive communion from Father Salar Bodagh, who later lit the traditional bonfire in the church s courtyard, a symbol of renewal he said. Despite the obvious joys of being able to celebrate openly once again, it was a bittersweet Christmas for most across the Nineveh Plains, the epicenter of Iraq s ancient Christian communities which can trace their history in the country back two millennia. Though Iraq declared full victory over the militants just two weeks ago after a brutal three-year war, the damage done to Christian enclaves was extensive, and left many wondering whether they could overcome their recent history. Islamic State ravaged Christian areas, looting and burning down homes and churches, stripping them of all valuable artifacts and smashing relics.  The damage in Qaraqosh, a town 15 km (10 miles) west of Mosul also known as Hamdaniya, was extensive, particularly to the town s ancient churches. At the Syrian Catholic Church of the Immaculate, congregants gathered for midnight Mass on Sunday surrounded by scorched and blackened walls, still tagged with Islamic State graffiti. They also sat on donated plastic chairs - the church has not yet been able to replace the wooden pews the militants used to fuel the massive fire which engulfed the church. Most families will require tens of thousands of dollars to repair their homes and replace their stolen goods. But most say they can overcome the material damage, unlike the forced separation of their families. Before the militant onslaught, Qaraqosh was the largest Christian settlement in Iraq, with a population of more than 50,000. But today, only a few hundred families have returned. Entire congregations have moved overseas, such as the Syriac Orthodox congregation of the Church of Mart Shmony. On Saturday afternoon, Father Butros Kappa, the head of Qaraqosh s Church of the Immaculate was trying hard to summon any sense of hope to deliver his congregation during Christmas Mass.  We ll have a Christmas Mass like in previous years, but this year, ours will be a joy soaked in tears, because all of our people have left Iraq,  said Father Kappa.  Holding Mass in the singed and upturned ruins of his church was therefore important, he said,  to remind everyone that despite the tragedies that have befallen us, we re still here.  In Teleskof, 30 km (20 miles) north of Mosul and itself one of the oldest continuing Christian communities in the world, some families were skipping Mass altogether upset at their forced dispersal.   We usually celebrate with our entire family,  said Umm Rita, as she prepared the traditional Christmas Day dish of pacha (sheep s head, trotters and stomach all slowly boiled) at her home.  But how can we be happy this year? Our brothers and sisters, even my own daughter, her husband and child I ve never met have all moved away.  Community leaders estimate more than 7,000 of Teleskof s residents are now scattered across Iraq and it s semi-autonomous Kurdistan Region, the United States, Australia, Germany, Lebanon and Jordan.  Amid ongoing tensions between the central government in Baghdad and Iraq s Kurds after a referendum on Kurdish independence was held over Baghdad s objections in September, Teleskof s residents fear violence once again.  We just want to live in peace,  said Umm Rita.  We are more anxious now than when Islamic State was in our homes.   Our community has been gutted,  said Firas Abdelwahid, a 76-year-old former state oil employee, of the thousands who have sought permanent shelter overseas. Watching children play by the church bonfire, he felt melancholy.  But what do we expect? The past is tragic, the present is desperate and well, there is no future for us Christians in Iraq.  ",1
11390,Syrian rebel groups reject Russian-sponsored Sochi conference,"AMMAN (Reuters) - Syrian rebel groups on Monday rejected Russia s planned Sochi conference on Syria, saying Moscow was seeking to bypass a U.N.-based Geneva peace process and blaming Russia for committing war crimes in the war-torn country. In a statement by around 40 rebel groups who include some of the military factions who participated in earlier rounds of Geneva peace talks, they said Moscow had not put pressure on the Syrian government to reach a political settlement.  Russia has not contributed one step to easing the suffering of Syrians and has not pressured the regime that it claims it is a guarantor by move in any real path towards a solution,  the rebel statement said. Russia, which has emerged as the dominant player in Syria after a major military intervention over two years ago, received backing from Turkey and Iran for holding a Syrian national dialogue congress in the Russian city of Sochi on Jan. 29-30.  Russia is an aggressor country that has committed war crimes against Syrians... It stood with the regime militarily and defended its politically and over seven years preventing U.N. condemnation of (Syrian President Bashar) Assad s regime,  the statement said. Moscow says it targets militants but rebels and residents say the Russian air strikes conducted since a major aerial campaign over two years ago has caused hundreds of civilian casualties in indiscriminate bombing of civilian areas away from the frontline. Some rebels said they had not yet made up their mind. U.N. Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura said that Russia s plan to convene the congress should be assessed by its ability to contribute to and support the U.N.-led Geneva talks on ending the war in Syria. ",1
11391,"'God bless you', Netanyahu tells Guatemalan president over Jerusalem embassy move","JERUSALEM/GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked Guatemala with a  God bless you  on Monday for deciding to move its embassy to Jerusalem, while the Palestinians said the Central American country was  on the wrong side of history . In an official Facebook post on Sunday, Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales said he had chosen to relocate the embassy from Tel Aviv - siding with the United States in a dispute over Jerusalem s status - after talking to Netanyahu. [L1N1OO0F7] U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel on Dec. 6, reversing decades of U.S. policy and upsetting the Arab world and Western allies. On Thursday, 128 countries rebuked Trump by backing a non-binding U.N. General Assembly resolution calling on the United States to drop its recognition of Jerusalem.  God bless you, my friend, President Jimmy Morales, God bless both our countries, Israel and Guatemala,  Netanyahu said, switching to English, in remarks to a weekly meeting of his Likud party faction in parliament. Guatemala and neighboring Honduras were two of only a handful of countries to join Israel and the United States, which has pledged to move its embassy to Jerusalem, in voting against the U.N. resolution. The United States is an important source of assistance to Guatemala and Honduras, and Trump had threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that supported the U.N. resolution. The status of Jerusalem is one of the thorniest obstacles to an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a state they want to establish in the occupied West Bank and in the Gaza Strip. The international community does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over the entire city, home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian religions. The official Palestinian news agency WAFA quoted Foreign Minister Riyad Al-Maliki as saying that Morales was  dragging his country to the wrong side of history by committing a flagrant violation of international law . Prior to 1980, Guatemala - along with Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Haiti, The Netherlands, Panama, Venezuela and Uruguay - maintained an embassy in Jerusalem. Israel s passage in June 1980 of a law proclaiming Jerusalem its  indivisible and eternal capital  led to a U.N. Security Council resolution calling upon those countries to move their embassies to Tel Aviv, prompting their transfer. Israel s ambassador to Guatemala, Matty Cohen, said on Army Radio that no date had been set for the embassy move,  but it will happen after  the United States relocates its own embassy to Jerusalem. U.S. officials have said that move could take at least two years. ",1
11392,Three people die in avalanches in Swiss Alps,"ZURICH (Reuters) - Three people have died in separate avalanche accidents in the Swiss Alps, police said on Monday. A man who was skiing close to the 2,844-metre high Hofathorn, in the southern canton of Wallis, died after being carried away by an avalanche on Monday morning. The 39-year-old from the Wallis region was quickly found and recovered by his friends but was confirmed dead at the scene by emergency services. Police in Graubunden, in the east of Switzerland, said a tourist who went missing on Saturday had also been found dead. The 31-year-old Frenchman had tried to climb the Glattwang mountain alone on Saturday afternoon after skiing with his girlfriend. When he did not return, a search was launched and the man s body was found in a ravine on Sunday morning. Police said he had triggered an avalanche on his descent which carried him more than a kilometre over rocky terrain. Separately, one of three walkers buried by a snow drift in Wallis on Saturday has died, Swiss broadcaster SRF reported, quoting the police.  The group was hiking at a height of 2,700 meters in the St Luc region when the accident happened. One of them managed to get free and make an emergency call which allowed the others to be rescued. All three were flown to hospital, where one, a 29-year-old woman from the Swiss canton of Vaud, died of her injuries on  Sunday evening, SRF said. (This version of the story corrects paragraph four to make clear Graubunden is in the east of Switzerland, not the west) ",1
11393,"Mideast needs two-state solution, Pope says in Christmas message","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis used his Christmas message on Monday to call for a negotiated two-state solution to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, after U.S. President Donald Trump stoked regional tensions with his recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. Francis spoke of the Middle East conflict and other world flashpoints in his  Urbi et Orbi  (to the city and the world) address, four days after more than 120 countries backed a U.N. resolution urging the United States to reverse its decision on Jerusalem.  Let us pray that the will to resume dialogue may prevail between the parties and that a negotiated solution can finally be reached, one that would allow the peaceful coexistence of two states within mutually agreed and internationally recognized borders,  he said, referring to the Israelis and Palestinians.  We see Jesus in the children of the Middle East who continue to suffer because of growing tensions between Israelis and Palestinians,  he said in his address, delivered from the balcony of St. Peter s Basilica to tens of thousands of people. It was the second time that the pope has spoken out publicly about Jerusalem since Trump s decision on Dec. 6. On that day, Francis called for the city s  status quo  to be respected, lest new tensions in the Middle East further inflame world conflicts.  Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of their future independent state, whereas Israel has declared the whole city to be its  united and eternal  capital. Francis, leader of the world s 1.2 billion Roman Catholics, urged people to see the defenseless baby Jesus in the children who suffer the most from war, migration and natural calamities caused by man today.  Today, as the winds of war are blowing in our world ... Christmas invites us to focus on the sign of the child and to recognize him in the faces of little children, especially those for whom, like Jesus,  there is no place in the inn,  he said. Francis, celebrating the fifth Christmas of his pontificate, said he had seen Jesus in the children he met during his recent trip to Myanmar and Bangladesh, and he called for adequate protection of the dignity of minority groups in that region. More than 600,000 Muslim Rohingya people have fled mainly Buddhist Myanmar to Bangladesh in recent months. The pope had to tread a delicate diplomatic line during his visit, avoiding the word  Rohingya  while in Myanmar, which does not recognize them as a minority group, though he used the term when in Bangladesh.  Jesus knows well the pain of not being welcomed and how hard it is not to have a place to lay one s head. May our hearts not be closed as they were in the homes of Bethlehem,  he said. He also urged the world to see Jesus in the innocent children suffering from wars in Syria and Iraq and also in Yemen, complaining that its people had been  largely forgotten, with serious humanitarian implications for its people, who suffer from hunger and the spread of diseases . He also listed conflicts affecting children in South Sudan, Somalia, Burundi, Democratic Republic of Congo, Central African Republic, Ukraine and Venezuela. At his Christmas Eve Mass in St. Peter s Basilica on Sunday, Francis strongly defended immigrants, comparing them to Mary and Joseph finding no place to stay in Bethlehem and saying faith demands that foreigners be welcomed. ",1
11394,Topless Femen activist tries to snatch Jesus statue from Vatican crib,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - A topless activist from the feminist group Femen tried to snatch the statue of the baby Jesus from the Nativity scene in St. Peter s Square on Monday but was stopped by police as she grabbed it. A Reuters photographer said the woman jumped over guard rails and rushed onto the larger-than-life Nativity scene shouting  God is woman . She had the same slogan painted on her bare back. A Vatican gendarme stopped her from taking the statue and she was detained. The incident happened about two hours before Pope Francis delivered his Christmas message to some 50,000 people in the square. The group s website identified her as Alisa Vinogradova and called her a  sextremist . It says the goal of the group, which was founded in Ukraine, is  complete victory over patriarchy . A Femen activist staged a similar action on Christmas Day 2014 but managed to take the statue out of the crib before she was arrested. (This version of the story corrects the year in the final paragraph) ",1
11395,Attackers torch Democratic Republic of Congo president's property,"GOMA, Democratic Republic of Congo (Reuters) - A home belonging to Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila has been attacked and a policeman died in the incident, local lawmakers and U.N. sponsored radio said on Monday. Photos posted on social media showed the main house on the farm, located near the village of Musienene in North Kivu province in the east of the country, was gutted by fire.  Kabila was not at the property during the attack which took place overnight from Sunday to Monday.  It was not immediately known who was responsible for the raid. The body of the policeman who died was burned, a local government official said.    Congo is embroiled in a political crisis linked to Kabila s refusal to step down as president when his mandate expired a year ago while militia violence and political unrest are increasing.  We firmly condemn this barbarous act and call on the population ... to disassociate from any actions likely to compromise peace and development in this part of the country,  lawmakers said in a statement.  More than a decade after the end of a 1998-2003 war in which millions of people died, mostly from hunger and disease, rebel fighters and local militias stalk Congo s mineral-rich eastern borderlands. The armies of Congo and neighboring Uganda launched a joint operation against the Congo-based, Ugandan Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) last week. The Islamist rebel group is suspected of being behind a Dec. 8 attack on a United Nations base in North Kivu that killed 15 Tanzanian peacekeepers and five Congolese soldiers.  The ADF has been blamed for a wave of attacks and massacres in the area. Raids by local Mai Mai militia fighters are also growing increasingly frequent.   ",1
11396,"Syrian, Iranian backed forces advance in border area near Israel","AMMAN (Reuters) - Syrian army forces backed by Iranian-backed militias pushed deeper into the last rebel-held enclave near a strategic border area with Israel and Lebanon in a new expansion of Tehran s influence in the war-torn country. The army and the Shi ite forces helped by Druze militias in the area advanced east and south of the Sunni-rebel held bastion of Beit Jin backed by some of the heaviest aerial bombing and artillery shelling since a major assault began more than two months ago to seize the area, rebels said. The Syrian army said it had encircled the village of Mughr al Meer at the foothills of Mount Hermon as troops moved toward Beit Jin amid fierce clashes. On Monday, the army said they had cut off insurgent supply lines and made further advances.  The enclave is the last rebel bastion left in the southwest of Damascus known as the Western Ghouta that had since last year fallen under government control after months of heavy bombing on civilian areas and years of siege tactics that forced rebels to surrender. A western intelligence source confirmed rebel reports that Iranian-backed local militias alongside commanders from the powerful Lebanese Hezbollah Shi ite group were playing a major role in the ongoing battles. Tehran was pushing to establish a strategic presence along the Israeli border in the Syrian Golan Heights, the source said.  Rebels said they had repelled several attempts to storm their defenses and denied reports they were about to surrender.  The Iranian-backed militias are trying to consolidate their sphere of influence all the way from southwest of Damascus to the Israeli border,  said Suhaib al Ruhail, an official from the Liwa al Furqan rebel group that operates in the area. Worried by Iran s expanding influence in Syria after the defeat of Islamic State, Israel has in recent weeks stepped up its strikes against suspected Iranian targets inside Syria. Early this month there was an Israeli strike on a base near Kiswah, south of Damascus, that was widely believed to be an Iranian military compound, a Western intelligence source said. Israel has been lobbying Washington and Moscow to deny Iran, Lebanon s Hezbollah and other Shi ite militias any permanent bases in Syria, and to keep them away from the Golan, as they gain ground while helping Damascus beat back Sunni-led rebels. The southwest of Syria is part of a de-escalation zone in southern Syria agreed last July between Russia and the United States, the first such understanding between the two powers. The area has not seen Russian bombing, unlike other ceasefire areas in Syria. Diplomatic sources say several thousand Shi ite and Druze fighters are pitted against hundreds of Sunni jihadists and mainstream Free Syria Army (FSA) rebels closing ranks under the banner of Itihad Quwt Jabal al Sheikh, or  Union of fighters of Jabal al Sheikh . They are mainly drawn from local fighters from the area. With the army and Iranian backed offensive widening, the Sunni rebels have called on youths to enlist, while mosque imams in Beit Jin called on people to take up arms and fight the army. Rebels still have a sizeable presence in central and southern Quneitra, in the Syrian Golan Heights. Western diplomatic sources say the crushing of the Sunni rebel presence in areas they have been in since 2013 will allow Lebanon s Hezbollah to open another secure arms supply line from its border in southern Lebanon into Syria. Since the beginning of the conflict in Syria, Iran has had a growing presence in the country, deploying thousands of Shi ite fighters drawn from Iraq and Afghanistan who have fought against both mainstream Sunni rebel groups and more militant groups.   ",1
11397,Nigerian army says it repels suspected Boko Haram militant attack,"MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Nigeria s army said it had repelled an attack on Monday by suspected Boko Haram militants on the city at the center of the conflict with the Islamist insurgency. Major General Nicholas Rogers, who heads Nigeria s military operations against Boko Haram, told Reuters that the situation in Maiduguri, in the northeast of Nigeria, was under control. He did not give further details. The government says it is on alert for Boko Haram attacks during the Christmas period and other festivals for Christians and Muslims. Embassies regularly warn their nationals to be cautious and avoid public spaces at those times.  Heavy gunfire was heard in the Molai area on the outskirts of the city on Monday evening, prompting residents to flee the district, two residents and an officer in a local vigilante group had said. The vigilante commander, who asked not to be identified, said his group had joined the effort to repel the attackers. There were no immediate reports of casualties nor any immediate claim of responsibility. It was also not immediately possible to identify the target of the assault. Boko Haram has in the past targeted places of worship during religious celebrations, including attacking churches at Christmas or mosques during Muslim festivals or prayer times. The last major Boko Haram attack on Maiduguri, a mainly Muslim city with a Christian minority, was in June, when the group launched an assault on the eve of a visit by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo. President Muhammadu Buhari s administration has previously said Boko Haram was almost defeated but the latest attack shows the group s continued ability to stage hit-and-run raids, prompting a renewed government push against the militants. The Nigerian government approved the release of $1 billion last week from a state oil fund to help with the fight.  Nigeria s long-term plan is to corral civilians inside fortified garrison towns, a move that effectively cedes the rural areas to Boko Haram. Nigeria replaced its previous military commander of the fight against Boko Haram after half a year in the post. Military sources told Reuters this followed a series of  embarrassing  attacks by the militants. ",1
11398,"Queen Elizabeth praises British spirit in Christmas address after attacks, fire","SANDRINGHAM, England (Reuters) - Britain s Queen Elizabeth praised the resilience of London and Manchester after  appalling attacks , in a Christmas message that also paid tribute to her husband, Prince Philip, who retired from regular royal duties this year. The  powerful identities  of the capital and the northern English city had shone through after militant attacks as well as a devastating fire that destroyed the residential tower block Grenfell Tower in London, the Queen said. The 91 year-old monarch, whose televised address is an essential part of a traditional Christmas in Britain, said it had been a privilege to visit victims of the bomb attack at a pop concert in Manchester, as she was able to witness the bravery and resilience of survivors first-hand. On the 60th anniversary of her first televised Christmas address, Elizabeth said her reflections on the year had made her   grateful for the blessings of home and family , and praised her husband and his  unique  sense of humor. The 96-year-old prince, also known as the Duke of Edinburgh, has been at the queen s side throughout her 65 years on the throne, and has often grabbed the headlines with his off-color comments. Elizabeth, the world s longest reigning monarch, celebrated her platinum wedding anniversary in November. Philip retired from regular royal duties over the summer having carried out more than 22,000 solo engagements.  I don t know that anyone had invented the term  platinum  for a 70th wedding anniversary when I was born. You weren t expected to be around that long,  she said.   Even Prince Philip has decided it s time to slow down a little   having, as he economically put it,  done his bit . But I know his support and unique sense of humor will remain as strong as ever.      Philip has continued to make occasional appearances, and joined other members of the royal family at a Christmas Day church service on their country estate in Sandringham. Also joining them for the service was Prince Harry s fiancee Meghan Markle who is spending Christmas with the royals. The American actress wore a distinctive brown hat as she arrived alongside the Queen s grandson Harry, his elder brother William and his wife Kate.  As they left, both couples briefly chatted to some well-wishers who had gathered to glimpse the royals on Christmas morning. The Queen, who missed last year s service with a heavy cold, said in her address that she was looking forward to welcoming new members into the royal family next year. As well as Markle, who will marry Harry in May, Kate is expecting a third child. The royal Christmas broadcast dates back to King George V in 1932 when it was on the radio. It was first televised in 1957. ",1
11399,Nigerian military says it repels suspected Boko Haram attack,"BAUCHI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Nigeria s military has repelled an attack on Monday by suspected Boko Haram militants on the outskirts of the northeastern city of Maiduguri, the regional army commander said. The situation is now under control, Major General Nicholas Rogers, who heads Nigeria s military operations against Boko Haram, told Reuters by phone. ",1
11400,Canada to expel Venezuelan diplomat in retaliatory move,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada will expel a Venezuelan diplomat and also bar the country s ambassador from returning, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said on Monday, two days after Venezuela booted out Canada s envoy for criticizing its rights record. Western nations and Latin American neighbors have been increasingly critical of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro this year, accusing him of stamping on democracy and human rights.  Venezuela says foreign governments are trying to encourage a right-wing coup. On Saturday, it also expelled the Brazilian envoy. Venezuela had already withdrawn its ambassador to Canada in protest over sanctions against the Maduro regime that Canada imposed in September.  In a statement, Freeland said the ambassador was no longer welcome in Canada and that Venezuela s charge d affaires is persona non grata. Venezuela s expulsion of the Canadian diplomat over the weekend, she said, was  typical of the Maduro regime, which has consistently undermined all efforts to restore democracy and to help the Venezuelan people.   Canadians will not stand by as the Government of Venezuela robs its people of their fundamental democratic and human rights, and denies them access to basic humanitarian assistance,  she said in the statement. Canada in September, following a similar move by the United States, imposed targeted sanctions against 40 Venezuelan senior officials, including Maduro, to punish them for  anti-democratic behavior.  The ministers of defense and the interior as well as several Supreme Court judges were also among those targeted by the measures.  Canada is a member of the 12-nation Lima Group, which is trying to address the Venezuelan crisis and which next meets in Chile in January. ",1
11401,Putin says Russia should scrap profit tax on repatriated funds,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia should scrap the 13 percent profit tax on funds repatriated from abroad and renew an amnesty from penalties for businesses returning capital, as Washington moves toward tougher sanctions, President Vladimir Putin said on Monday. Amid huge capital outflows in 2014, deteriorating relations with the West over the Ukraine conflict and weak oil prices, Moscow offered the amnesty for those returning capital to Russia.  The amnesty, which expired in mid-2016, scrapped responsibility for past taxes and currency violations for those who declared assets abroad. But few agreed to take part in the amnesty. Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said on Friday that his ministry was proposing such an amnesty be restored in 2018 for at least a year. Speaking at the meeting with the leadership of the Russian parliament, Putin said he had two proposals which he had not previously spoken about publicly.  The first is to extend the amnesty timeline, I mean external restrictions are not easing, but, on the contrary, tending to rise,  he said. U.S. President Donald Trump signed into law a new package of sanctions in August. One provision asked the U.S. Treasury Secretary to submit a report on the impact of expanding sanctions to cover Russian sovereign debt, with an outcome expected as early as February. Putin s second proposal was to scrap 13 percent taxes for transfers of capital to Russia by businesses. Among other tools to encourage the return of money will be a special bonds program.  Russia plans to adjust the terms of a sovereign Eurobond issue next year so that businesses can use the bonds to repatriate funds in a way that would protect them from being damaged by new sanctions on Moscow. Reuters reported earlier this month that wealthy Russians facing the prospect of targeted U.S. sanctions next year had floated the idea of a special treasury bond to help create favorable conditions for them to bring their cash home. ",1
11402,Putin critic Navalny barred from Russian presidential election,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny was barred on Monday from running in next year s presidential election after officials ruled he was ineligible to take part due to a suspended prison sentence he says was trumped up. The decision by the central election commission was widely expected as election officials had repeatedly declared Navalny would be ineligible to run. Twelve members of the 13-member commission voted to bar Navalny. One member abstained, citing a possible conflict of interest.  Navalny, 41, who polls show would struggle to beat incumbent Vladimir Putin in the March election, said he would appeal and called on his supporters to boycott the election and campaign against it being held.  We knew this could happen, and so we have a straight-forward, clear plan,  Navalny said in a pre-recorded video released immediately after the decision.  We announce a boycott of the election. The process in which we are called to participate is not a real election. It will feature only Putin and the candidates which he has personally selected.   Navalny said he would use his campaign headquarters across Russia to support the boycott and monitor turnout on voting day, March 18. Polls show Putin, 65, who has dominated Russia s political landscape for the last 17 years, is on course to be comfortably re-elected, making him eligible to serve another six years until 2024, when he turns 72. Allies laud Putin as a father-of-the-nation figure who has restored national pride and expanded Moscow s global clout with interventions in Syria and Ukraine. Navalny says Putin s support is exaggerated and artificially maintained by a biased state media and an unfair system. He says he could defeat him in a fair election, an assertion Putin s supporters have said is laughable. Before the commission voted, Navalny, dressed in a dark suit, had demanded he be allowed to take part in the election delivering a speech that angered election officials.   In one heated exchange, he said Russian voters  faith in the system hung in the balance.  If you do not allow me to run, you are taking a decision against millions of people who are demanding that Navalny take part,  he said, referring to himself in the first person.   You are not robots, you are living, breathing human beings you are an independent body ... for once in your lives, do the right thing,  he said. His supporters clapped him, but officials were unmoved.  Boris Ebzeev, one of the officials, said:  We re talking about the law and abiding by the law.  Ebzeev said there could not be  the slightest doubt  that Navalny was ineligible to run, a reference to Russia s constitution that bars him running because of his suspended sentence relating to an embezzlement case. Navalny has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing, and says the case is politically motivated. There had been some speculation prior to the decision among the opposition that Navalny might be allowed to run in order to inject more interest into what looks like a predictable contest amid Kremlin fears that apathetic voters might not bother to vote.    Navalny has been jailed three times this year and charged with breaking the law by repeatedly organizing public meetings and rallies. ",1
11403,Turkish lawyers say decree grants impunity for political violence,"ANKARA (Reuters) - A new emergency decree in Turkey could allow vigilantes to carry out political violence with impunity against opponents of the government suspected of involvement in last year s coup attempt, Turkey s main lawyers  groups said on Monday. The government defended the emergency decree, issued on Sunday, which it said was intended to ensure that Turks who took to the streets to protect the elected government during the failed 2016 coup would not face punishment. Turkey already granted officials immunity last year from prosecution for their official actions taken to suppress the coup. Sunday s decree extended that immunity to civilians  whether they have an official title or not, and whether they have carried out official duties or not .  The lawyers  groups said the measure was vaguely-worded and could lead to violence.  People will start shooting each other in the head on the streets. How will you prevent this?  Metin Feyzioglu, the head of the Union of Turkish Bar Associations, said in a video response.  So you have brought out an article that leaves civilians killing and lynching each other unpunished and without compensation. Are you aware of what you have done Mr. President?  Turkey s main opposition Republican People s Party (CHP) said it would appeal the decree at the constitutional court. In a rare show of opposition, Abdullah Gul, a former president and longtime ally of President Tayyip Erdogan, said the wording of the article was worrisome, adding that he hoped it would be revised to prevent problems in the future. A separate decree on Sunday dismissed 2,756 more people from their jobs, accusing them of links to terrorist organizations. Turkey has already sacked or suspended more than 150,000 police, teachers, lawyers and other professionals from their jobs in the aftermath of the coup. More than 50,000 people have been arrested. In a joint statement, the Ankara and Istanbul bar associations called Sunday s two decrees  the last two nails in the coffin of the law . Erdogan says tough measures in the wake of the coup are necessary to root out the perpetrators. His government blames the failed takeover on followers of Fethullah Gulen, a Turkish-born cleric based in the United States, who denies responsibility. The lawyers said the decree granting immunity did not make clear what sort of actions could be seen as furthering the aims of the coup, for which civilians carrying out revenge attacks could now be protected from punishment. The government said the decree covered only the night of the failed military takeover itself, despite the date not being specified in the text.  This regulation concerns solely the night of the coup attempt, July 15 2016, and its aftermath, which is the morning of July 16. This does not encompass terror acts that were carried out later,  Mahir Unal, the spokesman for the ruling AK Party, told reporters at a televised news conference.  What we have done for this country s stability and development is evident. What is also evident is what these people who tell these lies and black propaganda do,  he said. ",1
11404,Turkish court keeps opposition newspaper staff in jail during trial,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish judge ordered four prominent journalists and senior staff from the opposition Cumhuriyet newspaper to remain in jail for at least two more months during their trial, accused of supporting the organizers of last year s failed coup. Editor in chief Murat Sabuncu, attorney Akin Atalay, correspondent Ahmet Sik and accountant Emre Iper, some of whom have already been detained for 14 months, were ordered to be jailed until the next session of their trial on March 9. Prosecutors say Cumhuriyet was effectively taken over by supporters of Fethullah Gulen, a U.S.-based cleric blamed by the government for last year s failed coup. The newspaper and staff have denied the charges and say they are being targeted to silence critics of President Tayyip Erdogan. Monday s hearing included drama in court, when the judge ordered Sik removed from the hearing for making political comments. Sik, who wrote a book critical of Gulen s movement at a time when it was an ally of the government, described Turkish authorities as  an authoritarian regime dedicated to cruelty , according to the newspaper. After he was ordered out, Sik said the case itself was political.  The days will come where you will be tried, do not forget this,  he said, according to Cumhuriyet.  I hope you won t be tried in a court like yours.  The court said the next hearing will be held in Silivri courthouse, the site of a large prison about 60 km (40 miles) west of Istanbul, to ensure security and order. The Turkish authorities have launched a crackdown since the failed 2016 coup, which they blame on followers of Gulen, who denies involvement. More than 150,000 police, teachers, university lecturers, journalists and other professionals have been sacked or suspended from their jobs and 50,000 people have been arrested. ",1
11405,Red Cross rebukes Israel after lawmaker confronts prisoners' families on bus,"GAZA (Reuters) - The Red Cross said on Monday Israel has a duty to guarantee the safety and dignity of Palestinian families visiting prisoners, after a right-wing lawmaker was filmed shouting abuse aboard a bus taking relatives to a family visit in an Israeli jail. The legislator, Oren Hazan, boarded the bus at the Gaza border with video crews in tow. He said on Twitter he told the relatives that the prisoners were  terrorists who belong in the ground . In a video clip on social media, he shouted at one prisoner s mother that her son was an  insect  and a  dog .  An insect?,  she yelled back.  My son is the best of men. A dog is whoever calls him a dog.  Hazan has a record of staging publicity stunts, including crashing a welcoming ceremony for visiting U.S. President Donald Trump. He once agreed to stage a fistfight at the border with a member of Jordan s parliament, only to cancel it on the orders of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. The families on the bus were on their way to Nafha prison in southern Israel from the Gaza Strip in a convoy escorted by the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC). In a statement, the ICRC said it  takes very seriously what happened today .  Families have the right to visit their loved ones in a dignified manner,  Suhair Zakkout, Gaza spokeswoman for the ICRC, said in the statement.  It is the responsibility of the competent authorities to ensure that the visits take place safely and without interference.  Hazan, a member of Netanyahu s Likud party, said he confronted the relatives to promote legislation to cancel such family visits until Israeli prisoners in Gaza and the remains of Israeli troops were returned. Hamas, the dominant militant group in the Gaza Strip, has acknowledged holding three Israeli civilians who crossed into the enclave. In addition, Israel is seeking the return of the remains of two soldiers it says were killed in a 2014 Gaza war.  Hamas has demanded the release of its members who were re-arrested and imprisoned by Israel in 2014 for alleged security offences after being released in a 2011 swap for a captured Israeli soldier. Israel s Prisons Service declined comment on the incident. Maximum security Nafha prison, in the southern Israeli desert, is used mainly to hold Palestinians convicted of anti-Israeli security offences. The convoy completed its journey to the facility. Qadoura Fares, chairman of the Palestinian Prisoner Club that advocates on behalf of Palestinians held by Israel, branded Hazan a  fanatic  but said Israel s government  bears responsibility for this brutal action . ",1
11406,Vietnam braces for typhoon as Philippine toll rises to 230 dead,"HANOI/MANILA (Reuters) - Authorities in Vietnam prepared to move a million people from low-lying areas along the south coast on Monday as a typhoon approached after it battered the Philippines with floods and landslides that killed more than 230 people. Typhoon Tembin is expected to slam into Vietnam late on Monday after bringing misery to the predominantly Christian Philippines just before Christmas. Vietnam s disaster prevention committee said 74,000 people had been moved to safety from vulnerable areas, while authorities in 15 provinces and cities were prepared to move more than 1 million. The government ordered that oil rigs and vessels be protected and it warned that about 62,000 fishing boats should not venture out to sea.  Vietnam must ensure the safety of its oil rigs and vessels. If necessary, close the oil rigs and evacuate workers,  Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc was quoted as saying on a government website. Schools were ordered to close in the southern commercial hub of Ho Chi Minh City on Monday, a working day in Vietnam. On Sunday, Tembin hit the Spratly Islands in the South China Sea, parts of which are contested by several countries, including Vietnam and China.  No casualties were reported in outposts there. Vietnam, like the Philippines, is regularly battered by typhoons that form over the warm waters of the Pacific and barrel westwards into land. Tembin will be the 16th major storm to hit Vietnam this year. The storms and other disasters have left 390 people dead or missing, according to official figures. In the Philippines, rescue workers were still struggling to reach some remote areas hit by floods and landslides that Tembin s downpours brought, as the death toll climbed to more than 230. Scores of people are missing. The full extent of the devastation was only becoming clear as the most remote areas were being reached. Health worker Arturo Simbajon said nearly the entire coastal village of Anungan on the Zamboanga peninsula of Mindanao island had been wiped out by a barrage of broken logs, boulders and mud that swept down a river and out to sea.  Only the mosque was left standing,  Simbajon said.  People were watching the rising sea but did not expect the water to come from behind them.  Manuel Luis Ochotorena, head of regional disaster agency, said he expected the death toll to rise.  Many areas in Zamboanga peninsula are still without power and communications, some towns are cut off due to collapsed bridges, floods and landslides,  he said. Tens of thousands of people on Mindanao have been displaced by the storm, which struck late on Friday. The Philippines is battered by about 20 typhoons a year and warnings are routinely issued. But disaster officials said many villagers had ignored warnings this time to get out coastal areas and move away from riverbanks. In 2013, super typhoon Haiyan killed nearly 8,000 people and left 200,000 families homeless in the central Philippines.  (This version of the story was refiled to fix spelling in paragraph two) ",1
11407,"Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan pledge to improve ties in wake of trade war","ALMATY (Reuters) - The leaders of Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan pledged on Monday to improve relations, after ties between the two former Soviet republics degenerated into a trade war under the previous Kyrgyz leadership. The standoff between Astana and the government of former Kyrgyz president Almazbek Atambayev strained a Russian-led economic bloc and disrupted supplies of Kyrgyz goods to some European countries.  We have established a constructive and trust-based dialogue in all areas,  Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev s office quoted him as telling his Kyrgyz counterpart Sooronbai Jeenbekov. Jeenbekov was elected president last month. In the run-up the vote, his predecessor and backer Atambayev accused the Kazakh government of interfering in Kyrgyz politics and supporting an opposition candidate. Astana denied those charges but introduced tough border controls that nearly halted the flow of goods out of Kyrgyzstan, which is landlocked and sends most of its exports out through Kazakh territory. Kyrgyzstan filed complaints both to the Moscow-led Eurasian Economic Union, a post-Soviet bloc, and the World Trade Organization, accusing Kazakhstan of imposing a  blockade . Bishkek also briefly suspended operations at a copper and gold mine operated and run by Kazakhstan-based and London-listed Kaz Minerals. But tensions started easing after Jeenbekov, a former prime minister, took office this month. Last week, Bishkek informed the WTO it had settled its dispute with Astana.  Kyrgyzstan will continue to carry out its foreign policy aimed at deepening and intensifying bilateral ties with Kazakhstan,  Jeenbekov s office quoted him as saying at the meeting in Astana. ",1
11408,Israel orders deportation of two Turks after Jerusalem arrests,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel has ordered the deportation of two of three Turks who were briefly arrested during Palestinian demonstrations last week after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital, the Interior Ministry said on Monday. The three were detained on Friday on suspicion of assaulting Israeli police near a Al-Aqsa mosque in East Jerusalem, which Palestinians see as the capital of their own future state. An Israeli court freed them without charges on Saturday. An Interior Ministry spokeswoman said one of the men was scheduled for deportation later on Monday and another on Saturday. She said both had entered Israel on Belgian passports. Israeli police had described the three as Turkish tourists. A photograph circulated on social media showed them among a group of fez-wearing men and boys outside Al-Aqsa. One is seen wearing a Turkish flag T-shirt and waving a Palestinian flag, while two hold up pictures of Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan. Erdogan has been vocal in opposing Trump s Jerusalem move, which reversed decades of U.S. policy over the status of a city whose eastern sector Israel captured in the 1967 war and which is holy to Jews, Christians and Muslims. The Interior Ministry spokeswoman said she had no information on the third Turk who had been arrested in the case. ",1
11409,Islamic State claims blast at Afghan intelligence agency in Kabul,"KABUL (Reuters) - Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide attack on Monday on a compound of Afghanistan s national intelligence agency in Kabul, which killed at least five people and wounded two. The blast comes a week after the group claimed responsibility for an attack on a training facility of the same agency, the National Directorate for Security, in Kabul that ended when the attackers were killed before causing significant casualties. In a statement issued through the group s Amaq news agency, Islamic State said it was also behind Monday s attack.  In Kabul, security officials said the explosion was caused by a suicide bomber who approached the agency s entrance on foot before blowing himself up. All the casualties reported were of civilian passersby. Najib Danish, a spokesman for the interior ministry, said at least five people were killed and two wounded. U.S. President Donald Trump has been briefed on the attack, White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said. Islamic State s local affiliate, which first appeared in eastern Afghanistan near the border with Pakistan in early 2015, has become increasingly active and has claimed several recent suicide attacks in Kabul. It has frequently fought Taliban militants and has been heavily targeted by U.S. air strikes and Special Forces operations in its main stronghold in Nangarhar province. But there remains considerable uncertainty about how the group operates and the exact nature of its connections with Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. ",1
11410,Afghan political crisis deepens as ousted governor refuses to go,"KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Ashraf Ghani s bid to oust one of the country s most powerful provincial governors has run into strong resistance that has deepened political uncertainty just as Washington steps up its campaign against the Taliban insurgency. Atta Mohammad Noor, governor of the strategically important northern province of Balkh, has refused to leave office, a week after Ghani s office said the president had accepted his resignation and named a replacement. The standoff has underlined how uncertain central government control remains outside the capital and how volatile the political situation has become as maneuvering begins ahead of a presidential election scheduled for 2019. One of a number of powerful regional leaders who command strong local loyalty while acting semi-independently of the government, Atta Noor has long sought a role on the national stage and is a potential candidate in the 2019 election. Allies have warned that unless Ghani reverses his decision, he risks civil unrest that will threaten security and allow Taliban and Islamic State militants to gain a foothold in Balkh, a major economic hub which sits on lucrative trade routes to Central Asia.  If President Ghani does not show flexibility, he will be responsible for the consequences,  said Farhad Azimi, a member of parliament from Balkh province. However he said no side had any interest in a confrontation that would cause violence or threaten security. The standoff, which has alarmed Afghanistan s Western partners, has re-opened divisions that were only partially covered up by the U.S.-brokered agreement creating Ghani s unity government following a disputed presidential election in 2014. After widespread claims of fraud by both sides in the election, Ghani was finally installed as president alongside his former rival Abdullah Abdullah from the Jamiat-i Islami party, who took the specially created post of chief executive. Atta Noor, who has built a strong regional power base as Balkh governor, has received the backing of the party, which is supported mainly by ethnic Tajiks from northern Afghanistan, many of whom still resent Ghani, an ethnic Pashtun.  Atta Mohammad Noor is the strongest figure in Jamiat,  said Bresha Rabeh, another member of parliament from Balkh.  He will not back down.  However he has clashed bitterly with his party rival Abdullah, whom he called a  serpent  whose teeth he would break. After days of silence, Abdullah confirmed on Monday that he had backed the decision to remove Atta Noor. The dispute comes as U.S. forces have stepped up air strikes against the Taliban and other militant groups as part of a beefed-up strategy aimed at forcing the insurgents to accept a peace settlement after 16 years of war. U.S. commanders say the campaign has had significant success against the Taliban but the impact risks being diluted by political turmoil that has undermined public confidence in the Western-backed government. As the turmoil has deepened, tensions between Tajiks and Pashtuns, Afghanistan s two largest ethnic groups, have intensified, undermining attempts to build national unity. Parliamentary elections, officially scheduled for next year, are in doubt and opposition groups have stepped up pressure on the government, with former president Hamid Karzai calling for a  loya jirga , or council of elders and political leaders. ",1
11411,"UAE has information Tunisian women may commit 'terrorist acts', Tunisia says","TUNIS (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates has information that Tunisian women or women traveling on Tunisian passports might commit  terrorist acts  in the Gulf country, Tunisia s state news agency TAP said. Tunisia late on Sunday suspended flights from Dubai carrier Emirates to Tunis, with officials saying the airline was refusing to carry female Tunisian travelers. Emirates has given no reason for not allowing female Tunisians to board its flights since Friday. A spokesman for Tunisia s presidency did not elaborate on the security threat in a brief TAP article. Emirates had stopped its Dubai-Tunis connection on Monday. In Tunisia, anger has been building after women said they had been banned at Tunis airport from boarding Emirates flights to Dubai. Tunisian civil organizations and political parties called on the government to respond. Foreign Minister Khemais Jhianoui told a local radio station the UAE should apologize for the travel ban, which he said its authorities had not informed Tunisia about. ",1
11412,"Bus drives into pedestrian underpass in Moscow, kills four: agencies","MOSCOW (Reuters) - A passenger bus swerved off course and drove into a busy pedestrian underpass in Moscow on Monday, killing at least four people, Russian news agencies reported. Video from the scene posted on social media showed a bus veering off the road and plunging down the steps of a pedestrian underpass, crushing several people beneath its wheels. The driver of the bus had been detained by police, agencies said, after he lost control of the vehicle. The incident occurred on one of the Russian capital s busiest roads near the Slavyansky Boulevard metro station. Monday was an ordinary working day in Russia where Orthodox Christmas will be celebrated on Jan. 7.  An unnamed emergency services source told the TASS news agency that the number of fatalities had risen to five people. There were also unconfirmed reports that some 15 people had been injured. The Interfax news agency said investigators were looking into whether the incident had occurred as a result of a technical fault with the bus. Ten ambulances, fire service personnel, and three medivac helicopters were on the scene, agencies reported. ",1
11413,"Pakistan allows wife, mother to visit Indian man sentenced to death","ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan allowed the wife and mother of an Indian man convicted of spying to visit him on Monday in Islamabad, eight months after he was sentenced to death by a military court.  Kulbhushan Sudhir Jadhav, a former officer in the Indian navy, was arrested in March 2016 in the Pakistan province of Baluchistan, where there has been a long-running conflict  between national security forces and militant separatists.  The case has added to tensions between the nuclear-armed neighbors, who often accuse each other of violating a 2003 ceasefire along their disputed border in Kashmir, where the countries sometime engage in intense artillery duels.  Pakistan released a picture of Jadhav s mother, Avanti, and wife, Chetankul, seated at a desk and speaking to him from behind a glass window.   The mother and wife of Commander Jadhav sitting comfortably in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Pakistan. We honor our commitments,  a spokesman for Pakistan s foreign office, Mohammad Faisal, said in an earlier Twitter posting when the women first arrived at the ministry in Islamabad.  India s foreign affairs office has not responded to a request for comment on the meeting.  After Jadhav was sentenced to death in April, India asked the World Court for an injunction to bar the execution, arguing that he was denied diplomatic assistance during what it says was an unfair trial. The World Court ordered Pakistan in May to delay Jadhav s execution, and said Islamabad had violated a treaty guaranteeing diplomatic assistance to foreigners accused of crimes.  Pakistan authorities say Jadhav confessed to being ordered by India s intelligence service to conduct espionage and sabotage in Baluchistan  to destabilize and wage war against Pakistan . Baluchistan is at the center of a $57 billion Chinese-backed  Belt and Road  development project that at first focused on Chinese companies building roads and power stations, but is now expanding to include setting up industries.  In a transcript released by Pakistan of what it says is Jadhav s confession, the former naval officer says disrupting the Chinese-funded projects was a main goal of his activities.  ",1
11414,Iran confirms upholding death sentence for academic over spying,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran s Supreme Court has upheld a death sentence against a Sweden-based Iranian academic convicted of spying for Israel, the Tehran prosecutor was quoted as saying on Monday, confirming reports by Amnesty International and his family. Ahmadreza Djalali, a medical doctor and lecturer at the Karolinska Institute, a Stockholm medical university, was accused of providing information to Israel to help it assassinate several senior nuclear scientists. Djalali was arrested in Iran in April 2016 and later convicted of espionage. He has denied the charges, Amnesty said.  At least four scientists were killed between 2010 and 2012 in what Tehran said were assassinations meant to sabotage its efforts to develop nuclear energy. Western powers and Israel said Iran aimed to build a nuclear bomb. Tehran denied this. The Islamic Republic hanged a man in 2012 over the killings, saying he was an agent for Israeli intelligence agency Mossad. On Monday, Tehran prosecutor Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi said the Supreme Court recently upheld the death sentence against Djalali, the news site of Iran s judiciary, Mizan, reported. Dolatabadi said Djalali had confessed to meeting Mossad agents repeatedly to deliver information on Iran s nuclear and defense plans and personnel, and helping to infect Defense Ministry  computer systems with viruses, Mizan reported. London-based Amnesty International and Djalali s wife said earlier this month that his lawyers were told that the Supreme Court had considered his case and upheld his death sentence. Iranian state television broadcast last week what it described as Djalali s confessions. His wife said he had been forced by his interrogators to read the confession. Djalali was on a business trip to Iran when he was arrested and sent to Evin prison. He was held in solitary confinement for three months of his detention and tortured, Amnesty said.  It said Djalali wrote a letter inside prison in August stating he was being held for refusing to spy for Iran. Sweden condemned the sentence in October and said it had raised the matter with Iranian envoys. Seventy-five Nobel prize laureates petitioned Iranian authorities last month to release Djalali so he could  continue his scholarly work for the benefit of mankind . ",1
11415,"Pope, on Christmas Eve, says faith demands respect of immigrants","VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis strongly defended immigrants at his Christmas Eve Mass on Sunday, comparing them to Mary and Joseph finding no place to stay in Bethlehem and saying faith demands that foreigners be welcomed. Francis, celebrating his fifth Christmas as leader of the world s 1.2 billion Roman Catholics, led a solemn Mass for about 10,000 people in St. Peter s Basilica while many others followed the service from the square outside. Security was stepped up, with participants checked as they approached St. Peter s Square even before going through metal detectors to enter the basilica. The square had been cleared out hours earlier so security procedures could be put in place.  The Gospel reading at the Mass in Christendom s largest church recounted the Biblical story of how Mary and Joseph had to travel from Nazareth to Bethlehem to be registered for a census ordered by Roman Emperor Caesar Augustus.  So many other footsteps are hidden in the footsteps of Joseph and Mary. We see the tracks of entire families forced to set out in our own day. We see the tracks of millions of persons who do not choose to go away, but driven from their land, leave behind their dear ones,  Francis said. Even the shepherds who the Bible says were the first to see the child Jesus were  forced to live on the edges of society  and considered dirty, smelly foreigners, he said.  Everything about them generated mistrust. They were men and women to be kept at a distance, to be feared.  Wearing white vestments in the flower-bedecked church, Francis called for a  new social imagination ... in which none have to feel that there is no room for them on this earth.  The 81-year-old pope, who was born of Italian immigrant stock in Argentina, has made defense of migrants a major plank of his papacy, often putting him at odds with politicians. Austria s new chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, has aligned himself with central European neighbors like Hungary and the Czech Republic in opposing German-backed proposals to distribute asylum seekers around EU member states. In elections in Germany in September, the far-right and anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party made significant gains, with electors punishing Chancellor Angela Merkel for her open-door policy and pushing migration policy to the top of the agenda in talks to form a coalition government. Italy s anti-immigrant Northern League, whose leader Matteo Salvini often gives fiery speeches against migrants, is expected to make gains in national elections next year. A law that would give citizenship to children born in Italy to migrant parents is stalled in parliament. In his homily, Francis said,  Our document of citizenship  comes from God, making respect of migrants an integral part of Christianity.  This is the joy that we tonight are called to share, to celebrate and to proclaim. The joy with which God, in his infinite mercy, has embraced us pagans, sinners and foreigners, and demands that we do the same,  Francis said. Francis also condemned human traffickers who make money off desperate migrants as the  Herods of today  with blood on their hands, a reference to the Biblical story of the king who ordered the killing of all newborn male children near Bethlehem because he feared Jesus would one day displace him. More than 14,000 people have died trying to make the perilous crossing of the Mediterranean to Europe in the past four years. On Christmas Day, Francis will deliver his twice-yearly  Urbi et Orbi  (To the City and to the World) blessing and message from the central balcony of St. Peter s Basilica.    (In fourth paragraph, this story corrects to say Mary and Joseph, not Mary and Jesus.) ",1
11416,China calls for constructive efforts to ease Korean tensions,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China called on Monday for all countries to make constructive efforts to ease tension after North Korea said the latest U.N. sanctions against it are an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic blockade. The U.N. Security Council unanimously imposed new sanctions on North Korea on Friday for its recent intercontinental ballistic missile test, seeking to limit its access to refined petroleum products and crude oil and its earnings from workers abroad. The U.S.-drafted resolution also caps crude oil supplies to North Korea at 4 million barrels a year and commits the Council to further reductions if it were to conduct another nuclear test or launch another intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM). North Korea on Sunday rejected the resolution, calling it an act of war. Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said the resolution appropriately strengthened the sanctions but was not designed to affect ordinary people, normal economic exchanges and cooperation, or humanitarian aid.  Hua noted it also called for the use of peaceful means to resolve the issue and that all sides should take steps to reduce tension.  In the present situation, we call on all countries to exercise restraint and make proactive and constructive efforts to ease the tensions on the peninsula and appropriately resolve the issue,  she told a daily news briefing. The North s old allies China and Russia both supported the latest U.N. sanctions. Tension has been rising over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, which it pursues in defiance of years of U.N. Security Council resolutions, with bellicose rhetoric coming from both Pyongyang and the White House. In November, North Korea demanded a halt to what it called  brutal sanctions , saying a round imposed after its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3 constituted genocide. North Korea on Nov. 29 said it successfully tested a new ICBM that put the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. U.S. diplomats have made clear they are seeking a diplomatic solution but proposed the new, tougher sanctions resolution to ratchet up pressure on North Korea s leader. China, with which North Korea does some 90 percent of its trade, has repeatedly called for calm and restraint from all sides and for a return to talks. ",1
11417,Three Turkish soldiers killed in southeast: military,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Two soldiers were killed and another was wounded in an attack by Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants which took place as the troops were carrying out security operations in the southeastern province of Hakkari, the military said on Monday. Separately, one soldier was killed and two others were wounded on Sunday in northern Iraq when a grenade detonated by accident, the military said. The wounded soldiers were not in critical condition, it added. The PKK, considered a terrorist organization by the United States, Turkey and the European Union, has waged an insurgency against the state since the 1980s. Violence in the largely Kurdish southeast has escalated since the collapse of a ceasefire in 2015. ",1
11418,Emirates stops flying to Tunisia in row over ban on Tunisian women,"TUNIS (Reuters) - Dubai airline Emirates will stop flying to Tunisia, it said on Sunday, after the North African country said it had banned flights from the United Emirates carrier. The announcement came two days after Tunisian government officials said the UAE had banned Tunisian woman from flying to or transiting through its territory. No reason was given for either decision. Emirates said on Twitter it would stop its Dubai-Tunis connection from Monday following instructions from Tunisia. The Tunisian transport ministry said in a statement earlier that Emirates flights would be suspended until the UAE airline found a way to operate according to international law and treaties. The UAE minister of state for foreign affairs, Anwar Gargash, said on Twitter both countries had been in contact about the  security measure information , without elaborating. He added that the UAE valued and respected Tunisian women. In Tunisia anger has been building after women said they had been banned at Tunis airport from boarding Emirates flights to Dubai. Tunisian civil organizations and political parties called on the government to act. ",1
11419,Driver rams German party headquarters in apparent suicide bid,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A man drove a car at the entrance of the Berlin headquarters of Germany s Social Democratic Party (SPD) late on Sunday evening, lightly injuring himself, later telling police that he had intended to commit suicide. Police said the car, which crashed through the first set of glass doors of Willy Brandt House, the SPD s headquarters, was laden with petrol canisters and gas cartridges. The building s sprinkler system extinguished the resulting blaze. Authorities did not identify the man, in part because of a policy of limiting public communications in cases involving suicide, attempted or otherwise, saying only that he was 58 years old. A police spokeswoman said investigators had found nothing to cast doubt on the man s claim that he had been attempting to commit suicide. The incident did not appear to be an attack, she added. It was unclear why he had chosen the SPD, which is about to start negotiations on governing for another four years in coalition with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, as his target. The man was taken to hospital for treatment for superficial injuries to his head. Nobody else was hurt. Police launched an arson inquiry and state security services were also investigating. ",1
11420,Philippines' Duterte's son quits as vice mayor of hometown Davao,"MANILA (Reuters) -  Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte s eldest son quit as vice mayor of the southern city of Davao on Monday, citing his being linked to a drug smuggling case by opponents and personal problems from a failed marriage as reasons for the move. Paolo Duterte announced his resignation during a special session of the Davao City Council. Davao is President Duterte s hometown and its mayor is Paolo s younger sister, Sara Duterte-Carpio.  There are recent unfortunate events in my life that are closely tied to my failed first marriage,  the vice mayor said, in a statement made available to media.   These, among others, include the maligning of my reputation in the recent name dropping incident in the Bureau of Customs  smuggling case and the very public squabble with my daughter.  Paolo testified at a senate investigation in September into a seized shipment of around $125 million worth of narcotics from China after opponents of the president, who has instigated a fierce crackdown on the drugs trade, said they believe his son may have helped ease the entry of the shipment at the port in Manila, the Philippine capital. Paolo has denied any involvement. More recently, he has been involved in an online spat with Isabelle, his 15-year-old daughter from his first wife. Paolo has called her  embarrassing  on Facebook after she complained on Twitter about being treated badly by her father. The president s office, the mayor s office and other members of Paolo s family did not immediately respond to Reuters  requests for comments. ",1
11421,Saudi Arabia says Shi'ite judge killed by kidnappers,"RIYADH (Reuters) - A Shi ite Muslim judge abducted in eastern Saudi Arabia a year ago has been killed by his kidnappers, the Saudi state news agency SPA reported on Monday. Sheikh Mohammed al-Jirani disappeared last December from outside his home in the Qatif region, which is home to about one million Shi ite Muslims in the predominantly Sunni Muslim kingdom. SPA said a security officer and one of the kidnappers were killed in a clash on Dec. 19 and a second kidnapper was arrested. It also said the judge s body had been found in the remote farming district of Awamiya but did not say when he had been killed.      Authorities said earlier this year that three men being sought in connection with the abduction were already on a wanted list for their suspected involvement in  terrorist attacks  in eastern Saudi Arabia.  Since 2011 the region has been shaken by frequent, though mostly peaceful, protests by the Shi ite minority. However,  Shi ite militants, angry over what they say is repression of their community, have sometimes attacked Saudi security forces in the oil-producing Eastern Province where Qatif is located. ",1
11422,Russia's Lavrov calls on U.S. and North Korea to start talks: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov called on Monday for the United States and North Korea to start negotiations, the RIA news agency reported. Lavrov was cited as saying that Russia was ready to facilitate such negotiations. Moscow has long called for Washington and Pyongyang to hold talks aimed at de-escalating tensions around North Korea s nuclear and missile program. North Korea s foreign ministry said on Sunday that the latest U.N. sanctions against North Korea were an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic blockade against it. ",1
11423,"Peru's president pardons ex-leader Fujimori, citing his health","LIMA (Reuters) - Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski pardoned former authoritarian leader Alberto Fujimori late on Sunday, clearing him of convictions for human rights crimes and graft before completion of a 25-year prison sentence. Kuczynski s office said in a statement that a medical review showed that Fujimori, 79, who governed Peru from 1990 to 2000, suffered from  a progressive, degenerative and incurable disease.   The pardon comes just days after a faction of Fujimori s supporters in the opposition-controlled Congress saved Kuczynski from a motion that would have forced him from office in the wake of a graft scandal. [nL1N1OL160] ",1
11424,"Islamic State claims responsibility for blast in Afghan capital, Kabul","CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State claimed responsibility for an explosion on Monday carried by a suicide bomber near a compound of Afghanistan s national intelligence agency in the capital, Kabul, the group said on its Amaq news agency. The blast, close to the entrance of the security agency compound, killed at least three people and wounded one, Afghan government officials said. ",1
11425,Putin critic Navalny clears first hurdle in bid for Russia presidency,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny on Sunday cleared the first hurdle towards taking part in next year s presidential election, even though the central election commission has previously ruled him ineligible to run. Navalny, 41, is a fierce opponent of President Vladimir Putin, who is widely expected to win re-election in March, extending 17 years in power. A veteran campaigner against corruption among Russia s elite, he won the initial support of 742 people at a gathering in a district of Moscow - above the minimum 500 required to initiate a presidential bid.  There is no large-scale support for Putin and his rule in this country,  Navalny told the meeting, describing himself as a  real candidate  for election and threatening a boycott of the vote by his supporters if he is barred from running. On Sunday evening, Navalny submitted the documents to the central election commission needed to be registered as a candidate.  The commission, which extended its working hours on Sunday to take the documents, has five days in which to decide whether Navalny will be registered.  The commission has previously said he is ineligible due to a suspended prison sentence that he says was politically motivated.   We are capable of opposing the current authorities. Our key demand is to be allowed to take part in the elections,  Navalny told reporters as he was leaving the election commission building in the central Moscow.  Navalny has been jailed three times this year on charges of repeatedly organizing public meetings and rallies in violation of existing laws. The European Court of Human Rights ruled in October that Navalny s conviction for fraud in 2014 was  arbitrary  and ordered Moscow to pay him compensation. The ruling party United Russia meeting on Saturday pledged  all possible support  to the 65-year-old Putin in his bid to win a further six years in power in the March election. The Communist Party, which came second after United Russia in a parliamentary election last year, named Pavel Grudinin, 57, as its candidate, dropping veteran party leader Gennady Zyuganov. Another politician who has run before, Sergei Mironov from A Just Russia party, said his party had decided to support Putin instead and not propose its own candidate.  Property developer Sergei Polonsky, who has been convicted of defrauding investors, also secured enough initial backing to seek clearance from the election commission to take part in the presidential race.   Others planning to run include television personality Ksenia Sobchak, whose late father was Putin s boss in the early 1990s, journalist Ekaterina Gordon.  ",1
11426,"China has 'overwhelming advantage' in bringing Taiwan to heel, official says","BEIJING (Reuters) - China s growing economic, political and diplomatic power means it is achieving an  overwhelming advantage  in bringing self-ruled Taiwan to heel, and time is on China s side, a senior official said in a comments published on Monday. Taiwan is one of China s most sensitive issues. Beijing has never renounced the use of force to bring what it considers a wayward province and sacred Chinese territory under its rule. Writing in the influential state-run newspaper the Study Times, Liu Junchuan, who heads the liaison office of China s policy-making Taiwan Affairs Office, said it was inevitable Taiwan would come under China s control.    China s economic growth means its economy now far surpasses Taiwan s, and the trend would only continue, Liu wrote in the paper, which is published by the Central Party School that trains rising Communist Party officials.  The swift development and massive changes in the mainland of the motherland are creating an increasingly strong attraction for the people of Taiwan,  he said.  The contrast in power across the Taiwan Strait will become wider and wider, and we will have a full, overwhelming strategic advantage over Taiwan,  Liu added.  The economic, political, social, cultural and military conditions for achieving the complete reunification of the motherland will become even more ample.  The concepts of peaceful reunification and  one country, two systems  would become even more attractive to Taiwan s people and foreign forces will not be able to stop it, Liu said.  The basic situation of the Taiwan Strait continuing to develop in a direction beneficial to us will not change, and time and momentum are on our side.  China has long mooted taking Hong Kong s  one country, two systems  form of government, which is supposed to give Hong Kong a high degree of autonomy, and applying it to Taiwan, though the people of the proudly democratic island have shown no interest in being ruled by the autocratic mainland. Taiwan says Beijing does not understand what democracy is and that only Taiwan s people can decide the island s future. Relations between Beijing and Taipei have soured since Tsai Ing-wen of Taiwan s pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party won presidential elections last year, with China suspecting she wants to push for the island s formal independence. Tsai says she wants peace with China but will defend Taiwan s security and democracy. China has stepped up military drills around Taiwan and squeezed Taiwan s international space, siphoning off its few remaining diplomatic allies.     Defeated Nationalist forces fled to Taiwan in 1949 after losing the Chinese civil war to the Communists. ",1
11427,Chinese report says South China Sea islands expanded 'reasonably',"BEIJING (Reuters) - China has  reasonably  expanded its islands in the disputed South China Sea and this year construction projects there including radar facilities covered about 290,000 square meters (72 acres), according to a new government report. The number was broadly similar to one provided by a U.S. think tank earlier this month. China has conducted extensive land reclamation work on some of the islands and reefs it controls in the South China Sea, including building airports, alarming its neighbors and Washington. Beijing says the work is help provide international services such as search-and-rescue but admits there is a military purpose too. China also says it can do whatever it wants on its territory. The new report, posted on a website run by China s National Marine Data and Information Service and the overseas edition of the ruling Communist Party s People s Daily, says China has enhanced its military presence there and  reasonably  expanded the area covered by the islands. Apart from what it termed  large radar  - it was unclear if the report was referring to more than one - construction this year has included facilities for underground storage and administrative buildings. There has been an increase in military patrols too, the report added, without giving specifics. The report was released on Friday but appeared in the state-run newspaper the Global Times on Monday. While attention in Asia has been distracted by the North Korean nuclear crisis in the past year, China has continued to install high-frequency radar and other facilities that can be used for military purposes on its man-made islands in the South China Sea, a U.S. think tank said this month. That report, by the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative of Washington s Center for Strategic and International Studies, said Chinese activity has involved work on facilities covering 72 acres (29 hectares) of the Spratly and Paracel islands, territory contested with several Asian neighbors. More than $5 trillion of world trade is shipped through the South China Sea every year. Besides China s territorial claims in the area, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei, the Philippines and Taiwan have rival claims. ",1
11428,"Guatemala to move embassy to Jerusalem, backing Trump","GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales said on Sunday he had given instructions to move the Central American country s embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, a few days after his government backed the United States in a row over the city s status. In a short post on his official Facebook account, Morales said he decided to move the embassy from Tel Aviv after talking to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday. This month U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, reversing decades of U.S. policy and upsetting the Arab world and Western allies. The status of Jerusalem is one of the thorniest obstacles to forging a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians, who want East Jerusalem as their capital.  The international community does not recognize Israeli sovereignty over the entire city, home to sites holy to the Muslim, Jewish and Christian religions.   On Thursday, 128 countries defied Trump by backing a non-binding U.N. General Assembly resolution calling for the United States to drop its recognition of Jerusalem. Guatemala and neighboring Honduras were two of only a handful of countries to join the United States and Israel in voting against the resolution on Jerusalem. The United States is an important source of assistance to Guatemala and Honduras, and Trump had threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that supported the U.N. resolution. Morales, a former television comedian with an important base of conservative Christian support, earlier this year became embroiled in a bitter spat with the United Nations when a U.N.-backed anti-corruption body in Guatemala tried to impeach him. Although Morales avoided impeachment, he failed in an attempt to expel the head of the body, the International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala, after criticism from the United Nations, the United States and the European Union. ",1
11429,"From Jerusalem, Netanyahu offers Christians personal tours of Israel","JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu offered to play tour guide to Christian pilgrims on Sunday in a message relayed from Jerusalem, whose recognition as Israel s capital by U.S. President Donald Trump has split global Christian opinion. A Christmas Eve video on Twitter showed Netanyahu against the backdrop of East Jerusalem, an area laden with Jewish, Christian and Muslim shrines that Israel captured in a 1967 war and which Palestinians want as their own future capital. In the message, titled  Merry Christmas from Jerusalem, the capital of Israel!  he described Israel as a haven for its 2 percent Christian minority because, he said,  We protect the rights of everyone to worship in the holy sites behind me.  Netanyahu named several Christian pilgrimage sites in Israel - including the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in East Jerusalem s Old City - which would take visitors  in the footsteps of Jesus and the origin of our Judeo-Christian heritage.   For those of you who come to Israel, I m going to take a guided tour. In fact, I ll be your guide on this guided tour,  Netanyahu said. This would happen Christmas next year he said, without going into the logistics.     Trump s Dec. 6 announcement on Jerusalem reversed decades of U.S. policy on leaving the city s status to Israeli-Palestinian negotiation. The move angered Muslims and was rejected by most world powers.  U.S. evangelicals who see God s hand in the modern-day return of Jews to a biblical homeland were buoyed. But Pope Francis called for the status quo in the city to be respected, and several other Christian denominations were opposed.  The international consensus strengthens our cause and imbues our people with steadfastness,  Palestinian Prime Minister Rami al-Hamdallah said at a ceremony in the occupied West Bank city of Bethlehem, traditional site of Jesus  birth.  East Jerusalem, Hamdallah said,  is a Palestinian, Arab, Muslim and Christian city, and there will be no Palestinian state without Jerusalem as its capital, and without this there will be no peace in the region nor in the whole world.  ",1
11430,World's largest amphibious aircraft makes maiden flight in China,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China s domestically developed AG600, the world s largest amphibious aircraft, performed its maiden flight on Sunday from an airport on the shores of the South China Sea, the latest step in a military modernization program. China has stepped up research on advanced military equipment as it adopts a more muscular approach to territorial disputes in places such as the disputed South China Sea, rattling nerves in the Asia-Pacific region and the United States. State television showed live images of the AG600 lifting off from Zhuhai airport in the southern province of Guangdong, which sits on the South China Sea coast. It returned about an hour later and taxied to its stand accompanied by martial music and greeted by crowds waving Chinese flags. Xinhua news agency said the aircraft was the  protector spirit of the sea, islands and reefs . It had previously been scheduled to make its first flight earlier this year but it is unclear why it was delayed after ground tests took place in April. State-owned Aviation Industry Corp of China (AVIC) [SASADY.UL] has spent almost eight years developing the aircraft, which is roughly the size of a Boeing Co (BA.N) 737 and is designed to carry out marine rescues and battle forest fires. However, state media has also noted its potential use in the South China Sea, where China, Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Brunei all have overlapping claims. The AG600 s chief designer, Huang Lingcai, was quoted in the official China Daily earlier this month as saying it can make round trips without refueling from the southern island province of Hainan to James Shoal, claimed by China but which is located close to Sarawak in Malaysian Borneo. Powered by four turboprop engines, the AG600 can carry 50 people during maritime search-and-rescue missions, and can scoop up 12 metric tons of water within 20 seconds for fire fighting trips, according to state media. The aircraft has received 17 orders so far from Chinese government departments and Chinese companies. It has a maximum flight range of 4,500 km (2,800 miles) and a maximum take-off weight of 53.5 tonnes. It can use conventional airports and also land and take-off from the sea. China is in the midst of a massive military modernization program, ranging from testing anti-satellite missiles to building stealth fighters and the country s first indigenous aircraft carrier, to add to an existing one bought from Ukraine. ",1
11431,"South Sudan army, rebels clash hours after ceasefire","NAIROBI (Reuters) - South Sudan s army clashed with rebels in an oil-producing region early on Sunday, both sides said, shattering a ceasefire hours after it came into effect.  Both sides accused the other of starting the fighting around the town of Koch in Unity state. Seventeen aid workers fled the violence, according to a humanitarian source. There were no immediate details of casualties. The government and rebel groups signed a ceasefire on Thursday in the latest attempt to end a four-year civil war and let humanitarian groups reach civilians. The ceasefire formally came into force on Sunday morning, but fighting broke out soon afterwards, according to a humanitarian security report seen by Reuters.   Our forces came under heavy fire this morning in Koch county,  Dickson Gatluak, a spokesman for the government side, said.  Our forces acted in self defense and repulsed the attacking forces and defeated them,  he added in a statement. Rebel spokesman Lam Paul Gabriel said the army attacked first and rebel forces were now pursuing government soldiers towards the town.  The world s youngest country plunged into war in late 2013 after President Salva Kiir sacked his deputy, Riek Machar.  The dispute erupted into fighting that spread across the country, largely along ethnic lines between forces loyal to Kiir, who is Dinka, and Machar, who is Nuer.  The violence, which the United Nations says has amounted to ethnic cleansing, has forced a third of the population to flee.  Earlier this year, pockets of the country plunged briefly into famine. ",1
11432,Egypt to hike Cairo metro fares from next July: state newspaper,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt will raise the price of tickets on Cairo s loss-making metro system from next July, tripling the present fare for many commuters, the state-owned newspaper al-Ahram said on Sunday. Commuters will be charged a base fare of 2 Egyptian pounds  (11 U.S. cents) for the first 9 stops, and an additional pound for 9 more stations, the newspaper, quoting Transport Minister Hisham Arafat, said.  A maximum fare of 6 Egyptian pounds will be charged for commuters who ride one line from start to finish, though discounted rates for government workers and students will be maintained. Currently, commuters can cover an unlimited number of stops and can even switch lines for the same base fare of 2 Egyptian pounds. The move comes as part of an effort by the transport authority to cover operational costs after the floatation of the Egyptian pound, the newspaper said. The government angered Cairo residents, already hit by a sharp rise in living costs, when it doubled the price of metro tickets in March for millions of commuters, an increase which followed losses of 500 million Egyptian pounds which have put the network at risk, media reported in March. ",1
11433,"Chad reshuffles finance, other key ministries - decree","N DJAMENA (Reuters) - Chad s President Idriss Deby on Sunday appointed Abdoulaye Sabre Fadoul as minister of finance and also named new economy, foreign affairs, security and justice ministers, a presidential decree showed. Fadoul has served as interim finance minister since Deby sacked his predecessor, Christian Georges Diguimbaye, last month. The appointment comes amid stalled negotiations with Glencore over more than $1 billion in oil-backed loans Chad owes the commodities trader. Glencore lent the West African country s state oil firm SHT about $1.45 billion in 2014 to be repaid with crude oil. The loan was subsequently syndicated with several banks.  It was restructured in 2015 following the crash in global oil prices but Chad is again struggling to repay the debt. Funds from the International Monetary Fund depend on reaching new terms. In October, Chad decided to redirect crude previously allocated to Glencore in a marketing agreement to Exxon Mobil instead starting from January, which has made negotiations fraught. Djimet Arabi, an adviser to Deby, was named the new justice minister in the reshuffle while Ahmadaye Abdelkerim Bokit takes over the security ministry.  The new foreign minister is Mahamat Zene Cherif, Chad s former permanent representative to the United Nations. ",1
11434,Three workers die in gas accident at Libyan oilfield: source,"BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Three workers, two of them Sudanese, died in an accident at Libya s Zelten oil and gas field on Saturday, an oil source said. They died after inhaling gas during maintenance works, the source said, adding that a fourth person was being treated in  hospital. The nationality of the third dead was not immediately known. The field belongs to Sirte Oil Company and pumps between 35,000 and 40,000 barrels a day. ",1
11435,Venezuela frees 36 jailed opponents in Christmas gesture,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Three dozen opponents of Venezuela s socialist government were released from prison and reunited with their families on Sunday as part of a wider Christmas release, a local rights group said. Lambasted by critics at home and abroad for holding around 270 activists in prison, President Nicolas Maduro s administration said on Saturday it was freeing 80 of them with alternative sentences like community service.  Thirteen were paraded in front of TV cameras at a meeting with a senior official, Delcy Rodriguez. She harangued them for violence and subversion, but also wished them a happy Christmas.  Alfredo Romero, whose Penal Forum group tracks the detention of activists and protesters, said 36  political prisoners  had been freed by Sunday morning. But he criticized the government for not giving a blanket amnesty.   They should release not just some but all of them, and not imprison any more,  he said. The best-known among the released prisoners were former provincial mayor Alfredo Ramos, opposition electoral adviser Roberto Picon and a dozen policemen who worked for the opposition-run Chacao district of Caracas.   I m happy to be free. I m with my family,  Ramos was quoted as saying in local media.   It was a tough ordeal, very difficult. It was an arbitrary detention, unjust. I didn t commit any crime.  Maduro, the 55-year-old successor to Hugo Chavez, refutes the term  political prisoners , saying all of the jailed activists were there on legitimate charges of plotting to overthrow his government and promoting violence.  Some 170 people died during two rounds of anti-Maduro street protests in 2014 and earlier this year.   Opponents say they are fighting for freedom against a  dictatorship  that has destroyed the OPEC nation s economy and democracy. Maduro accuses them of being part of a global right-wing plot to topple him in a coup. U.S. lawmaker Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, a fierce critic of both Venezuela and Cuba s Communist government, called the pre-Christmas releases in Venezuela a hypocritical gesture.  Maduro in Venezuela cynically  releases  80 political prisoners who were actually innocent, parades and humiliates several on state TV ... and expects thanks for Christmas  mercy ,  tweeted the Republican U.S. representative from Florida.  What a cruel farce.  Nevertheless, the releases could inject life into stuttering mediation talks between Venezuela s government and opposition due to resume in the Dominican Republic in early January. The releases  concretely demonstrate the Revolution and President Nicolas Maduro s firm desire for dialogue,  Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza said.  Let s hope the opposition knows how to interpret this and isolate its violent factors.  Venezuela s best-known detained politician is Leopoldo Lopez, who remains under house arrest in Caracas, accused of spearheading violence in 2014.  Though they have turned his house into a jail, I know his mind is strong and he will keep fighting tirelessly for a better Venezuela,  said his mother Antonieta Lopez, lamenting he was spending a fourth Christmas detained.     ",1
11436,"Sudan, Turkey to set up 'strategic cooperation council', boost trade ties","KHARTOUM (Reuters) - Turkey and Sudan have agreed to set up a  strategic cooperation council  to strengthen economic ties, their presidents said at a news conference in Khartoum on Sunday after the first visit by a Turkish leader to the African nation. The countries hope gradually to increase bilateral trade ties to $10 billion a year from the current $500 million, and signed 12 agreements on military, economic and agricultural cooperation. Sudan s economy has been struggling since the south seceded in 2011, taking with it three-quarters of the country s oil output. In recent years, Turkey has boosted investments in Sudan. ",1
11437,"Turkey to hire 110,000 new public servants in 2018","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Sunday that Turkey would employ an additional 110,000 public servants in 2018 including teachers, medical and religious personnel. Speaking in the southern border town of Kilis, Yildirim said that among the total, the government would hire an extra 36,000 medical personnel and 20,000 teachers. ",1
11438,"Let me come back, Catalan leader tells Spain","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Catalonia s separatist leader Carles Puigdemont called on Spain s government on Saturday to allow him to return home in time for the opening session of the Catalan parliament so that he can become the region s next president. Puigdemont, who ruled in Catalonia until October and faces arrest in Spain for his role in organizing an illegal referendum on independence and proclaiming a Catalan republic, is currently in self-imposed exile in Belgium. Separatist parties secured a parliamentary majority in a regional election on Thursday, though it is still unclear whether Puigdemont and other jailed leaders of the movement will be able to attend assembly sessions.   I want to come back to Catalonia as soon as possible. I would like to come back right now. It would be good news for Spain,  Puigdemont told Reuters in an interview. Asked if he would be back in time for the opening session which has to take place at the latest on January 23, he said:  It would be natural. If I am not allowed to be sworn in as president, it would be a major abnormality for the Spanish democratic system.   I am the president of the regional government and I will remain the president if the Spanish state respects the results of the vote,  he also said. Puigdemont, who has called for dialogue with the Spanish government to resolve the current tensions between the turbulent region and the authorities in Madrid, said he was ready to listen to any proposal from Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy even if this offer fell short of an offer of independence.  If the Spanish state has a proposal for Catalonia, we should listen,  Puigdemont said, asking for a dialogue of equals. Rajoy on Friday said he was open to dialogue but implicitly rejected Puigdemont s demand to meet soon, saying he would talk with whoever was Catalonia s president only once they have been elected by the new regional parliament.  Before that, his first interlocutor should be Ines Arrimadas, whose centrist, anti-independence party scored most votes on Thursday, he said. Arrimadas does not have enough seats or allies to form a government, while separatist parties put together have a narrow majority. Past calls for dialogue on both the separatist and unionist side in the past have failed to yield concrete results and the crisis is likely to keep haunting Madrid, as well as EU leaders, for a long time. Negotiations to form a government in Catalonia are likely to open after Jan. 6 following the holiday break. Parliament must vote by Feb. 8 on putting a new government into place. ",1
11439,Fire in Philippine shopping mall kills 37,"MANILA (Reuters) - Fire swept through a shopping mall in the Philippines killing at least 37 people, most of them workers at a call center, city government officials said on Sunday. The vice mayor of the southern city of Davao, Paolo Duterte, said the chance of survival for any of the 37 people missing at the NCC Mall was  zero .  Let us pray for them,  said Duterte, the eldest son of President Rodrigo Duterte. The fire broke out on Saturday at a furniture store on the mall s third level and quickly engulfed an outsourcing business on the upper floor, said a spokeswoman for the city government, Ma. Teresita Gaspan, The cause was not known but an investigation was being launched, she said. President Duterte and his daughter, Sara Duterte, who is mayor of the city, visited the scene late on Saturday to meet anxious relatives of the missing and survivors.     Six people were rescued and taken to hospital. ",1
11440,Egypt detains 15 after dozens attack Coptic church south of Cairo,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian authorities have detained 15 people pending an investigation into an attack on an unlicensed Coptic Christian church in a village south of Cairo, a security source said on Sunday. Dozens of Muslims from the village of Kafr al-Waslin attacked the church after Friday prayers, smashing the windows and breaking everything inside, the archdiocese of Atfih said in a statement. The diocese had applied to legalize the status of the church, which has housed worshippers for 15 years after a church building law was passed in 2016, the statement said. Those detained are accused of stirring sectarian strife, harming national unity and destroying private property, one judicial source told Reuters.  The owner of the building was also in custody pending inquiries into the operations of the facility by state security and the interior ministry, the source added. Egyptian Christians make up about a tenth of the country s almost 95 million population and are the Middle East s largest Christian community. They have long complained of discrimination in the majority-Muslim country. The government does not make the official number of Christians public in its census and Christians have long complained of being undercounted.  Some Muslims object to turning this building into a church because there s a really big mosque beside it,  one villager who asked not to be named told Reuters.   There are strong social ties between the Muslims and Christians [in our village,  he added.  ",1
11441,Egypt security forces kill nine suspected militants in raid: ministry,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian security forces on Sunday killed nine suspected militants in a shootout in the Nile Delta province of Sharqiya, the interior ministry said in a statement. The ministry said security forces had received information that the militants were using a farm in Sharqiya as a hideout and were trained there to use weapons to carry out attacks in north Sinai. It said their attacks had resulted in the deaths of a number of police and army personnel.   Upon raiding the farm, security forces were surprised by gunshots in their direction which were dealt with, resulting in the killing of nine,  the ministry said. It said it was still trying to determine the identity of the suspects. Weapons and ammunition were found at the farm.  In a separate raid in Cairo on a  terrorist hideout , police arrested nine other suspected militants on Sunday, the ministry said in the same statement. Those arrested all have ties with the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood, it said. Security forces have battled Islamist militants in the mainly desert region stretching from the Suez Canal eastwards to the Gaza Strip and Israel, since 2013. Militants there have killed hundreds of police and soldiers. President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi ordered the armed forces to end the insurgency within three months after an attack on a mosque in North Sinai last month that killed more than 300 people in Egypt s worst militant attack in modern history. ",1
11442,Italy PM plans to shift military forces from Iraq to Niger,"ROME (Reuters) - Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said on Sunday he would propose to parliament transferring some of the country s troops stationed in Iraq to Niger to fight people smuggling and terrorism. Gentiloni said Italy s 1,400-strong military presence in Iraq could now be reduced after victories against Islamic militants and instead deployed in the Sahel region of West Africa.  We have to continue to work, concentrating our attention and energies on the threat of people trafficking and terrorism in the Sahel,  he said aboard the Italian ship Etna used in the European Union s  Sophia  operation to counter people smuggling in the Mediterranean.  For this reason, part of our forces in Iraq will be deployed to Niger in coming months - this is the proposal the government will make to parliament,  Gentiloni said. He did not specify how many people would be sent to Niger. Newspaper Il Fatto Quotidiano wrote on Sunday that the contingent would be  at least 470  as part of a commitment made to French President Emmanuel Macron. Macron has thrown his weight behind a French-backed West African force known as the G5 Sahel, which includes the armies of Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Burkina Faso and Chad, which was set up in October to tackle Islamist militants. To give the force a boost, Macron held a Paris summit on Dec. 13 attended by the leaders of the five participating countries, Germany and Italy as well as Saudi and Emirati ministers. The Italian parliament is expected to be formally dissolved by the end of this year ahead of March elections. But it will continue to meet for  ordinary administration  and could approve Gentiloni s request for the transfer of military personnel. ",1
11443,North Korea says new U.N. sanctions an act of war,"BEIJING/SEOUL (Reuters) - The latest U.N. sanctions against North Korea are an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic blockade against it, North Korea s foreign ministry said on Sunday, threatening to punish those who supported the measure. The U.N. Security Council unanimously imposed new sanctions on North Korea on Friday for its recent intercontinental ballistic missile test, seeking to limit its access to refined petroleum products and crude oil and its earnings from workers abroad. The U.N. resolution seeks to ban nearly 90 percent of refined petroleum exports to North Korea by capping them at 500,000 barrels a year and, in a last-minute change, demands the repatriation of North Koreans working abroad within 24 months, instead of 12 months as first proposed. The U.S.-drafted resolution also caps crude oil supplies to North Korea at 4 million barrels a year and commits the Council to further reductions if it were to conduct another nuclear test or launch another ICBM. In a statement carried by the official KCNA news agency, North Korea s foreign ministry said the United States was terrified by its nuclear force and was getting  more and more frenzied in the moves to impose the harshest-ever sanctions and pressure on our country . The new resolution was tantamount to a complete economic blockade of North Korea, the ministry said.  We define this  sanctions resolution  rigged up by the U.S. and its followers as a grave infringement upon the sovereignty of our Republic, as an act of war violating peace and stability in the Korean peninsula and the region and categorically reject the  resolution ,  it said.  There is no more fatal blunder than the miscalculation that the U.S. and its followers could check by already worn-out  sanctions  the victorious advance of our people who have brilliantly accomplished the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force , the ministry said. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un on Nov. 29 declared the nuclear force complete after the test of North Korea s largest-ever ICBM test, which the country said puts all of the United States within range.  Kim told a meeting of members of the ruling Workers  Party on Friday that the country  successfully realized the historic cause of completing the state nuclear force  despite  short supply in everything and manifold difficulties and ordeals owing to the despicable anti-DPRK moves of the enemies . North Korea s official name is the Democratic People s Republic of Korea (DPRK). South Korea s foreign ministry told Reuters it is aware of the North Korean statement on the new sanctions, again highlighting its position that they are a  grave warning by the international community that the region has no option but to immediately cease reckless provocations, and take the path of dialogue for denuclearization and peace . The North Korean foreign ministry said its nuclear weapons were a self-defensive deterrence not in contradiction of international law.  We will further consolidate our self-defensive nuclear deterrence aimed at fundamentally eradicating the U.S. nuclear threats, blackmail and hostile moves by establishing the practical balance of force with the U.S,  it said.  The U.S. should not forget even a second the entity of the DPRK which rapidly emerged as a strategic state capable of posing a substantial nuclear threat to the U.S. mainland,  it added. North Korea said those who voted for the sanctions would face its wrath.  Those countries that raised their hands in favor of this  sanctions resolution  shall be held completely responsible for all the consequences to be caused by the  resolution  and we will make sure for ever and ever that they pay heavy price for what they have done.  The North s old allies China and Russia both supported the latest U.N. sanctions. Tension has been rising over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, which it pursues in defiance of years of U.N. Security Council resolutions, with bellicose rhetoric coming from both Pyongyang and the White House. In November, North Korea demanded a halt to what it called  brutal sanctions , saying a round imposed after its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3 constituted genocide. U.S. diplomats have made clear they are seeking a diplomatic solution but proposed the new, tougher sanctions resolution to ratchet up pressure on North Korea s leader. China, with which North Korea does some 90 percent of its trade, has repeatedly called for calm and restraint from all sides.  China said on Saturday the new resolution also reiterated the need for a peaceful resolution via talks and that all sides needed to take steps to reduce tensions. Chinese state-run tabloid the Global Times said on Saturday  the tougher resolution was aimed at preventing war. It suggested the United States had wanted an even harsher resolution, and noted there was no indication in the resolution that the United Nations could grant the United States permission for military action.  The difference between the new resolution and the original U.S. proposal reflects the will of China and Russia to prevent war and chaos on the Korean Peninsula. If the U.S. proposals were accepted, only war is foreseeable,  it said in an editorial. ",1
11444,Beirut activists hold vigil in tribute to murdered women,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Dozens of people gathered outside Beirut s national museum on Saturday evening to light candles for a British woman and three Arab women murdered in the past week in Lebanon.  The killing of the British embassy worker Rebecca Dykes last week has sparked extensive media coverage in Lebanon, prompting activists to press for more attention to be given to widespread violence against women.  Lebanese women s rights activists held the vigil to mourn the victims, demand better laws, and to protest against the violence - including the three reported murders in northern Lebanon alone over the past week.   Society refuses to listen to us or see us until our blood is spilled,  Leen Hashem, an organizer, told the crowd from the steps of the museum.  This violence is structural and systematic.   Justice is not only arresting the criminal. Justice is for all this not to happen to us in the first place,  she said.   Don t tell me to cover up. Tell him not to rape me,  one woman chanted through a megaphone, a demand repeated by people in the crowd.  Participants laid white roses over pictures of the four women, and lined the steps with candles.  Wafaa al-Kabbout stood on the sidelines, holding a framed photo of her 21-year-old daughter Zahraa, whose ex-husband shot her dead last year.  Now my daughter is gone, she s not coming back,  she said.  But all these young women are our daughters. And there is still fear for the young women after them.  The United Nations says a third of women worldwide have suffered sexual or physical violence. A 2017 national study by the Beirut-based women s rights group ABAAD said that one in four women have been raped in Lebanon. Less than a quarter of women who faced sexual assault reported it, the survey said.   Little by little, we are breaking the silence ... for women to come forward and talk about the violence they are facing,  said Saja Michael, program manager at ABAAD.  In the past five years, women have become more likely to report violence and seek help, she said, though sexual assault remains a bit more taboo. Part of the reason is that NGOs have set up new shelters and community centers, with psychological, legal, medical, and other services, Michael added.  It s becoming more of a public discourse,  she said.  It s no longer what s happening behind closed doors.  Lebanon s parliament passed a long-awaited law in 2014 that penalized domestic violence for the first time. But rights groups were outraged that authorities watered it down, and it fell short of criminalizing marital rape.  Child marriage also remains legal in Lebanon. In August, parliament abolished a law that absolved rapists if they married their victims, joining other Arab states that repealed similar laws this year. Activists welcomed it as a major step, but said there was a long way to go on Lebanese legislation to protect women.  Every day we are subjected to harassment, in college, on the street, everywhere,  said Ramona Abdallah, a university student at the vigil.  It really could be any one of us.  Rebecca Dykes, 30, who worked at the British embassy in Lebanon, was found strangled beside a highway outside Beirut last weekend. A Lebanese Uber driver picked her up before assaulting and killing her, state media said. A security official said the suspect had confessed.         Earlier in the same week, a Lebanese man killed his mother-in-law and wounded his wife by shooting them inside their home in the northern Akkar region, state news agency NNA said. Authorities have arrested him, it said.  In another incident, Nazira al-Tartousi, a 15-year-old pregnant Syrian, was found dead with a bullet in her neck in the north, security sources said. Her husband, the suspect, has denied killing her, they said. And Yaman Darwish, 22, died after sustaining a broken chin and gunshot wounds in another northern village, the security sources said. The investigation showed the Lebanese woman had also been hit on the head with a vase, and choked.  ",1
11445,Rescuers search for Philippine storm victims as toll rises to 200,"MANILA (Reuters) - Rescuers in the Philippines searched on Sunday for survivors of a storm that triggered floods and landslides and killed about 200 people, left scores missing and thousands homeless, most of whom apparently ignored warnings to move to safety. Misery in the largely Christian Philippines was compounded by the death of at least 37 people in a shopping mall fire, officials said on Christmas Eve. The Philippines is battered by about 20 typhoons a year and warnings are routinely issued, but the level of destruction wreaked by tropical storm Tembin on the southern island of Mindanao from late on Friday came as a surprise.   It happened very fast, the flood waters quickly rose filling our house,  farmer Felipe Ybarsabal, 65, told Reuters by telephone, saying he and his family had to run to higher ground.   We weren t able to save anything from the house. There was no help from anyone because it was so fast. Everything was two to three meters under water in less than an hour.  Police and disaster officials said they expected the toll of about 200 dead to rise with more fatalities likely to be discovered in remote farm communities and coastal areas, as rescuers reached them and restored communication and power links. Disaster officials said 159 people were listed as missing while about 70,000 had been forced from their homes. Soldiers and police joined emergency workers and volunteers to search for survivors and victims, clear debris and restore power and communications. Disaster officials said many villagers had ignored warnings to leave coastal areas and move away from riverbanks, and got swept away when flash floods and landslides struck. The storm was moving west on Sunday, over some outlying Philippine islands and the South China Sea toward southern Vietnam, at a speed of about 20 kph (12 mph). It intensified into a typhoon with winds of 120 kph (75 mph) as it moved out of the Philippine area of responsibility, the national meteorological agency said. The United Nations was ready to help the Philippines, a spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said in a statement. Pope Francis offered his prayers for the people of Mindanao while delivering his weekly blessing to a crowd on St Peter s Square at the Vatican.  Merciful Lord, take in the souls of the dead and comfort those who are suffering as a result of this calamity,  he said. Last week, 46 people were killed in the central Philippines when a typhoon hit. In 2013, super typhoon Haiyan killed nearly 8,000 people and left 200,000 families homeless. The south of the Philippines has been plagued by insurgencies by communist rebels and Muslim separatists for years, as well as often bearing the brunt of tropical storms roaring in from the Pacific. The region was hit by another disaster on the weekend when fire swept through a shopping mall in the city of Davao, killing at least 37 people, most of them workers at a call center, city government officials said. The vice mayor of the southern city of Davao, Paolo Duterte, said the chance of survival for any of the 37 people missing at the NCC Mall was  zero . The fire broke out on Saturday at a furniture shop on the mall s third level and quickly engulfed an outsourcing business on the top floor, said a spokeswoman for the city government, Ma. Teresita Gaspan. The cause was not known but an investigation was being launched as authorities searched for the bodies of the victims. President Duterte, and his daughter, Sara Duterte, who is mayor of the city, visited the scene late on Saturday to meet anxious relatives of the missing and survivors. ",1
11446,Swiss president wants a vote to clarify country's EU position,"ZURICH (Reuters) - A referendum in Switzerland to clarify the country s relationship with the European Union would be helpful, Swiss President Doris Leuthard said on Sunday, after ties between the two sides cooled this week. Switzerland s frictions with the EU, of which it is not a member, arise as Britain negotiates its withdrawal from the bloc following a referendum in June last year and seeks a new trading relationship with its closest neighbors. Talks on securing a new  framework  treaty to govern the Swiss-EU relationship have been underway for some time, with Brussels wanting to replace the more than 100 bilateral accords which regulate its relationship with Bern. But relations soured this week when the EU granted Swiss stock exchanges only limited access to the bloc, prompting Swiss threats of retaliation for what it called discrimination.  The bilateral path is important,  Leuthard told Swiss newspapers Sonntags Blick.  We therefore have to clarify our relationship with Europe. We have to know in which direction to go.  Therefore a fundamental referendum would be helpful.  Talks on the an all-encompassing agreement made headway last month after Switzerland agreed to increase its contribution to the EU s budget. Such a deal would ensure Switzerland adopts relevant EU laws in return for enhanced access to the bloc s single market, crucial for Swiss exports. But a deal would be opposed by the anti-EU Swiss People s Party (SVP), currently the biggest group in parliament.  Leuthard, who steps down as president at the end of the year, said the latest row had not overshadowed her year in the rotating office.  Of course, the differences with Brussels are now in focus. Here our attitude is clear - for the EU to link such a technical thing like stock exchange equivalency with a political question like the framework treaty, that is not possible,   She said some countries were putting Switzerland in the same category as Britain, while others wanted to strengthen their own financial centers at Switzerland s expense.  Others think we are cherry pickers who benefit too much from the single European market, they want to increase pressure for a framework agreement,  Leuthard said. Pressure from outside would did not contribute to a beneficial climate in Switzerland over a potential agreement, she said. She said she understood Swiss scepticism towards the EU, but there was no alternative to finding an accommodation with the bloc which generates around two thirds of Swiss trade.  We can strengthen the cooperation with India and China, but the EU remains central. We need a mechanism and regulated relationship with the EU, that would also prevent political games like we are having at the moment,  Leuthard said. ",1
11447,"London Zoo reopens after fire that killed aardvark, meerkats","LONDON (Reuters) - London Zoo reopened on Sunday, a day after a fire that killed an aardvark and likely four meerkats and which left staff suffering from smoke inhalation and shock. The Zoo said an initial post mortem showed the aardvark named Misha most likely died from smoke inhalation whilst sleeping, while the four meerkats unaccounted for were presumed to have died.  We are all naturally devastated by this but are immensely grateful to the fire brigade, who reacted quickly to the situation to bring the fire under control,  ZSL London Zoo said in a statement on Sunday.  After consultation with fire experts attending yesterday, we are able to safely open the zoo today.  The fire broke out shortly after 0600 GMT on Saturday in the Animal Adventure section before spreading to a shop and cafe at the site in Regent s Park in central London. The zoo, which dates from 1826, said it was too soon to speculate on the cause of the fire. ",1
11448,Turkey wants to bring wounded from Syria's Ghouta for treatment,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey is working with Russia to evacuate around 500 people from the besieged Damascus suburb of eastern Ghouta, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Sunday.  There are around 500 people, including 170 children and women who need urgent humanitarian aid,  Erdogan said ahead of his departure on an official visit to Sudan. He said he had discussed the issue with Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin. Ankara aimed to bring people in need of assistance to Turkey to provide treatment and care. The Russian and Turkish chiefs of staff would discuss the  steps to be taken in operations that would also involve the  Turkish Red Cresent and Turkey s Disaster and Emergency Organisation (AFAD), Erdogan said. In November, the U.N. humanitarian adviser for Syria called the situation in eastern Ghouta a humanitarian emergency. ",1
11449,Egypt FM to head to Ethiopia after Nile dam talks stall,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry will visit Addis Ababa next week for talks with his Ethiopian counterpart, a foreign ministry spokesman said, in a bid to end a standoff over a multi-billion dollar dam project on the Nile river. The dispute, which also involves Sudan, centers on control of a share of the waters of the Nile that stretches 6,695 km (4,184 miles) from Lake Victoria to the Mediterranean and is the economic lifeblood of all three countries. Cairo says the dam would threaten water supplies that have fed Egypt s agriculture and economy for thousands of years. Ethiopia says the Grand Renaissance Dam, which it hopes will help make it Africa s largest power exporter, will have no major effect on Egypt. It accuses Cairo of flexing its political muscle to deter financiers from backing other Ethiopian power projects. Delegations from Egypt, Sudan and Ethiopia met in Cairo in November to approve a study by a French firm commissioned to assess the dam s environmental and economic impact. But negotiations stalled when they failed to agree on the initial report with each blaming others for blocking progress. Sudan s Irrigation Minister Moataz Moussa said Egypt was unwilling to accept amendments to the report put forward by Khartoum and Addis Ababa. Sudan and Ethiopia had expressed concern over several points, especially the proposed baseline from which the study would measure the dam s impacts, Moussa said in November. Another source of disagreement is whether Ethiopia plans to complete construction before negotiations over water flows have finished.  It s clear they don t want to reach conclusions quickly. We believe they probably want to start filling the dam and complete construction while there are still some ongoing discussions,  said Mahmoud Abou Zeid, Arab Water Council Chair and former Egyptian irrigation minister. He said this would violate an agreement signed by all three countries in Khartoum in 2015 meant to ensure diplomatic cooperation and stem fears of a resource conflict. Cairo fears the 6,000-megawatt dam, being built by Italy s largest construction firm, Salini Impregilo SpA, and due for completion next year, will reduce the flow it depends on for drinking water and irrigation. Egyptian officials say safeguarding the country s quota of Nile water is a matter of national security.  No one can touch Egypt s water ... (which) means life or death for a population,  President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi said last month. ",1
11450,"China closes more than 13,000 websites in past three years","BEIJING (Reuters) - China has closed more than 13,000 websites since the beginning of 2015 for breaking the law or other rules and the vast majority of people support government efforts to clean up cyberspace, state news agency Xinhua said on Sunday. The government has stepped up already tight controls over the internet since President Xi Jinping took power five years ago, in what critics say is an effort to restrict freedom of speech and prevent criticism of the ruling Communist Party. The government says all countries regulate the internet, and its rules are aimed at ensuring national security and social stability and preventing the spread of pornography and violent content. A report to the on-going session of the standing committee of China s largely rubber stamp parliament said the authorities had targeted pornography and violence in their sweeps of websites, blogs and social media accounts, Xinhua said. As well as the 13,000 websites shut down, almost 10 million accounts had also been closed by websites, it added. It did not give details but the accounts were likely on social media platforms.  Internet security concerns the party s long-term hold on power, the country s long-term peace and stability, socio-economic development and the people s personal interests,  Xinhua said. More than 90 percent of people surveyed supported government efforts to manage the internet, with 63.5 percent of them believing that in recent years there has been an obvious reduction in harmful online content, it added.  These moves have a powerful deterrent effect,  Wang Shengjun, vice chairman of parliament s standing committee, told legislators, according to Xinhua. Authorities including the Cyberspace Administration of China have summoned more than 2,200 websites operators for talks during the same period, he said. Separately, Xinhua said that over the past five years, more than 10 million people who refused to register using their real names had internet or other telecoms accounts suspended. China ushered in a tough cyber security law in June, following years of fierce debate around the controversial legislation that many foreign business groups fear will hit their ability to operate in the country. China maintains a strict censorship regime, banning access to many foreign news outlets, search engines and social media including Google (GOOGL.O) and Facebook (FB.O). ",1
11451,"Turkey dismisses more than 2,700 with emergency rule decree","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey said on Sunday that 2,756 people were dismissed from their jobs in public institutions including soldiers, teachers and ministry personnel over links to  terror  organizations. The dismissed personnel were found to be members of, or linked to,  terror  groups, structures and entities that act against national security, according to a decree published in the Official Gazette. Some 50,000 people have been arrested since a failed putsch in July last year and about 150,000 have been dismissed or suspended from their posts, including soldiers, police, teachers and public servants, over alleged links with the movement of U.S-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. The government accused Gulen of organizing the attempted coup. Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999, has denied the accusation and condemned the coup. Rights groups and some Western allies fear President Tayyip Erdogan is using the attempted coup as a pretext to stifle dissent.  The government argues the crackdown is necessary due to the gravity of the coup attempt, in which 240 people were killed. ",1
11452,"Venezuela freeing some jailed activists, may expel diplomats","CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s leftist government prepared to release some 80 jailed anti-government activists on Saturday, and threatened to expel envoys from Canada and Brazil after criticism over rights.  Delcy Rodriguez, head of the pro-government Constituent Assembly, told reporters the legislative superbody was recommending the detainees be given alternative punishments such as community service and compensation for victims. Thirteen activists were later paraded in front of state TV cameras during a meeting with Rodriguez, a hardline ally of President Nicolas Maduro. They looked stony-faced as they sat listening to her admonishments in the formal surroundings of Venezuela s colonial-era foreign ministry. Rights groups and foes of Maduro say authorities are unfairly holding 268 political prisoners for protesting against  dictatorship.  Maduro, the 55-year-old successor to Hugo Chavez, says all jailed activists are there on legitimate charges of violence and subversion.   Let it be understood that the events promoted by the extremist Venezuelan opposition, which caused Venezuelans  deaths, must not be repeated,  Rodriguez said. Some 170 people died in violence around two bouts of anti-Maduro street protests in 2014 and earlier this year.   The assembly president told the detainees at the meeting they would return to their detention centers for medical tests then be freed to spend Christmas with loved ones.  The releases, albeit with alternative sentences, could inject life into stuttering political talks between the government and opposition due to resume in the Dominican Republic in early January. Western nations and Latin American neighbors have been increasingly critical of Maduro this year, accusing him of stamping on democracy and human rights. The government says foreign nations are trying to encourage a right-wing coup. Rodriguez said the Constituent Assembly - which various foreign countries refuse to accept - was also recommending Brazil s ambassador Ruy Pereira and Canada s charge d affaires Craig Kowalik both be declared  persona non grata.  The Canadian government, which has imposed sanctions on Maduro s administration, said it would not be cowed into easing pressure on  the anti-democratic Maduro regime  in Venezuela.  Canadians will not stand by silently as the Government of Venezuela robs its people of their fundamental democratic and human rights, and denies them access to basic humanitarian needs,  said Global Affairs Canada, the government department that manages its foreign and trade relations. Brazil s foreign ministry also responded sternly.  If confirmed, the Venezuelan government s decision to declare Brazil s ambassador persona non grata shows once more the authoritarian stance of Nicolas Maduro s administration and its lack of willingness to engage in any dialogue,  it said, promising reciprocal measures. U.S. President Donald Trump s administration has been especially critical of Maduro, also imposing sanctions on him and other senior Venezuelan officials this year. Under new stewardship with the arrival of charge d affaires Todd Robinson last week, Washington s embassy in Caracas called on Saturday for the freedom of all jailed activists.  We urge Maduro s regime to respect human rights,  it tweeted.  Free them during this holiday time.  ",1
11453,"In 'China's Jerusalem', Christians say faith trumps official Sunday School ban","WENZHOU, China (Reuters) - When authorities in China s southeastern city of Wenzhou outlawed Sunday School earlier this year, Christian parents determined their children must still learn about Jesus and the Bible. Churches in Wenzhou started teaching children in private homes or at other venues. Some billed Sunday School classes as daycare, not education, or moved them to Saturdays, more than a dozen local Christians told Reuters. Wenzhou, sometimes known as  China s Jerusalem  due to its sizable Christian community, is at the forefront of a growing standoff between China s leadership and the country s devout over religious education for children. The ruling and officially atheist Communist Party has increased efforts to curb the influence of Christianity, tightening restrictions on faith classes and warning against the religion s  Western  ideas. But Christians say the resolve of the community in Wenzhou suggests the party will struggle to exert control over the next generation of the country s 60 million Christians. In her house,  faith comes first, grades come second,  said one parent surnamed Chen, asking not to use her full name due to the sensitivity of the matter. Immaculately turned out in a cream fur coat and wearing a giant turquoise ring, Chen is one of Wenzhou s numerous wealthy Christians who say their children must attend Bible classes because state education fails to provide sufficient moral and spiritual guidance.   Drugs, porn, gambling and violence are serious problems among today s youth and video games are extremely seductive,  she told Reuters.  We cannot be by his side all the time so only through faith can we make him understand (the right thing to do).   In some districts of Wenzhou, in Zhejiang province, an official edict has prohibited Sunday Schools since August, according to three sources with direct knowledge of the matter.    The provinces of Zhejiang, Fujian, Jiangsu, Henan and the autonomous region of Inner Mongolia have barred children from faith activities including summer camp, Christian news site World Watch Monitor reported in September. Sources spoken to by Reuters were unaware if the policy was a local government initiative or centrally mandated. They also did not know of any similar bans in other regions of China.  Also in September, new rules were released expanding state oversight of religious education nationwide in what officials say is an attempt to create a new generation of religious leaders loyal to the party. China s State Administration for Religious Affairs and the foreign affairs office of the Wenzhou city government did not reply to faxed requests for comment.  In the last four decades of economic prosperity, China s faithful have multiplied rapidly. Official numbers say there are now around 30 million Christians, while independent estimates suggest the number is about 60 million, most of whom are Protestants.  In Wenzhou, a small Christian community started by 19th century missionaries has bloomed to over one million Christians. Until recent years, they had enjoyed a relatively relaxed relationship with local officials, residents said. Then, in 2014, a government campaign to demolish  illegal  churches and tear down the crosses that adorned them sparked an outcry from the Christian community and sowed mistrust of authorities among believers. The campaign came shortly after President Xi Jinping, who had been communist party chief of Zhejiang from 2002 to 2007, was appointed General Secretary of the party. But attempts to stem the rapid growth of believers has struggled in Wenzhou where churches, often funded by devout local business owners, are ubiquitous.  Wenzhou government does not let churches register, because there are way too many, so there are lots of house churches and it is tough for the government to manage them,  Zhao Gang, the minister at Wenzhou s Church of the Rose-tinted Clouds, told Reuters.      Sunday School textbooks have been especially sensitive in the clampdown in Wenzhou, teachers said. The government restricts religious publications, and churches often use translated texts from overseas. One teacher said classes resumed when they stopped using unsanctioned textbooks and avoided the words  Sunday School .  Chinese law officially grants religious freedom for all, including children, but regulations on education and protection of minors also say religion cannot be used to hinder state education or to  coerce  children to believe. Local governments in troubled areas of China, such as the far western region of Xinjiang, ban children attending religious events, but Christian communities elsewhere rarely face blanket restrictions. This year, the party has been unusually strict in warning university students, state-owned enterprise employees and officials themselves against celebrating Christmas, with admonitions such as to  resist the corrosion of Western religious culture , according to state media reports. While parents in Wenzhou want to control their children s education, the government is working to create a new crop of religious leaders loyal to the party. New rules governing religious schools from China s cabinet, due to take effect in February, are necessary to meet China s  pressing need  for patriotic religious leaders, Wang Zuoan, the head of China s official State Administration of Religious Affairs, told Reuters in written comments in October.  We hope that the talent graduating from religious schools will be up to standard in both their political and religious character and will do a good job of combining love for the country with love for religion,  he said. But for many Christians allowing the party to control religious education is unacceptable, as it requires putting the party before God, according to Sarah Cook, a New York-based analyst at Freedom House, an advocacy group. As such, the party can only do so much to control faith education.  There are always going to be kids at home whose bedtimes stories are from the Bible,  Cook said.  For Chen in Wenzhou, faith should be at the forefront of education until believers outnumber atheists in China s young.  There will definitely be more Christian believers in the next generation,  she said.  The ability for the Christian faith to be inherited and passed on is ever growing.  ",1
11454,"Peru's Fujimori taken to hospital from prison, life at risk: doctor","LIMA (Reuters) - Peru s former President Alberto Fujimori was rushed from prison to a local hospital by ambulance late on Saturday after suffering a severe drop in blood pressure and abnormal heart rhythm that put him at risk of dying, Fujimori s doctor said. Cardiologists recommended that he be removed from prison immediately, Alejandro Aguinaga said.  It looks complicated,  he told journalists gathered outside the hospital. Fujimori, 79, is serving a 25-year sentence for graft and human rights crimes. He is a deeply divisive figure in Peru. While many consider him a corrupt dictator, others credit him with ending an economic crisis and bloody leftist insurgency during his 1990-2000 term. The medical emergency will likely heap pressure on center-right President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski to free the former  leader, a move that could rewrite political alliances and spark protests in one of Latin America s most stable economies. Three days earlier, a faction of Fujimori s supporters in Congress unexpectedly saved Kuczynski from a motion that would have forced him from office less than two years into his five-year-term. The opposition said Kuczynski only survived the vote by promising 10 lawmakers that he would free Fujimori if they backed him. Kuczynski s government denies the allegations. Fujimori fled Peru for his parent s native Japan as his government imploded in a graft scandal at the turn of the century. He was eventually extradited to Peru and was convicted for leading death squads that massacred civilians. Despite Fujimori s downfall, the rightwing populist movement Fujimori started in the 1990s remains one of the country s most potent political forces. His two adult children, Keiko and Kenji, lead rival factions of the rightwing party, Popular Force, that controls a majority of seats in Congress and pushed to oust Kuczynski this week. Over the past year, Kenji has challenged his sister Keiko s leadership and he has led calls for his release, which could give him a boost if he is freed. TV images showed Kenji, who led the faction that backed Kuczynski, riding in the ambulance that drove Fujimori to the Peruvian-Japanese Centenario Clinic for treatment.  If a (presidential) pardon happens now, it s because there was a pact,  Congresswoman Marisa Glave said on Twitter.  A pardon can t be decided in an under-the-table deal.  Glave is one of about 10 leftist lawmakers who - despite criticizing Kuczynski as a lobbyist - opted not to support the bid to oust him out of fear it would empower Popular Force. Fujimori s well-organized foes were key to Kuczynski s razor-thin victory over Keiko in last year s presidential election, and to keeping Keiko s followers from ousting him this week. Fujimori s supporters dismissed suggestions that his health troubles were a ruse to pave the way for a pardon.  There s no circus,  Luisa Maria Cuculiza, a former ruling party lawmaker during his government, said on local broadcaster RPP. ",1
11455,"Mexico murders hit record high, dealing blow to president","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico has this year registered its highest murder total since modern records began, according to official data, dealing a fresh blow to President Enrique Pena Nieto s pledge to get gang violence under control with presidential elections due in 2018. A total of 23,101 murder investigations were opened in the first 11 months of this year, surpassing the 22,409 registered in the whole of 2011, figures published on Friday night by the interior ministry showed. The figures go back to 1997. Pena Nieto took office in December 2012 pledging to tame the violence that escalated under his predecessor Felipe Calderon. He managed to reduce the murder tally during the first two years of his term, but since then it has risen steadily. At 18.7 per 100,000 inhabitants, the 2017 Mexican murder rate is still lower than it was in 2011, when it reached almost 19.4 per 100,000, the data showed. The rate has also held below levels reported in several other Latin American countries. According to U.N. figures used in the World Bank s online database, Brazil and Colombia both had a murder rate of 27 per 100,000, Venezuela 57, Honduras 64 and El Salvador 109 in 2015, the last year for which data are available. The U.S. rate was 5 per 100,000. Still, Pena Nieto s failure to contain the killings has damaged his credibility and hurt his centrist Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), which faces an uphill struggle to hold onto power in the July 2018 presidential election. The law bars Pena Nieto from running again. The current front-runner in the race, leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, has floated exploring an amnesty with criminal gangs to reduce the violence, without fleshing out the idea. Mexican newspaper Reforma said on Saturday that after a campaign stop in the central state of Hidalgo on Friday, Lopez Obrador again addressed the issue when asked whether talks aimed at stopping the violence could include criminal gangs.  There can be dialogue with everyone. There needs to be dialogue and there needs to be a push to end the war and guarantee peace. Things can t go on as before,  Reforma quoted Lopez Obrador as saying. Such a strategy harbors risks for the former Mexico City mayor. A poll this month showed that two-thirds of Mexicans reject offering an amnesty to members of criminal gangs in a bid to curb violence, with less than a quarter in favor. Separately, Lopez Obrador said on Saturday he would get rid of Mexico s intelligence agency CISEN if he won the July election, calling it an  unnecessary expense.   We re not going to monitor anybody, we re not going to spy, we re not going to listen to phone calls, or hack phones to get files and photos,  he said in the central town of Tezontepec. ",1
11456,"Help refugees wherever they come from, Austria's Kurz says","BERLIN (Reuters) - Austria s new Chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, called for an end to  failed  attempts to achieve a quota system for distributing asylum seekers around the European Union and urged new efforts to help refugees in their country of origin. When he was foreign minister, Kurz, a conservative now governing in coalition with the far-right Freedom Party, was a strong critic of Chancellor Angela Merkel s decision to open Germany s borders to more than a million fleeing migrants in 2015. Since becoming Chancellor this week, he has aligned himself with central European neighbors like Hungary and the Czech Republic in opposing German-backed proposals to distribute asylum seekers around EU member states.  Forcing states to take refugees doesn t take Europe any further. The discussion makes no sense,  he told Germany s Bild am Sonntag newspaper.  Migrants who set off for Europe don t want to go to Bulgaria or Hungary. They want to go to Germany, Austria or Sweden.  Instead of doubling down on what he termed a  failed  policy, Kurz called for the EU to support,  perhaps militarily , efforts to help migrants in their countries of origin or in neighboring states.  If that isn t possible, then they should be helped in safe areas on their own continent,  he said.  The EU should support that, perhaps even organize it, and back it militarily.  It was not clear from the interview extracts, published by the newspaper, what kind of military support he envisaged. But European leaders have on occasion suggested the EU contribute to peacekeeping operations to stabilize conflicts in Africa. The question of how to deal with streams of migrants fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa also divides Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) as they prepare for talks on forming a new government. Hard-line members of Merkel s conservative camp demand tight absolute caps on the numbers of refugees allowed to enter Germany each year, while a senior SPD official on Saturday suggested local authorities around Europe be paid to house refugees. ",1
11457,German would-be partners have very different immigration ideas,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Leading figures from Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) outlined differing visions on how their possible government would approach immigration, as Germany s would-be coalition partners prepared for talks in the New Year.    Chancellor Merkel s 2015 decision to open the doors to more than a million migrants, many fleeing war in the Middle East, transformed Germany s demographic landscape and boosted the far right, hurting her bloc and the SPD in September s election. In separate interviews, Thomas Strobl, deputy leader of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and SPD foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel outlined ways of winning back disenchanted supporters. Strobl told the Heilbronner Stimme newspaper Germany should cap the number of new immigrants at 65,000 a year, the level in 2012, and far below the limit of 200,000 that the conservatives had previously advocated. But Gabriel, whose party s restive membership would be unlikely to accept such a draconian cap, suggested municipalities around Germany and Europe could be compensated financially if they agreed to shelter refugees.  That way municipalities would decide themselves how many refugees to take,  he told the Funke newspaper group.  That would avoid citizens gaining the impression that refugees get everything and we get nothing.  Germany has argued in vain for the stream of migrants fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa to be divided proportionately between the European Union s member states, with poorer, more ethnically homogenous eastern members particularly set against the idea.  The EU could establish a program to help municipalities in poorer countries with the financing,  Gabriel added. Merkel, for whom a renewed conservative-SPD  grand coalition  is her best chance of securing a fourth term as chancellor,  has blamed her Sept. 24 election losses on concern at migration and now favors a tougher stance on deporting migrants accused of crimes. The SPD s membership, which must ratify any government deal, is cautious about repeating the experience of a grand coalition, for which voters rewarded it with a drubbing in the polling booths. While Gabriel is not a member of the SPD s negotiating team, his proposal could prove popular with the party s broadly more pro-European rank-and-file, and especially with party leader Martin Schulz, a former European Parliament president. In a further sign the center-left party is trying to distinguish itself from the conservatives, party deputy chairman Hubertus Heil said the next government should allocate 12 billion euros more to education over the next four years. The money was needed to fund investment in digital learning methods, he told newspaper Bild am Sonntag, insisting that the federal government had to play a bigger role in education, traditionally a state-level competency. Exploratory talks between the parties are due to begin on Jan. 7, and Merkel hopes to reach a deal by mid-January. ",1
11458,"Myanmar, accused of crackdown, invited to U.S.-Thai military exercise","WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Myanmar military, which has been accused of ethnic cleansing against the country s Muslim Rohingya minority, has been invited back as an observer in a major multinational military exercise next year led by the United States and Thailand.   Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Logan, a Pentagon spokesman, told Reuters that Thailand had invited Myanmar to take part in the annual Cobra Gold exercise, which involves thousands of U.S and Thai military personnel and participants from other Asian countries.  Myanmar had been invited to observe the humanitarian assistance and disaster relief portion of the exercise, Logan said.  A senior officer at the Directorate of Joint Intelligence of the Royal Thai Armed Forces told Reuters it was unclear whether Myanmar had accepted the invitation but Thailand was eager for them to join. Asked why Thailand decided to invite Myanmar despite concerns over the crackdown against the Rohingya and whether this issue was part of their deliberations, the official said:  That never came up in the discussions. We separated that issue (the Rohingya). We focus on training, on education, on military cooperation. That is our wish, to have Myanmar involved.   That is politics. We are soldiers. This is a military exercise,  added the official, who declined to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media. The Myanmar military did not respond to several requests for comment. When asked whether the U.S. military had attempted to apply pressure on Thailand not to invite Myanmar because of the international condemnation of its crackdown, the Pentagon declined to comment on internal deliberations.   Myanmar s military cracked down on Muslim Rohingya from Rakhine state following Rohingya militant attacks on an army base and police posts in August. The crackdown has caused around 650,000 Rohingya to flee to Bangladesh in recent months.  The United States and the United Nations have described the campaign as ethnic cleansing of the stateless Rohingya people.  The Myanmar military has said its own internal investigation had exonerated security forces of all accusations of atrocities in Rakhine.   But earlier this week, the United States imposed sanctions on 13  serious human rights abusers and corrupt actors  including Myanmar general Maung Maung Soe, who oversaw the crackdown against the Rohingya.  Zachary Abuza, a professor at the U.S. National War College, said inviting Myanmar to the exercise was  outrageous  and sent the wrong message.  To invite them after what the U.S. government has labeled ethnic cleansing, when the Treasury Department just yesterday designated the commander for these egregious violations of human rights, just seems wrong, and that is putting it too mildly,  said Abuza, who focuses on Southeast Asia and security issues, including human rights. In the 2017 Cobra Gold exercise, 29 nations either participated or observed the exercise, including Myanmar. It included about 3,600 U.S. personnel. Cobra Gold is an annual exercise in Thailand. The 2018 war games are expected to be held in February. The United States and Thailand have carried out joint war games for decades, even though Bangkok s record on human rights and democracy has often been criticized in Washington. The U.S.-Thai relationship cooled when the Thai military took power in a 2014 coup but has improved under President Donald Trump. Two Reuters journalists were arrested in Myanmar on Dec. 12 and on Thursday appeared in court and have been remanded in custody. Reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo have been in detention for nine days with no detail on where they are being held. They have not had access to visitors or lawyers.     ",1
11459,Israel frees three Turks arrested amid Jerusalem unrest,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - An Israeli court on Saturday freed without charge three Turks who had been arrested on suspicion of assaulting police outside a Jerusalem holy site contested by Jews and Muslims, a police spokesman said.  The men - described by police as tourists - were taken into custody on Friday, as Israel confronted a weekly surge in protests against U.S. President Donald Trump s Dec. 6 recognition of Jerusalem as its capital. Bystander video appeared to show Israeli police detaining several fez-wearing men and boys in the walled Old City of East Jerusalem, which Israel captured in a 1967 war and which Palestinians want as capital of their own future state. Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said the three Turks had tried to reach Al Aqsa Mosque, Islam s third-most important shrine, where  they planned on taking part in a demonstration . Jews revere the site as the vestige of their two ancient temples, and sometimes visit under the protection of Israeli police who also guard the compound entrances - a presence resented by many Palestinians. Rosenfeld said the three Turks  carried out an assault on police officers there . He did not elaborate on the circumstances, other than to say there were no casualties.  Brought before Jerusalem Magistrate s Court on Saturday, the men did not speak from the dock. Two of them flashed four-finger hand gestures that appeared to be the so-called  Rabia sign  of solidarity with Egypt s ousted Muslim Brotherhood.   The Turks  Israeli defense lawyer, Nick Kaufman, said police asked the court to keep them in custody so charges of assaulting a police officer and resisting arrest could be brought.  It was obvious that this was a politically charged case and the judge rightly released them,  Kaufman told Reuters.  ",1
11460,"China punishes over 8,000 people for misuse of government funds: Xinhua","SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China has punished 8,123 people for committing fiscal violations after an audit of how the government s 2016 central budget was spent revealed multiple problems, the Xinhua state news agency reported. Hu Zejun, head of the National Audit Office, announced the infringements while briefing lawmakers on Saturday, Xinhua said. A broad anti-graft campaign in China, aimed at rooting out deep-seated corruption in the ruling Communist Party, including the misuse or embezzlement of government funds, has ensnared more than 1.3 million officials. Hu said that of the offenders, 970 were punished for misusing funds earmarked for a poverty relief campaign intended to lift everyone in rural areas out of poverty by 2020. Another 1,363 were punished for irregularities in the use of funds meant to provide affordable housing, she said.  She said 800 people in state-owned enterprises and 73 people in eight major banks were found to have committed violations, along with 505 people who were punished for malpractice involving medical insurance funds. Hu also said about 48 billion yuan ($7.30 billion) of the funds earmarked for affordable housing projects had been left unused for more than year, she said, while another 1.37 billion yuan of misused funds were recovered.  The unused affordable housing funds had since been put to use, she said. Hu gave no details of what punishment the violators faced. ",1
11461,"Ululations, tears as white Zimbabwean farmer returns to seized land","RUSAPE, Zimbabwe (Reuters) - The last time white Zimbabwean farmer Rob Smart left his land it was at gunpoint, forced out in June by riot police armed with tear gas and AK-47 assault rifles. He returned on Thursday to ululations and tears of joy from  former workers and their families who were also kicked out - a jubilant return and the first sign that the president who has replaced Robert Mugabe is making good on a vow to stop illegal land seizures and restore property rights. Scores of jubilant black Zimbabweans nearly knocked the 71-year-old off his feet as he and his two children stepped out of their car and onto their land for the first time in six months. Smart s case was taken up by Emmerson Mnangagwa, Zimbabwe s then vice-president who heard of Smart s violent eviction while at an investment conference in Johannesburg.  Mnangagwa became president last month following a de facto coup that ended 93-year-old Mugabe s rule. In the latter half of his 37 years in power, Zimbabwe s economy collapsed, especially after the seizure of thousands of white-owned commercial farms under the banner of post-colonial land reform.  Land ownership is one of Zimbabwe s most sensitive political topics. Colonialists seized some of the best agricultural land and much of it remained in the hands of white farmers after independence in 1980 leaving many blacks effectively landless. Twenty years later, Mugabe authorized the violent invasion of many white-owned farms and justified it on the grounds that it was redressing imbalances from the colonial era. White farmers complained that well connected people used state security forces to force them off their farms, sometimes in the middle of harvesting, even after the Mugabe government indicated, some four years ago, that land seizures were over.  We are overjoyed, over the moon. We thought we would never see this day coming,  Smart s son, Darryn, told Reuters.  Getting back to the farm has given not just us, but the whole community hope that it s a new Zimbabwe, a new country.  Rob Smart, whose father said he started the farm from  virgin bush  in 1932, expressed confidence in the new government s pledge to protect the commercial farming sector, a mainstay of the struggling economy.  It s early days but so far what they (the new government) said they are going to do they are doing,  he told Reuters.  We just hope this whole incident will give hope to other farmers, who ve had the same situation.  Mnangagwa, who is under pressure to revive the economy ahead of elections next year, said on Thursday that he was resolute about the changes he was introducing.   There is no business as usual. Things have changed, it s a new era,  he said at a meeting with business leaders in South Africa.   I m from the military. If it s  left turn  then it s  left turn . If it s  right turn  it s  right turn . No confusion.  Mnangagwa s new agriculture minister, Perrance Shiri, last week ordered illegal occupiers of farms to vacate the land immediately, a move that could ultimately see some white farmers who say they were unfairly evicted return to farming. Shiri, a military hardliner who was head of the air force before being picked for the crucial ministry this month, called for  unquestionable sanity on the farms . For 83-year-old Anna Matemani, whose late husband worked on the farm, Smart s return was long overdue.   I m so happy he is finally back. He always helped us and the farm provides jobs for many of our young people,  said the grandmother of 15, who grew up and raised her children on the farm and witnessed Rob s birth, wiping away tears.  Some of the Smarts  joy subsided as they walked into their ransacked farmhouses.  The occupiers had looted property, including clothes, the children s toys, three guns, bottles of 100-year-old wine and Smart s late father Roy s medals from when he served with the Police Reserve Air Wing in the former Rhodesia.  I m sad about my grandfather s medals,  Darryn Smart said, surveying a ransacked room.  You can buy tables and chairs, you can t buy that family history. But thank goodness we re here.  ",1
11462,Moscow: U.S. arms may spur use of force by Kiev in eastern Ukraine,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The U.S. decision to supply weapons to Ukraine is dangerous as it will encourage Kiev to use force in eastern Ukraine, Russian officials said on Saturday. The U.S. State Department said on Friday the United States would provide Ukraine with  enhanced defensive capabilities   as Kiev battles Russian-backed separatists in the eastern part of the country. U.S. officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the weapons included Javelin anti-tank missiles. Washington has argued in the past that such weapons would help stabilize the situation and cannot effectively be used to take territory.  Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said on Facebook on Saturday the weapons would be used to protect Ukrainian soldiers and civilians. Supplies of any weapons now encourage those who support the conflict in Ukraine to use the  force scenario,  Russia s RIA state news agency cited Deputy Foreign Minister Grigory Karasin as saying on Saturday. Franz Klintsevich, a member of the upper house of the Russian parliament s security committee, said Kiev would consider arms supplies as support of its actions, Interfax news agency reported.  Americans, in fact, directly push Ukrainian forces to war,  Klintsevich said. Since Moscow s annexation of Crimea in 2014, Ukraine and Russia have been at loggerheads over a war in eastern Ukraine between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government forces that has killed more than 10,000 people in three years. Poroshenko said in his Facebook post that he had confirmed the weapons deal with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, calling it  a transatlantic vaccination against the Russian virus of aggression.   American weapons in the hands of Ukrainian soldiers are not for offensive, but for stronger rebuff of the aggressor, protection of Ukrainian soldiers and civilians, as well as for effective self-defense in accordance with Article 51 of the UN Charter,  Poroshenko said.  Kiev accuses Moscow of sending troops and heavy weapons to the region, which Russia denies. The Russian foreign ministry said the U.S. decision once again undermines the Minsk agreements, TASS state news agency reported on Saturday. The agreements, intended to end the fighting in Ukraine, were signed by Ukraine, Russia, Germany and France in the Belarussian capital in early 2015. ",1
11463,"Aardvark dies in blaze at London Zoo, meerkats missing","LONDON (Reuters) - An aardvark was killed and four meerkats are missing believed dead after a blaze tore through part of London Zoo early on Saturday, destroying a cafe and gift shop. The fire broke out shortly after 0600 GMT at the zoo s Animal Adventure section before spreading to the shop and cafe, near to an area where visitors can handle and feed animals, the zoo and London Fire Brigade said. More than 70 firefighters took three hours to bring the fire under control while desperate keepers who live on the site in Regent s Park in central London moved animals to safety. Some of the staff needed treatment for smoke inhalation and shock. Ten-year-old Misha the aardvark, one of the zoo s best-loved animals, perished in the fire and four of the meerkats were unaccounted for and are also presumed to have died. Taking their name from the Afrikaans word for  earth-pig , aardvarks are large burrowing mammals found across much of Africa.  We re absolutely devastated that Misha the aardvark has been killed and we re still trying to find out what happened to the meerkats, but at the moment the site where this fire took place is closed down,  Dominic Jermey, the zoo s Director General, told BBC TV.   At the moment we re not certain what has happened to the meerkats but I m not optimistic at this stage, unfortunately.  Other animals nearby are being monitored by vets, but the zoo said indications were that they were unaffected. It said it hoped to reopen on Sunday. It is the world s oldest scientific zoo, dating from 1826, and houses 20,166 animals, according to its inventory for 2017.  The fire brigade said it had sent 10 fire engines and 72 firefighters to the scene and added that the cause of the blaze was under investigation.  The fire mainly involved the cafe and shop but part of a nearby animal petting area was also affected,  said Station Manager David George.   When they arrived our crews were faced with a very well developed fire. They worked incredibly hard in arduous conditions to bring it under control as quickly as possible and to stop it from spreading to neighboring animal enclosures.  ",1
11464,Peru opposition leader skeptical president's victory will last,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski s political troubles will likely continue despite his surprise victory over a bid in Congress to oust him this week, a key opposition leader said on Saturday, citing ongoing graft probes and opposing demands from allies. Jose Chlimper, secretary general of the right-wing Popular Force, said his party could eventually emerge stronger from this week s political crisis, despite failing to garner enough votes in the 130-member Congress to remove Kuczynski from office.  For us having 71 lawmakers was an asset but also a liability. Because whatever Congress did was our fault,  Chlimper told Reuters in a rare interview. The party, which grew out of the populist movement of imprisoned ex-president Alberto Fujimori, sought to remove Kuczynski from office this week over business links he once denied having to a company at the center of a massive graft scandal. Ten Popular Force lawmakers broke ranks to keep a   presidential vacancy  motion from succeeding. Chlimper called the defections a painful  betrayal  but said the rest of Popular Force lawmakers have reaffirmed their commitment to staying in the party and voting as a bloc. Kuczynski, on the other hand, could see the cross-party alliance that defended him this week evaporate going forward, said Chlimper.  I don t see how he can come out stronger,  he said. Chlimper said Kuczynski lured the rebel Popular Force lawmakers with a promise to free their movement s political leader, Fujimori, from prison - an accusation denied by Kuczynski s government. The dissident faction was led by Fujimori s youngest son, Kenji, who has challenged his sister Keiko s leadership of their father s following and who could receive a boost if the once-popular patriarch is released from prison. Kuczynski would lose the support of Fujimori s left-leaning foes if he makes good on the deal to secure the elder Fujimori s release, said Chlimper.  In coming days, the left may have achieved what Fujimori s supporters have been unable to: a pardon for Fujimori,  Chlimper said. At the same time, ongoing probes in Congress and in the attorney general s and comptroller s offices threaten to implicate Kuczynski in new allegations of wrongdoing, he added.  His allies are going to have to explain themselves for the documents that will keep coming out,  said Chlimper.  This isn t a picture. It s a video. And we re going to keep seeing the scenery change in coming weeks and months,  Chlimper said. ",1
11465,Italy's ruling PD slides further in polls as election nears,"ROME (Reuters) - Italy s ruling Democratic Party (PD), hit by internal divisions and a banking scandal, is continuing to slide in opinion polls, with a new survey on Saturday putting it more than six points behind the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement. The survey by the Ixe agency, commissioned by Huffington Post Italia, comes just days before parliament is expected to be dissolved to make way for elections in March. It gives the center-left PD just 22.8 percent of voter support, down almost five points in the last two months, compared with 29.0 percent for 5-Star, which has gained almost two points in the same period. Silvio Berlusconi s center-right Forza Italia (Go Italy!) is given 16.2 percent, with its right-wing allies the Northern League and Brothers of Italy on 12.1 percent and 5.0 percent respectively. This bloc is expected to win most seats at the election but not enough for an absolute majority, resulting in a hung parliament. With the PD s support eroding in virtually all opinion polls, several political commentators have speculated that its leader Matteo Renzi may choose or be forced to announce he will not be the party s candidate for prime minister at the election. Renzi has given no indication so far he will take this step. The PD has split under his leadership, with critics complaining he has dragged the traditionally center-left party to the right.  Breakaway groups united this month to form a new left-wing party called Free and Equal (LeU), which now has 7.3 percent of support, according to Ixe. The PD s popularity seems to have also been hurt by a parliamentary commission looking into the collapse of 10 Italian banks in the past two years.  The commission s findings have put the PD on the defensive, allowing the opposition to claim a conflict of interest involving one of Renzi s closest allies who was active in trying to save a bank where her father was a board member.     ",1
11466,Macedonia's largest opposition party appoints new leader,"SKOPJE (Reuters) - Macedonia s main opposition party, the rightist VMRO-DPMNE formally replaced its leader Nikola Gruevski on Saturday and appointed Hristijan Mickoski, a technocrat, as his successor. Gruevski, 47, resigned earlier this month following an election defeat last year and unrest that rocked the small Balkan country in April.     In his speech to the party s convention on Saturday, Gruevski said that a key reason for VMRO-DPMNE s fall from power was his refusal to yield to what he described as international and domestic pressure to accept a compromise in a dispute with Greece.    Macedonia, which won independence in 1991 from then-federal Yugoslavia, has made little progress towards EU and NATO membership due to a long-running dispute with Greece which claims Macedonia s name represents a territorial claim to its province with the same name.    We wanted a fair compromise and a name solution, but not under dictate,  Gruevski said. Gruevski s successor Mickoski, 41, a relative novice in politics, became VMRO-DPMNE Secretary General earlier this year. He served in Gruevski s government as the general manager of ELEM, Macedonia s state-owned power plants managing company. (This story corrects spelling to Mickoski in paras 1 and 6.) ",1
11467,Macron: France ready to strengthen force in Sahel fighting Islamists,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron said on Saturday France stood ready if needed to strengthen its military force fighting alongside African troops against Islamist insurgents in the Sahel.   France has been seeking to eventually withdraw from the poorly policed scrublands of the Sahel region - which abuts the Sahara to the north and has become a recruiting and training ground for Islamist militants - with the help of a new regional African force.  The G5 Sahel, which began official operations in November, is made up of troops from Mali, Niger, Chad, Burkina Faso and Mauritania that will patrol the region in collaboration with 4,000 French troops deployed there since intervening in 2013 to quell an insurgency in northern Mali. But Macron said on a visit to the Niger capital Niamey that the Sahel would remain a focus for the French army, should it be required in the future.   France is ready, not only to maintain, but if necessary to strengthen its engagement in the region because the fight against terrorism in the Sahel is essential, in my opinion,  he said during a joint news conference with his Nigerien counterpart Mahamoudou Issoufou.  The fight is not won today ... it is essential not only to maintain but to further improve our agility on the ground, to innovate more and to focus our priorities on the regions identified as the most vulnerable,  he added. Speaking during his visit to Niger, Macron also announced an additional 10 million euros to help educate girls, one of the priorities promoted by President Issoufou to curb migration. This sum is on top of 15 million euros already invested by France to help education in Niger. Paris pledged in mid-December to spend 400 million euros over 2017-2021 to support Niamey. ",1
11468,Congo Republic signs peace accord with 'Ninja' rebels,"BRAZZAVILLE (Reuters) - The government of Congo Republic on Saturday agreed a ceasefire with rebels in the southeast region of Pool, halting a 15-year conflict that rights groups say has cost dozens of lives and forced tens of thousands to flee. Political violence spiked in the Central African oil producer after a contested presidential election in April 2016 was won by President Denis Sassou Nguesso, who has ruled for 33 of the last 38 years. A militia led by Frederic Bintsamou, better known as Pastor Ntumi, which fought Sassou Nguesso during and after a 1997 civil war, has been blamed by the government for deadly raids on police, military and government bases, and has also halted trade through the Pool region with blockades. In return, the government has bombed the Pool region, including one helicopter raid last year on a residential area that Amnesty International said killed at least 30 people. The unrest has forced tens of thousands to flee their homes and sparked allegations from human rights groups of abuse by government troops. Ntumi s so-called Ninja rebels have clashed with the Congo government since 2002 and have long sought an end to government military intervention in the Pool region. The peace agreement between the two sides was signed by Interior Ministry security advisor Fran ois Nd  and Pastor Ntumi s representative, Jean Gustave Ntondo.   Today is a great day for the Congolese. This is the day we have just signed the cessation of hostilities agreement,  said Ntondo.  Under the deal, the militias have agreed to hand over arms and allow the free movement of trade between the capital Brazzaville and the commercial hub of Pointe Noire. During hostilities, trains and cars were often halted by militias.  The government will oversee a commission that will monitor the peace, and loosen security in the region to allow people to travel to and from their family homes.  ",1
11469,U.N. Security Council imposes new sanctions on North Korea over missile test,"UNITED NATIONS/SEOUL (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council unanimously imposed new sanctions on North Korea on Friday for its recent intercontinental ballistic missile test, seeking to limit its access to refined petroleum products and crude oil and its earnings from workers abroad. The U.N. resolution seeks to ban nearly 90 percent of refined petroleum exports to North Korea by capping them at 500,000 barrels a year and, in a last-minute change, demands the repatriation of North Koreans working abroad within 24 months, instead of 12 months as first proposed. The U.S.-drafted resolution also caps crude oil supplies to North Korea at 4 million barrels a year and commits the Council to further reductions if it were to conduct another nuclear test or launch another ICBM. North Korea on Nov. 29 said it successfully tested a new ICBM that put the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. Tension has been rising over North Korea s nuclear and missile programs, which it pursues in defiance of years of U.N. Security Council resolutions, with bellicose rhetoric coming from both Pyongyang and the White House. In November, North Korea demanded a halt to what it called  brutal sanctions , saying a round imposed after its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3 constituted genocide. U.S. diplomats have made clear they are seeking a diplomatic solution but proposed the new, tougher sanctions resolution to ratchet up pressure on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.  It sends the unambiguous message to Pyongyang that further defiance will invite further punishments and isolation,  Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said after the 15-0 vote. The North Korean mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Wu Haitao, China s deputy U.N. ambassador, said tensions on the Korean peninsula risk  spiraling out of control  and he  repeated Beijing s call for talks. China s foreign ministry said it hoped all parties would implement the resolution and urged all sides to exercise restraint. It also reiterated a call for what it calls a  dual suspension  proposal for the United States and South Korea to stop major military exercises in exchange for North Korea halting its weapons programs. South Korea welcomed the sanctions and called on the North to  immediately cease reckless provocations, and take the path of dialogue for denuclearization . North Korea regularly threatens to destroy South Korea, the United States and Japan, and says its weapons are necessary to counter U.S. aggression. The United States stations 28,500 troops in the South, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War. On Friday, North Korea called U.S. President Donald Trump s recently released national security strategy the latest attempt to  stifle our country and turn the entire Korean peninsula  into an outpost of American hegemony. Speaking before the Security Council vote, analysts said the new sanctions could have a major effect on the North s economy.  The cap on oil would be devastating for North Korea s haulage industry, for North Koreans who use generators at home or for productive activities, and for (state-owned enterprises) that do the same,  said Peter Ward, a columnist for NK News, a website that tracks North Korea. The forced repatriation of its overseas workers would also cut off vital sources of foreign currency, he said. China, which supplies most of North Korea s oil, has backed successive rounds of U.N. sanctions but had resisted past U.S. calls to cut off fuel supplies to its neighbor. John Park, director of the Korea Working Group at the Harvard Kennedy School, said it was important to manage expectations about sanctions, which could take years to have a full impact while the North was making progress in its weapons programs at a pace measured in weeks and months.  If the game plan is to use sanctions as the last non-military policy tool to induce North Korea s return to the denuclearization table, we may quickly find Washington prioritizing military options,  Park said. The move to curb Chinese fuel exports to North Korea may have limited impact after China National Petroleum Corp CNPET.UL suspended diesel and gasoline sales to its northern neighbor in June over concerns it would not get paid. Business has slowed since then, with zero shipments of diesel, gasoline and other fuel from China in October.  Russia quietly boosted economic support for North Korea this year, and last week Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov said Moscow was not ready to sign up to sanctions that would strangle the country economically. In a bid to further choke North Korea s external sources of funding, the resolution also seeks to ban North Korean exports of food products, machinery, electrical equipment, earth and stone, wood and vessels. It also bans exports to North Korea of industrial equipment, machinery, transport vehicles, and industrial metals as well as subjecting 15 North Koreans and the Ministry of the People s Armed Forces to a global asset freeze and travel ban. The resolution seeks to allow countries to seize, inspect and freeze any vessel they believe was carrying banned cargo or involved in prohibited activities. Even if the sanctions have an economic effect, it is not clear whether that would push Pyongyang to negotiate or stop its weapons development, said Kim Sung-han, a former South Korean vice foreign minister.  We have had numerous ... sanctions against North Korea over the past 25 years,  he said.  Almost none have worked effectively to halt the regime s military and nuclear ambitions.    ",1
11470,Russia's ruling party seeks Putin's 'ultimate victory' at 2018 election,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s ruling party United Russia wants the  ultimate victory  of President Vladimir Putin at the presidential election in March, party head and Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Saturday. Putin, 65, said earlier this month he would run for re-election as a self-nominated candidate, in a contest he seems sure to win comfortably, extending his grip on power into a third decade. Speaking at an annual gathering of United Russia, Medvedev said the party was Putin s party, and his key political resource. Medvedev promised it would support Putin in the election, which is scheduled for March 18.   We will give you, Vladimir Vladimirovich, all possible support, now and in the future,  said Medvedev, addressing  Putin by his first and patronymic names. Putin has been in power since 2000 either as president or prime minister.  If he wins what would be a fourth presidential term, he will be eligible to serve another six years until 2024, when he turns 72. Putin thanked Medvedev for the support and announced some goals for the future, such as higher economic growth and better healthcare.  We need to achieve a long-range steady increase in real incomes of citizens, to increase pensions and social support,  he said.  ",1
11471,"Russian communists drop veteran, select surprise candidate to challenge Putin","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Russian Communist Party on Saturday unexpectedly dropped its veteran leader Gennady Zyuganov as its presidential candidate to challenge President Vladimir Putin next year, choosing instead a largely unknown businessman with links to the farm sector. Zyuganov, 73, an evergreen of the post-Soviet political scene, had been widely expected to contest his sixth consecutive presidential election next March. But instead the party picked Pavel Grudinin, 57, a mechanical engineer who has run a farm on the outskirts of Moscow since the mid-1990s, as its candidate to take on Putin in an election which the 65-year-old Kremlin leader is expected to win comfortably.    Zyuganov congratulated Grudinin on his nomination at an annual gathering of the party on Saturday, the Communist Party said on its website. By ditching one of the communist old guard as candidate and choosing someone from a new generation, the party appeared to be attempting to widen its political appeal. Its main support base has been from an age group that is fast disappearing. Speaking at the meeting where Grudinin was nominated, Zyuganov said voter apathy, which many independent analysts say is on the rise, was now  Russia s biggest misfortune .  The communists came second after the ruling party United Russia, which backs Putin, in parliamentary elections in 2016 - but winning only 19.2 percent of the vote. Separately on Saturday, United Russia pledged its full support for Putin in what is expected to be a one-sided presidential contest. ",1
11472,Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa appoints former army boss as party VP,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa appointed retired army boss Constantino Chiwenga and veteran politician Kembo Mohadi as the ruling party s vice presidents, a spokesperson said on Saturday. The appointments paved the way for the two to ascend to similar positions in government, officials said. Mnangagwa, who took over last month from 93-year-old Robert Mugabe after the intervention of the military, is under pressure from opposition parties and the public to implement political reforms.  Under Mugabe s 37-year rule political space was limited, with the latter part of his reign marked by the emergence of a ZANU-PF faction aligned to his wife Grace that threatened to usurp the army s central role in government. Chiwenga, who retired from the army on Monday, is the latest in a string of senior military figures appointed by Mnangagwa to important political posts.  Presidential spokesman George Charamba said Chiwenga and Mohadi s appointments as vice presidents of the country could only be made by the Chief Secretary to the Government and Cabinet, Misheck Sibanda, who is out of the country. ",1
11473,Christians worldwide prepare for holidays with an eye on security,"QUETTA, Pakistan/JAKARTA (Reuters) - Christmas church services and other celebrations are being held this weekend under the gaze of armed guards and security cameras in many countries after Islamic State gunmen attacked a Methodist church in Pakistan as a Sunday service began. Majority-Muslim countries in Asia and the Middle East were particularly nervous after U.S. President Donald Trump s recent announcement he intends to relocate the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, a decision that has outraged many Muslims. In Indonesia, the world s biggest Muslim-majority country, police said they had stepped up security around churches and tourist sites, mindful of near-simultaneous attacks on churches there at Christmas in 2000 that killed about 20 people. Muslim volunteers in Indonesia are also on standby to provide additional security if requested.  If our brother and sisters who celebrate Christmas need ... to maintain their security to worship, we will help,  said Yaqut Chiolil Qoumas, chairman of the youth wing of the Nahdlatul Ulema, one of the country s biggest Muslim organizations. In Cairo, where a bombing at the Egyptian capital s largest Coptic cathedral killed at least 25 people last December, the interior ministry said police would conduct regular searches of streets around churches ahead of the Coptic celebration of Christmas on Jan. 7. Egypt s Christian minority has been targeted in several attacks in recent years, including the bombing of two churches in the north of the country on Palm Sunday in April. At the Heliopolis Basilica, a Catholic cathedral in northeastern Cairo, security forces had set up metal detectors at the main doors and police vehicles were stationed outside ahead of masses on Dec. 25, which marks Christmas Day for Catholic and Protestant Christians. German police brought in experts and an explosives robot to investigate a suspicious package at a Christmas market in the city of Bonn late on Friday.  Germany is on high alert a year after a failed Tunisian asylum seeker killed 12 people when he hijacked a truck and drove it into a Berlin Christmas market. BOMBED-OUT CHURCH In the Pakistani city of Quetta, members of a Bethel Memorial Methodist Church were repairing the damage done by a pair of suicide bombers who attacked during a service last Sunday, killing 10 people and wounding more than 50. Broken pews and damaged musical instruments were still strewn around church grounds on Thursday, with about a dozen police standing guard.  We re making efforts to complete repairs and renovation before Christmas, but it seems difficult in view of the lot of damage,  said Pastor Simon Bashir, who was leading the service when the attackers struck. He was not hurt. The government of Baluchistan province, of which Quetta is  capital, plans to deploy 3,000 security personnel in and around 39 Christian churches this Sunday and Monday. Provincial police chief Moazzam Jah Ansari told Reuters volunteers from churches were also being trained to conduct body searches and identify worshippers entering churches. Pakistan s Christian minority, which makes up about 1 percent of the population of 208 million, has been a frequent target, along with Shi ite and Sufi Muslims, of Sunni Muslim militants. In the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore, where an Easter Day bombing in a park last year killed more than 70 people, police Detective Inspector General Haider Ashraf said every church would be monitored with CCTV cameras as part of security measures. Christian Kaleem Masih lost his aunt in the Easter attack, which was claimed by Islamic State, and his wife was wounded, but he said they would be attending Christmas services.  Christmas is our holy day,  Kaleem said.  We will fulfill our religious duty by celebrating it with smiles on our faces.  In Malaysia, a police official said Trump s decision on Jerusalem increased worry about attacks.  We are concerned not only with safety at churches and places of worship but also any threats by Islamic State or any other security threat following the Jerusalem issue,  said Malaysia s Inspector-General of Police Mohamad Fuzi Harun. Jerusalem, revered by Jews, Christians and Muslims alike, is home to Islam s third holiest site and has been at the heart of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for decades. Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in 1967 and later annexed it in an action not recognized internationally. Protests across the Muslim world in Asia and the Middle East have largely been peaceful. In Jerusalem itself, an Israeli police spokesman said there were no new security measures but police would deploy forces as usual around Christian holy sites including the Church of the Holy Sepulchre and also secure convoys of worshippers from the West Bank city of Bethlehem, traditionally known as the birthplace of Jesus Christ and run by the Palestinian Authority. Many Palestinian Christians oppose Trump s announcement and say they have no fear of attacks.  Trump s decision offended all Palestinians, be they Christians or Muslims. Why would we feel threatened by Muslims?  said George Antone, a Catholic who lives in Gaza, which is run by the Palestinian Hamas group. ",1
11474,Egypt to launch building project in Sinai: Sisi,"CAIRO (Reuters) - President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi said on Saturday Egypt will in the next two to three years embark on a $5.60 billion construction project in the Sinai peninsula whose north has been gripped by an Islamist insurgency.   While coast of the south of the peninsula is peppered with Red Sea tourist resorts, North Sinai province is underdeveloped and lacks basic infrastructure and job opportunities.  Security forces have battled Islamist militants in the mainly desert region, stretching from the Suez Canal eastwards to the Gaza Strip and Israel, since 2013. Militants have killed hundreds of police and soldiers.  Sisi ordered armed forces to end the insurgency within three months after an attack on a mosque in North Sinai last month killed more than 300 people. It was the worst militant attack in Egypt s modern history.  We have entrusted the ministry of housing and the engineering authority with a national project of comprehensive urban planning,  Sisi said at a ceremony to inaugurate a development project in the Suez Canal city of Ismailia.    The president said the project would cost 100 billion Egyptian pounds and that it would be carried out whether he remained in power or not.  He did not provide a start date, sources of funding or specific details of what would be built under the project.  ",1
11475,Turkey plans to change embassy street name in row with UAE: report,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey plans to change the name of the street where the embassy of the United Arab Emirates is located to Fakhreddin Pasha, the historical figure at the center of a diplomatic row caused by a retweet, the state-run Anadolu agency said on Saturday. UAE Foreign Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahayan retweeted last week accusations that Ottoman forces led by Fakhreddin Pasha stole money and manuscripts from Medina in 1916 during World War One when the city was under Ottoman rule. Medina is now part of Saudi Arabia. The mayor of the Turkish capital Ankara ordered preparations to change the name of the street where the UAE mission is located to that of the former commander and one-time governor of Medina, Anadolu said. Without naming him, Erdogan suggested on Thursday that the UAE minister was ignorant. The UAE charge d affaires in Ankara was also summoned to the Foreign Ministry over the issue. UAE officials had no immediate comment on dispute. The UAE, a close U.S. ally, sees Erdogan s Islamist-rooted ruling party as a friend of Islamist forces which the UAE opposes across the Arab world. Ties were further strained by Ankara s support for Qatar after Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt imposed sanctions on the Gulf nation in June over a dispute in which the Arab states accused Doha of supporting terrorism. Doha denies this. ",1
11476,"Italian parliament passes 2018 budget, clearing way for elections","ROME (Reuters) - Italy s upper house Senate on Saturday gave parliament s final approval to the government s 2018 budget, clearing the way for national elections expected to be held in March. The financial law, which had already passed in the Chamber of Deputies, aims to lower next year s fiscal deficit to 1.6 percent of gross domestic product from a targeted 2.1 percent this year. It also introduces a  web tax  from 2019, obliging companies to pay a three percent levy on some Internet transactions. The Senate passed the package in a vote of confidence by 140 votes to 97. Confidence votes allow the government to speed up legislation by curtailing debate on proposed amendments.  If the government loses such a vote it has to resign, but with elections in any case imminent no parties had any real interest in scuppering the budget and bringing down Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni s administration. President Sergio Mattarella is expected to dissolve parliament before the end of the year, after which the government will set the date of the election. Politicians often tout March 4 as the most likely date. The European Commission says the budget may break EU rules because it raises previously agreed deficit targets and does too little to rein in Italy s huge public debt.  At just over 130 percent of national output, Italy s debt is the highest in the euro zone after that of Greece. Brussels will issue a final verdict on the budget in the spring, after the Italian election which opinion polls suggest will produce a hung parliament. The anti-establishment 5-Star Movement leads in the polls, with around 28 percent of the vote, but a center-right coalition of parties is seen winning most seats in parliament. The ruling Democratic Party has been hit by internal divisions and lags 5-Star by around four points in most polls.       ",1
11477,"Merkel, Macron say no alternative to peaceful settlement in eastern Ukraine","PARIS (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron urged the parties involved in an increase of ceasefire violations in eastern Ukraine to implement decisions they have already agreed upon as soon as possible. Ukrainian officials, security monitors and Kiev s foreign backers had warned on Wednesday that Moscow s decision to withdraw from a Ukrainian-Russian ceasefire control group could worsen the fighting in eastern Ukraine. Macron and Merkel said in their statement there was no alternative to an exclusively peaceful settlement and called for a return of the Russian officers to the Joint Centre for Control and Coordination. Russia had accused the Ukrainian side of obstructing their work and limiting access to the front line.  In the light of the volatile security situation, they ask the sides for immediate and verifiable steps to remedy this situation,  Macron and Merkel s statement said.  It is necessary to implement agreements on disengagement and the withdrawal of heavy weapons behind the agreed withdrawal lines, withdrawal of tanks, artillery and mortars to the agreed storage sites .  Other aspects of the Minsk agreements, like the withdrawal of foreign armed formations or the return of control over the Russian-Ukrainian border need to addressed seriously as well.  Fighting in eastern Ukraine has escalated to the worst level in months, officials monitoring the conflict said on Tuesday. ",1
11478,"Macedonia's parliament adopts 2018 budget, opposition boycotts vote","SKOPJE - Macedonia s parliament has adopted a 2018 draft budget, lowering the deficit to 2.7 percent of national output from 2.9 this year and forecasting growth of 3.2 percent. The budget, totaling 221.7 billion denars ($4.28 billion) and adopted late on Friday, allocated spending equivalent to about 400 million euros ($474.28 million) for capital investment, while average annual inflation was expected to be 1.7 percent. Revenues were forecast at 193.5 billion denars. The main opposition VMRO-DPMNE party boycotted the budget vote in protest at the arrest of a former interior minister, several lawmakers and political activists on charges related to violence in parliament in April, which pushed the nation into a political crisis. Macedonia s central bank revised its economic growth forecast for 2017 down to 0.5 percent from 2.5 percent, citing a poor economic performance in the first half of the year because of political instability. Macedonia s two-year crisis over a wiretapping scandal that toppled the government of nationalist Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski, ended in June with the appointment of a pro-Western government of the Social Democrat Prime Minister Zoran Zaev. Finance Minister Dragan Tevdovski told parliament that the government planned to finance the deficit through a combination of domestic and foreign loans.   The borrowing abroad may be done through a Eurobond or favorable foreign loans,  Tevdovski said. The economy of the landlocked Balkan country grew by 2.4 percent in 2016 but national output contracted 1.9 percent in the second quarter of 2017, the first decline since 2012.  Macedonia, which won independence from former Yugoslavia in 1991, has made little progress towards membership of the European Union and the NATO alliance due to a name dispute with Greece. ($1 = 0.8434 euros) ",1
11479,"More than 100 dead in Philippine mudslides, flooding: officials","MANILA (Reuters) - A tropical storm in the southern Philippines triggered mudslides and flash floods that killed more than 100 people, while dozens are missing, police and disaster officials said on Saturday. The casualties, most of them caused late on Friday, were all on the main southern island of Mindanao, they said, adding three provinces were hardest hit. Disaster officials said many residents had ignored warnings to leave coastal areas and riverbanks.  Many people were swept to the sea as flood waters quickly rose due to the high tide,  Manuel Luis Ochotorena, a disaster agency official, said.  They never heeded the warnings. They thought it was a weak storm but it dumped more rains.   Hundreds of kilometers to the east, army and emergency workers were checking reports an entire village was buried by mudslide in Tubod town in Lanao del Norte. Ryan Cabus, a local official, said power and communication lines to the area had been cut, complicating rescue efforts. The weather bureau said the storm had gathered strength over the Sulu Sea and was packing winds of up 80 kph (50 mph) and moving west at 20 kph.  It was heading out over the sea by midday on Saturday and would have moved clear of the Philippines by Monday, it said. Emergency workers, soldiers, police and volunteers were being mobilized to search for survivors, clear debris, and restore power and communications. More than 100 deaths were reported in various places  including 60 in Tubod, El Salvador and Munai towns in Lanao del Norte province. In Zamboanga del Norte province, police said 42 people had been killed in the towns of Sibuco and Salug. Three people were killed in Bukidnon province, while politicians in Lanao del Sur province said 18 people had drowned in flash floods there. Sixty-four people were reported missing in floods and landslides, according to a tally of reports form officials and police. The Philippines is battered by about 20 typhoons every year, bringing death and destruction, usually to the poorest communities.  Last week, 46 people were killed in the central Philippines when a typhoon hit. In 2013, super typhoon Haiyan killed nearly 8,000 people and left 200,000 families homeless.    ",1
11480,Japan's emperor draws record birthday crowd as he prepares to abdicate,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A record crowd paid their respects to Japan s 84-year-old Emperor Akihito at Tokyo s Imperial Palace on Saturday, in his first birthday celebration since the date of his abdication was set. The emperor s birthday is traditionally marked by a national holiday and an address at the Imperial Palace, which opens to the public on the day. Well-wishers waved small Japanese flags and held up smartphones as Emperor Akihito, whose position is ceremonial with no political power, addressed them from a balcony, flanked by his wife and other members of the imperial family. The crowd of 52,300, according to the Imperial Household Agency, was the largest birthday attendance during Akihito s symbolic 29-year reign, known as the  Heisei  era, which means  achieving peace  in Japanese.  On this day as we face the cold, my thoughts go out to those who suffered from typhoons and heavy rains, as well as the victims of the Great East Japan Earthquake who continue to lead difficult lives,  he said, referring to the 2011 earthquake and tsunami that killed and displaced tens of thousands on the country s eastern seaboard. Along with Empress Michiko, Akihito has spent much of his reign addressing the legacy of World War Two, which was fought in the name of his father, Hirohito, and consoling victims of disasters such as the 2011 earthquake.  Earlier this month, a 10-member Imperial Household Council agreed that Akihito would step down on April 30, 2019, before passing the Chrysanthemum Throne to his eldest son, Crown Prince Naruhito. In comments made to media, Akihito said he would use the remaining days of his reign to carry out his duties and prepare to  pass the torch to the next era.  Akihito has had heart surgery and treatment for prostate cancer and said last year that he feared he would struggle to fulfill his royal duties due to his age. Japan passed a law this year allowing him to step down in a one-off provision as existing law did not provide for abdication. The last time a Japanese emperor abdicated was in 1817. Throughout his reign, Akihito has consistently urged the Japanese never to forget the horrors of war. His conciliatory remarks contrast with gestures made by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who has adopted a less apologetic tone over Japan s past military aggression. ",1
11481,Driver charged with attempted murder over Australian vehicle attack,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - The man accused of deliberately plowing into Christmas shoppers on a busy street in the Australian city of Melbourne was charged on Saturday with 18 counts of attempted murder and one count of conduct endangering life. The Thursday incident was the second serious vehicle attack in Australia s second biggest city this year. Police said they had charged the man, former Afghanistan refugee Saeed Noori, after formally interviewing him about the attack that police had earlier described as a  deliberate act . Police have said Noori, 32, is known to have mental health problems and to use drugs and they did not believe the attack was terrorism-related. Police suspect Noori was behind the wheel of a white SUV when he deliberately sped up and drove into dozens of pedestrians crossing the road at one of the busiest intersections in Melbourne s central business district. Noori appeared in the Magistrates Court later on Saturday where he was remanded in custody. He will next appear in court on Wednesday. The court also ordered that Noori be assessed by psychologists. Islamist militants have used vehicles to attack people several times in Europe and the United States over the past couple of years. In January, six people were killed in Melbourne s central business district when a man used his vehicle to mow them down. Police also ruled out terrorism for that attack. Following the January incident, authorities installed 140 concrete bollards in the city center. Victoria State premier Daniel Andrews said 12 people remained in hospital, including three who in critical condition. He said there would be an increased police presence at Melbourne events, including the Boxing Day Test Cricket, carols and other major sports events.   ",1
11482,Russian foreign ministry: Moscow ready to cooperate with U.S. on Afghanistan - RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Moscow stands ready to cooperate with the United States on Afghanistan, Russia s Foreign Ministry official said in an interview with RIA state news agency published on Saturday. Russia maintains contacts with U.S. acting Assistant Secretary of State Alice Wells, said Zamir Kabulov, special representative to the Russian president on Afghanistan and the head of Asian region department at the Foreign Ministry. ",1
11483,Turkey's parliament approves 2018 budget,"ISTANBUL(Reuters) - Turkey s parliament has approved the government s 2018 budget, which includes increased spending on defense and projects a rise in the fiscal deficit to 65.9 billion lira ($17.28 billion). The 2018 budget, approved by parliament late on Friday, introduces changes in tax regulations, such as tax increases for companies and motor vehicles, to help pay for increased security. In 2017, Turkey s budget is expected to show a deficit of 61.7 billion lira, more than twice the 2016 budget deficit of around 30 billion lira. Turkey s 2018 budget also projects tax income of 599.4 billion lira, up some 15 percent from estimates for 2017, and a 5.8 billion lira primary surplus. Over the past two years, Turkey s current account deficit has widened due to increasing government incentives to boost the economy and defense spending. Next year s budget deficit to gross domestic product ratio is expected to be 1.9 percent. The government says the additional defense spending is urgently needed to modernize the military, the second-largest in the NATO alliance, and meet the costs of domestic and foreign security operations. Turkey s economy has rebounded from a downturn that followed an attempted coup last year, helped by a series of government stimulus measures. GDP grew 11.1 percent year-on-year in the third quarter, its fastest expansion in six years, according to official data. ",1
11484,Macron's Europe reforms in focus in German coalition talks: Gabriel,"BERLIN (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron s proposed European reforms will play a big role in talks between German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives to form a government with the center-left Social Democrats (SPD), a top SPD member said. German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, who led the party until stepping aside earlier this year to make way for former European Parliament president Martin Schulz, said he supported Macron s call for a separate budget for the eurozone.  We should be ready to invest more in our future,  Gabriel told Germany s Funke newspaper group and the French newspaper Ouest-France in an interview published Saturday. Germany is the biggest winner of the EU and can afford to contribute more.   Gabriel said Macron s proposals to reform the European Union would be  very important  in the coalition talks, which are due to begin on Jan. 7 after Merkel failed to reach agreement with two smaller parties. He said he was enthusiastic about Macron s core idea of strengthening the EU and making it a global player. The SPD had initially hoped to go into opposition after suffering its worst election losses in the post-war era, but was persuaded to enter into negotiations with conservatives to avoid new elections. Merkel earlier this month gave her strongest endorsement of Macron s proposals, but Germany has been hamstrung in taking more decisive action on any concrete proposals until it has a new government in place. Merkel said she saw promising areas of common ground with Social Democrats on the future of Europe, and urged speedy action to work on EU reforms before the next European elections in 2019. This week she said she wants an initial coalition deal with the SPD by mid-January. Macron hopes to make progress with Germany on ideas to reform the eurozone by March, once Germany has a new coalition government in place, with the goal of agreeing a  roadmap  with all eurozone leaders by June. Gabriel also called for the EU to adopt programs that would encourage communities in poorer member states to accept more migrants by offering financial assistance.     ",1
11485,U.S. backs re-election of Honduran president despite vote controversy,"WASHINGTON/TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The United States on Friday backed the re-election of Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez despite widespread misgivings about the vote count, prompting the opposition candidate to describe his bid for the presidency as a  lost cause.  The Honduran electoral tribunal declared Hernandez winner of the Nov. 26 election last weekend amid strident opposition protests over the vote count in the impoverished Central American country, which is a major hub for drug trafficking. The vote tally had initially clearly favored opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla, a center-leftist, but it swung in favor of the incumbent after a 36-hour delay.  After the United States weighed in, Nasralla was pessimistic about his chances of winning support in Honduras, claiming in an interview with Reuters that the nation s supreme court and electoral tribunal are in Hernandez s camp.  But he maintained that he had a path to victory at the international level, noting the Organization of American States (OAS) had called for new elections to resolve the dispute.  Nationally, we think it s a lost cause,  he told Reuters.  But internationally, we are confident that the OAS, which understands the great fraud in Honduras, will take action so that they repeat the elections.   Earlier in the day, Nasralla appeared all but ready to bow out of the race, saying in an interview with TV network France TV that his political career was over.   The situation is practically decided,  he told the network.  I no longer have anything to do in politics, but the people, which are 80 percent in my favor, will continue the fight.  The United States followed Mexico and other Latin American countries in supporting Hernandez, who has been a reliable U.S. ally.  The U.S. State Department congratulated Hernandez and said Honduras should pursue a  long-term effort to heal the political divide in the country and enact much-needed electoral reforms,  spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement. The Honduras election tribunal s declaration in Hernandez s favor last week sparked violent protests in Honduras, and the OAS s call for new elections has been rejected by the Honduran government. Nasralla had been backed by former President Manuel Zelaya, a leftist who was ousted in a 2009 coup after he proposed a referendum on his re-election, which was barred by the constitution at the time. But Zelaya said Friday that Nasralla was no longer a member of his alliance.  Nasralla said that he had no need for party membership anymore.    I am the president elect of all Hondurans,  he said.  It no longer makes sense to belong to the Alliance.  The streets of the Honduran capital Tegucigalpa and other major cities were largely calm on Friday with a few protests cleared by the armed forces. By mid-week some 27 people had died in clashes, according to local human rights group COFADEH. The State Department called for all sides to refrain from violence, for those who wish to challenge the result to use legal means, and for the government to ensure that security services respect the rights of peaceful protesters. It also called for the electoral tribunal  to transparently and fully review any challenges filed by political parties.  Hernandez has led a military crackdown against gangs in the Central American country, and Honduras  notoriously high murder rate has slid since he took power in 2014. Nasralla, a television host, traveled to Washington this week to urge the United States not to recognize the vote, but a senior State Department official said on Wednesday the government had not seen any evidence that would alter the vote s outcome. Nasralla said the U.S. decision reflected Washington s strategic concerns over a leftist government in Honduras.  They re afraid of losing Honduras,  he told local television. ",1
11486,U.S. says it will provide Ukraine with 'defensive' aid,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States will provide Ukraine with  enhanced defensive capabilities,  the State Department said on Friday, as Kiev battles Russian-backed separatists in the eastern part of the country.  U.S. assistance is entirely defensive in nature, and as we have always said, Ukraine is a sovereign country and has a right to defend itself,  the department said in a statement. It said the decision was part of the U.S. effort to help Ukraine defend its territorial integrity and  deter further aggression,  but did not specify the capabilities being considered. Earlier on Friday, ABC News reported that President Donald Trump was expected to approve the sale of anti-tank missiles to Ukraine, citing State Department sources. Any sale would need congressional approval. Ukraine and Russia are at loggerheads over a war in eastern Ukraine between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian government forces that has killed more than 10,000 people in three years. Kiev accuses Moscow of sending troops and heavy weapons to the region, which Russia denies. Russian President Vladimir Putin said in September that any decision by the United States to supply defensive weapons to Ukraine would fuel the conflict in eastern Ukraine and possibly prompt the separatists to expand their campaign there. On Monday, the Russian Foreign Ministry said it was recalling officers serving at the Joint Centre for Control and Coordination (JCCC) in Ukraine, accusing the Ukrainian side of obstructing their work and limiting access to the front line. Ukrainian officials, security monitors and Kiev s foreign backers warned on Wednesday that Moscow s decision to withdraw from a Ukrainian-Russian ceasefire control group could worsen the fighting in eastern Ukraine. Earlier this week the State Department said it had approved an export license for Ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from U.S. manufacturers. Senator John McCain on Wednesday welcomed the small arms sale. McCain, a Republican, urged Trump  to authorize additional sales of defensive lethal weapons, including anti-tank munitions, and to fully utilize security assistance funds provided by the Congress to enable Ukraine to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity.   ",1
11487,"Police evacuate Bonn Christmas market, probe suspicious package","BERLIN (Reuters) - Police brought in experts and an explosives robot to investigate a suspicious package found at the Christmas market in the west German city of Bonn late on Friday. Bonn police cordoned off and evacuated a large area of the market just before 9 p.m. local time, and experts were still examining the object five hours later, a spokesman said.  We assume it s not dangerous, but we re still investigating,  the spokesman said. He said the object was discovered shortly before the market was to close for the evening, so it was not crowded. Germany is on high alert for potential attacks a year after failed Tunisian asylum seeker Anis Amri killed 12 people when he hijacked a truck and drove it into a crowded Berlin Christmas market. Chancellor Angela Merkel, marking the first anniversary of the attack on Tuesday, said Germany should learn from security shortcomings exposed in the incident. German authorities evacuated part of a Christmas market in Potsdam near Berlin earlier this month after a package containing powerful firecrackers, wires and nails was delivered to a nearby pharmacy. Officials later said that criminals had used the incident to try to extort millions of euros from logistics firm DHL, which had delivered the package.     ",1
11488,Failed vote to oust president shakes up Peru's politics,"LIMA (Reuters) - Peru s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski could end up the surprise winner of an attempt to oust him from power this week, after some opposition lawmakers broke ranks with party leaders to support him, opening a divide that might strengthen his hand. Despite having a Congressional majority, the rightwing opposition party Popular Force was unable to push through a motion to remove Kuczynski from office on Thursday, after 10 of its own lawmakers broke ranks to save the president. The vote cemented a growing divide in the opposition and looked to threaten its control over Congress, potentially aiding Kuczynski as he tries to restore political stability and revive investments in one of Latin America s most robust economies. The surprise defection was the result of a deal struck between Kuczynski and Popular Force rebel lawmaker Kenji Fujimori to get his father and ex-president Alberto Fujimori out of prison, alleged Popular Force secretary general, Jose Chlimper. Over the past year, Kenji has courted Kuczynski s center-right government while challenging his sister Keiko s leadership of the rightwing populist movement that their father formed in the 1990s. In defiance of his sister, Kenji threw his support behind Kuczynski ahead of the vote on whether to remove him from office over unproven graft allegations. Nine other Popular Force lawmakers followed his lead.  This is the birth of a serious and formal split (in the Fujimori movement),  said Guillermo Loli, the head of political research for pollster Ipsos Peru.  Everything points to a pardon,  he added.     Kuczynski s government denied that a pardon for Fujimori was part of its political negotiations. In an address to the nation late on Friday, Kuczynski said he would spend the coming days reflecting on his year and a half in office.  I ll be announcing to you changes to make sure 2018 is not just a year of greater growth, but politically different,  Kuczynski said. Efforts to reach the Popular Force lawmakers who defected were not successful. One, Clayton Galvan, said on local TV channel Canal N that Alberto Fujimori called them from prison to ask them to help Kuczynski stay in power.     Alberto Fujimori, who is serving a 25-year sentence for graft and human rights crimes, is a deeply divisive figure in Peru. While many consider him a corrupt dictator, others credit him with ending an economic crisis and bloody leftist insurgency during his 1990-2000 term. Freeing him would likely anger the well-organized foes of the Fujimori clan - a mix of technocrats, leftists, human rights activists and academics.  The day (Kuczynski) signs a pardon, he loses all of those guys. Permanently,  said Harvard University political scientist Steve Levitsky. Support from the anti-Fujimori crowd was key to Kuczynski s razor-thin victory over Keiko in last year s presidential election, and to keeping the motion to oust him from succeeding.  Kuczynski was saved by two diametrically opposed political groups: Kenji s group and the left, which opposes a pardon. He can t please both of them,  said Levitsky. Kuczynski, a 79-year-old former investment banker, took office amid hopes he would usher in cleaner government and faster economic growth. Instead, a graft scandal roiling Latin America has stalled investments and ensnared him in allegations of wrongdoing. Before the vote on Thursday, Kuczynski fanned fears of a return to Peru s authoritarian past and described the motion as part of a legislative  coup  attempt by Keiko s supporters. Popular Force denies the charge and says the bid to remove him was part of its fight against corruption and within the bounds of the constitution. A hardline Popular Force lawmaker loyal to Keiko, Hector Becerril, said the Kenji faction represented  traitors.    If they have any sense of decency after this vote, the least they could do is present their resignations,  Becerril told journalists on Friday.  Hopefully today.  With 10 votes fewer, Popular Force would command 61 seats in the 130-member, single-chamber Congress, less than an absolute majority, though it would still be the biggest voting bloc. The political crisis has cost Kuczynski his interior minister, Carlos Basombrio, who announced his resignation on Friday. Kuczynski could make a decision about other Cabinet changes in coming days, his government said.             ",1
11489,Australian PM says nine foreigners among those hurt when driver plows into crowd,"MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Nearly half the 19 people injured when a driver with no known extremist links plowed into pedestrians in the southern city of Melbourne were foreign nationals, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Friday. Police allege that the 32-year-old Australian man, a refugee from Afghanistan, had a history of mental illness and drove a car into Christmas shoppers on one of the busiest roads in Australia s second-largest city on Thursday. The incident was a chilling reminder of attacks using vehicles in cities around the world. Four people were killed in a similar incident in Melbourne in January. Turnbull and police said the driver had no known ties to extremist organizations, although they also said he had spoken of the perceived mistreatment of Muslims after his arrest. Police have yet to interview, charge or identify the man. Turnbull said nine of the victims were foreign nationals. He did not specify their nationalities but Australian media reported they included people from China, India, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, South Korea and Venezuela.  This is a shocking incident to occur just on the eve of Christmas but we will not be cowed by it,  Turnbull told reporters in Sydney. Four people were killed and more than 20 injured in January when a man deliberately drove into pedestrians just a few hundred meters away from Thursday s attack. That was also not designated as a terror attack. Police had cordoned off the area immediately after the incident but roads in central Melbourne were open and trams were operating as usual on Friday morning. Reuters witnesses reported a heavy police presence around exits from nearby Flinders Street train station, with trauma support and Red Cross workers in the area. Department store staff said foot traffic was down from the day before.  It s definitely quieter,  said a saleswoman at a beauty counter in the David Jones department store, who declined to give her name.  More people are coming in from the back entrance. I think they re trying to avoid Flinders Street Station,  she said. Workers at Walker s Doughnuts, which overlooks the site of the incident, said business was normal.  We thought it would be less, but we re very busy,  said store worker Bindu Kaki. Police vehicles lined the streets and volunteers for the Victorian Council of Churches in Australia stood in high- visibility shirts with labels reading  personal support . Community group the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community of Victoria issued a statement denouncing the incident and offering to donate blood to victims.  As Australian Muslims it is not just a moral but also a religious duty to condemn in the strongest possible terms (the) horrific and senseless act of violence,  it said. Police said a second man arrested at the scene was released and was expected to be charged with possession of cannabis and a controlled weapon, although those offences were not linked to the car incident. ",1
11490,"Honduran opposition candidate Nasralla says ""I no longer have anything to do in politics"" after U.S. recognition of Hernandez victory","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Honduran opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla said his bid for the presidency was a  lost cause  on Friday after the United States recognized President Juan Orlando Hernandez as winner of the election.   The situation is practically decided,  Nasralla said in an interview with TV network France 24.  I no longer have anything to do in politics, but the people, which are 80 percent in my favor, will continue the fight.  The United States backed Hernandez as winner of the Nov. 26 election despite widespread misgivings about the vote count. ",1
11491,Iraqi Shi'ite paramilitaries deploy to Syrian border,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi Shi ite paramilitary groups have deployed to the frontier to back up border guard forces who came under fire from within Syria over the past three days, one of their commanders said on Friday. There was no immediate word on who opened fire from Syrian  territory, but forces arrayed against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria expect the group will resort to guerrilla warfare after losing its urban bastions earlier this year.  After several Iraqi border guard positions came under several attacks by missiles, and backup from security forces was late, the 13th brigade of the Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF) was deployed and targeted the origins of the launch,  PMF commander for west Anbar, Qassem Mesleh, said in a statement.  Operations command and the infantry brigade are now present on the Iraqi-Syrian border in border guard positions to repel any attack or movement by the enemy,  Mesleh said.   This area is not within the PMF s remit but it is our duty to back up all security forces.  The PMF is an umbrella grouping of mostly Iran-backed and trained Shi ite militias that formally report to Iraq s prime minister but are separate from the military and police. Sunni Muslims and Kurds have called on Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to disarm the PMF, which they say are responsible for widespread abuses against their communities. An Iraqi military spokesman confirmed the deployment. Brigadier General Yahya Rasool told Reuters it was temporary, however, and  very normal  because it was the PMF s duty to back up government forces. The PMF were officially made part of the Iraqi security establishment by law and formally answer to Abadi in his capacity as commander-in-chief of the armed forces. Abadi has said the state should have a monopoly on the legitimate use of arms. Iraqi forces on Dec. 9 recaptured the last swathes of territory still under Islamic State control along the frontier with Syria and secured the western desert.  It marked the end of the war against the militants, three years after they overran about a third of Iraq s territory. Rasool, the military spokesman, denied backup to the border guards had been late.  The primary responsibility for the borders lies with the border guards and the army, however,  said Rasool. He said Iraqi forces coordinate with both the Syrian army, which is backed by Russia, Iran and Iran-backed Shi ite militias, and the U.S.-backed alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias known as the Syrian Democratic Forces opposed to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. He said parts of Syria - including many areas on the border with Iraq - were still under Islamic State control. ",1
11492,"Don't scrap war crimes court, U.S. warns Kosovo","PRISTINA (Reuters) - Any move by Kosovo to scrap a war crimes court linked to its independence struggle would seriously undermine relations with friendly western nations, its main backer the United States said on Friday. Lawmakers from the governing coalition, who hold a majority, are pressing for a vote to abolish the court. The vote was scheduled for later in the day but it failed twice due to opposition from other parties. Parliament speaker Kadri Veseli said parliament would continue to attempt to vote on the issue in the coming days. Isa Mustafa, Kosovo s former prime minister and an opposition leader, said the proposal was  devastating for our state and very damaging for justice .  The Specialist Chamber was established in The Hague in 2015 to bring to justice Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA) guerrillas alleged to have committed atrocities during the 1998-99 war that led to the country s secession from Serbia. It has yet to hear any cases. Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj, President Hashim Thaci and parliamentary speaker Veseli are former KLA commanders. The court s judges and prosecutors are foreign but it has been set up under Kosovan law, giving Pristina jurisdiction over it. Calling for the parliamentary vote to be halted, U.S. ambassador Greg Delawie said it would have  extraordinarily negative implications  for Kosovo.  It is just a disgrace,   he told reporters in Pristina.  This will be considered by the U.S. as stab in the back. Kosovo will be choosing isolation instead of cooperation.  There was no immediate response from Kosovo officials to Delawie s comments. Washington has been Kosovo s leading political and financial backer since it declared independence in 2008. Nataliya Apostolova, the EU representative in Pristina, called the attempt to scrap the court  appalling and extremely damaging .  The court was set up following U.S. and European pressure on the government to confront alleged KLA crimes against ethnic Serbs. According to Kosovo media, the court could indict or call as witnesses some of current government officials. It was set up in the Netherlands to minimize the risk of witness intimidation and judicial corruption. Kosovo s war veterans  association last week launched an initiative to hold a parliamentary debate to abolish the law that established the court. They gathered 15,000 signatures, Kosovo media reported.  NATO air strikes on Serbia forced Belgrade to withdraw its troops from Kosovo in 1999, having killed around 10,000 Albanian civilians. NATO has around 5,000 troops stationed in Kosovo to keep a still fragile peace.     Kosovo, which is 90 percent ethnic Albanian and 5 percent Serbian, is recognized by more than 110 mainly by western countries but not by Serbia s key ally Russia or China. ",1
11493,Ukraine president submits anti-corruption court law to parliament,"KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has submitted a new draft law to parliament for the creation of an anti-corruption court, the parliamentary website showed late on Friday. Slow progress establishing an independent court to deal with corruption cases has been one of the main obstacles to the disbursement of loans under a $17.5 billion aid-for-reforms program from the International Monetary Fund. A committee will now need to review and approve the bill, before it can be voted on by parliament, the next session of which is in January. ",1
11494,U.N. appoints American to lead Children's Fund,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United Nations announced on Friday the appointment of Henrietta Fore, an economic development advocate and former U.S. State Department official, as executive director of its Children s Fund, effective Jan. 1. Fore, 69, who currently is the chief executive officer of  manufacturing and investment company Holsman International, will succeed Anthony Lake, U.N. Secretary-General Ant nio Guterres said in a statement. UNICEF provides humanitarian and development assistance to children and mothers in over 190 developing nations and territories, focused primarily on saving children s lives and  defending their rights.  Fore was administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development from 2006 to 2009, the first woman to lead the agency. She also served as undersecretary for management at the State Department during the George W. Bush administration and as director of the U.S. Mint. ",1
11495,Ukraine's Poroshenko vows to work for quick exchange of prisoners: Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko told German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday that he would work to implement a rapid exchange of prisoners held on both sides of the line of conflict in eastern Ukraine, a spokesman for Merkel said on Friday. Merkel spoke by telephone with Poroshenko on Friday, a day after she spoke to Russian President Vladimir Putin, said Merkel s deputy spokesman Georg Streiter. Merkel and Poroshenko welcomed a decision by the parties to recommit to a ceasefire agreement signed in 2015 ahead of the Christmas holiday, and both agreed it should lead to a longer-term improvement of the security situation in the region. A Russian-backed separatist insurgency erupted in 2014 and  bloodshed has continued despite the ceasefire. More than 10,000 people have been killed, with casualties reported on a near-daily basis. Poroshenko and Merkel underscored the importance of an agreement by the parties to exchange prisoners, calling it  an important step toward implementation of the Minsk agreements,  Streiter said.  President Poroshenko stressed that he would push to ensure that this exchange happened as soon as possible,  he added. The two leaders also discussed the withdrawal of Russian officers from the Joint Center for Control and Coordination that plays an important role in supporting the observer mission of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe. They agreed that the Russian officers should return to the center quickly, and said German and French experts could get involved in a mediating role in coming days. Merkel also welcomed Poroshenko s plan to submit a draft law to set up an independent anti-corruption court, the spokesman said. ",1
11496,Spain's crisis re-ignited as Catalan separatists win vote,"BARCELONA/MADRID (Reuters) - Separatists looked set on Friday to regain power in Catalonia after voters rejected Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s attempt to neuter its independence movement, instead re-igniting the country s biggest political crisis in decades. Spanish markets recoiled at a surprise result that is also a setback for the European Union, which must now brace for more secessionist noise as it grapples with the disruption of Brexit and simmering east European discontent. By risking a parliamentary election in the region, Rajoy appears to have made the same mistake that leaders including Greece s Alexis Tsipras, Britain s David Cameron and Italy s Matteo Renzi have made in recent years: betting that voters would resolve their troublesome domestic conundrums for them. For an interactive graphics package, click tmsnrt.rs/2AGBazV With well over 99 percent of votes from Thursday s election counted, separatist parties had secured a slim majority. Spain s stock market fell around 1 percent and the country s borrowing costs rose as investors bet the ensuing ramp-up in tensions with its richest region will hurt the euro zone s fourth-largest economy. Rajoy ruled out calling national elections over events that have weakened his authority, while both he and exiled separatist leader Carles Puigdemont said they were open for dialogue.  But they offered no details and such calls in the past have failed to yield any solution.  After several strained months that saw secessionists organize an illegal referendum on Oct. 1, and police confiscate urns to try to prevent it from taking place, the election result has done nothing to resolve the standoff either. The secessionists kept a majority, but it was reduced and they may have difficulty forming a government; and support for unionist party Ciudadanos has surged, but not enough to catapult them into power.  The divisions are huge. It will take time to mend them and that should be the priority for all political actors, reconciliation within the remit of the law,  Rajoy told a news conference at the government s Moncloa headquarters. With Catalonia accounting for a fifth of its economy, Spain had already trimmed growth forecasts for 2018, and the prospect of prolonged uncertainty worries business leaders.   More companies leaving, less economic activity there - and worse for everyone,  said the chief executive of a major listed Spanish company, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the tense climate of the independence debate. More than 3,100 firms have shifted their headquarters out of the region since October s referendum.  Overnight hotel stays rose 2.1 percent in Spain in November but fell 7.3 percent in Catalonia, the National Statistics Institute said.     Rajoy, who called the election after sacking the previous secessionist government, had hoped to mobilise hitherto quiescent supporters of union with Spain and deal separatism a decisive blow. Instead, his own party performed miserably, and the result raises the question of a return to power for Puigdemont, who campaigned from self-imposed exile in Brussels after Rajoy deposed him as Catalan president.  Catalonia is back to square one,  said Marco Protopapa, an analyst at JP Morgan, forecasting that tensions would quickly return between Madrid and an  emboldened pro-independence camp eager to exploit the tactical advantage of a favorable election outcome . While Rajoy dodged questions about whether he would negotiate directly with Puigdemont, the Catalan politician said now was the time for dialogue between the two.  We ve at least won the right to be heard,  Puigdemont said, adding that he was open to returning to Spain if given guarantees that he could take his position as head of a potential new Catalan government. Currently he faces the prospect of arrest for his role in organizing the banned referendum. When the Catalan parliament declared independence after the referendum, Rajoy invoked constitutional powers to impose direct rule from Madrid. He promised to restore Catalonia s autonomy regardless of the election result, but could re-impose it if a new government again pursued secession.     The EU s major powers, Germany and France, have backed his anti-independence stance despite some criticism of his methods at times. Meanwhile, Puigdemont s attempts to gain international support in Brussels have failed so far. He has called the EU a  club of decadent countries  for declining to mediate a solution. A German government spokeswoman on Friday urged reconciliation in Catalonia, adding that the Spanish constitution would have to be respected.  Secessionists say Catalonia pays an unfair share of taxes to Madrid, but investors fear independence would knock the indebted region out of the EU and the euro zone by default.  There is a huge effect on investment from abroad. As there s a lack of stability here, people who were investing here are going to other cities and other regions,  said Rafael Prisco, commercial director in a real estate agent in central Barcelona that deals mostly with foreign clients. Europe now ends the year having struggled to build on the integrationist Emmanuel Macron s victory in the French presidential election in May. Germany faces months of political limbo, Brussels is mired in a nasty dispute with Poland s right-wing government and a far-right party has just entered the government in Austria. In Thursday s vote, Catalonia s separatist parties won 70 of the 135 seats, compared with 72 last time, with Puigdemont s Junts Per Catalunya (Together for Catalonia) retaining its position as the largest separatist force. Ciudadanos (Citizens) won the most votes, but other unionist forces   Rajoy s People s Party and the Socialist Party   performed dismally.  It s a bitter victory,  said Paloma Morales, a 27-year-old student at a Ciudadanos rally.  It means four more years of misery.  ",1
11497,Shots fired at DMZ as North Korean soldier defects to South,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean guards fired warning shots across the heavily militarized border with North Korea on Thursday as a soldier from the North defected in thick fog, complicating efforts to ease tensions over Pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs. A South Korean defense ministry official said up to 20 warning shots were fired as North Korean troops approached too near the  military demarcation line  at the demilitarized zone (DMZ), apparently in search of the missing soldier. Thursday s defection came about five weeks after a North Korean soldier suffered critical gunshot wounds during a defection dash across the border. Two North Korean civilians were also found in a fishing boat on Wednesday and had sought to defect, officials in the South said. That brings the total number of North Koreans who have defected by taking dangerous routes either directly across the border or by sea to 15 so far this year, including two other soldiers. That is three times the number last year, according to South Korean officials. Tensions on the Korean peninsula were already high after reclusive, impoverished North Korea accelerated testing of its missile and nuclear programs this year in defiance of international pressure and UN sanctions.  The defections also threaten to complicate South Korea s efforts to ensure the smooth running of the 2018 Winter Olympics, which begin in Pyeongchang in February. South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Tuesday he had proposed postponing major military drills with the United States until after the games in an attempt to soothe relations, although officials in Seoul later said any proposed delay would depend on the North not engaging in any  provocations . In a notice published online, the U.S. military s 8th Army said a  significant number of North Korean propaganda leaflets and CDs  had been distributed at  strategic locations  on multiple U.S. military bases in South Korea.  The notice called on troops to report any suspicious individuals to help combat potential  insider threats  that could disrupt military operations. The United States stations 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean War, and North Korea says regular U.S.-South Korean military drills are a prelude to invasion. It regularly threatens to destroy the United States and its two key Asian allies, South Korea and Japan. Seoul says more than 880 North Koreans have defected to the rich, democratic South so far this year, but the vast majority have taken a less dangerous route through China. Going through China, North Korea s neighbor and sole major ally, means they avoid the DMZ, which features landmines, barbed wire, surveillance cameras, electric fencing and thousands of armed troops on both sides. The number of defectors arriving successfully in the South has dropped since North Korean leader Kim Jong Un took power in late 2011, a trend defectors and experts say may be linked to a crackdown by Pyongyang. There was no immediate comment from the secretive North about the latest incidents. However, the North s state media released a statement sharply denying U.S. allegations this week that Pyongyang was behind a number of recent cyber attacks. Washington has publicly blamed North Korean hackers for a cyber attack in May that crippled hospitals, banks and other companies. Researchers also say the North was likely behind attacks on virtual currency exchanges. The military drills with the United States have also complicated relations with China. The proposed delay in drills was discussed during a summit between Moon and Chinese President Xi Jinping last week after the proposal was submitted to Washington, an official at the presidential Blue House said this week. China and Russia have proposed a  freeze for freeze  arrangement under which North Korea would stop its nuclear and missile tests in exchange for a halt to the exercises, but there has been little interest from Washington or Pyongyang. In Thursday s defection, a low-ranking soldier crossed the border near a South Korean guard post, South Korea s Joint Chiefs of Staff spokesman, Roh Jae-cheon, said. No shots were fired at the soldier. Surveillance equipment detected him despite heavy fog that limited visibility to about 100 meters (110 yards), Roh said. South Korean guards fired about 20 warning shots at North Korean troops near the border presumably searching for the defector about half an hour later, a defense ministry official in the South told Reuters. Gunfire from the North was detected later but the target could not be determined, the official said.  South Korea s Unification Ministry also said maritime police had found two North Korean men drifting in a small boat off the coast on Wednesday. The pair  expressed their willingness to defect , a ministry official said, and their claim for asylum was being investigated. The North Korean soldier who was shot several times during a daring dash across the border on Nov. 13 has since been identified as 24-year-old Oh Chong Song and is now in a military hospital south of Seoul. His treatment for gunshot wounds and pre-existing conditions has included two major operations and intelligence officials will begin questioning him soon. ",1
11498,Uzbek leader says he will curb power of state security service,"TASHKENT (Reuters) - Uzbek president Shavkat Mirziyoyev said on Friday he would reform the Central Asian nation s state security service, adding that its power had become excessive under his predecessor Islam Karimov. The National Security Service (NSS), the local successor to the Soviet KGB, wielded sweeping powers under Karimov who died in September 2016 after a quarter century-long rule criticized for systematic abuses of human rights. Rustam Inoyatov, NSS chairman since 1995, is the only Karimov-era senior security official still in his post, one year into Mirziyoyev s presidency. Speaking to parliament on Friday, Mirziyoyev accused security bodies of rights abuses and called for deep reforms.  To strengthen national statehood, sovereignty, peace and stability of the people ... it is time to reform the work of the National Security Service,  he said, asking MPs to draft new legislation on law enforcement agencies.  At the moment, the National Security Service bases its work on a statute passed by the government 26 years ago. The fact that this statute has remained untouched for a quarter of a century and that every problem was regarded as a threat to national security has led to a groundless expansion of this agency s powers.  ",1
11499,Uzbek president says economic data was 'fiction' for years,"TASHKENT (Reuters) - President Shavkat Mirziyoyev said on Friday Uzbekistan had reported inflated economic growth and employment figures for years, describing the amplified numbers as  fiction , and promised more reforms in the Central Asian nation. The former Soviet republic has reported gross domestic product growth of about eight to 10 percent for a decade, although foreign economists have often questioned the quality and veracity of its data. Speaking to parliament, Mirziyoyev, elected president a year ago after the death of veteran leader Islam Karimov, said those figures were not real.  Eight percent (GDP growth) was fiction,  he said, adding that this year s growth was seen at 5.5 percent.  To be frank, I ordered the 5.5 percent figure to be checked almost 10 times.  Employment figures were also greatly inflated, he said.  In 2017 we have created 336,000 new jobs and this is a real figure,  he said.  Before, we used to report creating nearly a million jobs annually. No country in the world can do it!  Mirziyoyev, who had served as prime minister since 2003, blamed the misleading reports on former government economists without naming them. Mirziyoyev has reshuffled the government during his first year in power and implemented some reforms such as the liberalization of the previously draconic foreign exchange regulations which had scared off foreign investors. On Friday, he vowed to continue reforms and said Uzbekistan would resume talks on joining the World Trade Organisation next year. Mirziyoyev also said the resource-rich nation of 32 million badly needed to upgrade its ageing infrastructure.  In 2017 we have produced 56.5 billion cubic meters of natural gas,  he said.  But because the sector had not been modernized for many years we have great losses, up to 20-23 percent, during production and shipping.  Mirziyoyev said Uzbekistan would boost gas output to 66 bcm next year. ",1
11500,"Mexico prison population drops as police, prosecutors bungle cases","MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s prison population has fallen by a fifth from the peak in 2014 as fewer people are locked up under a new criminal justice system, with experts saying that cases are falling apart under a higher bar for police conduct and standards of evidence. The number of people imprisoned has dropped 19.8 percent from a record of 258,563 in September 2014, according to the statistics from the National Security Commission (CNS), meaning for the first time in more than 20 years there are technically more beds than inmates. The drop in the prison population has coincided with a spike in murders to record levels. Politicians have linked rising crime to the U.S.-backed 2008 reform, introduced to modernize Mexico s opaque and slow justice system. It was adopted by many states by 2014 and was fully in force from mid-2016. Data shows fewer people have been entering prison. Even justice experts who support the reform say police and prosecutors are struggling to make watertight cases due to a lack of training in the new system across the country.      They had eight years to make the transformation and they didn t do it,  said Maria Novoa, a criminal justice expert at think tank Mexico Evalua.  We don t have either the institutions or trained people.  Novoa said police are not detaining people because they fear they could make mistakes and be held liable. She also said prosecutors are overusing a rule that allows suspects to face the criminal process at liberty rather than trying to ask a judge to detain them. In 2016, 37 percent fewer people entered state prisons than in the prior year, according to the latest data from national statistics institute INEGI. And contrary to political rhetoric, fewer were also let out, the data shows. Neither Mexico s attorney general s office nor the Federal Police returned a request for comment. The 2008 reform moved Mexico to an adversarial justice system with oral trials from an inquisitive one mostly done on paper, with a deadline of June 2016. It radically changed the role of the police and prosecutors, by giving police greater responsibility and raising the evidentiary standard that prosecutors must reach to get a conviction. It also limits pre-trial detention, bringing an end to a practice where people were locked up for years without trial.   In 2017, for the first time in more than 20 years, the country has enough space for all prisoners. But their uneven distribution across the country and a number of federal inmates in state facilities mean prisons in at least 13 states still have overcrowded facilities. Think tank CIDAC estimated last year that the reform would take 11 years to take hold properly, due to lack of police training in high quality investigations.  We always knew that for the new system to work people would have to be trained, but there was a lot of resistance and lack of interest from state governments,  said Vicente Sanchez, a professor at the College of the Northern Border.  Now governors and prosecutors blame the new system and want to undo it.  ",1
11501,U.N. evacuates refugees to Italy from Libya for first time,"PRATICA DI MARE, Italy (Reuters) - The United Nations began bringing African refugees to Italy from Libya on Friday, evacuating them from detention centers whose conditions have been condemned by humanitarian groups as inhumane.  Hundreds of thousands of migrants have fled conflict or poverty at home and are now trapped in Libya, where they had hoped to pay people smugglers for passage to Europe via Italy. It is the first time the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in Libya has evacuated refugees directly to Europe. An Italian C-130 military plane landed at an airport south the capital carrying 110 women and children, and a second flight is expected to bring more than 50 people later in the day. The African migrants, including many small children, were covered in blankets or bundled in coats as they disembarked from the plane on a chilly evening.  We really hope other countries will follow the same path,  Vincent Cochetel, UNHCR s Special Envoy for the Central Mediterranean, said in a statement after the first plane arrived.    Some of those evacuated suffered tremendously and were held captive in inhumane conditions while in Libya. Five of these women gave birth while in detention, with only the very limited medical assistance,  Cochetel said. The UNHCR estimates about 18,000 people are being held in detention centers for immigrants that are controlled by the Tripoli government and it aims to evacuate as many as 10,000 next year. [nL8N1OJ3EG] Italy s Catholic Church will house many of the new arrivals in shelters across the country, Church charity Caritas said, as the migrants from Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia and Yemen go through the country s asylum request process.  Migrant arrivals to Italy have fallen by two-thirds since July from the same period last year after officials working for the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli persuaded human smugglers in the city of Sabratha to stop boats leaving. Italy is also bolstering the Libyan coast guard s ability to turn back boats.[nL8N1OE34J] Italy s move to open a safe corridor for some of the migrants follows criticism by rights groups who have condemned the country s efforts to block migrants in Libya in exchange for aid, training and equipment to fight smuggling.[nL8N1NK77C]   This should be a point of pride for Italians,  Interior Minister Marco Minniti told reporters on the tarmac.  This is the just beginning. We will continue to try to open this humanitarian corridor.  Migrant smuggling has flourished since the overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011, with more than 600,000 making the perilous journey across the central Mediterranean in four years.  Tens of thousands of migrants are estimated to be detained by smugglers, and the African Union says that as many as 700,000 migrants are in Libya. The UNHCR has registered more than 44,000 as refugees and asylum seekers. The UNHCR classifies Friday s arrivals as  vulnerable  refugees, which means they are children, victims of abuse, women, the elderly or have disabilities. ",1
11502,Court ruling allows Syrian youth to bring family to Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A Berlin court ruling that permits the parents and siblings of a 16-year-old Syrian migrant to join him in Germany will now take effect after the foreign ministry abruptly dropped an appeal of the decision, German broadcaster ARD reported on Friday. ARD said Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, a member of the center-left Social Democrats (SPD), decided to drop an appeal filed just days ago, allow the ruling to take effect, following intense criticism by top SPD leaders.  The ruling was the first to deal with the right of under-age migrants to bring their families to Germany and could set a new precedent, ARD reported.  The foreign ministry had no immediate comment on the issue, but Gabriel told the broadcaster:  We know that it is bad, of course, when minors are here without their parents. It s a good thing that we now have clarity.  The ministry s reversal on the issue comes as Gabriel s party prepares to enter talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives about continuing the  grand coalition  that has ruled Germany for the past four years.  Migration - and the issue of allowing migrants to bring family members to Germany - could be a key topic in the coalition talks, which are due to begin on Jan. 7. Merkel had failed to reach agreement with two smaller parties. The case in question centers on a Syrian youth who arrived in Germany in the summer of 2015 with an older cousin, and was granted only  subsidiary protection  rather than full asylum. In 2016, the government had decided to suspend family re-unifications for two years for migrants with  subsidiary protection , which is granted to people who are not considered as being persecuted individually but in whose home country there is war, torture or other inhumane treatment. The court said that rejecting the family reunification in this case violated child welfare protections guaranteed under the European human rights convention and the U.N. Refugee Convention. ",1
11503,Two Palestinians killed in anti-US protests after U.N. vote on Jerusalem-Gaza ministry,"GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops shot dead at least two Palestinians and wounded about 60 with live fire on Friday, the Health Ministry in Gaza said, as protests intensified against Washington s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital. A U.N. General Assembly resolution passed on Thursday,  rejecting U.S. President Donald Trump s Dec. 6 Jerusalem declaration, did little to calm Palestinian anger over his reversal of decades-old U.S. policy on the contested holy city. Instead, thousands of Palestinian protesters, many of them throwing rocks, confronted Israeli security forces along the Gaza border fence, in all of occupied West Bank s seven cities and in East Jerusalem.  In Bethlehem, the traditional birthplace of Jesus, smoke from burning tires billowed in the street, just two days before Christmas celebrations. Israeli gunfire killed two Palestinians in a confrontation in the southern Gaza Strip, a spokesman for the Palestinian Health Ministry said, putting the number of wounded at 120, half of them shot with live ammunition and the rest struck by rubber bullets or hit by tear gas canisters. In a statement, the Israeli military said some 2,000 Palestinians had faced off against the troops at the Gaza border fence. It said the crowd threw stones and rolled burning tires at soldiers, who responded with  riot dispersal  measures and  fired live rounds selectively towards main instigators . Protesters chanted  Trump is a coward. Trump is a fool . Among the wounded was a man dressed as Santa Claus. Palestinian health officials said at least one Palestinian suffered a live bullet wound in the West Bank and some 30 protesters were hit by rubber bullets. The military, putting the number of demonstrators at about 1,700 and the injured at six, said troops faced firebombs, rocks and burning tires. The protests died down after sunset. Demonstrations have been held daily since Trump s announcement. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, in a Christmas message, called the U.S. leader s move  an insult to millions of people worldwide, and also to the city of Jerusalem . Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital. Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East War and annexed in a move never recognized internationally.  Most countries regard the status of Jerusalem as a matter to be settled in an eventual Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement, although that process is now stalled.  A total of 128 countries voted for the U.N. resolution. Nine opposed it and 35 abstained. Twenty-one countries did not cast a vote. Sami Abu Zuhri, a spokesman for Gaza s dominant Hamas Islamists, called the U.N. vote a defeat for Trump, while Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected the resolution as  preposterous  and branded the U.N. a  house of lies .     But Michael Oren, Israel s deputy minister for diplomacy, seemed to play down the support for the resolution shown by many countries Israel considers friends.  We have an interest in tightening our bilateral relations with a long list of countries in the world, and expect and hope that one day, they will vote with us, or for us in the United Nations,  Oren said on Tel Aviv radio station 102 FM.   But I am not prepared to suspend all cooperation with important countries, such as India,  he said. Netanyahu, who hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in July, is due to visit New Delhi next month. Friday s deaths in Gaza raised to 10 the number of Palestinians killed by Israeli gunfire since Dec. 6, Palestinian health officials said. Gaza militants have also fired rockets into Israel, and two gunmen were killed in an Israeli air strike after one such attack. There have been no Israeli fatalities or significant injuries. Amnesty International on Friday called on Israeli authorities to stop using  excessive force .   The fact that live ammunition has been used during protests in Gaza and the West Bank is particularly shocking,  it said.  In the run-up to the U.N. vote, Trump threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that supported the resolution. His warning appeared to have some impact, with more countries abstaining and rejecting the document than usually associated with Palestinian-related resolutions. But most of the European Union, Israel s biggest trading partner, and countries such as Greece, Cyprus and India, with which Netanyahu has pursued closer relations and economic ties, backed the resolution.  I prefer we have tight bilateral relations over a situation in which we don t have close bilateral relations, and they vote in our favor in the United Nations,  Oren said, describing India s vote as  certainly disappointing . ",1
11504,"Stop meddling in foreign elections, UK's Johnson tells Russian hosts","MOSCOW (Reuters) - British foreign minister Boris Johnson told his Russian counterpart on Friday there was  abundant evidence  of Moscow meddling in foreign elections, but said any Russian efforts to interfere in last year s Brexit referendum had fallen flat.  On the first visit to Russia by a British foreign minister in five years, Johnson said he wanted to normalize UK-Russia relations, which were going through  a very difficult patch . But that didn t mean pretending that Britain did not have serious concerns about Russia s behavior, he said.    ... We can t pretend that they (the problems) do not exist, and that we share a common perspective on the events in Ukraine, or in the Western Balkans or ... on Russian activities in cyberspace,  said Johnson. He also said Britain had a duty to speak up for the LGBT community in Chechnya. Two men from Chechnya told Reuters in June they had been tortured because they were gay. Chechen authorities deny the allegations. Johnson s visit comes at a time when relations between London and Moscow are strained by differences over Ukraine and Syria as well as by allegations, which Russia flatly denies, that Moscow has meddled in the politics of various European countries by backing cyber attacks and disinformation campaigns. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov challenged that narrative, however, saying Johnson himself had recently said he had no proof that Moscow had meddled in last year s British referendum on leaving the European Union.   Not successfully, not successfully, I think is the word,  Johnson   a leading advocate of Brexit   shot back, to which Lavrov replied:  He s scared that if he doesn t disagree with me, his reputation will be ruined at home.  Johnson, who said there was abundant evidence of Russian election meddling in Germany, the United States and other countries, said it was Lavrov s reputation he was worried about.  I think it is very important ... to recognize that Russian attempts to interfere in our elections or in our referendum, whatever they may have been, they ve not been successful,  said Johnson.  Lavrov said he blamed Britain for the poor state of relations, complaining about  insulting and aggressive statements  from London. He also complained about Britain airing its differences with Moscow publicly rather than in private. But although the two men spent much of their joint news conference exchanging barbs, both sounded upbeat when it came to trying to cooperate in narrow areas, such as in the U.N. Security Council, and on security arrangements for next year s soccer World Cup in Russia. Lavrov complained, however, that Britain was still not fully cooperating with Russia s FSB security service.   Johnson had riled Russian officials before his visit by telling Britain s Sunday Times newspaper that Moscow was  closed, nasty, militaristic and anti-democratic . But when asked about the comment on Friday, he rowed back, saying he had been referring to the Soviet Union, not modern Russia. Russian media has portrayed Johnson as anti-Russian. Johnson told reporters on Friday however that he was  a committed Russophile .     ",1
11505,Spain's Rajoy rules out national election after Catalonia upset,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy on Friday ruled out calling a national election after Catalan separatists won a regional vote, thwarting his bid to resolve the country s biggest political crisis in decades.  Rajoy had gambled on unionist parties taking control of Catalonia s regional government, which he sacked in October for illegally pursuing independence from Spain. Rajoy, speaking at a news conference, said he would make an effort to hold talks with the new Catalan government. However, he did not clarify whether he would be willing to meet deposed Catalan President Carles Puigdemont, who is in self-imposed exile in Brussels and whose party retained its position as the largest separatist force. ",1
11506,Young Catalan liberal rises in challenge to Rajoy's grip on Spanish power,"MADRID (Reuters) - Forget the traditional Socialist opposition and perhaps even the Catalan separatists: the main threat to Spain s conservative prime minister may now come from a Barcelona politician dedicated to national unity - Ines Arrimadas. The 36-year-old leader of the liberal Ciudadanos party in Catalonia has jumped to the frontline of Spanish politics by coming out on top in elections to the region s assembly. Supporters even compare her performance with Emmanuel Macron s  meteoric rise to the presidency across the border in France. Laying down the gauntlet to Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy  and the separatists alike, Arrimadas boosted her party s share of the vote to more than 25 percent in Thursday s snap election, up from just 7.6 percent two years ago. That made Ciudadanos ( Citizens ) the biggest group in the  assembly, ahead of parties backing either more Catalan autonomy or outright independence which had won every regional election since the restoration of Spanish democracy in the 1970s. Arrimadas will struggle to form a regional coalition as collectively separatist parties achieved a narrow majority. Still, she celebrated victory with hundreds of supporters in the streets of Barcelona on Thursday night, flanked by her party s national leader, 38-year-old Albert Rivera. On Friday she made an appeal for unity following October s independence referendum which led to the Catalan leader fleeing the country, other separatists leaders landing in jail and Madrid imposing direct rule.  Yesterday was a great night, a historic night and for me the start of reconciliation in Catalonia, even if sometimes things take a little longer than what we would expect,  she told Onda Cero radio. Her performance echoed similarly strong showings from centrists in French presidential and legislative elections earlier this year, raising the hopes of Ciudadanos.  This result is fully transferable to national politics,  said Toni Roldan, a lawmaker for the party in the Spanish parliament who is also from Catalonia.  It takes Ciudadanos to the next level and we will be competing on equal footing with Rajoy in the next Spanish election.  Describing Arrimadas as a  political jewel , Roldan said the choice for all Europeans was now between liberalism and populism. In this struggle, Ciudadanos stood alongside Macron - who beat far right candidate Marine Le Pen to the presidency -   and was now ready to blow apart the traditional left-right divide in Spain, Roldan added. Ciudadanos, which has its roots in Catalonia, will need strong momentum if it is to threaten Rajoy s grip on power as the party came only fourth in last year s national election with 13.9 percent.  An opinion poll taken before the Catalan vote put it still in fourth. However, alone among the major parties, its support was up to 17.5 percent, suggesting voters are being won over by its tough stance on Spanish unity and against corruption, as well as its young professional leaders. A veteran politician who has survived past crises, Rajoy leads a minority government and has yet to get a 2018 budget through parliament. However, he is under no immediate pressure as he can simply roll over the 2017 budget for months. Also, the opposition is so fractured that it probably cannot bring Rajoy down and no serious leadership rival has emerged within his traditional center-right Popular Party (PP). If the secessionists pursue their aims by negotiation, they too are unlikely to pose a great threat to Rajoy, who could also re-impose direct rule in the region if they decided to act unilaterally. Arrimadas was born in the Andalusian town of Jerez, far from   Barcelona where she moved after completing a law degree. Her husband was a lawmaker for separatist leader Carles Puigdemont s party, before resigning in 2016 to avoid complicating her political rise. Both have said their passion for Barcelona football team brought them together. She was first elected as a Ciudadanos lawmaker in 2012 at 31, two years after a colleague at the consultancy where she worked in Barcelona had invited her to a party rally.  The political and social situation was so serious that I felt the need to stop complaining from the sofa and go on to propose ideas and debate from parliament,  she told an interviewer in 2015. Since then, her party has made a successful move into national politics, backing Rajoy s minority government although not joining it.  Ciudadanos is creating the next big headache for Rajoy. They can extract concessions from the PP without any political cost. And if Rajoy fails to pass the budget because of the Catalan issue, he won t be able to blame Ciudadanos for the stalemate and a potential snap election,  said Teneo Intelligence analyst Antonio Barroso. Barroso and other analysts said the moment of truth may come in the second half of 2018, should Rajoy have failed to normalize the situation in Catalonia. Rivals express grudging admiration for the party.  Ciudadanos has managed to bring together all unionism in a technically perfect campaign,  a source close to Puigdemont said on condition of anonymity.  It is an artificial product that represents the feelings of many people.  ",1
11507,Arab states believe U.S. aid secure despite defying Trump Jerusalem move,"AMMAN/CAIRO (Reuters) - Leading Arab allies threatened with cuts in aid by Donald Trump said on Friday they had no choice but to defy the U.S. president over his recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital, and did not believe he would follow through. More than 120 countries, including every Arab nation, voted at the U.N. General Assembly late on Thursday to urge the United States to withdraw its decision, announced earlier this month. Trump threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that voted in favor of the U.N. resolution, drafted by Egypt and supported by all members of the U.N. Security Council except Washington. He repeated his threat on Friday, writing on Twitter:  After having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is time to start rebuilding our country!  In Egypt and Jordan, among the top recipients of U.S. aid but long the most heavily invested in the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, Trump s threats were not taken seriously enough to backtrack on firm opposition to the U.S. move.  The Americans know more than any one else that a stable Jordan is crucial for U.S. interests in the region,  a government minister who asked not to be named said. For its cooperation in defense and other fields, Jordan receives some $1.2 billion annually from Washington.  We do not expect the American administration to touch assistance but if it does this will only add to Jordan s economic woes,  the minister said. Former Jordanian prime minister Taher al-Masri said Jordan s role as an ally in a volatile region where unrest has led to attacks on U.S. soil would likely keep the aid safe.  Trump is not giving us aid as charity. Jordan performs a regional role in stability that we have not gone back on delivering,  he said. In a sign of concern over Trump s unpredictability, some Jordanian officials privately expressed worry, however. Masri said the U.N. resolution would have received many more votes from member states had Trump not made his threat. For Arab and Muslim states, anything less than total rejection of Trump s Jerusalem decision would have been impossible, he said. Nations around the world have criticized the move as damaging chances to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has rejected any further U.S. role in the peace process. As home to major Muslim, Jewish and Christian holy sites, Jerusalem s status has long been fought over in rounds of failed negotiations, and ignited deadly conflict between Israeli and the Palestinians. Jordan s monarchy is custodian of Jerusalem s holy shrines, making Amman sensitive to any changes of status of the disputed city. Egypt, which led regional efforts to reject Trump s decision as having a  negative impact  on security in the region, has been a key broker of past peace deals. Egypt s foreign ministry and presidency could not be reached for comment after several attempts following the General Assembly vote. H.A. Hellyer, an Egypt expert at the Atlantic Council, said Egypt likely felt secure over its $1.3 billion in U.S. military aid despite Trump s threats.  I don t think Egypt will be worried ... certainly Trump s inner circle will not be too impressed - but I doubt that it will extend beyond that,  he said. Egypt is an important military partner for the United States and is fighting its own Islamist insurgency in part of the vast Sinai Peninsula. Arab countries are unanimous in their rejection of Trump s Jerusalem move. Key allies such as Saudi Arabia and Iraq reiterated their stance at the General Assembly vote. Iraq s foreign ministry described the result as a  triumph for international law . Saudi Arabia s delegation said their vote on the Palestinian cause reflected a  policy priority since the time of the founder (of Saudi Arabia), King Abdul Aziz.  It is unclear if U.N. votes and strong rhetoric alone will force Washington to reverse course, however. Israel, the closest U.S. ally in the Middle East, has heaped praise on Trump. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu hailed his decision, which reversed decades of U.S. policy, as a  historic landmark . Israel considers Jerusalem its eternal and indivisible capital and wants all embassies based there. Palestinians want the capital of an independent Palestinian state to be in the city s eastern sector, which Israel captured in a 1967 war and annexed in a move never recognized internationally.     ",1
11508,South Sudan rebels say army attacked them after signing ceasefire,"JUBA (Reuters) - A South Sudanese rebel group on Friday accused government troops of attacking their base only a day after the parties signed a ceasefire in a four-year war that has killed tens of thousands of people.  The ceasefire, that would allow humanitarian groups access to civilians caught in the fighting, formally comes into force on Sunday morning.  On Friday afternoon, a spokesman for the SPLA-IO rebel group said army forces had attacked a rebel base in Deim Jalab, in the western part of the country. Lam Paul Gabriel said two rebels and five government troops were killed in the fighting. The army spokesman in the capital, Juba, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The war that began in late 2013 in the world s youngest nation has forced a third of the population to flee their homes. The United Nations describes the violence as ethnic cleansing.  Earlier this year, pockets of the country plunged briefly into famine. The latest round of talks in the Ethiopian capital,  convened by the East African bloc IGAD, brought the warring sides back to the negotiating table after a 2015 peace deal collapsed last year during heavy fighting in Juba. After the new agreement was signed on Thursday, South Sudan s Information Minister Michael Makuei Leuth told journalists:  The cessation of hostilities will be effective 72 hours from now. As of now, we will send messages to all the commands in the field to abide by this cessation of hostilities.   From now onwards, there will be no more fighting,  he added.  Just talks.  The German foreign ministry welcomed the agreement as an important step toward bringing peace to South Sudan.  We call on all participating parties to implement the agreement in a comprehensive and sustainable manner, and to ensure that humanitarian organizations are not hindered in doing their work,  a ministry spokeswoman said. ",1
11509,Canada pays tribute to billionaire couple after mysterious deaths," (In Dec. 21 item, corrects spelling of Jonathon Sherman s first name) By Anna Mehler Paperny and Matt Scuffham TORONTO (Reuters) - Tearful family members paid tribute to Canadian pharmaceutical billionaires and philanthropists Barry and Honey Sherman before thousands of people on Thursday, less than a week after news of the couple s mysterious deaths shocked the nation. The Shermans were found hanging by belts around their necks from a railing beside a pool in the basement of their Toronto mansion, a friend of the family told Reuters.  Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau attended the memorial service in Toronto, as did hundreds of Apotex Inc employees wearing blue, the official color of Barry Sherman s company.  The Sherman s son Jonathon began an emotional eulogy by saying the family was frustrated with the way Toronto police have handled the case, referencing Canadian media reports that said investigators were working on the theory that Barry Sherman, 75, had killed his 70-year-old wife and then himself.  We ve had to navigate through a terrifying maze of non-information and unfounded speculation,  Jonathon Sherman said.  I kept expecting my parents to walk through the front door and say,  Everything will be fine. We ve taken control of the situation.  Police have confirmed that the Shermans died of ligature strangulation and that there were no signs of forced entry to the couple s home.  Homicide detectives are leading the investigation, but the deaths have not been declared a homicide. Police have not detained any suspects and have not said if they are looking for any. Family, friends, colleagues and political leaders remembered Barry Sherman as a brilliant man. They described the graduate of the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology as an accomplished executive who worked around the clock to build Apotex into one of the world s biggest generic drugmakers.  Several speakers mentioned his penchant for chiding people over grammatical mistakes.   He pretty well thought he was smarter than anyone else,  said Jack Kaye, an Apotex executive who worked alongside Sherman for decades.  And he wasn t wrong about that.  Honey Sherman was described as vivacious and dedicated, a philanthropist who worked hard to keep her extended family close.   She was my best friend and my other half,  said her sister Mary Schechtman.  We completed each other s sentences and never went anywhere without each other.  ",1
11510,Taking back control: UK's classic blue-and-gold passport to return,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May on Friday hailed the return of Britain s classic blue passport as a benefit of leaving the EU, pleasing Brexit campaigners for whom it is a symbol of national sovereignty but attracting derision from many remainers. The government said a version of the old passport, issued to Britons from 1920 to 1988, when it was replaced by the burgundy jacket of the European Union, will be reintroduced after the country leaves the bloc in March 2019.    The UK passport is an expression of our independence and sovereignty - symbolizing our citizenship of a proud, great nation,  May said on Twitter.  That s why we have announced that the iconic blue passport will return after we leave the European Union in 2019.    During often bitter campaigning for the June 2016 referendum on whether to leave the EU, which Britain joined in 1973, some Brexit supporters seized on the color of the passport as a symbol of the country s lost independence.  Opponents meanwhile mocked their attachment to something superficial while arguing that Brexit would diminish Britain s real standing in the world. Former United Kingdom Independence Party leader Nigel Farage, a leading supporter of Brexit, responded to Friday s news by tweeting:  Happy Brexmas!   A return to British passports means we are becoming a proper country again,  he wrote.  We are getting our individuality and national identity back.  But Anna Soubry, a lawmaker from May s Conservative party who opposes Brexit, tweeted:  Stand by for street parties as blue passports return. Not sure they ll make up for broken #Leave promise of extra  350m a week for (British public health service) NHS.   A Brexit campaign slogan suggesting that Britain s financial contributions to the EU could be diverted to the National Health Service has been credited with swinging voters toward  Leave .  The new document, which will be issued from October 2019, will come with enhanced security features, immigration minister Brandon Lewis said, and will be introduced as old passports expire and at no extra cost to the taxpayer. Speaking to the BBC, Lewis said even people who voted remain still had an attachment to the dark blue passport. Responses to May s tweet were overwhelmingly negative, however, with many Twitter users pointing out that Britain could have kept the old color under EU rules.  Others bemoaned the fact that Britons would lose the right to live and work in 27 other EU countries as a result of Brexit.  Wow this passport s fancy. Must have some kickass features,  read one tweet accompanied by a picture of a smiling family collecting their new passports.  How many countries do you have the right to work in on this bad boy?   One   Huh. Still, blue though...   ",1
11511,Danish police charge Syrian man with attempted terrorism,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Danish Police have charged a 30-year-old Syrian man, an asylum-seeker to Sweden, with attempting to commit a  terrorist act  in Copenhagen in November 2016, according to a police statement. The man, whose name media are prohibited from mentioning, was arrested on Thursday in an operation involving the Danish intelligence service, police said. The court found there was reasonable suspicion the man had planned to commit a  terrorism attack  at an unknown place in Copenhagen in November 2016 together with a man who was convicted in Germany in July of planning an attack in Copenhagen. The two men had aimed at killing or wounding several random people by attacking them with knives and afterwards detonate one or several explosive charges, the police said.  ",1
11512,Temer warns pension reform failure will hurt Brazil's credibility,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - Brazil s President Michel Temer warned on Friday the country would face economic volatility and loss of international credibility if a bill overhauling its costly social security system is not passed by Congress early next year. Speaking to reporters, Temer acknowledged that corruption accusations had undermined his popularity and delayed passage of a pension reform bill that is now scheduled to be put to a vote on February 19.  He said his government would not support a candidate in the 2018 presidential elections that does not back pension reform. ",1
11513,Callista Gingrich becomes Trump's envoy to pope as differences mount,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Callista Gingrich, wife of the former speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, on Friday became U.S. ambassador to the Vatican, which is at odds with Washington over immigration, climate change and Jerusalem. Callista Gingrich, 51, an author, documentary filmmaker and former congressional aide, presented her credentials to Pope Francis at the Vatican to officially assume her role. Her husband Newt Gingrich was an early supporter and vocal ally of U.S. President Donald Trump. Newt Gingrich is expected to continue his role as a political contributor to Fox News from his new base in Rome. Trump s nomination of Callista Gingrich to the post at the Holy See in May caused some controversy because of her marriage to Gingrich, with whom she became involved when he was still married to his second wife. Both are Roman Catholic. On Thursday they attended the funeral at the Vatican of Cardinal Bernard Law, who resigned as Archbishop of Boston 15 years ago after covering up years of sexual abuse of children by priests.  The pope has implicitly criticized Trump s decision to pull out of the Paris accord on climate change. He said last month that denying climate change or being indifferent to its effects were  perverse attitudes  that blocked research and dialogue aimed at protecting the future of the planet. Francis is also opposed to Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. The pontiff has called for respect for the city s  status quo,  saying new tension in the Middle East would further inflame world conflicts.. On Thursday at the United Nations, where the Vatican has permanent observer status, more than 120 countries defied Trump and voted in favor of a resolution calling for the United States to drop its recent recognition. The U.S. embassy said in a statement that the new ambassador  looks forward to working with the Holy See to defend human rights, advance religious freedom, combat human trafficking, and to seek peaceful solutions to crises around the world .    ",1
11514,Vietnamese court upholds jail term for prominent activist: lawyer,"HANOI (Reuters) - A court in Vietnam on Friday upheld a nine-year jail sentence for a prominent activist convicted of spreading propaganda against the state, her lawyer said. Blogger Tran Thi Nga, 40, was initially found guilty at a trial in July, six months after she was arrested in a widening crackdown on critics of the Communist government. Despite sweeping economic reform and increasing openness towards social change, the ruling party retains tight media censorship and does not tolerate criticism. Nga s sentence of nine years in prison and five years probation was upheld by a court in the central city of Nha Trang, one of her lawyers said.  Nga said she was innocent and was not guilty of propaganda against the state,  lawyer Ha Huy Son told Reuters by telephone. Court officials were not immediately available for comment. Nga s family did not have access to the hearing. The U.S. embassy said it was deeply troubled by the court s decision and that everyone in Vietnam should be able to express their political views without fear.  The United States calls on Vietnam to release Tran Thi Nga and all other prisoners of conscience immediately,  U.S. Embassy spokesman Pope Thrower said. In November, a Vietnamese court upheld a 10-year jail sentence for another prominent blogger, Nguyen Ngoc Nhu Quynh, known as  Me Nam , or Mother Mushroom, who was jailed for publishing propaganda against the state.  ",1
11515,Contrasting realities in Libya for French minister's visit,"TRIPOLI/BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - A hundred meters from the office of Libyan Prime Minister Fayaz al-Seraj in Tripoli, guards at a detention center for migrants had a message for a visiting French delegation: no minister, no journalists, nobody is allowed in.      French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian went to Libya on Thursday to revive U.N. talks between rival groups controlling the west and east, with a view to stabilizing a nation in turmoil since the fall of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. But the Tripoli leg of the visit showed how difficult it will be to find anyone capable of imposing authority, with a weak U.N.-backed government depending on an array of armed factions, each with its own agenda. After meeting Seraj in his impressive office, Le Drian was meant to visit the nearby detention facility to see conditions for African migrants caught as they try to reach Europe. But after CNN aired a video appearing to show migrants being auctioned off as slaves, Libyan officials are on edge, with guards refusing to let the French visitors through the detention camp s thick steel door.  What do you want to call it?   said a visibly tetchy man who described himself as the supervisor.  It is a detention center. Nobody is allowed. Not the minister and not journalists. Not allowed.  French officials played down the incident, saying there had been no time for a visit anyway. But it was symptomatic of how Seraj s government is struggling to make an impact, failing to fix anything from electric power cuts to a collapsing currency. Seraj promised to tackle migrant trafficking, but French officials say that will depend on which armed groups are prepared to help him.  While armed factions are vying for control in Tripoli, power in Benghazi is in the hands of one man, General Khalifa Haftar, whose forces have driven out Islamist fighters.  It s a lot more ordered here. There s no doubt here that there is just one chief,  said a European security contractor in Benghazi. Haftar s self-styled Libyan National Army is made up of different groups, which he struggles at times to control. But the general, who hopes to run for the Libyan presidency next year, sought to impress his French visitor with as much fanfare as possible. Soldiers stood at strategic points, uniforms spotless and boots polished, in contrast to other parts of Libya, where armed groups are more informally dressed in a mixture of uniforms and civilian clothes.  Opponents accuse Haftar of Gaddafi-style high-handedness and of trying to revive a police state, something his supporters vehemently deny. He did not leave his office during the French visit, leaving Le Drian to review air, sea and land forces as a military band struggled to play La Marseillaise. Haftar s aides did not allow journalists to film his meeting with le Drian with their phones.   I appreciate the frankness of our exchanges,  Le Drian said after an hour-long discussion.  That s quite natural,  Haftar responded loftily.     Haftar is attempting to position himself as a presidential candidate, but there is still sporadic fighting in Benghazi despite his having declared victory in July. One diplomat recalled how Haftar was envious of Seraj after he met U.S. President Donald Trump in Washington last month, perhaps sensing a shift in the Libyan balance of power.      I don t know how comfortable he (Haftar) is feeling, because I sense that this time the security was much more stringent than when we were last here (in August),  said a French official.  He may be feeling some pressure.  ",1
11516,Iran justice ministry says no decision yet on British-Iranian aid worker,"LONDON (Reuters) - The head of Iran s justice ministry was quoted on Friday as saying Tehran would decide the fate of a detained British-Iranian aid worker sentenced to five years in jail and that he could not confirm Western media reports relating to her case. Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was arrested in April 2016 at a Tehran airport as she was heading back to Britain with her two-year-old daughter after a family visit. She was convicted of plotting to overthrow Iran s clerical establishment, a charge denied by her family and the Foundation, a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News.  Zaghari-Ratcliffe s husband Richard Ratcliffe told the Guardian newspaper and other British media on Thursday that her lawyer had said that her case had been marked as being eligible for early release.  Iran s judiciary cannot confirm any of the claims in Western media about this case,  Iran s semi-official Tasnim news agency on Friday quoted Gholamhossein Esmaili, the head of the justice department in Tehran province, as saying.  When a decision is made, it will be announced by the Islamic Republic s judiciary or through diplomatic channels.   British foreign minister Boris Johnson traveled to Iran this month to lobby for her release. Esmaili was also quoted by Tasnim as saying that a second case had been brought against Zaghari-Ratcliffe - the first such acknowledgement from a justice ministry official.  Her family said in October that the second case carried charges that could bring mean another 16 years in prison, including joining and receiving money from organizations working to overthrow the Islamic Republic and attending a demonstration outside the Iranian Embassy in London.  Besides serving her current sentence, she has also another ongoing case against her in court... We do not know if she would be found guilty or not,  Esmaili was quoted as saying. Tasnim said Esmaili also dismissed reports of a swap deal, but did not make clear which reports he was referring to. The release of dual national prisoners in Iran in recent years has been mainly done through prisoner swaps.      Iran refuses to recognize dual nationals and denies them access to consular assistance. It has arrested at least 30 dual nationals during the past two years, mostly on spying charges. ",1
11517,Legal action to see whether UK could unilaterally stop Brexit gets go-ahead,"EDINBURGH (Reuters) - A group of anti-Brexit Scottish members of parliament has been given the go-ahead to pursue legal action to establish whether the United Kingdom can unilaterally stop the process of leaving the EU, a Scottish court said on Friday. The Scottish Court of Session has accepted a petition from the cross-party group of seven MPs, excluding British Prime Minister Theresa May s ruling Conservatives, to determine whether Brexit can be stopped if Britain, acting alone, decides to reverse the process. The British government has three weeks to respond to the challenge, before the Edinburgh court - Scotland s supreme civil judicial body - sets a date to hear the case, a spokesman said. The seven MPs from the Labour Party, Scottish National Party, the Liberal Democrats and the Scottish Greens, want the Court of Sessions to refer the matter to the European Court of Justice, the EU s highest court, to conclusively rule on the issue.  We know it is possible to stay in the European Union if the other member states allow. But experts believe our parliament can withdraw the (leaving) notification without their permission,  the Scottish MPs said in a statement earlier this week.   But there is only one way to be sure: a court has to decide what Article 50 means.   May formally notified the EU of Britain s intention to leave the EU by triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty on March 29, starting a two-year exit process, and has said she will not tolerate any attempt in parliament to block it. Brexit supporters argue that after last year s referendum vote to leave, any attempt to halt the process would be anti-democratic. But opponents say the country should have a right to pass final judgement on any exit deal negotiated, and the Scottish challenge is the latest legal attempt to try to ensure this happens.   Article 50 does not specify whether the exit process can be unilaterally reversed although former British diplomat Lord Kerr who drafted it has said Britain can change its mind at any stage before the final exit date in 2019. The referendum saw 52 percent of voters backing Brexit. The poll shook Britain s structure, as voters in Northern Ireland and Scotland backed remaining in the EU but those in Wales and England opted to leave. However, a recent BMG opinion poll found that 51 percent of Britons would now keep EU membership versus 41 percent who still wanted to leave. ",1
11518,"UNHCR says Australia abandoned refugees, must clear up the mess it made","GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N refugee agency on Friday accused Australia of abandoning hundreds of refugees and asylum seekers on Papua New Guinea s Manus Island and said it must take responsibility for the mess it created with its  offshore processing  system. About 800 refugees are still in a precarious situation on Manus Island, having been forcibly removed from a holding camp last month when Australia decided to close it, UNHCR spokeswoman Cecile Pouilly told a regular U.N. briefing in Geneva.   We are talking here about people who have suffered tremendously, extreme trauma, and are now feeling so insecure in the places where they are staying. There are many victims of torture, people who have been deeply traumatised, having no idea what is going to happen next to them,  she said.  In light of the continued perilous situation on Papua New Guinea s Manus Island for refugees and asylum seekers abandoned by Australia, UNHCR has called again this week on the Australian government to live up to its responsibility and urgently find humane and appropriate solutions.       Conditions in the camp, and another on the tiny Pacific island of Nauru, have been widely criticised by the United Nations and human rights groups. The two camps have been cornerstones of Australia s contentious immigration policy under which it refuses to allow asylum-seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores. The policy, aimed at deterring people from making a perilous sea voyage to Australia, has bipartisan political support. The closure of the Manus Island camp, criticised by the United Nations as  shocking , caused chaos, with the men refusing to leave the compound for fear of being attacked by Manus island residents. [nL3N1NT437] Pouilly said that in the past four weeks, there had been at least five security incidents, including an attempt by three people armed with machetes and an axe to force their way into a site where 150 refugees and asylum seekers have been accommodated since the Australian facility closed. Pouilly said that although Papua New Guinea now had to deal with the situation, the buck should stop with Australia.  What we clearly are saying is that it s Australia s responsibility in the first place,  she said.  Australia is the country that created the situation by putting in place this offshore processing facility. So what we are asking is for Australia to find solutions for these people.      ",1
11519,The Guardian's photographer of the year: Zohra Bensemra of Reuters,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - In April, Reuters photographer Zohra Bensemra was sent to cover the drought in Somalia. Once there, she looked for ways to humanize the plight of more than 2 million people trying to survive the famine amid fields of withered crops and the brittle skeletons of livestock.  See her portfolio of work here In a makeshift camp for displaced people, Bensemra met Zeinab, a 14-year-old girl forced to marry an older man offering $1,000 as her dowry. Zeinab had wanted to become an English teacher, but that small fortune made it possible for her extended family to travel to a Somali town on the Ethiopian border where international aid agencies providing food for drought refugees. Bensemra found similar stories during a nearly two-week trip through the Horn of Africa.  Photography opens eyes to what s going on in the world,  says Bensemra, who was named agency photographer of the year by the Guardian, a U.K.-based newspaper.  It s not about nationalism or religion but about human beings.   The Guardian recognized Bensemra s 2017 work covering some of the planet s most dire situations: the fight against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria; the Rohingya refugee crisis; and the drought in Somalia, among others.  Read the story here In Bensemra s role as an eyewitness to war, human rights abuses and other atrocities, she says it is crucial to remain unbiased.  It s important to stay neutral if we want people to believe us and trust us,  Bensemra says.  We have to be in the middle. We don t take sides.  Read her photographer profile here Based in Algeria, Bensemra says she believes being a woman in the field has its advantages. For one, people are more likely to open up to her and share their stories.  One of her most memorable photographs of the year shows an exhausted Khatla Ali Abdallah, 90, fleeing a battle with Islamic State outside Mosul in February. Bensemra had tears in her eyes as she shot the photograph, imagining the woman as her own grandmother, but unable to help.  When you see people suffering and living very, very hard lives, I imagine myself in their place,  she says.  ",1
11520,Yazidi sisters reunited after three years in Islamic State captivity,"SHARYA, Iraq (Reuters) - When Rosa, now 14, asked her Islamic State captors about her younger sisters Bushra, 12, and Suhayla, seven, she was told they had been killed for misbehaving.  At that point, I didn t care about anything anymore. Even if I died,  she said.  I never thought I d see them again.  The sisters were finally reunited on Sunday, more than three years after being taken by the militants in an assault on Sinjar, the Yazidi heartland on August 3, 2014. Just last week, Iraq declared  final victory  over Islamic State, with parades through the streets of Baghdad in celebration after three years of bloody war. But the damage done by the militants is not easily remedied: they brutalized Iraqis, exposing fault lines in the country s already fragile social fabric and ripping families apart. For Rosa and her family, though overjoyed at reuniting, the last three years will not be easily erased. The militants shot, beheaded, burned alive or kidnapped more than 9,000 members of the minority religion, in what the United Nations has called a genocidal campaign against them. According to community leaders, more than 3,000 Yazidis remain unaccounted for. Among them, are Rosa s parents, thought murdered by the militants who rolled their victims into mass graves scattered across the sides of Sinjar mountain, where thousands of Yazidis still live in tents. The girls  nine-year-old brother, Zinal, is also still missing. Captured and held with them in the nearby city of Tal Afar, he was later driven away to Mosul in a car full of young Yazidi boys. They haven t heard from him since. Reuters could not verify all of the details given by Rosa, Bushra and some of the five older brothers they now live with in a group of tents in the tiny village of Sharya in Iraq s Kurdistan region. But Amin Khalat, spokesperson for Kurdish government office which helps return missing Yazidis, said Rosa and Suhayla had been taken to Syria and Turkey respectively after being held in Tal Afar and that his office had helped reunite them with their family. He said Rosa was returned from Syria by fighters from the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) and Suhayla by the Iraqi government which was alerted to her existence by Turkish officials who found her at a refugee camp in Turkey. Her family then recognized her photograph. Rosa said she and her younger siblings were sold, by the Islamic State militants who attacked Sinjar, to a fighter and his family in Tal Afar, a city of predominantly ethnic Turkmen which produced some of the group s most senior commanders. She said she did all the household chores and cared for her siblings and other young Yazidi captives, who lived together in a tiny room. After a year together, Zinal was taken to Mosul, while Suhayla and Bushra were sold off to separate Islamic State families, close to one another, but not allowed to meet. After Bushra s captors took her to Rosa s house for a visit, she said she memorized the route so she could return.  I would wait till everyone fell asleep in the afternoon, I d pretend to fall asleep and then sneak out to see Rosa,  said Bushra.  They once caught me and threatened to sell me off if I didn t stop seeing my sister but I didn t care.  Bushra said she was eventually sold again, but about a year ago, she and six older Yazidi girls ran away and reached Sinjar, where Kurdish fighters helped them find their families. Rosa was taken to Deir Ezzor, Syria and sold twice more. She said she was originally bought for $4 in Tal Afar and last sold in Syria for $60.  Those dogs made quite a good profit out of me,  she said with a wry smile. PKK fighters came across her in Idlib and brought her back to Iraq and her family, she said. Suhayla was taken by her Turkmen captors to a refugee camp in Turkey, where authorities discovered her situation and repatriated her. She was reunited with her sisters and other relatives on Sunday, a day after Rosa returned. Beaten, forced to convert and forget their native Kurdish, the girls even had their names changed.  Rosa was known as Noor   hers was an infidel s name, her captors told her. Suhayla, captured when she was three, barely recognizes her sisters and speaks in broken Turkman dialect and Arabic.  She has to learn to remember us again,  said Rosa.  She got used to calling some strangers mum and grandpa while she was held captive.  Her sisters say Suhayla has barely spoken since returning to her family, but wearing a pink sweater and plastic jewelry, she relaxed under a flood of kisses from her sisters. Bushra, nine when she was captured, is only at ease with her closest relatives. Because she returned to the family first, her brothers have asked her to help her sisters, but she warned them that it would not be easy.  It s true we are strong, we ve been through so much. But our hearts are weak   they re broken.  ",1
11521,"Merkel's conservatives tempt SPD with offer on healthcare, jobs","BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives hope to draw the Social Democrats (SPD) into coalition with offers on healthcare and employment, one of her ministers said, but the two camps remain far apart on tax issues. Merkel s CDU/CSU alliance won a national election in September, but she has so far failed to agree terms with other parties on a coalition that would enable her to serve a fourth term. Her best chance now appears to be a reboot of the  grand coalition  with the centre-left SPD that ran Germany from 2013 to 2017 and continues to govern in a caretaker capacity. Peter Altmaier, acting finance minister and Merkel s chancellery chief, told newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung he thought such an alliance was again possible. The SPD had previously said it intended to go into opposition after suffering its worst election result in more than eight decades. But Germany s two biggest political groups are now set to start exploratory coalition talks next month and hope to decide by Jan. 12 whether to open full-blown negotiations. Asked what offers the conservatives would make, Altmaier said:  We ll of course talk with the SPD about problems in hospitals and nursing care, improvements for families and children, broadband expansion, qualification for new jobs and how we can reach full employment.  There is overlap with the SPD on these areas, he said, adding that helping Germany s 900,000 long-term unemployed needed to be a key project - an idea likely to go down well with the SPD. Taxation could be a sticking point, however. Senior SPD member Andrea Nahles told German magazine Der Spiegel her party wanted to press for a higher top rate of tax for individuals and non-listed companies and ensure the wealthy paid more.  The conservatives have rejected the idea of higher taxes for the rich. Altmaier said that while the conservatives would not draw any red lines ahead of the talks, they wanted a coalition treaty to include a pledge not to raise taxes or increase debt. The SPD also wants to scrap Germany s dual healthcare system of premium private care and more widely accessible public care to replace it with a single  citizen s insurance . The conservatives fear that would harm competition. Nahles said employers and employees needed to pay the same amount towards public healthcare and doctors  fees for public and private healthcare systems should be reviewed. While the conservatives have made clear they are keen on another  grand coalition , the SPD has kept the option of tolerating a minority Merkel-led government on the table. The chancellor rejects that idea. Senior SPD member and Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel told the Funke newspaper consortium that some of his party colleagues were ready to live with a minority government. But he said he worried about the implications for Europe s stability.  I m rather skeptical,  he said in an interview published on Friday as political crisis gripped Spain, where separatists were set to regain power in Catalonia following regional elections.  A shaky government in Germany would probably lead to an earthquake in Europe - but we need to talk about it.  ",1
11522,Malaysia arrests 20 over suspected terror links,"KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia has arrested 20 suspected militants, including 13 foreigners, police said on Friday, adding to a list of hundreds detained in recent years accused of having links to terror groups. The Muslim-majority Southeast Asian country has been on high alert since gunmen linked to Islamic State launched multiple attacks in Jakarta, the capital of neighboring Indonesia, in January 2016.  The suspects were arrested in a counter-terror operation carried out in four states between Nov. 30 and Dec. 15, Inspector-General of Police Mohamad Fuzi Harun said in a statement.      They include a 50-year-old Filipino suspected of recruiting his countrymen in Malaysia to join up with the Abu Sayyaf, a militant group notorious for kidnappings and beheadings in the southern Philippines.  The man, who has been living in Malaysia since 2016, was believed to be a cousin of late Abu Sayyaf leader Isnilon Hapilon, a Malaysian intelligence source told Reuters. Hapilon, the Islamic State s anointed  emir  in Southeast Asia, was killed in October by Philippine troops in Marawi city, where he had led a five-month siege.  Police also arrested an Indonesian, suspected of being a leader of Jamaah Ansharut Daulah, a pro-Islamic State alliance of Islamic militants, he said.  The man was involved in a July 2017 bombing in Bandung, Indonesia, before traveling to Malaysia to escape arrest, Mohamad Fuzi said.      The suspect... planned to raise funds in Malaysia before departing for Syria to join up with Daesh,  he said, referring to Islamic State.  A 46-year-old former Malaysian teacher was arrested in Sarawak, on Borneo island, in connection with a plan to attack a beer festival in Kuala Lumpur, police said. Three others had been arrested in October in connection with the plan.      ",1
