id,title,text,label
13527,"EU's Tusk: Africa, EU must cooperate to end 'horrifying' migrant abuses","ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Europe and Africa have joint responsibility for making migration more humane and orderly so they can end horrifying abuses being committed against African migrants by people smugglers, European Council President Donald Tusk said on Wednesday. He was speaking at a two-day Africa-European Union summit that was meant to focus on development and investment in youth, but had inevitably been overshadowed by the migrant crisis. Reports this month of white Libyan slave traders selling black African migrants at markets in Libya - a grim echo of the trans-Saharan slave trade in centuries past - have drawn worldwide horror. The outcry threatened to put migration to the top of the summit agenda and shine a light on a thorny issue for European leaders faced with a surge in far-right, anti-immigration parties at home.  It is clear that migration is a joint responsibility. It is in all our interests to have orderly migration that is more controlled, more humane and sustainable,  Tusk said in his opening remarks.  The recent reports about the treatment of Africans - especially young people - by smugglers and traffickers are horrifying,  he said, adding that 5,000 migrants had drowned in the Mediterranean last year. Soon after CNN aired grainy images from Libya this month appearing to show migrants being sold as slaves, African governments began recalling diplomats from Tripoli. Protests erupted in France, Senegal and Benin. Ivory Coast President Alassane Ouattara called for Libyan slave traders to be prosecuted by the International Criminal Court.  Let s work together to bring more humane solutions to this migration crisis that taints relations between the North and the South,  said Guinea s president, Alpha Conde, the chairman of the African Union. Libya has promised to investigate the reports, but many African citizens also blame European policies for abuses along the migrant trail.  The worst we can do is to start the blame game. What we need now are common solutions and stronger cooperation to save lives, protect people,  Tusk said.  Our common duty is to step up the fight against these unscrupulous criminals.   But European leaders - including German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron, who head the Franco-German axis at the heart of the EU - are hamstrung by electorates that are increasingly anti-immigration. Despite pressure at home, Merkel on Wednesday highlighted the need to create legal avenues for migration.  However, Gunter Nooke, her special envoy for Africa, later told Reuters that alone would not solve the problem.  There we talk about thousands, tens of thousands. But with (illegal) migration we talk about millions.   He added that no country is going to allow hundreds of thousands of students in from developing nations unless they can be sure most will go back within four years, which he said rarely happened. In a joint statement, the United Nations, African Union and European Union announced the creation of a joint task force  to save and protect lives of migrants and refugees along the routes and in particular inside Libya,  and to speed up returning migrants to countries of origin. European and African leaders met late on Wednesday to discuss the reports of slavery in Libya and the migrant crisis.  We must not only denounce it, we must act, by collectively attacking these smuggling networks,  Macron, who has called the abuses in Libya a crime against humanity, said at the meeting.   We are going to ... to carry out targeted sanctions.  ",1
13528,Lebanon's Hariri signals may withdraw resignation next week: statement,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon s Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said on Wednesday that matters were  positive  and if that continued, he would withdraw his resignation next week, a statement from his press office said. Hariri had announced his resignation from Saudi Arabia on Nov. 4, then put it on hold last week at the request of President Michel Aoun, after Hariri had returned to Lebanon. ",1
13529,Bosnian Croat war crimes convict dies after taking 'poison' in U.N. court,"THE HAGUE (Reuters) - A former Bosnian Croat military commander swallowed what he said was poison in a U.N. war crimes courtroom on Wednesday and died shortly after losing an appeal against his 20-year prison term. Slobodan Praljak s apparent courtroom suicide, which was broadcast on a video feed, came in the final minutes of the last judgment at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, which closes next month after 24 years. The white-bearded Praljak, 72, was taken to hospital after drinking from a flask or glass as an ICTY judge read out appeals rulings against him and five other convicted Bosnian Croat war criminals, tribunal spokesman Nenad Golcevski said.  I just drank poison,  the ex-general told the stunned court.  I am not a war criminal. I oppose this conviction.  After gulping down the drink, he sat back down and slumped in his chair, said a lawyer who was in the courtroom at the time.  Praljak drank a liquid in court and quickly fell ill,  Golcevski said. He was treated by tribunal medical staff, but  passed away today at the HMC hospital in The Hague , he said. Presiding Judge Carmel Agius hastily suspended the hearings and the courtroom was declared a crime scene by Dutch authorities. As a forensic investigation got under way, the chamber was sealed off and the public told to leave.  Don t take away the glass!  Agius said, instructing the guards to lower blinds and block a glass-partition separating the court from the public. In the chaotic moments that followed, guards and paramedics raced in and out of the courtroom, and ambulances sped away. Croatian Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic, whose country was the patron of separatist Croat forces in Bosnia s 1992-95 war, said he regretted Praljak s death and offered condolences to his family.  His act tells the most about deep ethical injustice toward the six Bosnian Croats and the Croatian people.  The ICTY upheld on appeal Praljak s conviction on charges of crimes against humanity over persecution, murders and expulsions of Bosnian Muslims from territory captured by nationalist Bosnian Croats and the brutal imprisonment of 1,000 Muslims. A reading of the judgment, which was also ruling on appeals against convictions and sentences against five other Bosnian Croat convicts, resumed more than two hours after Praljak drank the apparent poison. The incident upstaged the appeals rulings, which were important for Croatia - it suspended a session of parliament so lawmakers could follow the hearing. In the southern Bosnian town of Mostar, where Bosnian Croats and Muslims fought each other in the war and now co-exist in an uneasy peace, cafes closed to avoid incidents. Praljak was acquitted of some charges of wanton destruction related to the Bosnian Croat militia s shelling of Mostar s iconic, Ottoman-era Old Bridge because the judges ruled that it had been a legitimate military target. About a thousand Bosnian Croats gathered in a Mostar square late on Wednesday to light candles in support of Praljak. A mass in his honor was held in a packed Catholic cathedral, where churchgoers draped themselves in Croatian flags.  I came here to support our generals and pay respect to General Praljak who could not bear injustice and made his final verdict. He is our pride and hero,  said Darko Drmac, a Bosnian Croat war veteran. Fikret Kurtic, a Mostar Muslim who was detained in a Croat-run detention center during the war, said the verdict could not change the past but  may serve as an example for others in this divided country that crimes cannot go unpunished.  Kasim Brkovic, an unemployed Bosnian Muslim war veteran and former prisoner, said:  The same people are in power today and we still live in a camp, it s just they don t beat us anymore.  The ICTY also upheld the convictions of Jadranko Prlic, former political leader of the breakaway Bosnian Croat statelet during the war, along with military and police figures Bruno Stojic, Milivoj Petrovic, Valentin Coric and Berislav Pusic. Judges ruled there had been a criminal conspiracy, with the involvement of Croatia s government under then-President Franjo Tudjman - who died in 1999 - aimed at the  ethnic cleansing of the Muslim population  of parts of Bosnia to cement Croat domination there. The defendants on Wednesday received sentences ranging from 10 to 25 years. The decision cannot be appealed. The chairman of post-war Bosnia s shaky, Muslim-Serb-Croat  presidency, Dragan Covic, a Croat, said:  (Praljak) showed before the whole world what kind of sacrifice he is ready to make to prove that he is not a war criminal.  Previously, two defendants awaiting their ICTY trial, both Serbs, committed suicide by hanging themselves in their U.N. cells, according to court documents. Slavko Dogmanovic died in 1998 and Milan Babic was found dead in his locked cell in 2006. The ICTY indicted 161 suspects in all from Bosnia, Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro and Kosovo in connection with atrocities in the ethnic wars there during the 1990s. Of the 83 convicted, more than 60 of them were ethnic Serbs. The court s lead suspect, former Yugoslav and Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic, died of a heart attack in March 2006 months before a ruling in his genocide trial. Last week, former Bosnian Serb military commander Ratko Mladic was convicted of genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity for mass killings and expulsions of Muslims and the siege of Sarajevo, and sentenced to life in prison. Mladic s lawyers tried to delay the verdict mid-reading by saying he was too ill to continue, and Mladic was then removed from the courtroom after shouting that judges were  liars . ",1
13530,Clashes kill four in Yemen capital as anti-Saudi alliance frays,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Four supporters of Yemen s former president Ali Abdullah Saleh were killed in clashes with their supposed allies from the Houthi movement in the center of the capital Sanaa on Wednesday, his party said. The fighting around the city s main mosque complex underlined deepening rifts between the armed groups who have together confronted a Saudi-led alliance in three years of war. Houthi fighters and army units loyal to Saleh made common cause to fan out through Yemen in 2015 and have weathered thousands of air strikes launched by neighboring Saudi Arabia and its allies. But they have fought between themselves briefly once before in August and have vied for influence in the capital and Yemen s main population centers over which they rule.  In an official statement, Saleh s General People s Congress Party accused Houthi forces of trying to occupy part of the mosque site on Wednesday for a coming political rally. Hundreds of Houthi fighters, the statement said,  broke into the Saleh Mosque and fired RPGs and grenades inside the mosque and put its regular guards under siege.      They said four of Saleh s supporters died and six guards were wounded in the complex built by Saleh and bearing his name which straddles a major highway and is close to the presidential palace. The Houthis, the statement said, were  responsible for every drop of blood.  Officials from the Houthi group were not immediately available to comment on the reports of gunbattles, which were also reported in Arab media. The two allies were once bitter foes, as Saleh launched several wars on the armed Shi ite Muslim religious movement before 2011  Arab Spring  protests forced him to step down. They formed a partnership to fight the Saudi-backed and internationally recognized government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi and his forces. A political body the allies established continues to rule over most of Yemen s population centers but quarrels over appointments and policy have mounted as a Saudi-led blockade has spread economic pain and helped unleash hunger and disease. Taha Mutawakil, a Houthi spiritual leader, in a Friday sermon blasted Saleh s rule as  black days  for Yemen and called for the Houthis to declare an economic state of emergency and seize the assets of Saleh-aligned businessmen. The movement s leader, Abdulmalik al-Houthi, appeared to direct an unprecedented salvo at pro-Saleh officials in a speech on Saturday:  He who does not understand the concept of alliance and partnership, is an obstacle and knows only how to be a rival.  For their part, Saleh s General People s Congress party referred to pro-Houthi fighters as  cartoonish mercenary things  in an earlier statement. Saudi Arabia accuses the Houthis, as Saleh frequently did before their alliance, of being proxies of Shi ite Iran - a charge the group and Tehran deny. ",1
13531,U.N. welcomes move by Libya to help find refugee solutions,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. refugee agency on Wednesday welcomed a decision by Libya to open a transit center for unaccompanied children and other vulnerable refugees from among hundreds of thousands of migrants, and called on EU countries and others to accept them. Reports this month of white Libyan slave traders selling black African migrants at markets in Libya - a grim echo of the trans-Saharan slave trade in centuries past - have drawn worldwide horror and condemnation. Hundreds of thousands of migrants have been crossing the Sahara and the Mediterranean to reach Europe through Libya in each of the past several years. Thousands die during crossing the desert and at sea. Many are now being held in camps in Libya in conditions rights groups describe as inhumane. The International Organization for Migration (IOM) has flown 13,000 migrants from Libya back to their countries of origin this year under a voluntary repatriation program. But thousands of others who face war or persecution at home cannot be sent back safely. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has been seeking to open a refugee transit center in Tripoli to resettle or evacuate as many as 5,000 of the most vulnerable out of Libya each year.  UNHCR...welcomes the decision by the Libyan authorities to set up a  transit and departure facility  in Tripoli for people in need of international protection,  the Geneva-based agency said in a statement on Wednesday. With support from the Italian government, the initiative will facilitate the transfer of thousands of vulnerable refugees to third countries, it said.  But we now need EU member states and others to step up with offers of resettlement places and other solutions, including family reunification slots,  said Roberto Mignone, UNHCR Representative to Libya. The goal is to speed up the process of securing places in third countries, particularly for unaccompanied and separated children and women at risk, it said. William Lacy Swing, head of the IOM, told the U.N. Security Council on Tuesday that it was working with partners  to try to empty the detention centers  in Libya of around 15,000 migrants. Nigeria s president said on Wednesday the government had started bringing stranded citizens home from Libya after the global outcry over reports that migrants there were being sold into slavery. ",1
13532,Turkish President calls accusations of family bank transfers abroad lies,"ANKARA (Reuters) - President Tayyip Erdogan dismissed as lies accusations by Turkey s main opposition party that his family has moved millions of dollars into foreign bank accounts to avoid taxes. The Republican People s Party (CHP) filed a parliamentary motion requesting an investigation into its allegations, which CHP leader Kemal Kilicdaroglu says he can back with documents detailing some $14 million in money transfers by members of Erdogan s family to the Isle of Man. Erdogan, who has led Turkey since 2003, denied the accusations against his family and said he would take the CHP leader to court.   These people haven t sent a dime abroad,  Erdogan said in a speech, adding that Kilicdaroglu was  telling lies . Erdogan s lawyer says the documents are fake and has called on Kilicdaroglu to hand them over to prosecutors. CHP Spokesman Bulent Tezcan was quoted by Hurriyet newspaper as saying the prosecutor had no role to play in the matter.  We know you are trying to drown this out and silence everyone, but we will not be silenced,  he said.  It is not ethical. Our chairman did not say whether this was a crime or not. He has made no evaluation in criminal terms.  To form any investigative commission, a majority vote would be needed in a parliament which is dominated by the AK Party that Erdogan founded. Erdogan has dominated Turkish politics in almost 15 years as Prime Minister and then President and remains by far the country s most popular leader; but opponents accuse him of increasingly authoritarian conduct. ",1
13533,Egyptian presidential hopeful says barred from travel from UAE,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Former Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq, who told Reuters on Wednesday he intended to run in the presidential election early next year, told pan-Arab TV channel Al Jazeera that the United Arab Emirates had barred him from traveling. Shafiq, an ex-air force commander and presidential candidate, said earlier he had planned to return to Cairo in the coming days from his current location in the UAE, a close ally of Egypt. UAE officials could not be immediately reached for comment. ",1
13534,"France's Macron urges China, Russia to support North Korea sanctions","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday he was counting on U.N. Security Council members China and Russia to step up sanctions on North Korea after its latest missile test.  I once again condemn with the greatest force the missile launch yesterday and now we must increase sanctions,  Macron told France 24 television.  I am counting a lot in particular on China and Russia in order to take the most difficult and effective sanctions,  he added, speaking during an interview from Abidjan in Ivory Coast. ",1
13535,"NATO should defend Sweden, Finland if attacked: NATO official","BERLIN (Reuters) - NATO should defend Sweden and Finland in the event of an armed aggression, although neither country is an alliance member, a senior NATO official said on Wednesday at an event that underscored growing concerns about Russia s military buildup. Commodore Hans Helseth, special adviser to the NATO Joint Warfare Center in Norway, said the two nations  growing ties to the western alliance increased their risk and NATO had a moral obligation to come to their assistance if they were attacked.  Their non-membership actually lowers the threshold of an armed aggression against the two countries. In my opinion, NATO simply has for moral reasons and other reasons to come to the two countries  assistance,  Helseth said at the Berlin Security Conference. He said NATO remained open to welcoming both nations as members if they chose to join. Finland, Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Iceland agreed this month to step up defense cooperation and exchange more air surveillance information, part of a broader effort to build up their defenses to counter Russian activities. Officials from both Finland and Sweden spoke at the conference about their concerns about Russia s military buildup in the Arctic and northern Europe in general, citing its 2014 annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine as a wakeup call. The two countries take part in NATO military drills, but they are not covered by Article V of NATO s foundational treaty which says an attack on one member is an attack on all. Both countries know any move to join the alliance would create a backlash in Moscow, which opposes any expansion of NATO.  A senior Russian foreign ministry official on Tuesday called for efforts to rebuild ties with European countries, including more communication among military experts. But Helseth said there could be  no return to business as usual  with Russia given its annexation of Crimea and its role in supporting violence in eastern Ukraine, as well as its support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and use of  unfriendly attacks in the cyber domain . Top military leaders from NATO and member countries spoke at the two-day event about their efforts to build up a bigger deterrent to any military aggression by Russia. U.S. Lieutenant General Ben Hodges, who heads U.S. Army forces in Europe, said Russia had missed a big opportunity to mend ties with the West by not being more transparent about  military exercises this year. U.S. and NATO officials say Russian forces far exceeded the 13,000 threshold beyond which a country is obligated to invite military observers. Russia says western officials are exaggerating the scope of the exercises. Hodges said western nations had achieved an unprecedented level of information-sharing during the exercise, and said he hoped that would continue even as NATO expands its own capabilities to rapidly move forces to the eastern flank.  He cited concerns about recent activities by Russia, including its purchase of 2,000 vehicles to transport tanks by road and moves to take advantage of melting ice in the Arctic.      Russia is not sitting around waiting to see what happens.  ",1
13536,"German SPD, conservatives argue over repatriation of Syrian refugees","BERLIN (Reuters) - Members of Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) and Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives argued on Wednesday about repatriating Syrian refugees accused of crimes, a potential foretaste of coalition negotiations on immigration. Migration will be a key issue in coalition talks after an influx of more than a million migrants since mid-2015 hurt both the two major German parties in the September election and helped the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD).  The SPD criticized a proposal by conservative politicians to deport Syrian refugees who commit crimes, accusing the conservative party of moving to the right, RND newspaper group reported on Wednesday. Earlier this month, the AfD called for the repatriation of all the half a million Syrian refugees living in Germany, saying the war there was nearly over.  The conservative interior minister of Saxony state, Markus Ulbig, proposed deporting Syrian refugees who commit offences after evaluating the security situation in their home country, RND reported earlier. Ulbig s proposal, was supported by other regional interior ministers who will meet next week to discuss whether the situation in Syria merits a new status in order to consider sending Syrians back, starting from the end of June 2018.  We have always said: we want to respond to the developments in Syria,  said the spokesman of the head of Christian Democrats in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.  Now we have to ensure in the medium term that people return to their homeland.  The SPD said a halt to deportations for Syrian asylum seekers should be extended at least until the end of 2018.  Now thinking about sending people to this country as quickly as possible - as the conservatives proposed- is cynical and inhuman,  said Eva Hoegl, a senior SPD politician. A spokeswoman for the Foreign Ministry, which is led by SPD politician Sigmar Gabriel, noted that the conflict was still ongoing, suggesting that it was premature to talk about a new security assessment for the country. Hundreds of thousands of people have been killed and more than 11 million driven from their homes in Syria s civil war, now in its seventh year. The situation on the ground has changed in the last two years since Russia joined the war on the side of the government, helping it recapture most rebel-held territory. ",1
13537,German court orders release of soldier accused of attack plan,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A German court on Wednesday ordered the release of an army officer suspected of planning to carry out an attack on politicians and incriminate asylum seekers, saying there was not enough evidence to keep him in detention. The officer, named only as Franco A., was arrested in April in a case that shocked Germans and stirred a debate about the depth of right-wing radicalism in the country s military. Prosecutors suspected that Franco A., along with two accomplices, wanted to implicate refugees in their planned attack by posing under a false identity as an asylum seeker. Former president Joachim Gauck and Justice Minister Heiko Maas were on a list of possible targets prepared by the suspects, who wanted to make their attack look like the work of Islamist militants, prosecutors had said. However, the Federal Court of Justice ruled on Wednesday that there was not enough evidence that Franco A. was preparing an attack to keep him in detention, even if there were some grounds for suspicion. Investigators must now make clear whether they have enough evidence to bring the officer to trial. A suspected accomplice was freed in July pending trial, while the other suspect was released for lack of evidence. The case had put pressure on Chancellor Angela Merkel s government, with her close ally, Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen, facing criticism for failing to deal with right-wing extremism in the army and also because she implied that most soldiers were right-wing radicals. Franco A., who served with an army battalion stationed in France, had used a fake identity to register as a Syrian refugee and moved into a shelter for migrants in Bavaria even though he speaks no Arabic. The soldier had previously been detained in late January by Austrian authorities on suspicion of having hidden an illegal gun in a bathroom at Vienna s main airport. ",1
13538,Nigeria flies migrants home from Libya after slavery scare,"LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigeria s president said on Wednesday the government had started bringing stranded citizens home from Libya after a global outcry over reports that migrants there were being sold into slavery. Muhammadu Buhari s comments came days after CNN aired footage that appeared to show men being auctioned as farm hands in Libya after being smuggled across the Sahara. Libya s U.N.-backed government has said it is investigating.     The situation in Libya, of people being sold into slavery, is appalling and unacceptable. We will do everything to protect our citizens wherever they might be,  Buhari wrote on his Twitter account. Nigeria had  started bringing back home all Nigerians stranded in Libya and elsewhere,  he added. The U.N. s International Organization for Migration said 239 Nigerians flew home from Tripoli on Tuesday.  It has said Nigerian migrants risk exploitation, detention and abuse as they head north to Libya, hoping to cross the Mediterranean to Europe. ",1
13539,Opposition wants Russian pressure for Syria deal within six months,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Syria s opposition wants Russia and other states to put pressure on President Bashar al-Assad to engage in peace talks in Geneva to produce a political solution within six months, the chief of its delegation said at the start of negotiations on Wednesday.  We want more pressure on the regime to engage in the negotiation and continue in the negotiation to reach a political solution in six months, as (U.N. Security Council Resolution) 2254 says,  Nasr Hariri told Reuters.  Just speaking about a political transition without any advancement, we will lose our trust in the process and our people will lose their trust in us and in the process itself.  Hariri said Syria and its ally Iran wanted the fighting to continue until they could declare a military victory, and they were not abiding by agreements to de-escalate the fighting in areas such as Eastern Ghouta, a besieged rebel-held enclave.  If the situation continues as it is now I think there is great danger in these agreements.   Russia had arranged a pause in the fighting for Eastern Ghouta for two or three days, which showed Moscow had the power to ensure de-escalation agreements were respected, he said.  A war monitor and a witness said on Wednesday that heavy shelling hit Eastern Ghouta in spite of the start of the Russian-backed truce there. Syria s civil war is now in its seventh year and previous rounds of negotiations made virtually no progress, with no direct contact between the opposing delegations, who took turns to meet U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura. The Syrian government delegation has always rejected the opposition s demand that Assad leave power, calling them  terrorists  who lacked the legitimacy to negotiate. The government s position on the battlefield has strengthened dramatically since Russia joined the war on Assad s behalf two years ago, raising speculation that the opposition could soften its negotiating stance. However, opposition delegates meeting last week issued a statement repeating their demand that Assad be excluded from any transitional government, a position which Damascus and its allies say is divorced from reality on the ground. De Mistura originally planned a round of 4-5 days but was now planning to continue until Dec. 15, Hariri said, adding that his team had come hoping for direct talks with the government delegation for the first time. Hariri said his opening words to government negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari would be:  I hope despite all of the crimes which have been done in Syria, I hope that the regime can come ready to put the people of Syria first.  De Mistura has asked both sides to come without preconditions. Hariri said the opposition had no preconditions, but planned to talk about Assad s future as part of the negotiations. The talks are meant to cover four major issues: elections, governance, the constitution and fighting terrorism. All four would be discussed, Hariri said, but it would not be possible to go straight into the core elements straightaway.   If we will speak about constitution or election under the current circumstances inside Syria with this kind of regime, I think it will be impossible,  he said. Among issues the opposition wanted to discuss at the outset were humanitarian aid and people detained by forces loyal to Assad. Hariri said detainees number more than 200,000. Syrian government negotiator Ja afari also met de Mistura on Wednesday but declined to speak to reporters afterwards. ",1
13540,Venezuela's Maduro strips rival of U.N. post amid corruption purge: sources,"CARACAS/HOUSTON (Reuters) - Venezuela has ordered the removal of Rafael Ramirez, once a powerful oil minister and head of state oil company PDVSA, from his post as representative to the United Nations in New York, four sources with knowledge of the matter said on Wednesday. Though the decision will not affect the OPEC nation s struggling oil industry, it may help President Nicolas Maduro shore up his position in crisis-stricken Venezuela as the country heads toward presidential elections in 2018. Ramirez, an increasingly vocal critic of Maduro in recent months, was seen by some as angling to be a presidential candidate as Maduro s unpopular government and an economic crisis have fueled divisions with the ruling Socialist Party.   He was fired last night,  said a source with knowledge of the information, who asked not to be identified. Maduro sent Ramirez to the U.N. in 2014 in a major demotion from his decade-long roles as oil minister and head of PDVSA. Venezuela s Information Ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The United Nations has not received formal notification of Ramirez s removal, a U.N. spokesman said. Vice President Tareck El Aissami said on Wednesday that he hoped that Maduro will be re-elected in 2018, the clearest indication yet that the former bus driver will seek another term despite the economic crisis. A separate source said that Ramirez had been summoned to present himself in Venezuela  in coming days.  That source said Ramirez had not been formally removed and that he was working at the United Nations on Wednesday.  However, he was not present when his turn to speak at a meeting on the rights of the Palestinian people came up, according to diplomatic sources at the meeting.     Two sources said Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza traveled to New York this week. Another source said Ramirez tried to fight back and negotiate but was unable to.  Ramirez has published several online opinion pieces this year criticizing the management of PDVSA for allowing oil production to plummet and admonishing the government for not taking measures to improve Venezuela s tanking economy. In one piece this month entitled the  The Storm,  he described his efforts in 2014 to help stabilize the economy, which Maduro s allies perceived as an attack on the president, according to one source. The article played up his close relationship with late President Hugo Chavez, who tasked Ramirez with leading oil sector nationalizations that began in 2007. Chavez s deity-like status in the Socialist Party makes any relationship with him a commodity that officials often use when vying for influence or jockeying for position. Maduro, who calls himself  the son of Chavez,  this week named a military officer to head PDVSA and promised to break up  mafias  that have stolen from the nation s coffers. Some of his comments in a speech on Tuesday appeared aimed at Ramirez  tenure.   We ve witnessed the rise of mafias that controlled important areas of our oil industry,  Maduro said in the speech during the swearing in of Major General Manuel Quevedo.   They didn t just steal from the country ... they believed themselves to be the owners of the oil industry.  Venezuelan authorities last week arrested the acting president of its U.S.-based refiner Citgo and five of the subsidiary s top executives as part of the corruption probe. Since August the authorities have ordered the arrest of around 50 oil industry managers as part of the anti-corruption sweep. ",1
13541,Iran denies airspace access to Bulgarian PM's plane en route to Riyadh: minister,"SOFIA (Reuters) - Iran denied access to its airspace to a Bulgarian government jet taking a delegation led by Prime Minister Boyko Borissov to Tehran s regional arch-enemy Saudi Arabia, Sofia s foreign minister said on Wednesday. Ekaterina Zaharieva told reporters the plane had all necessary permits to fly over Iran en route to Riyadh late on Tuesday but once it entered Iranian airspace it was asked by Iranian authorities to leave. Zaharieva, part of the delegation on board, said the aircraft had to return to Turkey after what she called an  inexplicable last-moment refusal  by Iran. She said the plane had to get permission to fly through Iraqi airspace, to the west of Iran, before it could reach its final destination.  She said Tehran had told Sofia the air access refusal was due to a slight deviation of the plane from its planned route, but Bulgarian authorities disagreed and had summoned the Iranian charge d affaires to Bulgaria for an explanation.  The government aircraft had secured all the necessary diplomatic permissions to fly over Iranian airspace,  Zaharieva said. The Iranian charge d affaires, Hassan Dotagi, said he deeply regretted the case and described it as a  technical misconception , according to a Bulgarian Foreign Ministry statement following the meeting.  Borissov is the first Bulgarian prime minister to visit Saudi Arabia. Bulgaria will take the European Union s rotating presidency from January for six months. The plane was also carrying former Bulgarian king Simeon Saxe-Coburg and four other cabinet ministers. The Sunni Muslim kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Muslim Iran support rival sides in wars and political crises throughout the Middle East. ",1
13542,Rebel area near Damascus hit by heavy shelling despite two-day truce,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Dozens of mortar bombs landed on the last major rebel stronghold near the Syrian capital Damascus on Wednesday, a war monitor and a witness said on Wednesday, despite a 48 hour truce proposed by Russia to coincide with the start of peace talks in Geneva. After a relatively calm morning, shelling picked up later in the day, accompanied by ground attempts to storm the besieged enclave, a witness in the Eastern Ghouta area told Reuters. The Syrian army stepped up bombardment two weeks ago in an effort to recapture Eastern Ghouta, a rebel-held pocket of densely populated agricultural land on the outskirts of the capital under siege since 2012. Scores of people have been killed in air strikes during the offensive, and residents say they are on the verge of starvation after the siege was tightened. Russia had proposed a ceasefire on Monday in the besieged area for Nov. 28-29. U.N. Syria envoy Staffan De Mistura later said Russia had told him that the Syrian government had accepted the idea, but  we have to see if it happens . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least one person was killed when dozens of mortars crashed into Eastern Ghouta on Wednesday. Eastern Ghouta is one of several  de-escalation  zones across western Syria where Russia has brokered ceasefire deals between rebels and President Bashar al-Assad s government. But fighting has continued there. On Tuesday, shelling killed three people and injured 15, but was less intense than in previous days, the observatory said. It had reported intense bombardment that killed 41 people over two days from Sunday to Monday.  A two-day truce is not nearly enough for civilians facing grave violations of international law - including bombardment and besiegement - but it is a window of opportunity to save the lives of the most desperately in need of treatment,  said Thomas Garofalo, International Rescue Committee s Middle East Public Affairs Director, in a statement on Wednesday. The Syrian delegation arrived in Geneva to participate in the eighth round of United Nation-sponsored peace talks. It delayed its departure for one day after the opposition repeated its demand that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad step down. Nasr Hariri, head of the opposition delegation, told a Geneva news conference on Monday night that he is aiming for Assad s removal as a result of negotiations. The government delegation will be headed by Syria s U.N. ambassador and chief negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari, state-run news agency SANA said. A breakthrough in the talks is seen as unlikely as Assad and his allies push for total military victory in Syria s civil war, now in its seventh year, and his opponents stick by their demand he leaves power. ",1
13543,"Merkel: End smuggling and slavery, allow legal migration for Africans","ABIDJAN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday stressed the importance of ending smuggling and slavery while creating a legal route for Africans to come to Europe as she faces pressure at home to tackle a migrant influx. Speaking at an EU-Africa summit in Abidjan, Merkel is seeking to show Germany can take foreign policy action despite still being under a caretaker government two months after an election. The influx of more than a million migrants since mid-2015, many of them fleeing the Middle East and Africa, was largely to blame for the rise of the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) in the Sept. 24 election. By taking votes from Merkel s conservative bloc and others, they surged into parliament for the first time, leaving Merkel facing complicated coalition arithmetic. She is grappling to form a new government with the centre-left Social Democrats (SPD) after discussions on forming a three-way tie-up with the pro-business Free Democrats and the Greens failed, in part because of the thorny issue of migration.  There is a common interest in ending illegal immigration,  Merkel said.  This plays a role all over the African continent now because there are reports that young African men are being sold like slaves in Libya.  Libya is now the main departure point for mostly African migrants trying to cross to Europe. Smugglers usually pack them into flimsy inflatable boats that often break down or sink. Merkel, who in 2015 decided to open Germany s borders to migrants, said legal options should be created for Africans to be able to get training or study in an EU country. Speaking on the sidelines of the summit, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, from the SPD, suggested that Europe could offer several hundred thousand places each year as long as those people returned voluntarily after three or four years. But Guenter Nooke, Merkel s Africa envoy from her Christian Democrats (CDU), was more sceptical:  No interior minister will let hundreds of thousands in if he is not sure that most of them will return,  he told Reuters. The difference between Gabriel and Nooke suggests that migration will be a contested subject in coalition talks between the CDU and the SPD, but perhaps less so than in the three-way talks that failed as the two parties policies are closer. More important than creating legal migration options was to create more opportunities for young people at home, Nooke said, noting that Africa s population could double from a current 1.2 billion by 2050.  It s all about creating seeds for growth, with industrial parks and special economic zones. It is a question of jobs, jobs, jobs, jobs,  he said. The summit was due to focus on education, investment in youth and economic development to discourage refugees and economic migrants from attempting the treacherous journey across the Mediterranean. ",1
13544,Britain summons North Korean ambassador over missile test,"LONDON (Reuters) - The British Foreign Office said it had summoned the North Korean ambassador to condemn Wednesday s ballistic missile test.  North Korea said it had successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile in a  breakthrough  that put the U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons.  I summoned the North Korean Ambassador to the Foreign Office to make clear to him our condemnation of this latest ballistic missile test,  Minister for Asia and Pacific Mark Field said in a statement.  North Korea claims it wants to bring security and prosperity to its people. But its actions are creating only insecurity and deepening its isolation,  said Field. Britain is a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council. The latest test was the highest and longest any North Korean missile had flown, and it landed in the sea near Japan. ",1
13545,Three dead bodies pulled from sea near Spain after migrant boat sinks,"MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish rescue services pulled three drowned men from the Strait of Gibraltar after rescuing one man from a half-sunken, rickety boat and another from the open sea, an emergency services spokeswoman said on Wednesday. The men are believed to be from a boat that was carrying migrants attempting to cross into Europe, the spokeswoman said. One of the rescued men said there were six people aboard originally, she said. The search continues for the sixth person. Conditions in the Strait of Gibraltar - a narrow strip of water that connects the Atlantic Ocean to the Mediterranean Sea - are currently dangerous with bad weather and big waves, she said.  Tens of thousands of migrants attempt the treacherous crossing of the Mediterranean Sea from Africa every year in unseaworthy boats, leading to thousands of deaths by drowning. Migrant drownings have topped 3,000 on Mediterranean Sea routes for the fourth straight year, the International Organization for Migration said on Tuesday. Migrants seeking a better life in Europe have sought new routes through Spain in an effort to get around European Union actions to curb migration in the central and eastern Mediterranean. Almost 10,300 people arrived in Spain by sea in the first seven months of 2017, the IOM said in September, four times as many as in 2016. ",1
13546,"After threats, EU lawmakers seek 'protection' on Malta visit","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union lawmakers have asked for  protection  when they visit Malta this week to probe accusations of high-level corruption on the island, citing death threats made against some members of the EU parliament. The legislature passed a motion this month voicing concerns about democracy and the rule of law in the EU s smallest state, following the killing of a journalist who had accused some political leaders of graft and money laundering. A group of seven MEPs will visit Malta on Thursday and Friday. In a letter seen by Reuters, Manfred Weber, the German leader of the center-right bloc, wrote to European Parliament President Antonio Tajani on Wednesday asking him to  remind the Maltese authorities of their duty to protect  the delegation and  allow them to carry out their duty free from fear . The stark terms of the letter underscored the depth of feeling in Brussels about recent developments in Malta. It also reflected Tajani s call on Monday for the Polish government to ensure the safety of MEPs after a far-right protest there over an EU parliament motion about democracy in Poland. Centre-left Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat says Malta does not tolerate crime and promised justice for the murdered journalist, who had leveled personal accusations against him as well as against members of the center-right opposition party. Sven Giegold, a German member of the EU parliament s Greens party and a leading campaigner on financial crime who will be part of the delegation, told Reuters he was not very worried but added:  I hope the security will be guaranteed.  Weber, an ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel, wrote that there were  serious concerns  about the independence of the Maltese police and referred to MEPs being  threatened with their lives for speaking out in defense of the rule of law in Malta . One of his group s members, Maltese center-right MEP Roberta Metsola, has faced public death threats on social media after speaking on the issue, parliamentary officials said.  Mr Weber can rest assured that, as in previous occasions, Malta will offer maximum hospitality to the MEP delegation , a spokesman for the Maltese government told Reuters. ",1
13547,"Turkey's Erdogan, Germany's Steinmeier discuss improving relations: Turkish sources","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and German counterpart Frank-Walter Steinmeier discussed the need to improve ties between their countries and take mutual steps to that end during a phone call on Wednesday, Turkish presidential sources said. Aside from bilateral relations, the sources said, Erdogan also briefed Steinmeier about a summit on Syria s conflict held by Turkey, Russia and Iran in the southern Russian city of Sochi on Nov. 22.  ",1
13548,Venezuela has not told U.N. it is changing representative: official,"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Venezuela s government has not officially notified the United Nations of any changes to its representation at the organization, a U.N. spokesman said on Wednesday.  Four sources told Reuters on Wednesday that Rafael Ramirez, a former oil czar turned U.N. diplomat, had been sacked from his post amid a broad oil industry anti-corruption campaign. ",1
13549,Vatican defends pope's avoidance of term 'Rohingya' in Myanmar,"YANGON (Reuters) - The Vatican on Wednesday defended Pope Francis s decision not to use the word  Rohingya  in public during his visit to Myanmar, saying his moral authority was unblemished and that his mere presence drew attention to the refugee crisis. But at a news conference, the Holy See s spokesman also acknowledged that Vatican diplomacy was  not infallible  and that others were entitled to their views. The pope leaves on Thursday for Bangladesh, where about 625,000 Muslim Rohingya from predominantly Buddhist Myanmar have fled following a military crackdown in Rakhine state. He is due to meet Rohingya refugees there. Since he arrived in Myanmar, Francis has studiously avoided the highly charged term, following advice of local Church officials. They feared it could set off a diplomatic incident and turn Myanmar s military and government against minority Christians. Even though his calls for justice, human rights and respect were widely seen as applicable to the Rohingya, who are not recognized as citizens or as members of a distinct ethnicity, rights groups such as Amnesty International said they were disappointed.  I think it was pretty clear from the local concerns that the pope was going to take the advice very seriously in public,  Vatican spokesman Greg Burke said at the news conference, which was also  with several Myanmar bishops.  That doesn t take away from anything the pope has said in the past, or from anything he says in private,  Burke said.  The fact of the matter that the pope is here and draws attention to the country itself is an incredibly positive thing.  Scores of Rohingya villages were burnt to the ground, and refugees arriving in Bangladesh told of killings and rapes. Washington said last week that the military s campaign included  horrendous atrocities  aimed at  ethnic cleansing . Myanmar s military has denied accusations of murder, rape and forced displacement. The government blames the crisis on the Rohingya militants, whom it has condemned as terrorists.  Everyone s entitled to their own opinion here. Nobody ever said Vatican diplomacy s infallible,  Burke said when asked if the Vatican had any second thoughts about the decision for the pope not to use the word. He said the aim of Vatican diplomacy was  building bridges  and seek discussions as  brothers, which often take place behind closed doors . This suggested the pope, who has defended Rohingya by name before in Rome, may have used the term in private during meeting in Myanmar. The pope, Burke said, was  not afraid of minefields,  but he could not just  parachute in  to areas to solve crises.  I find it really hard to think that the moral authority of the pope has somehow diminished. People are not expected to solve impossible problems,  Burke said.  The moral of the pope stands. You ll see him go ahead and you can criticize what is said and what is not said, but the pope is not going to lose moral authority on this question,  he said. Asked about the accusations of ethnic cleansing, Bishop John Hsane Hgyi said  I did not see it with my own eyes. I don t know if its true or not . When she came to power in 2016, Nobel peace laureate and longtime champion of democracy Aung San Suu Kyi said her top priority was ending ethnic conflicts that have kept Myanmar in a state of near-perpetual civil war since independence in 1948. That goal remains elusive and, although Suu Kyi remains popular at home, she has faced a barrage of international criticism for expressing doubts about reports of rights abuses against Rohingya and failing to condemn the military. Although Suu Kyi formed Myanmar s first civilian government in half a century, her defenders say she is hamstrung by a constitution written by the military that left the army in control of security and much of the apparatus of the state. The military s power was clear on Monday when its leader, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, demanded to meet the pope before Sun Kyi, upending the planned schedule, which had her meeting the pontiff first.  I m sure the pope would have preferred meeting the general after he had done the official visits,  Burke said.     ",1
13550,EU's Barnier paints gloom and doom for post-Brexit Britain,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The European Union s chief Brexit negotiator told German industry on Wednesday that it was his responsibility to help European companies weather the exit of Britain from the EU, and he warned Britain that its economy had much to lose. In a series of speeches, Michel Barnier also said work remained to be done on how much Britain would pay the EU to cover its share of the EU budget after it leaves. British newspapers have reported his team has broadly agreed on a payment of around 50 billion euros ( 44 billion). The EU has given Britain until Monday to make an acceptable offer for a financial settlement, agree on the rights of EU citizens in Britain and ensure no hard border is set up with Ireland. Only then will it start talks on a future trade pact.  German business is worried about the impact of Brexit -   Britain is Germany s third-largest export destination and its fifth-biggest overall trading partner.   The future of the EU is more important than Brexit,  Barnier told the BDA employers association and the BDI industry group and DIHK chambers of commerce. Barnier said he wasn t sure if the  whole truth  had been explained to British business on the impact of Brexit.  My responsibility before you and everywhere in Europe is to tell the truth to European businesses,  he said in the speech to the BDA employers association. A trading relationship with a non-EU member inevitably involved friction, he said.  Whatever the outcome of the current negotiations, there will be no business as usual,  he said. Some politicians in Britain have argued that German companies depend on them for business, so Berlin under Chancellor Angela Merkel may help London get a deal. But only about 6 percent of Germany s trade in goods is with the United Kingdom, compared with 56 percent with the other EU countries, Barnier said - making it clear Britain had the most to lose. Barnier also pointed to value-added tax returns and the imports of animals and animal projects that are subject to checks at the EU s borders as potential problems. And he warned there was no guarantee that judgements by UK courts on trade disputes would automatically be recognised across the EU after Brexit. The BDI industry association and DIHK chambers of commerce stressed that the onus was on the British government to shift in its negotiations.  The British government must move so that the EU can give the green light in two weeks for phase two of the talks,  said the BDI and DIHK groups.  There can be no cherry picking for London. It is clear: our priority is to strengthen the EU and develop it further,  they said, stressing that the freedoms of the internal market would not be diluted for Britain during any transition phase. Barnier also warned that companies should prepare for a possible  no deal , which implies returning to trade tariffs under World Trade Organisation rules, and border controls. That scenario would lead to higher transport and storage costs, hitting companies operating on a just-in-time basis, he said.  The no-deal scenario is not our scenario, but since it cannot be ruled out, we have to prepare for it,  he said. ",1
13551,Brexit campaigners accuse May of selling UK short over divorce bill,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May faced a backlash on Wednesday from prominent supporters of Brexit after reports that she is ready to pay much of what the European Union is demanding to settle the country s  divorce bill  to leave the bloc. The Daily Telegraph newspaper said the net bill would total 45 billion to 55 billion pounds ($53 billion to $65 billion). A government official cast doubt on those numbers and the European Commission declined to comment, but there is a growing expectation that the sides will clinch a deal on cash. Veteran Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage said Britain should walk away from the talks rather than offer such huge sums.  This is a complete sell-out that is not in our national interest,  said Farage, a former leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) who played a big role in the 2016 referendum in which 52 percent of Britons voted to leave the EU.  The British prime minister needs to say:  Look, either start to behave reasonably, either start to behave in a grown-up way, or ... we are walking away ,  Farage, who remains a member of the European Parliament, told Reuters. Many businesses and investors fear such an approach, leading to a  disorderly Brexit , would spook financial markets, sow legal chaos and badly harm the British and EU economies by disrupting trade ties and cross-border supply chains. Farage and pro-Brexit entrepreneurs such as billionaire Peter Hargreaves say Britain can prosper outside the EU and what they see as its onerous rules and regulations. Britain, which is due to leave in March 2019, hopes to persuade EU leaders next month that the sides have made enough progress on three key issues - the rights of EU citizens living in the UK, the exit bill and the land border with Ireland - to be able to move on to talks on a post-Brexit trade relationship. Hardline Brexit supporters in May s ruling Conservative Party have been fairly muted in recent weeks on the money issue, with British media saying the cabinet had swung behind her plans to pay more in the exit bill. On Wednesday Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, one of the leaders of the 2016  Leave  campaign, said it was  time to get the ship off the rocks .  But Hargreaves, the second biggest donor to last year s Leave campaign, denounced the government s handling of Brexit talks, saying they showed no understanding of the sums involved.  We ought to say to the EU:  Thank you very much, we are never going to get a deal, goodbye  and we are gone, lock stock and barrel, and carry on trading as before,  Hargreaves said. Farage dismissed calls by some opponents of Brexit such as former prime minister Tony Blair that British voters might change their mind about leaving the EU.  The revolution of 2016 is still rolling,  he said.  The European Union project is in deep trouble and it s only a matter of time until it ends.  The EU s supporters say it has helped to cement peace, prosperity and stability across a continent historically ravaged by wars. Farage s opponents see him and his party - now riven by divisions and with no lawmakers in the British parliament - as dangerous populists who misled voters about the true costs of Brexit. ($1 = 0.8433 euros) (Adds information in signoff field) ",1
13552,Joining NATO would help Finland's security but unlikely for now: finance minister,"HELSINKI (Reuters) - Joining NATO would improve Finland s security but is unlikely to happen any time soon because of a lack of wider support, Finance Minister Petteri Orpo said on Wednesday. His National Coalition Party, part of a three-party ruling coalition, had a clear position that  NATO membership would strengthen Finland s security, and Finland should be part of all western institutions,  Orpo told Reuters. Finland is one of six members of the European Union that have not also joined the Western military alliance. It has forged closer ties with NATO in recent years over heightened security concerns in the Baltic Sea region, but has stayed out of the alliance in line with a tradition of avoiding confrontation with Russia, with which it shares an 833-mile (1,340 km) border and a difficult history.  This government will not seek membership, and we are committed to that... When the next government will be formed, this issue will likely be considered again, taking into account the situation in the country and the security environment.  A poll released by the Defence Ministry on Tuesday showed only 22 percent of Finns support NATO membership while 62 percent opposed it.  Because a large majority of parliamentary parties, as well as of the citizens, do not support seeking a membership, the issue is not that topical.  Orpo s NCP (National Coalition Party) leads opinion polls with support of around 21 percent. The next general elections will be held in 2019.  President Sauli Niinisto said last month that any move to join NATO would need public approval via a referendum. ",1
13553,Venezuela VP makes clearest indication yet that Maduro will run in 2018,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s vice president said on Wednesday that he hopes Nicolas Maduro will be re-elected as president in 2018, the clearest indication yet that the unpopular leftist will run for another term despite a debilitating economic crisis.  ",1
13554,Russia accuses U.S.-led coalition of trying to partition Syria,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s ambassador to the United Nations accused the U.S.-led coalition in Syria on Wednesday of trying to partition the country by setting up local governing bodies in areas seized from Islamic State, Russian news agencies reported.  Russian Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia was cited as complaining that the coalition was discussing measures to restore the economy with the new bodies, but not with the Syrian government.   What the coalition is doing amounts to concrete steps to partition the country,  Nebenzia was quoted as saying.  ",1
13555,Egypt's Sisi calls on military chief to secure Sinai in three months,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Wednesday ordered his military command to use all force necessary to secure the Sinai peninsula within the next three months following a militant attack on a mosque that killed more than 300 people. No group has claimed responsibility for Friday s attack in which authorities say gunmen carrying an Islamic State flag opened fire after setting off an explosive. It was the worst militant attack in Egypt s modern history. Egyptian forces have battled an Islamic State affiliate for several years in North Sinai, where militants have killed hundreds of police and soldiers.  It is your responsibility to secure and stabilize Sinai within the next three months,  Sisi said addressing his new chief of staff in a speech that gave no details on any operations.  You can use all brute force necessary.  Islamic State s Wilayat Sinai branch has claimed some of the most deadly attacks in Egypt. The group was made up in 2014 of former fighters of a local jihadist group and has staged raids on the security forces for more than three years. Sinai has become one of Islamic State s last holdouts after military defeats in Iraq and Syria. Clearing militants from North Sinai, a desert area stretching from the Suez Canal eastwards to the Gaza Strip and Israel, has been a difficult task for Egypt s army, which is more used to conventional warfare than counter-insurgency. The military has carried out air strikes and bulldozed homes to clear an area near the Gaza border to destroy tunnels. Some tribal leaders say the campaign alienates local communities and has in the past fueled sympathy for militants. The Arab League plans to hold an emergency meeting on Dec. 5 to discuss the attack, MENA state news agency said on Wednesday.  Tribal leaders in the Sinai, some of whom cooperate with the military to provide intelligence, say militants are as few as 800. Most are local Egyptians but there are also some Palestinians, they say. Egypt hopes a recent agreement it helped broker between Palestine rivals factions Hamas and Fatah to allow a unity government to control the Gaza border will help stem arms smuggling by tightening control on the crossing and tunnels into Egyptian territory. Friday s attack was a shift for Sinai militants who have mostly focused on targeting police and soldiers on the peninsula. But since December 2016 they have begun hitting Coptic Christian churches and pilgrims on the mainland. ",1
13556,Gunmen kill intelligence officer at Islamabad Shi'ite mosque,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Gunmen on motorcycles opened fire on worshippers at the entrance of a Shi ite Muslim mosque in Pakistan s capital Islamabad on Wednesday, killing an intelligence officer at the scene, police said. Three or four attackers on two bikes shot at members of the minority Shi ite community who were leaving evening prayers in a residential neighborhood, police official Ghulam Qasim said. A member of Pakistan s domestic Intelligence Bureau among the worshippers got hit several times and died later in hospital, Qasim said.  We re not sure yet whether it is a sectarian incident,  Qasim added.  The man who died got five or six bullets. That seems to make him a target.   No group immediately claimed responsibility. Attacks are rare in the capital, but Al-Qaeda and Islamic State-affiliated Sunni Muslim sectarian groups are active in the country. Four other people were being treated for bullet wounds, police said. ",1
13557,Talks on EU top court role after Brexit stalled: EU parliament Brexit coordinator,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Parliament s main Brexit coordinator expressed  great concern  on Wednesday that talks on the role of the EU s top court to ensure EU citizens  rights in Britain after Brexit have stalled. In a letter to the EU s Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier, Guy Verhofstadt also said that Britain had to ensure common rules between Northern Ireland and Ireland so that there was no need for a physical border between the two.  In order to guarantee the coherence and integrity of the EU legal order, the Court of Justice of the European Union must remain the sole and competent authority for interpreting and enforcing European Union law and not least the citizens  rights provisions of the withdrawal agreement,  he said.  It is with great concern that we note that negotiations in this respect have stalled and even some progress reversed,  he said. ",1
13558,Trump was wrong to retweet UK far-right group: British PM May's spokesman,"LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump was wrong to have posted anti-Islam videos on Twitter that had originally been published by a leader of Britain First, a fringe, far-right party, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday.  It is wrong for the President to have done this,  the spokesman said.  Britain First seeks to divide communities through their use of hateful narratives which peddle lies and stoke tensions. They cause anxiety to law-abiding people.   British people overwhelmingly reject the prejudiced rhetoric of the far-right which is the antithesis of the values that this country represents: decency tolerance and respect.   ",1
13559,EU considers new plan to ease disputes over migrants,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU governments will study a new proposal aimed at overcoming the deep splits over sharing responsibility for asylum-seekers that has soured relations in the bloc since the migrant crisis of 2015, diplomats said on Wednesday. Estonia, which holds the rotating presidency of the European Union, put what it called  the mother of all compromises  to EU envoys, hoping to reconcile countries like Italy, which bear the brunt of arrivals from across the Mediterranean, and eastern states fiercely opposed to being obliged to take in immigrants. Previous proposals have failed to make headway; governments which complain about unfair burdens stemming from an EU rule that asylum claims must be handled in the country where people enter the EU want others to be obliged to take in a share. Ex-communist countries in the east, with little recent history of immigration, especially from Africa, Asia and the Middle East, have resisted attempts by the EU executive to force them to take quotas, leading to stalemate and division that, at the height of the crisis, threatened the Union s cohesion. Germany, where Chancellor Angela Merkel suffered in a September election for her decision to allow over a million people to enter during the crisis, has been pressing other countries to demonstrate  solidarity  on the migrant issue. Under the Estonian plan, the executive European Commission would determine  fair shares  of asylum-seekers that countries would be expected to take in at their own borders - largely based on their population and wealth. But it would trigger an  early warning  if arrivals looked about to test such levels. In such circumstances, other member states would be asked to offer assistance in a range of ways, not simply taking in people but also offering material aid, personnel, funding and so on - something countries like Poland and Hungary have suggested they might offer as an alternative to accommodating migrants. The emphasis would be on averting crises by prompt action. But if crisis conditions persisted, such that a country was sheltering 150 percent or more of its fair share - a number that would also take into account its previous record of taking in refugees - then a more formal procedure could oblige other states by majority vote to make good on offers of  solidarity . The most sensitive part of that - relocating asylum-seekers from one member state to another - would, however, only take place if both states involved agreed voluntarily to the terms. EU leaders agreed in October to avoid a repeat of clashes in 2015 when relocation quotas were forced through by majority vote, prompting legal challenges from some eastern states.. They have set a target of agreeing a consensual system by June. Estonian officials said they believed the proposal offered a good balance between pushing states to show solidarity and those who argue that their societies cannot accept immigration, especially from Muslim countries. By offering a diverse range of ways to show solidarity, the proposal gets away from previous suggestions that states could just pay cash to keep people out.  We have a good understanding where the possible middle ground lies,  an Estonian spokesman said, noting past discussions with each of the other member states and describing Wednesday s presentation to envoys as  well received . ",1
13560,"Tribal militia kill 43 in South Sudan's Jonglei state, abduct women, children","JUBA (Reuters) - A tribal militia killed at least 43 people in South Sudan s Jonglei state, local officials said on Wednesday, extending a spate of tit-for-tat revenge killings.  Raiders from the Murle ethnic group killed 20 men, 22 women and one child, and injured 19 people in the village of Duk Payel on Tuesday, Jonglei Information Minister Jocab Akech Deng said.  The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said in a separate statement that among those killed were six staff members of local aid organizations. The killings are the latest chapter in a chain of revenge attacks, cattle raiding, and child abduction between the Murle and the Dinka Bor tribe.  The United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) said that about 60 women and children had been abducted.  Oil-rich South Sudan dissolved into civil war in 2013 and is riven by rivalry between rebels, the military and tribal militias. More than a third of the country s 12 million population have fled their homes.  Kudumoch Nyakurono, the information minister of neighboring Boma state where the Murle are based, said his government was trying to find the culprits.  There are some villages which were attacked by some youth from Murle in Pibor,  said Nyakurono.    The government of Boma state has condemned this attack and we have sent commissioners and representatives from here to go and find out which village has organized this attack so that we can bring them to justice.   UNMISS said it was sending a peacekeeping patrol and human rights monitors to the area of the attack.  UNMISS deplores any incidents in which innocent civilians are killed. The mission will continue to support reconciliation efforts on the ground between communities to ease tensions and end the cycle of revenge,  said UNMISS spokesman Daniel Dickinson.  ",1
13561,Sinai carnage presses Egypt to seek new alliance with tribes,"NORTH SINAI, Egypt (Reuters) - An attack that killed more than 300 people in North Sinai has prompted Egyptian officials to renew efforts to enlist local tribes whose support will be critical in attempts to defeat Islamic State, security and military sources said.  Brandishing an Islamic State flag, masked men in military-style uniforms fired on worshippers at a village mosque on Friday in the worst such bloodshed in modern Egyptian history. It was a dramatic setback for the military, which has been fighting militant groups in the Sinai peninsula for years with air strikes, ground assaults and mass arrests, while hundreds of police and soldiers have been killed. Lacking sufficient counter-insurgency skills, the army began recruiting tribesmen three years ago, hoping their mastery of the Sinai s inhospitable terrain would provide intelligence on the militants and their arms smuggling routes. That campaign has produced limited results and the latest bloodshed will pressure the army to secure better cooperation from tribal leaders despite some gains against Islamic State this year.      No group has claimed responsibility for Friday s assault, whose brutality shocked Egyptians. On Wednesday, President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi ordered the  military to secure the Sinai within the next three months.  You can use all brute force necessary,  he said. Tribes in the Sinai vowed to unite and join forces with the army after fellow Bedouins were killed in Friday s carnage. But such declarations by Sinai tribes   which accuse the Cairo government of treating them like second-class citizens   have in the past produced limited results. In addition, tribesmen remain divided over feuds and other local issues.  The Egyptian military has more than enough weapons. The biggest issue when it comes to doing anything in the Sinai is to make sure they have good intelligence,  said HA Hellyer, an Egypt expert and senior non-resident fellow at the Atlantic Council.  If it is going to be a counter-terrorism, counter-insurgency set of strategies, that will necessitate involvement from the tribes at a very significant level.  Three security and military sources said that over the past two days talks had been held between security officials and tribal leaders in north and central Sinai. Those security officials said greater coordination and cooperation were needed to defeat the militants. The tribes were divided into five groups and security officials sat separately with each group.   We asked them to help us to control the militants in the areas that they live, farm and move in, because each tribe knows its own people best,  said one of the sources.  There are many things that make them cooperate with us and they vary from each tribe to the next. That s why we sat separately with each tribe. One tribe needs services, and there is economic cooperation on projects with another tribe.  A spokesman for the military said it had made no statement on tribal affairs in Sinai and he could not comment Alliances with tribes have succeeded in other countries facing serious extremist threats   under the right conditions.  In 2006, Sunni tribesmen joined forces with U.S. troops in Iraq and rebelled against al Qaeda in what became known as the  Sahwa , or Awakening.  By January 2009, Washington had invested more than $400 million in the Awakening program, according to U.S. data. Fighters were paid as much as $300-400 a month.  That investment paid off, helping Iraqi security forces to defeat al Qaeda then.  Under a Sisi initiative in 2015 to reinforce cooperation, several hundred Bedouins were to be recruited. Occasionally, they joined patrols and manned checkpoints under supervision. But some tribal leaders were reluctant to team up with the army without more weapons to confront battle-hardened militant fighters. Authorities are wary of supplying arms to tribes with a history of animosity to Cairo, security officials say.  When the security officials spoke to the tribal leaders, they told them that there is no third option in front of them. Either with us or against us,  another source said.   Most of the tribes immediately announced their cooperation with security forces, and others asked for some time to think. But I think that the security forces don t have the time to give them to think.  Mustafa al-Aqili, of the Supreme Council of Arab Tribes, said heavy losses in the mosque attack could encourage both sides to work more closely together. But he stressed waging war against radicals was the responsibility of the military.   Sinai s people grew stronger after that attack and they are standing more with the army,  he said.  They are keen to join the fighting. But that is the job of the army.  A security source in El-Arish, the main city in North Sinai, said ties have improved.   The Bedouins are cooperating with us and have increased their cooperation,  he said. Bringing Sinai s tribes together and on the military s side will not be easy. The cash-strapped government would have to create jobs and invest in schools and infrastructure. To appease angry residents for now, authorities announced $10 million in funds shortly after the attack.  We have no relationship with politics or anything else, and don t cooperate with the army or armed groups,  said Mansur Eid, who lost his son in Friday s attack.  We just live in poverty here.  Egypt may face a bigger challenge if Islamic State militants defeated in Iraq, Syria and Libya join comrades in the Sinai. Help from tribes would be even more important. Friday s attack was similar to Islamic State s approach in Iraq, where it has bombed places of worship in a bid to deepen sectarian strife. Sisi has said that fighters returning from Iraq and Syria may seek refuge in Libya and target Egypt from there.   In his most recent speech released in September, Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi urged followers in North Sinai to keep fighting after the group was defeated in Mosul.  Tribal leaders say there are around 800 militants, mostly Egyptians, with some Palestinians and other foreigners, in the North Sinai. But even small numbers of fighters have inflicted heavy casualties with suicide bombings in Egypt and elsewhere. Islamic State is also seeking to enlist tribesmen in the Sinai, and Ahmed Zagloul, a researcher on Islamist movements, said it had managed to recruit from the largest tribes. By capitalizing on frustrations with the government and civilian deaths, Islamic State has won some support despite its brutal methods. Many in the Sinai were not won over by the government s methods of fighting terrorism, which had left some villages completely destroyed, said Sheikh Ibrahim al-Menei, a leader of the Sawarka tribe. ",1
13562,"Bolivian president welcomes, opposition slams re-election ruling","LA PAZ (Reuters) - Bolivia s socialist President Evo Morales on Wednesday hailed a decision by the country s highest court to allow him to run for another re-election as  a great surprise for the people, for the revolutionaries, for the anti-imperialists.  The opposition said it would march against the ruling announced on Tuesday by the Constitutional Court, which paved the way for Morales to run for a fourth term in 2019. The court decision was final and cannot be appealed. The ruling  guarantees a democratic continuity, but also guarantees stability, dignity and work for the Bolivian people,  Morales said during a news conference. Opposition leaders called for several marches to be held on Wednesday, protesting what they say is  the end of democracy  in the land-locked, natural gas-producing country.   It means a coup d etat, it means trampling the constitution and the most worrying is that Bolivia is approaching the road that Venezuela is on,  Samuel Doria Medina, leader of the  National Unity party, told Reuters. Bolivia is allied with Venezuela, where leftist President Nicolas Maduro is struggling with a severe economic crisis.  Morales, in power since 2006, had previously accepted the results of a 2016 referendum, when 51 percent of voters rejected his proposal to end existing term limits. He later reversed course, saying that while he was willing to leave office, his supporters were pushing for him to stay. In September, Morales  Movement to Socialism (MAS) party asked the court to rescind legal limits barring elected authorities from seeking re-election indefinitely. ",1
13563,Croatian PM Plenkovic regrets Praljak's death in The Hague,"ZAGREB (Reuters) - Croatian Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic said on Wednesday he regretted the death of Slobodan Praljak, the wartime commander of Bosnian Croat forces who died after he drank poison in The Hague.  His act, which we regrettably saw today, mostly speaks about a deep moral injustice towards six Croats from Bosnia and the Croatian people ... We voice dissatisfaction and regret about the verdict,  Plenkovic said. Praljak drank poison seconds after a United Nations judges turned down his appeal against a 20-year sentence for war crimes against Bosnian Muslims. ",1
13564,Turkey says 80 militants killed in air strike in north Iraq,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s military said on Wednesday that more than 80 militants were killed in an air strike on Monday in northern Iraq, where Turkish jets have frequently targeted PKK fighters. It said in a statement that a weapons depot and two vehicles were also destroyed in the air strike. The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has been waging an insurgency in southeast Turkey since the 1980s, also has bases across the border in Iraq. ",1
13565,U.S. imposing more sanctions against N.Korea soon: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States plans to impose additional sanctions against North Korea very soon, a White House spokeswoman said on Wednesday after Pyongyang said it had it successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile and could now reach the U.S. mainland with its nuclear weapons.  We re going to add additional sanctions very shortly that will continue to put that maximum pressure on North Korea,  White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told Fox News in an interview.  Sanders also said the administration would also  try to push Russia to take a bigger and bolder stance to put more pressure on North Korea.  ",1
13566,Qatar builds dairy industry in desert as it defies Arab boycott,"UMM AL HAWAYA, Qatar (Reuters) - Deep in the Qatari desert, a herd of cows stands in a vast shed, cooled by fans and jets of mist - each animal a key player in a plan to defy a trade boycott and make the kingdom self-sufficient in milk by next year. The black and white Holstein cattle are among the first members of a 14,000-strong herd that farming company Baladna is expecting to build up in coming months, its chief executive John Dore told Reuters in an interview.  We will make Qatar self-sufficient by June - that is the target,  Dore said. He conceded that raising and milking cows in temperatures nearing 50 degrees Celsius (120 Fahrenheit) in summer posed special challenges. But technology and the deep pockets of Baladna s Qatari owners were compensating for the harsh environment, said Dore, an Irishman who previously worked for Saudi Arabian dairy giant Almarai. Hundreds of cows were already hooked up to the automatic milking machines at Baladna s farm in Umm al Hawaya, about 50 km (30 miles) north of Doha, and producing milk good enough to export, he said. More than 6,000 more cows from the United States are due to arrive by February. Qatar s drive to build a dairy industry in the desert illustrates how the tiny but wealthy country, the world s biggest exporter of liquefied natural gas, is using money and technology to cope with its isolation. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt cut trade and transport ties with Qatar in June, accusing it of backing terrorism, a charge which Doha denies.  The boycott disrupted Qatar s shipping routes through the Gulf. It also shut Qatar s land border with Saudi Arabia, across which many perishable goods were imported, including almost 400 tonnes of fresh milk and yoghurt a day. The boycott has forced Qatar to fly in dairy products from Turkey and Iran. But Dore said the country was determined to create its own dairy sector, largely relying on Baladna, a private company which is receiving logistical and other support from the government. The firm, which raises sheep, was considering moving into milk production before the boycott, but knew it would find it hard to compete on price with imports from Almarai, he said.  The boycott removed that competition and in the initial weeks of the diplomatic crisis, the company flew in the first 3,400 cows on state-owned airline Qatar Airways.  We were milking cows here on the 11th of July, which is barely a month after the blockade, and that by any method or means is some achievement,  Dore said. Baladna is planning two more sea shipments from the United States - each holding 3,300 animals - by February. Another consignment of 3,000 cows has been planned, but not yet ordered. By June, it says it is expecting to raise production of fresh milk and yoghurt to 500 tonnes a day, enough to meet domestic demand with 100 tonnes left over for export. Baladna has not disclosed financial details of its project, and it is not yet clear whether Qatar can produce large volumes of milk economically, let alone export some at competitive prices. But for now at least, the country s drive to reduce its dependence on imports with domestic production appears to be stimulating the economy. The manufacturing sector grew 3.2 percent from a year earlier in September, official data released last week showed. Food manufacturing jumped 23.5 percent. ",1
13567,Back to school: China kindergarten weathers child abuse storm for now,"SHANGHAI/BEIJING (Reuters) - When RYB Education Inc became enmeshed in allegations of child abuse at one of its Beijing kindergartens, it touched off an angry online furor in China, a police inquiry and a precipitous fall in the company s New York-listed shares. Barely a week later, the firm appears to have weathered much of the storm, for now. Chinese police said late on Tuesday some claims of abuse were unfounded, although one teacher was in custody for using knitting needles to discipline children. The company s shares closed up 23.33 percent in New York on Tuesday, after falling over 40 percent last week when allegations first emerged of abuse that included sexual molestation and forced medication. However, shares fell over 10 percent in pre-market trade on Wednesday after the company said there were parent complaints about other RYB-branded kindergartens and that it was cooperating with police. It gave no other details. RYB s actions over the week represented a case of effective crisis management, experts said, rare in the Chinese corporate world where companies tend to hunker down in the face of adverse news and allow events to play out. RYB appeared to have taken  some good corrective actions , said James Robinson, managing director of communications consultancy APCO Worldwide s Shanghai office, adding a well-oiled response and open channels of communication with government stakeholders were key.  It s essential for companies to respond swiftly, even if it s just to acknowledge they are aware of an issue and are investigating further.  Led by chief executive and founder Shi Yanlai, a vocal proponent for China s early child education sector, RYB appeared to have hit all the right buttons last week.  When I heard the news, I was personally shocked and very angry,  Shi said in an investors call on Friday.     This issue has struck an alarm bell for us,  she said,  adding the firm would look to speed up the installation of  blanket surveillance  tools at its schools and day care centres. RYB announced a $50 million share buyback and said it had dismissed a teacher suspected of involvement in the case as well as the head teacher of the Beijing school.      Shi helped set up RYB in 1998 when her own son was born. It now has over 1,300 play and learn centres and nearly 500 kindergartens in around 300 cities in China. Most are operated on a franchise model.  As the case became a lighting rod for wider anger in China about a lack of trained teachers, low wages and poor regulatory oversight in the massive and fast-growing private pre-school sector, Shi underscored that she was a mother herself and repeated frequently in local media interviews that the children were the top priority. On Wednesday, the kindergarten in Beijing was operating as normal, with parents milling around waiting for children to finish class. A handful of police officers were the only sign of last week s troubles. At the company s headquarters in southern Beijing, an RYB  official said the police had only released their preliminary findings and that the firm could not provide comment until the investigation had finished. Shi also refused to comment for this story. Teachers, investors and experts said RYB had so far had got off fairly lightly, with a lot of the anger being aimed at regulators and wider issues in the market. Beijing is sending inspectors to the city s kindergartens, while China s education ministry is doing a broad investigation into the sector.  I m not really surprised,  wrote Zhang Xiaolong, an education sector executive who has half a million followers online, referring to Tuesday s recovery in RYB s shares.  After such a serious issue, the government hasn t taken away RYB s license to operate schools, and so it seems like it s being treated like an isolated incident.  Teachers in China said the furor over the case - hundreds of millions posted online about it last week - reflected bubbling tensions over the fast development of the private pre-school sector and a lack of resources for teachers.  Thresholds for kindergarten teachers getting into the profession are too low; but also status, social recognition and levels of respect for the role are lacking,  said Zhong Qian, the head of a private kindergarten in Chengdu.  Increasingly there s a mismatch between the demand from students and the need for teachers.  RYB has survived similar scandals in the past, at another of its Beijing kindergartens earlier this year and before that at a nursery in northern Jilin province. Before it listed shares in New York in September, its IPO prospectus flagged abuse by teachers as a risk. Teachers and academics, however, said that it was tough to stamp out abuse, especially at franchised, private-sector schools where competition was tough, requirements and checks on teachers were less strict and salaries were low.  It s often one of the poorest paid professions in China, certainly right down bottom of the pay scale,  said Geoffrey Crothall, communications director at China Labour Bulletin.  Schools often just want bodies in there who can supervise kids and pay them as little as possible.  The state-run Global Times wrote on Wednesday that even after the police report, there was still fierce criticism online of the case.   As often is the case when authorities intercede in a case that has touched a nerve about people s welfare, a raging debate has continued to ferment,  the newspaper wrote in a commentary. Robinson, the communications consultant, added:  For RYB, it seems they ve taken some good corrective actions, but I don t know whether it s enough. The facts are still emerging.  ",1
13568,Judges uphold Bosnian Croat convictions in last verdict of Yugoslav war tribunal,"THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Appeals judges at the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal upheld on Wednesday the convictions of six Bosnian Croats found guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity during the 1990s, in the court s last verdict before it closes next month. The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY), established by the United Nations in 1993, is due to close when its mandate expires at the end of the year. The six former high-level politicians and defense officials were convicted in 2013 of participating in an  ethnic cleansing  campaign against Bosnian Muslims.  They include Jadranko Prlic, a former defense minister, whose 25 year jail sentence was upheld on Wednesday.  He had been found guilty of being part of a criminal enterprise by the wartime Croatian government of late President Franjo Tudjman, to create an ethnically pure state. Zagreb, which maintained it had  clean hands  in the bloody 1992-95 war in Bosnia, had wanted that finding overturned.      However the appeals chamber concluded that it was not shown that the earlier judges had  misinterpreted relevant evidence  of Tudjman and Zagreb s confirmed Croatia s role in the Bosnian conflict. Several convictions for specific crimes for Prlic and the five others were reversed in the appeal, but president Judge Carmel Agius said  all six remain convicted of numerous and very serious crimes.  ",1
13569,Israel to appoint new envoy to Jordan in bid to heal ties - source,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel plans to appoint a new ambassador to Jordan in a bid to calm Amman s anger over the current envoy s handling of a shooting by an embassy guard in July that has strained relations, an Israeli diplomatic source said on Wednesday.  But Israel has shown no sign of meeting Jordan s demand that it launch criminal proceedings against the guard, who killed two Jordanians in what he called self-defence. He was repatriated along with Ambassador Einat Schlein a day after the incident.  Jordanian authorities say they suspect the shooting was unprovoked but could not investigate the guard due to his diplomatic immunity. A televised welcome he and Schlein received from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu outraged Amman. Since Schlein s departure on July 24 the embassy has been shuttered, casting a pall over Israel s ties with Jordan, a U.S.-backed regional security partner and one of only two Arab countries that recognise Israel. The 1994 peace deal with Israel is unpopular among many Jordanians, who often identify with the Palestinians.  An Israeli diplomatic source, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Schlein would not return.  The Jordanians don t want her back, and this has been a big obstacle in patching things up,  the source said.  We re looking for a replacement.  Emmanuel Nahshon, spokesman for Israel s Foreign Ministry, said:  We are working on a solution that will bring the relations back on track.  Israel says the guard opened fire after being attacked and lightly wounded by a workman, killing him and a Jordanian bystander. Israeli officials have said they were looking into the possibility of compensating the family of the second man.  They say it is highly unlikely Israel would prosecute the guard, as demanded by Jordan. His prospects of continued work in Israeli diplomatic security abroad were in doubt, however, after a Jordanian newspaper published his name and photograph. Israel s consulates in Turkey have been handling Jordanian applications for Israeli visas since the incident. ",1
13570,Factbox: What progress? EU's price for Brexit breakthrough,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union has given Prime Minister Theresa May until Monday to raise Britain s offer of divorce terms if she wants EU leaders to open talks next month on a future free trade pact.  Britain has moved  close  to the EU demands on money, EU diplomats said on Wednesday, but there are concerns that differences remain on other key conditions. These are the key points EU officials and diplomats say she must be ready to concede when she visits Brussels on Dec. 4. The EU estimated at some 60 billion euros ($71 billion) what Britain should pay to cover outstanding obligations on leaving in March 2019. May has promised that the other 27 states will not lose out financially before the end of 2020   an indication Britain will maintain its current roughly 10 billion-euro annual payment to the EU during a two-year post-Brexit transition. The EU wants May to commit to paying a fair share of two big budget lines after 2020   funds for projects approved during Britain s membership but not yet disbursed, and staff pensions. EU diplomats said negotiators had in recent days received assurances that this was the case and British newspapers put the offer at very roughly 50 billion euros. Phil Hogan, Ireland s EU commissioner, said Britain s new proposals  go very close towards meeting the requirements  of the EU. However, May s spokesman dismissed as  speculation  the British media reports. Both sides insist there can be no agreement on a hard figure yet and much will depend on future economic developments. But observers will be quick to make ballpark calculations. And EU leaders are set on binding May to a written commitment to pay specific elements of the bill to avoid haggling later on. The second of three conditions, on all of which  sufficient progress  must be recorded, that may now be the least problematic. However, the EU is still seeking further commitments from May that the rights of EU citizens in Britain after Brexit will be guaranteed under EU judicial supervision, not just British   still a potential stumbling block to Britain s agreement.  EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier repeated on Wednesday that European Court of Justice supervision was essential. Member states, some of which have taken a tougher line than the Brussels negotiators, insist Britain also make concessions on family reunion rules and social benefits. The EU wants more detail on a British pledge to avoid a  hard border  at the new land frontier on the island of Ireland that might disrupt peace in Northern Ireland. London says the detail depends on the future trade agreement, which the EU will not discuss until after agreeing on sufficient progress. But Dublin has stepped up its complaints that assurances of good intentions from Britain do not go far enough. EU officials say the broad possible outlines of a trade pact are already obvious and mean that a hard border can only be avoided if commercial regulation remains identical on either side. One solution would be for Northern Ireland to stay in a customs union with the EU. But Britain, and May s crucial Northern Irish parliamentary allies, insist there should be no new barriers between Northern Ireland and the British mainland. The EU says that means the whole of the United Kingdom would then have to maintain regulatory conformity, something Brexit campaigners do not want. Brussels and Dublin say Northern Ireland already has some different rules from Great Britain. On Friday, Dec. 1, EU national envoys expect an update from Barnier and the negotiators. On Dec. 6, two days after May meets Barnier and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, the EU-27 envoys meet to start drafting the conclusions for a summit on Dec. 14-15. They may need a whole week to secure all states  agreement that there is  sufficient progress    or not. At the summit, if they agree to move ahead, the 27 leaders could immediately discuss the roughly two-year transition period May has asked for   which the EU says will mean Britain taking all EU rules but having no say in making them. They would also ask officials to complete work on formal negotiating guidelines for a future trade deal. There would need to be some weeks of further internal preparation in the EU before trade talks start. Even with sufficient progress, detailed negotiation on the divorce deal   or Withdrawal Treaty   will continue. Barnier hopes to have a text by October or November next year to give time for ratification by the European Parliament by Brexit Day. Barnier has said a trade deal could be launched by January 2021 if talks start after Christmas. But many EU diplomats say Britain may need further transition terms before one is ready. ",1
13571,British PM May meets Iraqi PM Abadi in Baghdad,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May met with her Iraqi counterpart Haider al-Abadi in Baghdad on Wednesday, an Iraqi government spokesman said, her first visit to Iraq since coming to power last year. Britain is a main partner in the U.S.-led coalition helping Iraq defeat Islamic State, the hardline Sunni group that overran about a third of Iraq in 2014. The British government said in September that there were around 600 British soldiers on the ground in Iraq.  They are primarily involved in training Iraqi security forces in battle-winning infantry, engineering and combat medical techniques, as well as providing courses on other skills including countering improvised explosive devices. Britain provided over 1,400 military personnel as part of its three-year involvement in the U.S.-led coalition.  Iraqi-British relations are witnessing a marked improvement. We thank the British government for its support of Iraq in all fields, chiefly cooperation against terrorism, air support, and intelligence,  Abadi said in a news conference. Britain had also helped Iraq on the issue of those who were internally displaced as a result of the Islamic State takeover and the subsequent campaign by Iraqi forces to dislodge the militants, he said.  We will continue to support Iraq as a partner in order to enforce security, building, and stability, as well as in training Iraqi forces and efforts to return the displaced,  Abadi s office quoted May as saying. The two leaders discussed British investments in Iraq. May pledged in a news conference to provide 20 million pounds  ($26.8 million) in support of human rights and 30 million towards stabilization efforts and reforms. Britain agreed in March to arrange 10 billion pounds in loans to finance infrastructure projects in Iraq over a 10 year period, a program that would only benefit British companies. May  affirmed her support for Iraq s unity  and called on the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) to  respect a united Iraq in all fields,  Abadi s office said in a statement. She said in a news conference, through a translator, that she wanted to see  a united and inclusive Iraq . Iraq s Kurds voted overwhelmingly to break away from Iraq in a Sept. 25 referendum, defying the central government in Baghdad and alarming neighboring Turkey and Iran who have their own Kurdish minorities. The Iraqi government responded by seizing the Kurdish-held city of Kirkuk and other territory disputed between the Kurds and the central government. It also banned direct flights to Kurdistan and demanded control over border crossings. Long-serving Kurdish president Masoud Barzani stepped down over the affair and the regional government led by his nephew Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani has tried to negotiate an end to the confrontation. A KRG spokesman told Reuters there were no plans for May to visit the region s capital Erbil. ($1 = 0.7463 pounds) ",1
13572,China's Xi tells Trump maintaining peace in Korean peninsula is China's unswerving goal,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping told his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump that it is Beijing s unswerving goal to maintain peace and stability in Northeast Asia and denuclearize the Korean peninsula, the official Xinhua news agency said on Wednesday. Xi made the comments in a phone conversation with Trump, who urged the Chinese leader to exert pressure on North Korea after Pyongyang said it successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile. ",1
13573,"Trump, after talk with China's Xi, says North Korea faces more sanctions",WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday said additional major sanctions would be imposed on North Korea after Pyongyang said it had tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile and that its nuclear weapons could reach the U.S. mainland.  Just spoke to President Xi Jinping of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!  Trump wrote in a post on Twitter. He gave no other details about the sanctions. ,1
13574,"Factbox: Who are Britain First, whose leader's posts Trump re-tweeted?","LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has re-tweeted anti-Islam videos originally posted by Jayda Fransen, a leader of a far-right British party convicted earlier in November of abusing a Muslim woman.  Fransen is deputy leader of the anti-immigrant Britain First group. Here are some details about her organization:  Britain First was founded in 2011 by leader Paul Golding with a membership of three individuals. It describes itself as a  patriotic political party and street movement , although critics denounce it as a far-right, racist organization.  Britain First is committed to preserving our ancestral ethnic and cultural heritage, traditions, customs and values,  it says on its website.   It wants to deport all illegal immigrants, halt all further immigration, and introduce  a comprehensive ban on the religion of Islam  with headscarves being outlawed in public.  Anyone found to be promoting the ideology of Islam will be subject to deportation or imprisonment,  its policy platform states.   It holds protests across the country, usually attended by a couple of hundred supporters at most, many of whom hold white crosses because the group argues Christianity in Britain is being threatened by immigration and the growth of militant Islam.  Golding was a former senior figure in the far-right British National Party and was elected a local councillor in 2009. In his biography on the group s website it says he was  sent to prison in 2016 for confronting a Muslim hate preacher who was secretly recorded saying it s okay for Muslims to keep sex slaves .  Golding stood for election as London mayor in May 2016, winning 31,372 votes, 1.2 percent of all cast.  Fransen, who was elected deputy leader in 2014, was convicted of religiously aggravated harassment in November 2017, and both she and Golding are facing further similar charges.   The group gained prominence in June 2016 when Labour lawmaker Jo Cox was shot dead on the street by a Nazi-obsessed loner who witnesses said had been shouting  Britain first  during the attack. Fransen told Reuters the killer had nothing to do with her group.  ",1
13575,Senior Saudi prince freed in $1 billion settlement agreement: official,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Senior Saudi Arabian prince Miteb bin Abdullah, once seen as a leading contender to the throne, has been freed after agreeing to pay over $1 billion to settle corruption allegations against him, a Saudi official said on Wednesday. Miteb, 65, son of the late King Abdullah and former head of the elite National Guard, was among dozens of royal family members, high officials and senior businessmen rounded up this month in a crackdown on graft that has strengthened the power of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. The official, who is involved in the crackdown and spoke on condition of anonymity, said Miteb was released on Tuesday after reaching  an acceptable settlement agreement . The official said he believed the agreed sum to be the equivalent of over $1 billion.  It is understood that the settlement included admitting corruption involving known cases,  the official said, without giving details. According to the official, Prince Miteb was accused of embezzlement, hiring ghost employees and awarding contracts to his own firms, including a deal for walkie talkies and bulletproof military gear. Prince Miteb is the first senior figure known to be released among those detained. Around 200 people in total have been questioned in the crackdown, authorities said earlier this month. The allegations, which include kickbacks, inflating government contracts, extortion and bribery, could not be independently verified. Saudi authorities, who estimate they could eventually recover around $100 billion of illicit funds, have been working on reaching agreements with suspects detained at Riyadh s luxurious Ritz Carlton hotel, asking them to hand over assets and cash in return for their freedom. Apart from Miteb, the Saudi official said that at least three other suspects had finalised settlement agreements and that the public prosecutor had decided to release several individuals.  The prosecutor has decided to put at least five people on trial, the official said without disclosing their identities. The fate of billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, chairman of investment firm Kingdom Holding 4280.SE and one of Saudi Arabia s most prominent international businessmen, was not known.  Kingdom issued a statement earlier this month saying it was continuing to operate normally but has not responded to queries about his status since he was detained early this month. Two Saudi sources told Reuters that Prince Alwaleed has so far refused to reach a settlement and had asked for access to his lawyer in order to fight allegations against him. Relatives, his lawyer and officials in his office could not be contacted to comment.   Saudi Arabia s stock market .TASI, where many investors have been alarmed by the corruption probe, rose after news of the settlements by Prince Miteb and others. The main index was trading 0.4 percent higher around midday on Wednesday. The settlements may mean authorities can soon wind down parts of the probe, reducing the risk of damage to the economy through the freezing of hundreds of bank accounts, and easing the danger that firms linked to detainees could be affected. Officials from Prince Miteb s office could not be reached for comment about his release, and it was unclear if he was able to move freely or whether he would be put under house arrest. An acquaintance of the family said earlier on his Twitter account that Prince Miteb was receiving brothers and sons at his palace in Riyadh.  The arrests of royals and top businessmen have been welcomed by many Saudis who are frustrated by corruption, but the crackdown is also seen by many people as a pre-emptive step by Prince Mohammed to remove any possible challenge to his control over the world s top oil exporting country. The round-up follows a meticulously planned palace coup in June through which Prince Mohammed ousted his elder cousin Prince Mohammed bin Nayef as heir to the throne. Prince Miteb, as overlord of the 100,000-strong National Guard, represented the last great competing power center left after the toppling of Prince Mohammed bin Nayef. In September, religious and intellectual critics of the government were jailed. ",1
13576,Trump urges China's Xi to convince North Korea to end provocations: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday called on Chinese President Xi Jinping to exert Beijing s pressure on North Korea after Pyongyang said it successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile, the White House said.  Trump emphasized the need for China to use all available levers to convince North Korea to end its provocations and return to the path of denuclearization,  the White House said in its statement after the two leaders spoke earlier on Wednesday.  ",1
13577,"GCC summit to go ahead despite Qatar row, diplomats say","KUWAIT (Reuters) - An annual summit of Gulf Arab heads of state will convene in Kuwait on Dec. 5 and 6, Gulf officials said on Wednesday, despite an ongoing dispute between some members of group. A rift between the Gulf Cooperation Council members Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates (UAE), on one side, and Qatar on the other has put this year s annual meeting in doubt. A senior Kuwaiti official confirmed on Wednesday that the meeting would take place on Dec. 5 and 6, but said the level of representation was not clear yet. Two Gulf diplomats also said Kuwait, which had led unsuccessful mediation efforts between the two sides, would try again to use the meeting to resolve the rift. The crisis, which began in June, revolve around allegations by Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt that Qatar supports terrorism, a charge Doha denies. Qatar says the four countries are trying to force Doha to fall in line with their own foreign policy views. The U.S.-allied council was founded in 1980 as a bulwark against bigger neighbors Iran and Iraq. Bahrain said last month it will not attend the summit if Qatar does not change its policies and Qatar should have its membership in the six-nation group suspended. ",1
13578,Greece charges nine over links to banned Turkish group,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Nine Turkish citizens were charged in Greece with terrorism-related offences on Wednesday, accused of hoarding explosives and of links to an outlawed militant organization responsible for suicide bombings in Turkey. The arrest of eight men and a woman in early-morning raids at three locations in central Athens on Tuesday came days before an expected state visit by Tayyip Erdogan, the first by a Turkish president to Greece in 65 years. Greece says the two events are unrelated.  Police officials said they were being questioned for alleged links to the leftist DHKP/C, a far-left group blamed for a string of attacks and suicide bombings in Turkey since 1990.  Their lawyer said the individuals, who have not been named, were  struggling against a fascist regime  and had denied any wrongdoing.  They were charged with setting up and being members of a criminal organization, terrorist-related acts of supply and possession of explosive materials, illegal possession of firearms, smoke bombs and fire crackers, court sources said. The individuals, escorted handcuffed into a central Athens court wearing bullet proof vests, have not entered a formal plea.   They are refugees,  lawyer Alexandra Zorbala said.  Some have sought, others have received asylum ... they are fighters who are struggling against a fascist regime, against torture and thousands of arrests.  . One of the charges they face is resisting arrest. At least one of the defendants entered the courthouse with a black eye. One of the detainees had been wanted by Greek police in connection with an arms and explosives haul off the Greek island of Chios, close to the Turkish coast, in 2013.    Turkey s Erdogan is widely expected to visit Greece in December, although his visit has not been officially announced. ",1
13579,"Czech government resigns, making way for election winner Babis","PRAGUE (Reuters) - The Czech center-left government of Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka stepped down on Wednesday, making way for billionaire Andrej Babis, who won an election last month, to take power in time for an EU summit in December.  The government approved its resignation, the resignation will be delivered to the president today,  Sobotka told reporters after a regular government session.   Sobotka s coalition government was the first in 15 years to complete a full four-year term and presided over robust economic growth that helped cut unemployment to the lowest level in the EU and push up wages at the fastest pace in a decade. However, voters tired of politics as usual opted for anti-establishment candidates, punishing traditional parties at the polls. Babis s ANO party, with pledges to fight political corruption and run the state with a business touch, was the biggest benefactor of this shift despite being part of the outgoing cabinet with Sobotka s Social Democrats and the Christian Democrats. ANO has failed to convince any of the other eight parliamentary parties to join a coalition. Babis has instead sought a minority cabinet, expected to be appointed by President Milos Zeman on Dec. 13 and take power immediately. This would enable Babis to attend the summit of EU leaders on Dec. 14-15, where the main topic will be progress in negotiations with Britain over its departure from the EU. Parties have shunned Babis, a businessman worth $4 billion and ranked by Forbes as the second richest Czech, because of police charges he illegally received a 2 million euro EU subsidy a decade ago for a farm and convention center by hiding ownership. He denies any wrongdoing. As a lawmaker, he has immunity from prosecution, which the outgoing parliament voted to suspend but which comes into effect again with the new parliament. Some lawmakers who voted to allow him to face prosecution in the past have hinted they will uphold his immunity, suspending proceedings for this parliamentary term. Only the small Communist party has said so far that it could consider tolerating Babis s minority government, but its 15 votes are not enough to secure victory in a confidence vote in the 200-seat Chamber of Deputies, where ANO holds 78 seats. Initial votes in the new parliament have shown ANO voting along with the Communists as well as the far-right, anti-EU and anti-NATO SPD party, but the latter has so far said it would not give backing or tolerance to Babis in a confidence vote.     Once appointed prime minister, Babis would remain in the position even if he loses a confidence vote, pending talks on an alternative solution. ",1
13580,Courtroom where war crimes defendant drank 'poison' now crime scene: judge,"THE HAGUE (Reuters) - Dutch police have declared the courtroom where a Bosnian Croat war crimes defendant said he drank poison on Wednesday during his appeals verdict a crime scene, the presiding judge said. Slobodan Praljak, 72, was receiving medical treatment while judge Carmel Agius continued to read the judgment in the final case the United Nations Yugoslav tribunal will hear before it closes next month. ",1
13581,Danish divers find arm assumed to be that of dismembered journalist: police,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Divers searching waters near Copenhagen found a second arm on Wednesday that police said probably belonged to Swedish journalist Kim Wall, who died in August on board a Danish inventor s submarine. The divers found Wall s left arm on Nov. 21 in the same area of Koge Bay near the Danish capital. Police said the second arm, like the first one, had been weighed down by pieces of metal to prevent it floating to the surface.  The arm has not been investigated yet but it was found in the same area where we found the first arm and it was weighed down in the same way,  police spokesman Jens Moller Jensen said in a statement. Coroners will examine the arm on Thursday. Danish inventor Peter Madsen has admitted to dismembering Wall on board his submarine and dumping her body parts in the sea, but he denies murdering her and also denies a charge of sexual assault without intercourse. Wall, a freelance journalist who was researching a story on Madsen, went missing after he took her out to sea in his homebuilt 17-metre (56-foot) submarine in August. Wall s cause of death has yet to be determined.  On Aug. 23, police identified a headless female torso that washed ashore in Copenhagen as Wall s. In October, police said they had recovered her head and legs. ",1
13582,German court rules 'bookkeeper of Auschwitz' fit to go to jail,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A German court ruled on Wednesday that a 96-year-old German known as the  bookkeeper of Auschwitz  was fit to go to prison, rejecting his plea for the sentence to be suspended. Oskar Groening, who is physically frail, was sentenced to four years in prison in 2015 for his role in the murder of 300,000 people at the Nazi death camp Auschwitz. However, he had not started serving his sentence due to a legal argument about his health. Prosecutors said in August that a medical examination showed Groening was fit to start serving his prison sentence, though Groening s lawyer disputed that. On Wednesday a court in the northern German town of Celle said:  The higher regional court thinks, based on expert opinion, that the convicted man is able to serve his term despite his advanced age.  It said enforcing Groening s sentence would not breach his fundamental rights and added that special needs related to his age could be catered for in prison. In a 2015 court battle seen as one of the last major Holocaust trials, prosecutors said although Groening did not kill anyone himself while working at Auschwitz, in Nazi-occupied Poland, he helped support the regime responsible for mass murder by sorting bank notes seized from trainloads of arriving Jews. Groening, who admitted he was morally guilty, said he was an enthusiastic Nazi when he was sent to work at Auschwitz in 1942, at the age of 21.  Some 6 million Jews were murdered during the Holocaust carried out under Adolf Hitler. ",1
13583,British negotiators still working on Brexit deal: Treasury minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - British negotiators are still working out a deal with the European Union, Treasury minister Liz Truss said on Wednesday, calling reports that the government has agreed a sum of money to pay the Brexit bill  media speculation . Truss told parliament that  nothing is agreed until everything is agreed  in the talks for Britain to leave the EU, saying it would be wrong of her to cut across the ongoing negotiations in Brussels by commenting on the reports. ",1
13584,Zimbabwean pastor found not guilty of subversion,"HARARE (Reuters) - A Zimbabwean court found a pastor not guilty on Wednesday of attempting to subvert the government in a case seen as a barometer of judicial independence under new President Emmerson Mnangagwa. Evan Mawarire was a strident critic of former President Robert Mugabe who resigned last week after 37 years in power week under pressure from the army and ruling ZANU-PF party. Mawarire s #ThisFlag movement last year organized the biggest protests in a decade against Mugabe over a deteriorating economy, cash shortages and accusations of government corruption. He was arrested in September and faced up to 20 years in jail if convicted. Mugabe s critics say he used the courts as a tool of repression. They want to see if Mnangagwa s government breaks with the past, particularly given that he served in Mugabe s administration since independence from Britain in 1980. Amnesty International said in a statement they hoped that the ruling represents a new beginning for the country. Mawarire said he would keep up the pressure.  If they (the new government) do to us what Robert Mugabe s government did to us, we will do the same thing to them that we have done to Robert Mugabe,  Mawarire told reporters in court room soon after High Court Judge Priscilla Chigumba s judgment.  This could be evidence of a freer Zimbabwe but this case had no legs to stand on. I think a lot more needs to be seen to determine whether this is a free judiciary going forward,  he said. Chigumba said state prosecutors failed to show evidence that Mawarire s actions were a criminal offense. She also found him not guilty of inciting people to commit public violence.  He urged passive resistance, he urged prayers for peace. How can prayers for peace be considered an unconstitutional means of removing a constitutional government?  said Chigumba. There was a sigh of relief from the handful of people in court when the ruling was made. Mnangagwa must address a crisis facing Zimbabwe s economy that includes balance of payments problems and rampant inflation and steer the country towards an election next year. Britain could take steps to stabilize Zimbabwe s currency system and extend a bridging loan to help it clear World Bank and African Development Bank arrears, but such support depends on  democratic progress , Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said.  Those are indeed the things that we would try to do to help Zimbabwe forward, but we ve got to see how the democratic process unfolds,  he said on Wednesday on the sidelines of an African Union-EU summit in Abidjan. ",1
13585,Irish PM says progress being made in Brexit border talks,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Progress is being made in talks between Britain and the EU on how to avoid setting up a physical infrastructure on Northern Ireland s border after the United Kingdom leaves the EU in 2019, Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Wednesday.  I think it is fair to say that progress is being made but not that is sufficient at this stage,  Varadkar told parliament.   We are not at a decision point at the moment. Things are changing on a daily basis and are rapidly evolving,  he said.   The EU has named the border as one of three issues on which  sufficient progress  must be made in order to allow progress to talks on a future trade agreement with Britain, crucial for British businesses. ",1
13586,No Brexit deal would be 'a very bad deal' warns EU's Barnier,"BERLIN (Reuters) - European Union chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Wednesday that the bloc had to be, and was, united in dealing with Britain on its withdrawal from the bloc and warned that failure to reach agreement would be very bad.  No deal would be a very bad deal,  Barnier said, switching from French to English in a speech to Germany s BDA employers association. It was his third speech to a German audience on Brexit in the day so far.  Barnier also said he hoped to have made progress on the principles of Britain s divorce from the EU by next week and that London knew it could not have one foot in the single market and one foot out of it. ",1
13587,"North Korea says ICBM test used new launch vehicle, showed successful warhead re-entry","SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said a new intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) it test-fired on Wednesday was launched from a newly developed vehicle and that the its warhead could withstand the pressure of re-entering the earth s atmosphere.    North Korean leader Kim Jong Un personally guided the missile test and said the new launcher was  impeccable , state media said. He described the new vehicle as a  breakthrough . Observers and analysts have cast doubt on North Korea s ability to master the technology needed to design a warhead capable of withstanding the enormous pressure of re-entry into the earth s atmosphere and suggested the isolated country may still be years away from developing a credible delivery vehicle for a nuclear weapon. But Wednesday s launch re-confirmed  the safety of a warhead in the atmospheric re-entry environment,  state media said, without elaborating. ",1
13588,ICRC buying fuel to pump clean water in Yemen as 'last resort',"GENEVA (Reuters) - The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said on Wednesday it was making a  stop-gap  purchase of fuel so as to provide clean water to one million people in the Yemeni cities of Hodeidah and Taiz for one month. The fuel shortage in Yemen has become  critical  under the Saudi-led coalition s blockade, partially lifted this week, leaving water systems in nine cities without fuel to run pumps, ICRC spokeswoman Iolanda Jaquemet said.  As a last resort and in light of the large and urgent needs...we are purchasing fuel to supply the urban water corporations in Hodeidah and Taiz with fuel, enough to operate their water pumps for one month,  Jaquemet told Reuters. The ICRC is buying 750,000 liters of fuel for the two cities, she said, calling it  an exceptional stop-gap measure . The lack of fuel has a  cascading impact on several vital sectors  - water and sanitation as well as health and food, as prices have risen sharply, she said. Fuel is needed to transport goods and run hospital generators and maintain cold chains for vaccines and medicines. Saudi Arabia and its allies closed air, land and sea access to the Arabian Peninsula country on Nov. 6, to stop what it calls a flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. The action came after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired towards its capital Riyadh.  Iran has denied supplying the Houthis with weapons. A first aid ship, carrying 5,500 tonnes of flour docked in the Houthi-controlled port of Hodeidah on the Red Sea on Sunday.  Humanitarian aid has started coming in and it s a very welcome first step but we need commercial imports,  Jaquemet said.  ICRC trucks have brought medical material into Yemen this week, mainly badly needed dialysis material, she said.  A shipment of kits for treating trauma patients is expected to berth in Aden shortly, she added.  These war-wounded kits will enable surgeries for over 400 people and are to be distributed to 10 hospitals and 15 field hospitals across north and south Yemen.  The ICRC is stepping up assistance to combat an outbreak of diphtheria in Ibb governorate, including protective equipment for hospital staff to avoid spread of the highly-infectious respiratory disease, she said. Some suspected cases and 20 deaths have been recorded in 13 governorates, more than 80 percent in Ibb, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday. Yemen is also reeling from a cholera epidemic, with 960,065 suspected cases and 2,219 deaths reported since April, according to the latest WHO figures. ",1
13589,Banks view turning branches to subsidiaries as Brexit 'red line',"LONDON (Reuters) - Foreign banks in Britain view any attempt to make them convert their branches to subsidiaries after Brexit as a  red line  which would likely cause them to rethink their presence in the country, an industry report said on Wednesday.      Deputy Governor of the Bank of England Sam Woods said earlier this year that branches of European Union banks in London might have to apply to become subsidiaries after Britain leaves, a costly exercise that involves building up capital and reserves locally.   Several European banks base the bulk of their investment banking activities, such as sales and trading, in London, operating via a branch structure that relies on capital held by their parent and are mainly supervised by their home regulator.  A requirement to subsidiarize was a clear  red line  for most branches, with both EU and non- EU branches confirming that a subsidiarization approach would cause them to reassess their presence in the UK, possibly leading to the closure of the UK branch,  the report by the Association of Foreign Banks (AFB) and law firm Norton Rose Fulbright found after surveying senior executives from global banks. Woods has said that he will have to decide by Christmas if branches of EU financial firms in London must convert to subsidiaries and be directly supervised by the (Prudential Regulation Authority) PRA. British regulators have been comfortable with this situation with Britain as part of the EU, but once Britain leaves they will want these banks to have enough capital to support their business and ensure that British taxpayers are not left footing the bill in a crisis. The focus so far has been on banks based in Britain applying for licenses to operate on the continent once Britain leaves the EU.  Deutsche Bank has 9,000 staff based in Britain, while BNP Paribas has around 6,500 staff in the country, where it bases the bulk of its investment banking business and Societe Generale has some 4,000 staff in Britain.  A significant majority of EU branch respondents said that enforced subsidiarization would cause them to reconsider their presence in the UK, with the two most likely outcomes being reallocation of regulated activity into the EU, or closure of London branches and withdrawal from the UK altogether,  the report added.  A report from Boston Consulting has estimated the switch to a full subsidiary structure could cost European banks around 40 billion euros ($47 billion) in extra capital Some respondents said that one solution would be to allow branches to continue operating where the parent entity is in a similarly regulated market and only insist on subsidiary status if there was UK deposit taking activity. ",1
13590,Turkey to do whatever necessary if banking sector affected by U.S. trial: Simsek,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek said on Wednesday Turkey will do whatever is necessary if its banking sector is affected by the U.S. trial of a Turkish bank executive in a case regarding a conspiracy to evade U.S. sanctions against Iran. Speaking at a conference in Istanbul, Simsek said Turkey s banking sector has a great capacity to deal with shocks. ",1
13591,Philippine troops kill 14 Maoist rebels in clash: army,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine soldiers have killed 14 Maoist guerrillas in an offensive south of the capital, Manila, an army officer said on Wednesday, days after President Rodrigo Duterte ended peace talks with the rebels. More than 40,000 people had been killed in nearly 50 years of fighting between the leftist guerrillas and government forces, a conflict that has stunted economic growth in resource-rich rural areas. Duterte, who took power last year, had raised hopes for peace with the communists as well as with Muslim insurgents in the south of the predominantly Roman Catholic country, but peace has proved elusive.  This is a big blow to their organization,  Major Mikko Magisa, executive officer of the army s 202nd Brigade, told reporters, referring to the late Tuesday clash in Batangas province. Five soldiers had been wounded in the 20-minute clash involving army and air force commandoes, he said. The bodies of 13 rebels were found, including a suspected secretary and a platoon leader of the guerrilla unit, he said. One of two wounded rebels who were captured died in hospital. Duterte signed a proclamation ending peace talks with the communists last week after complaining that rebel violence had continued during the negotiations. Talks, which have been held intermittently since 1986, were revived in August last year, and were brokered by Norway. Government troops have been ordered to be on alert for movements by the estimated 3,800 leftist guerrillas, military officials have said.               Government troops have in recent months been engaged in the biggest battle in the Philippines since World War Two, with Islamist militants who occupied a southern town for several months. (Amends to show peace has been elusive, paragraph three) ",1
13592,Barnier says 'still working' on Brexit terms with Britain,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The European Union s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Wednesday he was  still working  to reach agreement with Britain about its exit from the bloc.   We are still working. (That is) the only comment I can make,  Barnier said after a speech at the Berlin Security Conference, when asked about reports that Britain had offered to pay much of what the EU was demanding to settle a Brexit  divorce bill .  I am working for an agreement,  Barnier told Reuters. ",1
13593,Britain close to deal on Brexit bill with EU - sources,"BRUSSELS/LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has offered to pay much of what the European Union was demanding to settle a Brexit  divorce bill , bringing the two sides close to agreement on a key obstacle to opening talks on a future free trade pact, EU sources said on Tuesday. The offer, which British newspapers valued at around 50 billion euros (44.3 billion pounds), reflected the bulk of outstanding EU demands that include London paying a share of post-Brexit EU spending on commitments made before Britain leaves in March 2019 as well as funding of EU staff pensions for decades to come. A British government official said they  do not recognise  this account of the talks going on ahead of a visit by Prime Minister Theresa May to Brussels this coming Monday. EU officials close to the negotiations stressed that work was still continuing ahead of May s talks with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and his chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier. But EU diplomats briefed on progress said the British offer was promising and that, on the financial settlement, the two sides were, as one said,  close to a deal . Nonetheless, others cautioned that Britain had yet to make a fully committed offer and that essential agreement from the other 27 member states could not yet be taken for granted. The EU set the condition of  significant progress  on three key elements of a withdrawal treaty before it would accede to London s request for negotiations on a free trade pact that could keep business flowing after Brexit in 16 months. It set a deadline of Monday for that progress to be made if EU leaders were to give a green light at a summit on Dec. 14-15. On the issue of the rights of EU citizens in Britain, EU negotiators are still pressing Britain to accept that European judges should have a final say on enforcing those rights. If the financial settlement, which many British businesses have argued May should make in order to avoid a disruptive  cliff edge  departure from the single market, is forthcoming, the thorniest outstanding issue is that of the Irish border.  Ireland remains the most difficult issue,  a senior EU diplomat said after Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar avoided a disruptive snap election when his deputy resigned on Tuesday at the insistence of the party propping up his minority government. Britain has yet to satisfy EU - including Irish - demands that it clarify how it would avoid a  hard border  with customs posts on land between Northern Ireland and the EU. Many fear that would disturb the fragile peace in the British province.  On the Brexit bill, Juncker has estimated Britain would owe roughly 60 billion euros. EU officials say Brussels is willing to work with May to massage those figures in order to help her win backing from hardline Brexit supporters who have in the past insisted that Britain owes Brussels nothing. Britain s Financial Times said London agreed to assume liabilities worth up to 100 billion euros, but said net payments over many decades could fall to less than half that amount. The European Commission declined to comment. Britain s Brexit ministry said  intensive talks  were continuing and the two sides were trying to find a way to  build on recent momentum in the talks  to take them to the next stage. Sterling rallied around 1 percent against the U.S. dollar as investors took the reports as a sign that the risk of Britain leaving the EU without a deal, which is widely seen as damaging to the economy, had diminished. ",1
13594,"Kremlin: stay calm, but new North Korea missile test a provocative act","MOSCOW (Reuters) - The latest test of a new North Korean intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) is a provocative act, Russia said on Wednesday, calling on all sides involved to stay calm to avoid a clash. North Korea said it successfully tested a powerful new ICBM on Wednesday that put the entire U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. The latest test was the highest and longest any North Korean missile had flown, landing in the sea near Japan.  Certainly, this new missile launch is a provocative act, which provokes further growth in tension and which moves us further away from the point where a settlement of the crisis can begin,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on a conference call with reporters. North Korea s first missile test since mid-September came a week after U.S. President Donald Trump put North Korea back on a U.S. list of countries it says support terrorism, allowing it to impose more sanctions. Washington has said repeatedly that all options, including military ones, are on the table in dealing with North Korea while stressing its desire for a peaceful solution.  Diplomatic options remain viable and open, for now,  U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said. While condemning the latest test, the Kremlin s Peskov said:  We hope that all the sides involved are able to preserve calm, which is so necessary to avoid the situation on the Korean peninsula sliding towards a worst-case scenario.  Russia and China have proposed a roadmap for defusing the crisis in the region.  On Wednesday, Russia s foreign ministry repeated its offer to use the plan, calling on North Korea to stop its missile and nuclear tests, while urging the United States and South Korea to abstain from their  unprecedentedly large-scale, unscheduled military air exercises announced to be held in early December . Asked if the Kremlin believed that the proposed roadmap was being considered by the North Korean leadership, Peskov said:  Let s put it this way: there are no grounds for substantial optimism.   ",1
13595,Turkey-backed rebels in Syria put IS jihadists through rehab,"MAREA, Syria/BEIRUT (Reuters) - Shaven-headed former jihadists filled a classroom in northern Syria as a Muslim cleric taught them a more moderate form of Islam than the version they had imposed in Islamic State s self-proclaimed caliphate. Their class was in a new rehabilitation center for Islamic State members set up in the town of Marea, north of Aleppo, in an area controlled by Syrian rebel groups backed by Turkey.  The center, set up in October, is meant to address a problem emerging across swathes of Syria and Iraq - how to handle thousands of people living there who joined Islamic State as it enforced its brutal rule. Islamic State used public killings and torture to enforce its draconian religious code, sexually enslaved captive women and slaughtered prisoners of war and members of enemy tribes. Its self-styled caliphate is now on the verge of defeat, having lost large tracts of its territory and most of its major towns and cities in both Syria and Iraq.     Although some IS members came from abroad out of conviction, many others were local people who joined the group to protect themselves or earn money, according to an official at the center. There are 25 ex-members now at the center where they take classes in religious doctrine and law. Psychological counseling is mandatory; some get individual sessions to help wean them off extremist ideology. The center is funded by the director as well as small donations, and its staff are all volunteers. Marea was besieged, but never captured, by IS. Last year, rebels backed by the Turkish army drove IS out of nearby areas.  Judges in rebel-held areas have tried Islamic State members who were captured or defected, and their sentences have included time at the center, guarded by a security team.  The center evaluates former jihadists each month and shares its views with local authorities, which base their release decisions on the center s recommendations.     Dressed in long-sleeved orange shirts and black vests, the ex-jihadists listened to lecturer Sheikh Mohammad al-Mahmoud, who asked them questions about Islamic rulings. No one answered.  Why did you join Islamic State and force Islam on people if you don t even know these answers?  he asked. Civilians across Syria and Iraq often reject former IS militants, holding them responsible for killing people from the area and destroying the towns and cities they entered. But not all former IS members at the center were armed insurgents, the center s lawyer said.   In the brutal administrative areas where Islamic State was, the overwhelming majority (joined) to protect itself or to have the bare minimum to live,  Ibrahim Najjar said. Some people joined just to obtain a canister of cooking gas, he added.  IS militants also tended to marry locals  daughters, he said, initially targeting the daughters of influential families and in later years marrying daughters of small families, calling on family ties to recruit fathers and brothers as informants. In an interview with Reuters at the center, former IS member Khalil Abdul-Ghafur spoke in formal Arabic - Islamic State s preferred version of the language - until the center director reminded him to switch back to Syrian dialect.  The 14-year-old from a village near Aleppo said he joined the jihadist group after insurgents arrived. He took lessons in sharia (Islamic law) and trained to use both light and heavy weapons, before IS dispatched him to al-Bab, near Marea.  He was wounded twice, both times returning to the militant ranks after he recovered. He only left IS when he found out rebels had detained his father over his membership of the group. Asked why he joined Islamic State, Abdul-Ghafur was at first silent.  I don t know what to tell you. They used to show us video clips,  he eventually said.  And they talk to us about heaven and freedom and all that.  He did not elaborate on life after Islamic State, only saying the center has good food, clothes and lessons. But he intends to go back to school when he is released, having not completed his education because his school was bombed. Ersin Khizri, 22, left his home in Ukraine and traveled to Syria with his wife and baby daughter to join IS ranks, in which he fought in Iraq. He left the group in January because he found it unjust, he said, turning himself in to rebels in Syria.  It s over: there is no more Daesh left,  he said, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State.  I don t know what the outside situation is like.  The men in the center watch movies and play chess in their spare time, smoking the cigarettes that were banned under IS. They are divided into three categories: those who did not commit crimes against civilians, those who did, and foreign members. Housed in a former school, the center holds ex-jihadists from the Caucasus, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Tunisia, Iraq and other countries. Hussein Naser, the center s director, said the men will stay there for no more than a year, mainly because it does not have the capabilities to hold them longer.  The goals of the center are to defeat the extremist ideology of the IS members that we have, ensuring their safety when they leave the center and that they can live with civilians,  Naser said. ",1
13596,Same-sex marriage bill clears Australia's Senate,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia s upper house Senate on Wednesday passed a measure to legalize same-sex marriage, perhaps as soon as next week, after lawmakers dismissed a conservative push to allow religious objectors to refuse service to same-sex couples. Australians overwhelmingly endorsed legalizing same-sex marriage in a postal survey run by the national statistics agency and the bill easily passed the Senate by 43 votes to 12. Conservative lawmakers had pressed for broad protections for religious objectors, among them florists, bakers and musicians, to refuse service to same-sex couples. But amendments for lay celebrants to refuse to solemnize same-sex marriages and permitting caterers opposed to the unions to refuse service at wedding receptions were either defeated or abandoned during two days of debate in the senate, where same-sex marriage supporters are in the majority.  The Australian people voted to lessen discrimination, not to extend it and we, the senate, have respected that vote by rejecting amendments which sought to extend discrimination, or derail marriage equality,  Labor Senator Penny Wong, who voted down all the amendments, told Parliament. The bill moves to the lower house next week, where conservative lawmakers hope for a renewed push to add measures exempting objectors to same-sex marriage from existing laws against discrimination.  I do not think we have made these changes in a way which advances rights fully,  said center-right National Party Senator Matt Canavan. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull s Liberal-National coalition government and the main opposition Labor Party have said they wanted to pass the law through parliament by Dec. 7.    If the legislation passes as expected, Australia will become the 26th nation to legalize same-sex marriage, a watershed for a country where some states held homosexual activity illegal until 1997. ",1
13597,Irish border should see no queues post-Brexit: British minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain wants to reach an agreement with the European Union that would secure a frictionless border between EU member Ireland and Northern Ireland to avoid any need for queues on either side, junior Brexit minister Robin Walker said on Wednesday. Settling the border with Northern Ireland has become one of the main sticking points in Britain s talks on leaving the European Union. ",1
13598,South Korea says Japan's Abe considering attending Pyeongchang Olympics,"SEOUL (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is considering attending the winter Olympics in South Korea in February despite escalating tension after North Korea s latest missile test on Wednesday, the South s presidential office said. Abe raised the possibility of attending the games during a telephone call with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, in which they said they would  no longer tolerate  North Korea s increasing security threats and they would tighten sanctions and pressure against it, Moon s press secretary, Yoon Young-chan, told a news briefing.  ",1
13599,Merkel says must stick to growth-friendly investment and budget consolidation,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel, currently trying to form a new coalition government after September s election, said on Wednesday Germany needed to keep non-wage costs below 40 percent and stressed the importance of budget consolidation. Speaking in a video message played at an employers  conference in Berlin, Merkel said it  remains important to keep non-wage costs under the 40 percent mark . Merkel, who is expected to start coalition talks with the Social Democrats (SPD) after attempts to form an awkward three-way alliance with the liberals and Greens failed, said that during the upcoming talks with the SPD she would emphasize that Germany needed to stick to its course of growth-friendly investment and budget consolidation. ",1
13600,Germany summons North Korea's ambassador over missile test,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany strongly condemns North Korea s latest ballistic missile test, Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Wednesday, adding that he would summon North Korea s ambassador.  North Korea has again breached international law. North Korea s ruthless behavior poses a huge threat to international security,  Gabriel said in a statement. North Korea said on Wednesday it successfully tested a powerful new intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that put the entire U.S. mainland within range of its nuclear weapons. ",1
13601,How North Korea's latest ICBM test stacks up,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said on Wednesday it had successfully tested a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), called Hwasong-15, that could reach all of the U.S. mainland. [L1N1NY1RR] In a broadcast on state TV, North Korea said the newly developed Hwasong-15 has  much greater advantages in its tactical and technological specifications and technical characteristics  than its Hwasong-14 ICBM, tested twice in July. Analysts and officials are awaiting the release of photos and video from the launch to identify what differences there may be between the Hwasong-15 and previous North Korean missiles.  The missile, the first test in 75 days, was fired on a steep trajectory and flew for 53 minutes, North Korea said. It reached an altitude of 4,475 km (2,780 miles) and flew 950 km (590 miles), according to the North.  If (today s) numbers are correct, then if flown on a standard trajectory rather than this lofted trajectory, this missile would have a range of more than 13,000 km (8,100 miles),  the U.S.-based Union of Concerned Scientists said in a statement. That would suggest that all of the continental United States including Washington D.C. and New York could be theoretically within range of a North Korean missile. On July 4, North Korea launched its first ICBM, Hwasong-14, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km (1,741 miles) and a range of 933 km (580 miles) during a flight of 39 minutes, North Korea s state media reported. A second test of the Hwasong-14 on July 28 exhibited improved performance, with the missile flying for about 47 minutes to an altitude of 3,724 km (2,313 miles) and a range of 998 km (620 miles), according to state media. The second flight showed the missile has a range of more than 10,000 km (6,213 miles), potentially putting the U.S. West Coast within range, analysts have said. After Wednesday s test, Kim declared that with the Hwasong-15 North Korea had  finally realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force.  International observers, however, said it remains unclear how heavy a payload the missile was carrying, and if it could carry a large nuclear warhead far enough to strike the United States. It also remains unclear whether the North Koreans have perfected a re-entry vehicle capable of protecting a nuclear warhead during its descent. North Korea launched the missile from Pyongsong, South Pyongan Province, about 30 km (18 miles) north of its capital, Pyongyang, the first time a missile was fired from this location. Unlike many other tests that historically occur in the early mornings, Wednesday s launch occurred in the middle of the night in Korea, at around 2:28 a.m. North Korea s local time (6:17 p.m. GMT). The location and timing are likely a reflection of Pyongyang s continuing efforts to test weapons from anywhere and at any time, providing more realistic tests and making it more difficult for other countries to predict and possibly intercept a launch.  The test is unusual in that it was conducted in the dead of night, perhaps reflecting North Korean concerns about avoiding a U.S. ballistic missile defence intercept,  the U.S.-based Centre for Strategic and International Studies said. The previous two ICBM tests in July were launched from Panghyon airfield in North Pyongan Province, and in Mupyong-ni, Chagang Province, respectively. Other, shorter range missiles have been launched from a variety of locations as well, including at least two intermediate-range ballistic missiles that flew over Japanese airspace in August and September. The last of those missiles was launched at Sunan, just north of Pyongyang, from a  transporter erector launcher,  a road-mobile vehicle that can make it more difficult to track and target missiles before they are launched. ",1
13602,'For the Party and the motherland!': North Korea's Kim heralds missile test after setbacks,"SEOUL (Reuters) - When North Korean leader Kim Jong Un signed an order for his scientists to test their latest missile, he was no doubt hoping for technical advances but perhaps also to reclaim the narrative after recent setbacks.  Fire it bravely for the Party and the motherland!  Kim wrote on his order, according to a photograph shown on North Korean state television on Wednesday, shortly the test of a new intercontinental ballistic missile called the Hwasong-15. The test, North Korea s first since mid-September, allowed Kim to declare  with pride  that his country had  finally realized the great historic cause of completing the state nuclear force , one of the strongest statements yet on the status of his nuclear arsenal. It came a week after U.S. President Donald Trump put North Korea back on a U.S. list of countries it says support terrorism, allowing it to impose more sanctions. The test also follows a dramatic defection to South Korea by a North Korean soldier on Nov. 13, who braved a hail of bullets by fellow soldiers as he crossed the heavily fortified border dividing the two Koreas. Neither the North Korean government nor its state media have made any mention of the defection, which dominated headlines in South Korea and in international media for days. Analysts say the test makes technical sense for scientists trying to refine their rockets as they strive to achieve Kim s goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile that can reach all of the U.S. mainland. But the launch likely also had other benefits.  Kim may have wanted to regain control of the narrative and reinforce solidarity,  after the defection and increasing diplomatic isolation, a South Korean official said.  They couldn t sit pat after having been designated a sponsor state of terrorism,  said Kim Dong-yub, a military expert at South Korea s Kyungnam University. The North Korean leader is also no doubt keen to fulfil a vow made in a 2017 New Year s message to soon achieve an operable ICBM, Kim said.   Kim Jong Un said at the beginning of this year they were near completing their nuclear capability. Won t he have to say in next year s New Year s address that they ve completed it?  ",1
13603,Fractured French Right struggles to unite against Macron,"PARIS (Reuters) - A year ago, France s conservatives appeared headed for the presidency. Now the French right is more fractured than at almost any point in the modern-day Fifth Republic, leaving one clear winner: President Emmanuel Macron, a centrist. Over the weekend, a group of Macron-friendly lawmakers cemented their split from the center-right The Republicans party, forming a new party, Agir (Act). In a further blow to The Republicans, three other party heavyweights defected to Macron s Republic on the Move party. This comes at a time the far-right National Front party is riven by internal divisions and fighting a new rival movement set up by one of its own. In two weeks, The Republicans will elect a new party chief. The task of whoever wins will be to heal divisions and rebuild a party blown apart by Macron s election triumph.  The Right is in the process of breaking apart ... if this goes on we will be in opposition for 20 years,  Mael de Calan, a rising star in The Republicans and candidate for party leader, told television channel France 2.  De Calan hit out at those deserting the party. He also said the frontrunner in the party leadership race, 42-year-old Laurent Wauquiez, was advocating policies that would push The Republicans too far to the right   an outcome which could prompt others to leave. Macron, 39, dynamited France s traditional political landscape in the summer, winning the presidency without ever having held office before and securing a commanding majority in parliament with a party just over a year old. Macron poached cabinet ministers from both the Socialist Party and The Republicans, leaving both scrambling for an answer to the former investment banker s stunning rise to power. The Socialists of former President Francois Hollande were particularly hurt.  Macron destroyed the Left with the presidential election and now the target is the Right,  said Frederic Dabi of pollster Ifop. Both far-left  France Unbowed  leader Jean-Luc Melenchon and far-right National Front chief Marine Le Pen are viewed as stronger opponents to Macron, an Odoxa poll showed at the weekend. Equally worrying to Wauquiez should he become leader of The Republicans is that another survey on Tuesday showed one in two voters were indifferent to him. Wauquiez, who calls those quitting the party  traitors ,  told Reuters last week that he wanted to unite the party and that France needed his hardline proposals on immigration, security and Europe.   We won t bring people together by being tepid,  he said. His platform has, however, left moderate party stalwarts such as Valerie Pecresse, leader of the wider Paris region, and former prime minister Alain Juppe, being coy about their future.   The Republicans  problem is that they are not showing the French an image of unity or a (future) leader that embodies a solid enough opposition,  said Odoxa s president Gael Sliman, adding that Wauquiez s hard-right line was not popular enough. Marine Le Pen, gloating, said on Tuesday that The Republicans faced a  catastrophic  situation.  They imploded in two camps,  she told BFM TV.  But she too presides over a deeply divided party. One of its eight lawmakers on Monday defected to a splinter party established by her former deputy in September.  ",1
13604,Cambodian PM leaves for China to seek more aid,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, facing Western donor pressure over a crackdown on critics ahead of 2018 elections, will seek more aid and investment from China during a visit this week, his aide said on Wednesday. China is already Cambodia s biggest donor and its support has bolstered Hun Sen in the face of criticism of what his opponents say amounts to the destruction of democracy. The aide, Sry Thamrong, said Hun Sen would attend a special summit from Thursday to Sunday held by the ruling Communist Party on a theme espoused by Chinese President Xi Jinping on turning the world for the better and without interference.  The aim of Hun Sen s meetings to discuss aid and investment with Xi and Chinese investors is to create more jobs in Cambodia, he said.  Especially, we need more bridges on the Mekong River, we also need many more roads, trains, sky train,  Sry Thamrong told reporters at the international airport in Phnom Penh, the capital, before the departure.  These are the things we need in the future.   China has supported Cambodia s crackdown, making no criticism of the government, which is one of Beijing s most important allies in Southeast Asia after more than three decades in power.     The supreme court this month banned the opposition Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP) at the government s request. That followed the arrest of its leader Kem Sokha for plotting to take power with American help. The United States has stopped election funding ahead of next year s general election and threatened further concrete steps. The European Union has raised a potential threat to Cambodia s duty free access. Washington is working on a review of its ties with Cambodia after the dissolution of the CNRP, William Heidt, the U.S. ambassador to Cambodia said.   That is something we are taking very seriously, having a very serious review of our policies towards Cambodia,  he told broadcaster Voice of America in an interview on Wednesday. ",1
13605,Yemen car bomb attack kills at least two people in Aden: residents,"ADEN (Reuters) - Assailants detonated a car bomb outside the Yemeni Finance Ministry offices in the southern city of Aden on Wednesday, killing at least two people, hospital officials and residents said. They said the force of the blast shook the Khor Maksar area of Aden, the temporary capital of the internationally recognized government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, and causing severe damage to the six-storey building. The force of the blast also shattered windows of adjacent houses, they said.   Ambulances were seen racing to the scene, as sounds of gunfire were heard in the area, they said. No one has claimed responsibility for the explosion. An official at the city s main government-run Jumhouriya hospital said that two people have arrived dead to the hospital, while three others were in critical condition. He said that medics have said they believe that more casualties were at the scene of the blast, but no one could reach them due to an exchange of gunfire that was taking place in the area. ",1
13606,Venezuela systematically abused foes in 2017 protests: rights groups,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela  systematically  abused anti-government protesters this year, two rights groups said on Wednesday, including through beatings, firing tear gas canisters in closed areas and forcing detainees to eat food tainted with excrement. Unpopular leftist President Nicolas Maduro faced four months of near-daily protests asking for early elections, humanitarian aid to combat food and medicine shortages, respect for the opposition-led congress, and freedom for jailed activists.  Demonstrators say heavy-handed National Guard soldiers clamped down on their right to protest, while Maduro says his administration faced a U.S.-backed  armed insurgency.   More than 120 people died in the unrest, with victims including demonstrators, government supporters, security officials, and bystanders. In a joint report, New York-based Human Rights Watch and Venezuela-based Penal Forum documented 88 cases between April and September, from excessive use of force during marches to protest against arbitrary detentions. Around 5,400 people were detained, with at least 757 prosecuted in military courts, the report said.   The widespread vicious abuses against government opponents in Venezuela, including egregious cases of torture, and the absolute impunity for the attackers suggests government responsibility at the highest levels,  said Chilean lawyer Jose Miguel Vivanco, Americas director at Human Rights Watch.  Venezuela s Information Ministry did not respond to a request for comment.  In one case cited, intelligence agents allegedly hanged a 34-year-old government critic from the ceiling and gave him electric shocks as they interrogated him. The man, whose name was not revealed, was ultimately released and left Venezuela.  In another case, a 32-year-old detained during a protest in Carabobo state was allegedly beaten for hours by National Guard soldiers who also threatened to rape his daughter. He said officials also fired tear gas into his cell.  Others interviewed recounted being handcuffed to a metal bench, hit with sticks, and witnessing a man being raped with a broomstick. At least 15 detainees in Carabobo said officials forced them to eat human excrement mixed in with uncooked pasta. The government failed to acknowledge such violations, the report said, adding that instead officials  often downplayed the abuses or issued implausible, blanket denials.  Maduro s government says Human Rights Watch is in league with a Washington-funded conspiracy to sabotage socialism in Latin America. Rights activists are in league with the opposition and compliant foreign media, officials say, and downplay opposition violence, including setting a man on fire during a demonstration and targeting police with explosives. The two rights groups said there were cases of protesters hurling rocks and Molotov cocktails at security forces, but that abuses by authorities went far beyond attempts to quell unrest. ",1
13607,China expresses 'grave concern' over North Korean missile test,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China expressed  grave concern  on Wednesday after North Korea fired what appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that landed close to Japan.  China hopes all parties act cautiously to preserve peace and stability, foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a regular news briefing.  ",1
13608,Two human heads found outside broadcaster's office in Mexico,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Two human heads were discovered in a cooler outside an office of broadcaster Televisa in the Mexican city of Guadalajara, authorities said on Tuesday. It was not clear who the heads belonged to, but the cooler contained a threatening message signed off with  CJNG , the Spanish initials of a drug gang, the Jalisco New Generation Cartel, a security official in the western city said. A second official at the office of the Jalisco state prosecutor said the cooler was left outside an office of the Televisa station.  However, media in the state suggested the gruesome find was directed at an official, not at the broadcaster. Elsewhere in the city, authorities found a second cooler containing a message threatening a judge, and a bag with suspected human remains with another threat, the second official added.  Both officials declined to be identified. In recent years, the CJNG has become one of the most powerful Mexican drug gangs, and authorities blame it for violence that has convulsed much of central and western Mexico. ",1
13609,Indonesia to reopen Bali airport after closure due to volcano,"DENPASAR, Indonesia (Reuters) - Bali airport will reopen on Wednesday afternoon, authorities said, two days after a volcanic eruption spread ash across the island and forced the airport to close. The airport will reopen at 3 p.m. (0700 GMT) ",1
13610,Turkey seeks arrest of 360 people in probe targeting Gulen network in army: media,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish prosecutors have issued detention warrants for 360 people in an operation targeting supporters of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen within the army, state-run Anadolu news agency reported on Wednesday. It said 333 of those facing arrest in the Istanbul-based operation were soldiers, 216 of them serving personnel. Ankara accuses Gulen and his network of orchestrating an attempted coup last year. Gulen denies the charge. Istanbul police officers were continuing operations to capture the suspects, it said. The private Dogan news agency said seven of those facing arrest were pilots. More than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over links to Gulen, while 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the public and private sectors since the July 15 failed putsch, in which 250 people were killed. Sixteen months on, operations targeting supporters of the U.S.-based preacher are continuing on a daily basis. Last week, nearly 700 people were detained in related investigations. While Turkey s Western allies and rights groups have voiced concern that Ankara is using the investigations to crack down on dissent, Turkey says only such a purge could neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network, which it says infiltrated institutions such as the military, judiciary and schools. ",1
13611,Honduran presidential candidate to review U.S. troops presence,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The Honduran presidential candidate leading after a partial count of votes said he would review whether to keep a base stationed with U.S. troops if he wins the election, but also promised to deepen security co-operation. Honduras has been slow to release the results of Sunday s election. Although U.S.-friendly President Juan Orlando Hernandez had been tipped to win, partial results show an upset, with gregarious television star Salvador Nasralla leading. One of the poorest nations in the Americas with one of the world s highest murder rates, Honduras has been blighted with years of gang violence. Nasralla has tapped into widespread disillusionment about the country s future, particularly among young voters. But his win is not yet certain. As results started flowing on Tuesday evening, Nasralla s original five-point lead had narrowed to just over 1.5 percentage points, with about 72 percent of ballot boxes counted. In a television interview on Tuesday evening, an angry Nasralla said the election was being stolen from him and urged his supporters to flock to the capital, Tegucigalpa, to protest.  In an earlier interview with Reuters on Tuesday, the 64-year-old Nasralla said, if he did triumph, he would talk to the United States about 500 U.S. troops stationed at the Soto Cano air base, also known as Palmerola, two hours  drive from Tegucigalpa.  I need to see what benefit there is for Honduras from having a base like Palmerola,  Nasralla said.  The U.S. presence was established in the 1980s to help the United States in its fight against left-wing insurgencies in Central America. In 2008, former President Manuel Zelaya said he would turn the base into a civilian airport to serve the coffee-exporting country of 9 million people.  A year later, Zelaya was ousted in a coup that his ally, former Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, said was orchestrated from the base. U.S. officials denied any involvement in the coup.  Nasralla, a self-described centrist, said he would deepen security ties with the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump, and that Honduras would remain the United States  best ally in Central America.  When the United States passes me its list of people it wants to extradite ... I m not even going to look at it. I m simply going to sign it and give the order,  he said.  I m willing to extradite ex-presidents, lawmakers, ministers.  Honduras is riddled with corruption that breeds on rampant impunity, drug trafficking and gang violence. U.S. officials were aware of his economic and social policy positions, he added.   I m certain that I won t have any problems with the United States,  he said. The United States has longstanding military ties to Honduras and few ideological allies among the current crop of Central American presidents. In Mexico, leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador leads opinion polls for next year s presidential election. Nasralla said that Zelaya would be an influential person in his government and that the former president s wife, Xiomara Castro, would serve as his vice-president. Zelaya, widely viewed as a traditional Latin American leftist due to his previous friendship with Chavez, commands considerable concern in Washington. Many observers believe him to be the true power behind Nasralla s coalition. Nasralla said the concerns were unfounded, and that he would not pursue a close relationship with Venezuela. But he also hinted that Zelaya could return to the presidency in the future.  He said he did not want to change new rules allowing presidential re-election, apparently contradicting his previous opposition. His alliance was formed specifically to block Hernandez s bid for a second term. Nasralla said that he would not run for a second term, but that Zelaya could choose to run in 2022 and benefit from the lack of term limits. Ironically, Zelaya was ousted in 2009 after he proposed a referendum on those re-election rules. Earlier on Tuesday, Hernandez told supporters he still expected to win the election, but urged people to wait for the official results to come through.  Given the nearly two-day lag in releasing results, a Hernandez victory would be certain to enrage the opposition, and could spark tensions.  They re doing everything they can to take away our triumph,  Nasralla wrote on Twitter on Tuesday afternoon, as the lead started narrowing.  ",1
13612,Islamic State claims responsibility for Aden car bomb: Amaq,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Militant group Islamic State claimed responsibility for a car bomb attack outside the offices of the Yemeni finance ministry in the southern port city of Aden, the group s news agency Amaq said on Wednesday.   Hospital officials said at least two people were killed in the explosion.  ",1
13613,Islamic State claims responsibility for Aden car bomb: Amaq,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Militant group Islamic State claimed responsibility for a car bomb attack outside the offices of the Yemeni finance ministry in the southern port city of Aden, the group s news agency Amaq said on Wednesday.   Hospital officials said at least two people were killed in the explosion.  ",1
13614,TV star urges protests as his lead shrinks in Honduras vote,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - The result of Honduras  presidential election remained in limbo on Tuesday, with a gregarious TV host s surprise lead narrowing sharply, prompting him to call on supporters to take to the streets of the capital to defend the vote. President Juan Orlando Hernandez, who won U.S. praise for helping tackle the flow of migrants and deporting drug cartel leaders, was favored to win before Sunday s vote in the poor Central American nation with one of the world s highest murder rates. But a delayed, partial count on Monday morning pointed toward an unexpected victory for TV entertainer Salvador Nasralla, 64. Inexplicably, election authorities then stopped giving results for more than 24 hours. When, under mounting criticism from international election monitors over a lack of transparency, the electoral tribunal began updating its website again, the tendency rapidly began to change. In a television interview on Tuesday evening, an angry Nasralla said the election was being stolen from him and asked his supporters to flock to the capital, Tegucigalpa, to protest.   We ve already won the election,  he said.  I m not going to tolerate this, and as there are no reliable institutions in Honduras to defend us, tomorrow the Honduran people need to defend the vote on the streets.  The Electoral Observation Mission of the Organization of American States (EOM/OAS) in Honduras urged people to remain calm and wait for official results, which it said should be delivered as quickly and transparently as possible.   The credibility of the electoral authorities and the legitimacy of the future president depend on this,  it said in a statement.   On Tuesday evening, Nasralla s original five-point lead had thinned to under 2 percentage points, with nearly 71 percent of ballots counted, according to the election tribunal. Nasralla said in a later television interview that the election tribunal was only counting ballots from regions where Hernandez had won, skewing the results and giving the false sense that the president was heading for victory. He asked the tribunal to include ballots from regions where he was stronger.  A self-described centrist, Nasralla headed a center-left coalition called the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship, and claimed victory on Monday - as did Hernandez. Election official Marcos Ramiro Lobo told Reuters on Monday afternoon that Nasralla was leading by a margin of five points, with about 70 percent of ballots counted.  Lobo said Nasralla appeared certain to win, signaling that experts at the electoral body regarded his lead as irreversible. On Tuesday, Hernandez reiterated that he had won, and refused to concede, telling supporters they should wait for final results. After Hernandez spoke, thousands of his blue-clad supporters gathered outside the presidential residence to celebrate his supposed victory.  We won the election with Juan Orlando Hernandez, and we won t let them remove him from power,  said 35-year-old housewife Maria Aguirre, who hailed from a rough neighborhood on the outskirts of Tegucigalpa. The election tribunal s delay was due to difficult negotiations between Hernandez s National Party and Nasralla s alliance, according to two European diplomats who spoke on condition of anonymity. Behind closed doors, the parties were discussing immunity from prosecution for current officials and how to carve up positions in government, the diplomats said. In an interview on Tuesday, Nasralla denied he was in talks with the National Party. He vowed to review whether to keep a base stationed with U.S. troops if he wins the election, but also promised to deepen security co-operation. Hernandez s National Party appears set to retain control of Congress in the election, giving it the second-most important perch in the country.      The European Union s chief observer for the election, Marisa Matias, urged election officials to maintain an open channel of communication as they finalized the results. The electoral body had been so certain Hernandez would win that it showed unprecedented transparency during the contest, one of the diplomats said. That left the body with little room to maneuver when Nasralla came from nowhere to take a strong lead.         With a booming voice and finely coiffed hair, Nasralla is one of the country s best known faces as the host of game shows that feature scantily clad women by his side.      He is backed by former President Manuel Zelaya, who was ousted in 2009 after he proposed a referendum on his re-election. The possible return to a position of influence for one-time leftist Zelaya risks fuelling concern in Washington. The United States has longstanding military ties to Honduras and few ideological allies among the current crop of Central American presidents. Hernandez, 49, was credited with lowering the murder rate and boosting the economy, but he was also hurt by accusations of ties to illicit, drug-related financing that he denies. His bid for a second term, which was made possible by a 2015 Supreme Court decision on term limits, divided opinion in the coffee-exporting nation of 9 million people. ",1
13615,Singapore charges activist for organizing assemblies without permit,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore authorities charged human rights activist Jolovan Wham on Wednesday for organizing public assemblies without a police permit, prompting rights groups to call on the government to guarantee the right to peaceful assembly. The 37-year-old Wham, the former executive director of a group advocating the rights of foreign workers in Singapore, could be fined up to $10,000 or imprisoned for up to 6 months, or both, if found guilty of repeat offences. Wham was involved in a protest in June by several blindfolded activists who held up books on a subway train in a call for justice for 22 people detained in 1987 under a tough internal security law.  Wham is recalcitrant and has repeatedly shown blatant disregard for the law, especially with regard to organizing or participating in illegal public assemblies , Singapore Police Force said in a statement.   He was also charged for vandalism and refusing to sign statements made during investigations, the police said. He faces a total of seven charges stemming from public assemblies he organized dating back to November 2016, the police said. Under strict public assembly laws, protests are allowed only at a designated downtown square called the Speakers  Corner. Human Rights Watch on Wednesday called on Singapore to drop the case against  peaceful protestor  Wham and to amend what it called a  draconian  law on public order to guarantee Singaporeans the right to peaceful assembly.   Prosecuting Jolovan Wham for holding peaceful gatherings demonstrates the absurdity of Singapore s laws on public assemblies and the government s willingness to penalize those who speak out,  its deputy Asia director Phil Robertson said.  The Singapore government should start listening to criticism, stop treating peaceful assemblies as crimes, and cease prosecuting their organizers,  he said. A pre-trial conference for the case will take place on Dec. 13. ",1
13616,North Korea says successfully launches new ICBM that can reach all of U.S,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea successfully launched a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile, the  Hwasong-15  that can reach all of the United States, the isolated country s state media said on Wednesday. The missile is the North s most powerful ever, and it flew 950 km (590 miles) for 53 minutes while reaching an altitude of 4,475 km (2,781 miles), according to a statement read by a television presenter. ",1
13617,Beijing warns Taipei against hyping up China's jailing of Taiwanese activist,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China on Wednesday said that any attempt to hype up its decision to jail a Taiwanese rights activist for subversion would be futile, after Taiwan s ruling political party labeled the result  unacceptable . A Chinese court on Tuesday jailed Li Ming-che, Taiwanese community college lecturer and human rights non-governmental worker, for five years for subverting Chinese state power.  Li was tried alongside a mainland activist, Peng Yuhua, who received a seven year sentence for the same charge. Both were found guilty of attempting to promote political reform in China through discussions of democracy in social media chatrooms. Taiwan s ruling Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) said the result was  totally unacceptable  and called for Beijing to return Li to Taiwan. It is not a crime for Li to share his opinions about democratic freedoms with friends, they said. China s Taiwan Affairs Office spokesman Ma Xiaoguang told reporters at a regular news briefing:  Any attempts to hype up the case for political ends or to instigate opposition between compatriots across the straits will all be futile.  Although Taiwan and Beijing should have mutual respect for each other s social systems and development paths, Taiwan cannot  impose  its political ideas on the mainland or use the cover of democratic freedoms to break Chinese law, Ma said.     Ties between Beijing and the self-ruled island of Taiwan have been frosty since Taiwan s Tsai Ing-wen led the independence-leaning DPP to election victory last year.  Beijing claims the island as part of China and has never renounced the use of force to bring it under its control. Chiu E-Ling, secretary general of the Taiwan Association for Human Rights, told reporters at a press conference on Tuesday that Li s supporters would call on Tsai and her government go beyond mere words to secure Li s release.  They also expressed concern over the verdict s implication for the rights of Taiwanese citizens, saying that Li had expressed his opinions online while on Taiwan soil.  The Global Times, a state-backed tabloid popular with China s nationalists, said in an editorial on Wednesday that the DPP s statement was tantamount to encouraging Taiwanese to come to China and break the law.  We hope that Taiwanese people will not accept the DPP s witchcraft and will not become an assault team or sacrificial victims for them,  the paper said.  One s own safety should be more important than the slogans they utter,  it added. ",1
13618,Mexico ruling party hopeful attacks rival's 'hunger for power',"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A newly unveiled presidential contender for Mexico s ruling party attacked his main leftist rival on Tuesday, accusing him of being obsessed by power, afraid of debate and unable to tackle corruption when he held public office. Jose Antonio Meade, who resigned as finance minister on Monday to run for the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), sought to discredit former Mexico City mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, the early front-runner in the July 2018 election.  I m not afraid of Andres Manuel, I m sure I m going to beat him ... because there s a fundamental difference,  Meade told Mexican radio.  What he s about is hunger for power, and with me it s about wanting to serve and construct.  Graft scandals have battered the PRI s credibility under President Enrique Pena Nieto, and senior officials regard Meade as a strong candidate because he has avoided the taint of corruption in office - and does not belong to the party. The PRI does not begin registering candidates until Dec. 3 and will not elect its contender until Feb. 18. However, all the indications are that Meade will run to replace Pena Nieto, who is constitutionally barred from seeking re-election. Lopez Obrador, runner-up in the past two elections, has spent years railing against graft, which promises to be a key campaign issue. Right after Meade signaled his intention to run, Lopez Obrador branded the PRI as corrupt and predictable. Meade offered little detail of how he planned to root out corruption beyond pledging to strengthen institutions, echoing the rhetoric of Pena Nieto, whose approval ratings plumbed multi-year lows, partly due to failure to tackle the issue. Instead Meade, 48, accused Lopez Obrador of seeking to avoid debate, and argued that his rival failed to root out corruption when he had the chance, as mayor of the capital.  Whoever thinks that the answers to Mexico s problems are about one person ... (or) are about being messianic ... is simplifying the complexity of building institutions that give us a nation of laws,  he said in another radio interview. Meade, who has held most of the top cabinet jobs across two rival administrations, was at pains to stress his honesty, and said he had no skeletons in his closet.  That s why I feel very proud to look my children in the eyes, with them knowing that their dad has worked for Mexico with integrity and honor,  he said. ",1
13619,North Korea to make announcement at 0330 GMT: Yonhap,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea will make an announcement at 0330 GMT, South Korea s Yonhap news agency said on Wednesday, citing the North s broadcast media, following the launch of what appeared to an intercontinental ballistic missile that landed close to Japan. The reports did not say what the announcement would be about, Yonhap added. ",1
13620,Bolivian court clears way for Morales to run for fourth term,"LA PAZ (Reuters) - Bolivia s highest court struck down limits on re-election in the country s constitution and election laws on Tuesday, paving the way for socialist President Evo Morales to run for a fourth term in 2019. In September, Morales  Movement to Socialism (MAS) party asked the South American country s highest court to rescind legal limits barring elected authorities from seeking re-election indefinitely, arguing that these violate human rights.  All people that were limited by the law and the constitution are hereby able to run for office, because it is up to the Bolivian people to decide,  Macario Lahor Cortez, head of the Plurinational Constitutional Court, wrote in the ruling. In the decision, the court cited the American Convention on Human Rights, a multilateral treaty signed by many countries in the Americas. The secretary general of the Organization of American States, which is responsible for enforcing the treaty, said the clause cited in the decision  does not mean the right to perpetual power.   Besides, presidential re-election was rejected by popular will in a referendum in 2016,  Luis Almagro wrote on Twitter late on Tuesday. The ruling is final and cannot be appealed. Morales, who took power in 2006, had previously accepted the results of a 2016 referendum, when 51 percent of Bolivian voters rejected his proposal to reform the constitution to end existing term limits.  He later reversed course and said that while he would happily give up office, his supporters were pushing for him to stay. The landlocked Andean country has enjoyed relative prosperity and calm under Morales, the country s first indigenous president. But his efforts to extend term limits have set off protests across the country, with opponents arguing Morales was trying to tighten his grip on power in the vein of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, a leftist ally. Opposition leader Samuel Doria Medina said on Twitter that the court decision was  a blow to the constitution . ",1
13621,New Venezuela oil chief vows anti-corruption crusade,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s new oil czar vowed on Tuesday to root out corruption in state oil company PDVSA in a combative two-minute speech during his inauguration, without offering clues as to how he plans to handle the company s crippling debt burden. President Nicolas Maduro on Sunday tapped Major General Manuel Quevedo to lead both PDVSA [PDVSA.UL] and the Oil Ministry, giving the already powerful military control of the OPEC nation s dominant industry.  In comments during a two-hour broadcast by Maduro, Quevedo said he would go after  saboteurs  and defeat a  corrupt bureaucracy,  while offering only a brief nod to boosting oil production and improving refinery operations.  We re going to clean up public finances so that those thieves in PDVSA will finally leave,  said Quevedo.  The government s actions have captured many people who had infiltrated the industry. Those who are left should be worried.  Investors are closely watching Quevedo for clues as to whether he will seek to halt payment on PDVSA s bonds, or maintain Maduro s strategy of continuing to service debt despite the country s crippling economic crisis.  Quevedo made no mention of foreign debt on Tuesday. Maduro said this month he would restructure and refinance all future debt payments and that the country would never default on its debt. Quevedo s predecessors, Oil Minister Eulogio del Pino and PDVSA President Nelson Martinez, were both seen as a industry veterans with significant technical expertise who favored continuing to make debt payments.   Sources in the sector said Quevedo s appointment could quicken a white-collar exodus from PDVSA and worsen operational problems at a time when production has already tumbled to near 30-year lows of under 2 million barrels a day. Maduro said on Tuesday he was naming Ysmel Serrano, the head of the trade and supply division, as vice president of PDVSA, which oversees the world s largest crude reserves. He said he would seek to name the country s former energy minister, Ali Rodriguez, as  honorary president  of PDVSA. More military officers are set to be named to senior management posts as part of a shake-up the government says is aimed at fighting corruption, two company sources told Reuters on Monday.  ",1
13622,South Korea's Moon says North Korea missile capability seems improved,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s President Moon Jae-in said on Wednesday North Korea s missile technology seems to have improved, following the launch of what appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile that landed close to Japan. Moon made the remark to U.S. President Donald Trump in a phone call, his office said, during which both heads of state said they would talk further on measures to respond to North Korea s latest provocation. ",1
13623,South Korea military says North Korea missile presumed to be Hwasong-14: Yonhap,"SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s Joint Chiefs of Staff said they presume North Korea fired a Hwasong-14 long-range ballistic missile on Wednesday, the South s Yonhap News Agency reported. A military spokesman told Reuters he could not confirm the report. ",1
13624,Hawaii to resume Cold War-era nuclear siren tests amid North Korea threat,"HONOLULU (Reuters) - Hawaii this week will resume monthly statewide testing of Cold War-era nuclear attack warning sirens for the first time in at least a quarter century, in preparation for a possible missile strike from North Korea, state officials said on Tuesday. A recording of the wailing air-raid siren - familiar to  older generations who grew up hearing it on a regular basis - was played at a news conference by Governor David Ige, civil defense and emergency management officers in the state capital, Honolulu. Ige said he believed Hawaii was the first in the nation to reintroduce statewide nuclear siren drills.  The announcement, though planned weeks earlier, came hours after North Korea s latest test launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile, which flew about 1,000 kilometers (620 miles) before landing in the Sea of Japan. The Pentagon said the rocket posed no danger to the United States, its territories or allies. But state emergency management authorities said they decided in recent months to reactivate the state s nuclear attack sirens for the first time since the 1980s after experts deemed some of North Korea s missiles were capable of reaching Hawaii. The wailing air raid sirens - distinguished from steady-tone sirens already in use to warn of hurricanes, tsunamis and other natural disasters - were set to return on Friday.   Both sirens will be sounded in separate 50-second intervals from more than 400 locations across the central Pacific islands starting at 11:45 a.m. in a test that will be repeated on the first business day of each month thereafter. The exercise is being launched in conjunction with public service announcements urging residents of the islands to  get inside, stay inside and stay tuned  when they hear the warning. A single 150-kiloton weapon detonated over Pearl Harbor on the main island of Oahu would be expected to kill 18,000 people outright and leave 50,000 to 120,000 others injured across a blast zone several miles wide, state Emergency Management Agency officials have said, citing projections based on assessments of North Korea s nuclear weapons technology. While casualties of that scale would be unprecedented on U.S. soil, an agency fact sheet stressed that 90 percent of Hawaii s 1.4 million-plus residents would survive  the direct effects of such an explosion.  Oahu, home to a heavy concentration of the U.S. military command structure, as well as Honolulu and about two-thirds of the state s population, is seen as an especially likely target for potential North Korean nuclear aggression against the United States. In the event of an actual nuclear missile launch at Hawaii from North Korea, the attack sirens would give island residents and tourists just 12 or 13 minutes of warning before impact, according to the state s fact sheet. In that case, residents are advised to immediately take cover  in a building or other substantial structure.  Although no designated nuclear shelters exist, staying indoors offers the best chance of limiting exposure to radioactive fallout. Calling the North Korea threat a  new normal,  Ige said,  A possibility of attack today is very remote, but we do believe that it s important that we be proactive, that we plan and are prepared for every possibility moving forward.  ",1
13625,Meeting on North Korea crisis to be in Canada after Christmas: source,"OTTAWA (Reuters) - A planned meeting of foreign ministers to discuss the North Korean crisis is not scheduled to take place before the Christmas break in late December, a Canadian official said on Tuesday.  Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland announced Canada would co-host the meeting with the United States on Canadian soil. At least a dozen foreign ministers will be involved, said the official, who asked to remain anonymous given the sensitivity of the situation. U.S Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, condemning a North Korean missile test earlier in the day, said the meeting would include South Korea, Japan and other affected nations, to discuss  how the global community can counter North Korea s threat to international peace.  Freeland had been discussing North Korea with counterparts in recent months, including those from the United States, South Korea, Japan, Australia and China, said the Canadian official. Canada was a good choice to host a meeting because it was less directly involved in the crisis than the United States, Japan, South Korea or China, said the official.  There are fewer implications to us convening a constructive conversation,  added the official, saying no decisions on a venue or who would be invited had been made. ",1
13626,Senior Saudi prince freed in settlement agreement of $1 billion: Saudi official,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Senior Saudi Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, once seen as a leading contender to the throne, was freed after reaching an  acceptable settlement agreement  with authorities paying more than $1 billion, a Saudi official said on Wednesday. The official said Miteb, in his deal with the government,  had admitted corruption. Three other people involved in corruption cases have also finalised settlement agreements with authorities, the official told Reuters. ",1
13627,Russian media law poses threat to free press: U.S. State Department,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Tuesday that a new law allowing Russia s Justice Ministry to list foreign media outlets as  foreign agents  posed a threat to free press and it urged Moscow not to use the measure to tighten control over the media. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement on Tuesday,  Freedom of expression, including speech and media which a government may find inconvenient, is a universal human rights obligation Russia has pledged to uphold.  She said Russia s foreign agents law had been  used to justify a constant stream of raids, harassment, and legal proceedings that effectively obstruct non-governmental organizations from doing their work.  The law, signed by President Vladimir Putin on Saturday, allows Moscow to force foreign media to brand news they provide to Russians as the work of  foreign agents  and to disclose their funding sources. The legislation was rushed through Russia s parliament in two weeks after the United States required Russian state broadcaster RT to register its U.S.-based affiliate company as a  foreign agent.  Nauert rejected any comparison between the U.S. and Russian laws, saying the American law did not limit publication of information or restrict the organization s ability to operate. The move is part of the fallout from allegations that Russia interfered in last year s U.S. presidential campaign to try to help Donald Trump win. U.S. intelligence officials have accused the Kremlin of using Russian media to influence U.S. voters. Moscow has denied meddling in the U.S. election.  Expanding the Foreign Agents Law to include media outlets opens the door to onerous requirements that could further stifle freedom of speech and editorial independence in Russia,  Nauert said. ",1
13628,"Trump, Japan's Abe agree to boost deterrence against North Korea: Japan government","TOKYO (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agreed to boost their response to North Korea s missile program and urged China to do more, a government spokesman said on Wednesday. In a phone call the leaders  agreed to strengthen our deterrence capability against the North Korean threat,  Yasutoshi Nishimura, deputy chief cabinet secretary, told reporters after Pyongyang fired what Japan said appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile into waters in Japan s exclusive economic zone. Trump and Abe also  agreed that China needs to play an increased role  in countering North Korea, Nishimura said. They did not discuss military options toward North Korea,  Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a separate news conference. Japan will work closely with the United States and South Korea in response to the missile launch, Suga said. ",1
13629,U.S. State Department criticizes Cuban municipal vote as 'flawed',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department said on Tuesday that municipal elections in Cuba over the weekend were flawed because authorities used  intimidation, arcane technicalities and false charges  to keep independent candidates off of the ballot.  The elections that took place further demonstrate how the Cuban regime maintains an authoritarian state while attempting to sell the myth of a democracy around the world,  State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert told a briefing.  Despite courageous efforts by an unprecedented number of independent candidates this year, none were allowed on the ballot.  ",1
13630,Britain's May heads to Middle East,"LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May will travel to the Middle East this week to lend her support to economic reforms in Saudi Arabia and Jordan, her spokesman said. Her trip comes as Britain is looking for new relationships around the world, to replace those it will lose after it quits the European Union in a little more than a year. She will meet Saudi King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, where she will also discuss the crisis in Yemen and the dispute in Qatar. In Jordan, she will meet King Abdullah and Prime Minister Hanu Mulki. The London Stock Exchange is competing now to host part of Saudi Aramco s [IPO-ARMO.SE] initial public offering. Britain said this month it would provide $2 billion in credit guarantees to the energy company so it can buy British goods more easily. On Tuesday, British foreign minister Boris Johnson hosted officials from Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Oman and the United States to discuss humanitarian aid in Yemen, where aid agencies have complained about a port blockade. Aid agencies say it has worsened the crisis in Yemen where war has left an estimated 7 million people facing famine and killed more than 10,000 people. ",1
13631,"South Korea's Moon condemns missile launch, says provocation had been anticipated","SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea s President Moon Jae-in said on Wednesday he strongly condemns North Korea s latest ballistic missile launch, noting it had been anticipated and that the government had been preparing for it in advance. Moon added that there is no choice but for the international community to continue applying pressure and sanctions against North Korea. The president made the comments at a national security meeting held shortly after North Korea launched what appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile that landed close to Japan.  ",1
13632,France's Macron condemns missile test conducted by North Korea,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron condemned on Tuesday what appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile test conducted by North Korea and called for greater pressure on Pyongyang.  I condemn the new ballistic irresponsible trial of North Korea. It reinforces our determination to increase the pressure on Pyongyang and our solidarity to our partners,  Macron said on Twitter.  ",1
13633,"NATO sees growing Russia, China challenge; higher risk of war","BERLIN (Reuters) - China s growing military strength and a resurgent Russia will pose growing challenges to the trans-Atlantic alliance in coming years, and NATO s moves to bolster its capabilities could trigger a new Cold War-style arms race, a NATO report said. The report, completed once every four years, identifies 20 global trends that are likely to affect the alliance through 2035, ranging from artificial intelligence and accelerating technology development to climate change and growing inequality. General Denis Mercier, NATO Supreme Allied Commander Transformation, told Reuters the report showed a higher risk of major interstate war than in the 2013 report.  We see a considerable increase in the risk of a major interstate conflict,  Mercier said in an interview on the sidelines of the Berlin Security Conference. His command will release a companion report that maps out what NATO should do to respond to these trends in the spring, with both documents to inform the 2019 NATO political guidance.  Having a global awareness is more necessary than before. We have to be ready for any kind of scenario,  Mercier said, noting that globalization meant NATO had to weigh factors outside its region, including military expansion by China and India. Easy access to technology and the global nature of cyberspace would make it easier for terrorist networks to expand, challenging the current near-monopoly that state actors have on high-tech weapons, the report said. Environmental factors would also play a bigger role, from higher rates of natural disasters to the increased opening of the Arctic, the report said, as well as a growth in global debt and erosion of trust in financial institutions. The report said defense spending had begun increasing after Russia s annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine in 2014, and projections called for further increases through 2045. But it warned that the increases  might create a security dilemma and start an arms race, as was the case during the Cold War . It said competing budget priorities and fiscal constraints in member states could hamper their ability to meet NATO alliance requirement in the future. Mercier said NATO was already working to expand its capabilities in the cyber domain, and to ensure cyber protections were baked into every weapons system and network from the outset.  In NATO, we are under permanent attack in cyber,  he said, noting that the alliance had proven  quite good  at protecting itself thus far, but needed to remain vigilant. ",1
13634,Trump says North Korea missile launch 'a situation that we will handle',"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that the United States  will take care of  the North Korea issue after its latest missile launch, and that the basic U.S. approach to dealing with Pyongyang will not change. Trump has tightened sanctions on North Korea and pressured China to do more to help rein in Pyongyang s ballistic missile and nuclear ambitions. North Korea fired what the U.S. Pentagon said appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that landed close to Japan on Wednesday. Trump said the missile launch did not change what he called the  very serious  U.S. approach, a week after he put North Korea back on a U.S. list of countries that Washington says support terrorism.  I will only tell you that we will take care of it... It is a situation that we will handle,  Trump told reporters during a meeting with Republican congressional leaders at the White House. U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis, who was also at the meeting, said the ICBM launch was a higher trajectory than any test conducted thus far by North Korea and called it part of a research and development effort.  It went higher frankly than any previous shots they have taken,  Mattis said. He said South Korea retaliated by firing some pinpoint missiles into the water to show North Korea that the U.S. ally would not be rattled by Pyongyang s launch. North Korea has said its weapons program is a necessary defense against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea as a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, denies any such intention. ",1
13635,U.S. top diplomat urges new steps to press North Korea to abandon weapons programs,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday strongly condemned North Korea s launch of an apparent intercontinental ballistic missile and urged the international community to take new steps to press Pyongyang to halt development of nuclear arms.  In addition to implementing all existing U.N. sanctions, the international community must take additional measures to enhance maritime security, including the right to interdict maritime traffic  traveling to North Korea, Tillerson said in a statement. Tillerson said the United States and Canada would convene a meeting of U.N. countries, including South Korea, Japan and other affected nations, to discuss  how the global community can counter North Korea s threat to international peace.  ",1
13636,Salvador court finds ex-president Funes illegally enriched himself,"SAN SALVADOR (Reuters) - An El Salvador court on Tuesday ruled in a civil case that former President Mauricio Funes and one of his sons had illegally enriched themselves and ordered them to pay nearly $420,000 in restitution to the government, a prosecutor said.  The country s second civil court ruled that Funes could not justify $206,665 of his assets, while his son Diego Funes could not prove the origin of $212,484, government prosecutor Cecilia Galindo told reporters following a closed-door ruling.  The court also recommended that prosecutors file criminal charges against Funes, she said.  El Salvador s attorney general had sought to recover $1.23 million from Funes and his family.  The court acquitted Funes  ex-wife and the current social inclusion minister, Vanda Pignato, of similar charges, Galindo said. She did not specify why the court had levied a smaller fine than was sought by prosecutors.   Funes, a former journalist, was elected in 2009 and brought the party formed by a former leftist guerrilla group, the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN), to power for the first time following a 1980-1992 civil war. His term ended in 2014 and he sought asylum in Nicaragua last year after claiming he was being politically persecuted.  Funes said in his Twitter account that he rejected  the unjust and arbitrary sentence  of the court.    You can not condemn defendants for stealing money from the state and say their assets are illegal just because there is pressure from the Right to do so. We will appeal this sentence,  Funes said in a post. ",1
13637,U.S. requests U.N. Security Council meet on North Korea missile launch: diplomats,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States and Japan have requested that the United Nations Security Council meet on Wednesday to discuss North Korea s latest missile launch, diplomats said on Tuesday. North Korea has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006 over its ballistic missiles and nuclear programs. Typically, China and Russia view only a test of a long-range missile or a nuclear weapons as a trigger for further possible U.N. sanctions. ",1
13638,U.S. general sees no change in Pakistan behavior despite Trump tough line,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. general in Afghanistan said on Tuesday that he had not seen a change in Pakistan s support for militants so far, despite President Donald Trump taking a tougher line against Islamabad. U.S. officials have long been frustrated by what they see as Pakistan s reluctance to act against groups such as the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani network that they believe exploit safe haven on Pakistani soil to launch attacks on neighboring Afghanistan. In August, Trump outlined a new strategy for the war in Afghanistan, chastising Pakistan over its alleged support for Afghan militants. He accused Pakistan of harboring  agents of chaos  and providing safe havens to militant groups waging an insurgency against a U.S.-backed government in Kabul. U.S. official expressed hope that relations between the two countries could improve after a kidnapped U.S.-Canadian couple and their three children were freed in Pakistan in October. The couple was abducted in neighboring Afghanistan.   We have been very direct and very clear with the Pakistanis... we have not seen those changes implemented yet,  General John Nicholson told reporters.  We are hoping to see those changes, we are hoping to work together with the Pakistanis going forward to eliminate terrorists who are crossing  the border, Nicholson said.  He said that he believed that senior Taliban leaders were based in Pakistan, while the lower-level leadership was in Afghanistan.  Nicholson added that he agreed with other senior U.S. officials that Pakistan s main spy agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) directorate, had ties to the Haqqani network militant group.  The United States in 2012 designated the Pakistan-based Haqqani network as a terrorist organization.  Pakistan says it has done a great deal to help the United States in tracking down terrorists. The four-star general said he had seen evidence of relations between Iran and the Taliban in western Afghanistan and was closely tracking it. The United States has sent more than 3,000 additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan as a part of Trump s South Asia strategy. Nicholson said over 1,000 troops would be advising Afghan troops at the battalion level, putting them closer to the fighting and at greater risk. Nicholson gave an optimistic view of the situation, saying he believed  we are on our way to a win.   U.S. officials have made similar statements during the course of the 16-year-old war, but the situation according to many U.S. officials remains in a  stalemate.  According to a recent report by a U.S. government watchdog, the Taliban had increased the amount of territory it has influence over or controls in Afghanistan in the past six months. The figures are a sign of the deteriorating security situation in the war-torn country, even as the United States has committed more troops. ",1
13639,NATO says North Korea missile launch undermines international security,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - North Korea s latest missile launch undermines regional and international security and Pyongyang needs to re-engage in credible dialogue with the international community, NATO said in a statement on Tuesday. North Korea fired a missile that landed close to Japan in the early hours of Wednesday, the first test by Pyongyang since a missile fired over its neighbor in mid-September. The Pentagon said its initial assessment was that it was an intercontinental ballistic missile.  I strongly condemn North Korea s new ballistic missile test. This is a further breach of multiple UN Security Council Resolutions, undermining regional and international security,  Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of the trans-Atlantic NATO alliance said in a statement. ",1
13640,Syrian Kurdish militia open fire on Turkish border post: CNN Turk,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Syrian Kurdish PYD forces sprayed a Turkish border post with gunfire late on Tuesday, wounding one soldier, and Turkey responded with artillery fire, private broadcaster CNN Turk said  The gunfire came from Afrin province in northwest Syria, it added. No further information was immediately available. Turkey views the PYD and its armed YPG affiliate as offshoots of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a decades-long insurgency in Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by Ankara, the United States and the European Union. ",1
13641,North Korean missile launch unacceptable violation of its obligations: EU,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - North Korea s latest missile launch is a  further unacceptable violation  of its international obligations, a spokeswoman for the European Union foreign affairs chief said on Tuesday. North Korea fired a missile that landed close to Japan in the early hours of Wednesday, the first test by Pyongyang since a missile fired over its neighbor in mid-September. The Pentagon said its initial assessment was that it was an intercontinental ballistic missile.  This launch represents a further grave provocation, and a serious threat to international security,  a spokeswoman for Federica Mogherini said. ",1
13642,Rouhani says Saudis call Iran an enemy to conceal defeat in region,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Tuesday that Saudi Arabia presents Iran as an enemy because it wants to cover up its defeats in the region.   Saudi Arabia was unsuccessful in Qatar, was unsuccessful in Iraq, in Syria and recently in Lebanon. In all of these areas, they were unsuccessful,  Rouhani said in the interview live on state television.  So they want to cover up their defeats.  The Sunni Muslim kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran back rival sides in the wars and political crises throughout the region.  Saudi Arabia s Crown Prince called the Supreme Leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei,  the new Hitler of the Middle East  in an interview with the New York Times published last week, escalating the war of words between the arch-rivals. Tensions soared this month when Lebanon s Saudi-allied Prime Minister Saad Hariri resigned in a television broadcast from Riyadh, citing the influence of Iran-backed Hezbollah in Lebanon and risks to his life. Hezbollah called the move an act of war engineered by Saudi authorities, an accusation they denied.  Hariri returned to Lebanon last week and suspended his resignation but has continued his criticism of Hezbollah. Iran, Iraq, Syria and Russia form a line of resistance in the region that has worked toward stability and achieved  big accomplishments , Rouhani said in the interview, which was reviewing his first 100 days in office in his second term. Separately, Rouhani defended his government s response to an earthquake in western Iran two weeks ago, a major challenges for his administration. The magnitude 7.3 quake, Iran s worst in more than a decade, killed at least 530 people and injured thousands. The government s response has become a lightning rod for Rouhani s hard-line rivals, who have said the government did not respond adequately or quickly to the disaster. Supreme Leader Khamenei, the highest authority in Iran, has also criticized the government response. Hard-line media outlets have highlighted the role played by the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps, the most powerful military body in Iran and an economic powerhouse worth billions of dollars, in helping victims of the earthquake. Government ministries have provided health care for victims and temporary housing has been sent to the earthquake zone, but problems still exist, Rouhani said in the interview. ",1
13643,Brazil struggles to help state dependent on Venezuela for power,"SAO PAULO (Reuters) - The Brazilian government is looking at all options, including large batteries, to help northern Roraima state with power supplies after a series of blackouts in recent months largely related to its dependency on cash-strapped neighbor Venezuela. Roraima is the only Brazilian state not connected to the national power grid. Its capital, Boa Vista, and most other cities in the state are supplied by power produced in Venezuela and transmitted through a line that was opened in 2001. Documents produced by a Brazilian government committee monitoring the power sector show the state suffered 17 large-scale power outages since August. The documents, seen by Reuters, said only one instance was not related to Venezuela. The situation underscores how Venezuela s economic collapse is affecting its neighbors. Roraima is already dealing with a flood of Venezuelan migrants looking for food and work.  The economic situation in Venezuela is precarious, and it affects power line maintenance,   F bio Lopes Alves, electricity secretary at Brazil s Energy Ministry, told Reuters.  It is extremely worrying, we are studying how to assist them,  he said. The Energy and the Information ministries in Venezuela did not respond to requests for comment. A source at state-controlled Venezuelan power firm Corpoelec acknowledged that lack of maintenance is hurting Venezuela s power transmission system.   The dams are full of water, the rainy season has filled the dams, but the lack of maintenance means that we still have power outages,  the source said, asking not to be named because he was not authorized to speak about the issue. Brazil s government is evaluating quickly awarding licenses for companies to build local power generation projects of various types, including both renewable and non-renewable energy. It is also studying the possibility of buying large-scale batteries. Asked why Roraima is still not connected to the national power grid, Alves said a project for a new line awarded in 2011 to a consortium formed by Centrais El tricas Brasileiras SA and Alupar Investimento SA was never built because of difficulties obtaining environmental permits.  Roraima is home to some of the largest indigenous lands in Brazil, such as the Raposa Serra do Sol reserve with 1.74 million hectares (4.2 million acres), an area similar to that of Kuwait. The proposed line would cut through one of them. The government plans to award a new license early next year for the construction of a power line to connect Roraima to the grid, Alves said. ",1
13644,UK government official says 'does not recognize' reported Brexit bill settlement,"LONDON (Reuters) - A British government official cast doubt on a newspaper report on Tuesday that Britain and the EU had reached a financial settlement of between 45 billion and 55 billion euros.  I do not recognize this account of the negotiations,  said the government official, who declined to be named. ",1
13645,"UK bows to EU, will assume liabilities worth up to 100 billion euros: FT","(Reuters) - The UK has agreed to fully honor its financial commitments to the European Union, assuming liabilities worth up to 100 billion euros ($118.44 billion), as part of its agreement with the European Union on the Brexit divorce bill, the Financial Times reported on Tuesday. The UK's net payments on the liabilities, discharged over many decades, could fall to less than half that amount, FT said, citing several diplomats familiar with the talks. on.ft.com/2zwsRm3 Britain and the EU have reached agreement on a Brexit divorce bill of between 45 billion and 55 billion euros, the Daily Telegraph newspaper reported earlier on Tuesday. The newspaper also said that an agreement in principle has now been reached over the EU s demand for a 60 billion-euro  financial settlement. The European Commission declined to comment on the FT report.  ",1
13646,UK says seeking to build on 'momentum' for Brexit talks breakthrough,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain is seeking to build on the  recent momentum  in the Brexit divorce talks with the European Union before a summit next month, a spokeswoman for Britain s Department for Exiting the European Union said on Tuesday.  We are exploring how we can continue to build on recent momentum in the talks so that together we can move the negotiations on to the next phase and discuss our future partnership,  the spokeswoman said. She was responding to reports in British newspapers that Britain and the EU had reached agreement on a Brexit divorce bill which is likely to total around 50 billion euros, potentially heralding a breakthrough in the negotiations. ",1
13647,"U.S. threatens South Sudan action, Russia warns against U.N. measures","UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States threatened on Tuesday to take further action against the South Sudan government if it does not end violence and allow United Nations peacekeepers to do their job, but U.N. sanctions are unlikely as Russia has warned against such a move. A month after U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley visited South Sudan and met with President Salva Kiir in the capital Juba, she told the U.N. Security Council:  Words are no longer sufficient.   The United States is prepared to pursue additional measures against the government   or any party, for that matter   if they do not act to end the violence and ease the suffering in South Sudan,  said Haley, who was the most senior member of President Donald Trump s administration to visit South Sudan. The Trump administration imposed sanctions in September on two senior South Sudanese officials and the former army chief for their role in the civil war and attacks against civilians.  However, any U.S. push for the U.N. Security Council to take further action against South Sudan is likely to be resisted by veto power Russia. The council sanctioned several senior South Sudanese officials on both sides of the conflict in 2015, but a U.S. bid to impose an arms embargo in December 2016 failed.   It is counterproductive to impose targeted sanctions, counterproductive to impose an arms embargo, such measures will not help to break this deadlock and will only further exacerbate the crisis,  Russia s Deputy U.N. Ambassador Petr Iliichev. South Sudan spiraled into civil war in late 2013, two years after gaining independence from Sudan, and a third of the 12 million population has fled their homes. The conflict was sparked by a feud between Kiir, a Dinka, and his former deputy Riek Machar, a Nuer, who is being held in South Africa. A fragile peace deal in South Sudan broke down last year and East African bloc IGAD has been trying to revive it.   We view as unjust the ongoing attempts to place all blame for the persistent unabated violence on Juba alone, it has done its role, now the opposition must reciprocate,  Iliichev said.  U.N. sanctions monitors reported earlier this month that despite the catastrophic conditions across South Sudan, armed forces, groups and militias - particularly those affiliated with Kiir and Vice President Taban Deng Gai - continued to  actively impede both humanitarian and peacekeeping operations.  ",1
13648,"Kenya president sworn in, rival Odinga promises own inauguration","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta was sworn in for a second term on Tuesday, shortly before riot police teargassed the convoy of opposition leader Raila Odinga, who promised supporters he would be sworn in himself on Dec. 12. Such a move would only deepen divisions opened by the extended election season in Kenya, a Western ally in a volatile region. Months of acrimonious campaigns and sporadic clashes have already blunted growth in East Africa s richest economy.  At a lavish inauguration attended by the heads of many African nations, Kenyatta did his best to paint a picture of a country moving beyond that divide.    The elections are now firmly behind us ... I will devote my time and energy to build bridges,  he told a rapturous crowd of around 60,000 supporters as he was sworn in for a second, five-year term in a sports stadium in the capital Nairobi.      But, he warned, Kenyans needed to  free ourselves from the baggage of past grievances, and ... keep to the rule of law . Such words may ring hollow to citizens accustomed to the government ignoring reports on corruption from the country s auditor-general and documentation of hundreds of extrajudicial police killings every year from human rights groups.  Last year, Kenyatta angered many Kenyans by saying he wanted to tackle corruption but his  hands are tied . His government has also promised to improve police accountability, but an independent watchdog has managed to convict only two officers of murder despite thousands of brutality complaints. On Tuesday, at least one Odinga supporter was killed and three others were injured, a Reuters witness said. Other witnesses said the man had been shot by the police.  A statement from Odinga said five people were shot, including his daughter s driver. Television stations KTN and NTV reported that a 7-year-old boy was hit by a stray bullet while playing on the balcony of a house near the site of a planned opposition prayer meeting.   When I came home, I did not know it was my child who had been killed. Police were passing by shooting,  Peter Mutuku, the boy s father, was quoted saying on NTV. Police could not immediately be reached for comment. Less than an hour after Kenyatta spoke, Kenyan national television carried pictures of riot police swinging clubs at civilians with their hands up.  I didn t hear him say a single word on corruption and how he s going to fight it. I didn t hear anything on justice,  said prominent anti-corruption campaigner Boniface Mwangi.  When he says that there s the rule of law, his actions and the actions of his government show there s no rule of law.  Kenyatta won a repeat presidential election on Oct. 26 that was boycotted by Odinga, who said it would not be free and fair. The Supreme Court nullified the first presidential election, in August, over irregularities.  Supporters of Kenyatta - who won the October poll with 98 percent of the vote after Odinga s boycott - want the opposition to engage in talks and move on.  I m sure Uhuru will be able to bring people together and unite them so we can all work for the country,  said Eunice Jerobon, a trader who traveled overnight from the Rift Valley town of Kapsabet for the inauguration. But Odinga s supporters see such talk of unity as tantamount to surrender. Many of them are drawn from poorer parts of the country, and feel angered because they say they are locked out of power and the patronage it brings. Political arguments often have ethnic undercurrents, with Odinga s supporters pointing out that three of the country s four presidents have come from one ethnic group, the Kikuyu, although the country has 44 recognized groups.  Odinga accuses the ruling party of stealing the election, overseeing rampant corruption, directing abuse by the security forces and neglecting vast swathes of the country, including Odinga s heartland in the west.    This election of October 26 is fake. We do not recognize it,  Odinga told supporters from the rooftop of a car.  On Dec. 12, we will have an assembly that will swear me in.   Shortly after that, riot police teargassed his convoy and charged his supporters.  The opposition had planned to hold a prayer meeting in the capital on Tuesday, saying it wanted to commemorate the lives of Odinga supporters killed during confrontations with the security forces over the election period.  More than 70 people have been killed in political violence this election season, mostly by the police. Riot police sealed off the scene of the rally in the morning, and fired teargas at residents, trying to prevent a crowd from gathering, as a helicopter hovered overhead. Roads were blocked by burning tyres, rocks and uprooted billboards.  In his speech, Kenyatta promised to raise living standards by increasing jobs, home ownership, electricity connections and health insurance coverage.  He also said all Africans would now get visas on arrival in Kenya, and members of the East African community could own property, work and live in Kenya, adding  to underscore Kenya s commitment to pan Africanism, this shall not be done on the basis of reciprocity .   ",1
13649,Macron's promise of new France-Africa ties raises heckles,"OUAGADOUGOU (Reuters) - France s President Emmanuel Macron told African youths on Tuesday that he belonged to a new generation of French leaders who would build partnerships with the continent rather than tell it what to do. But a youth protest against him, stones pelting one of his delegation s vehicles and a botched grenade attack on French troops hours before his arrival in Burkina Faso s capital Ouagadougou showed the hostility that still lingers after decades of an often tense France-Africa relationship. Macron was also subjected to rowdy student questions at the university after his speech in Ouagadougou, and was sometimes left fruitlessly hushing as he struggled to get his answers heard above the crowd. In his speech, peppered with references to African nationalists such as Nelson Mandela and Burkina s revolutionary leader Thomas Sankara, Macron promised a break with a past in which France often seemed to call the shots to former colonies.  I am from a generation that doesn t come to tell Africans what to do,  Macron said, prompting applause.  I am from a generation for whom Nelson Mandela s victory is one of the best political memories.  The 39-year-old is on a three-day visit to Burkina Faso, Ghana and Ivory Coast aimed at boosting cooperation in education, the digital economy and migration.  I will be alongside those who believe that Africa is neither a lost continent or one that needs to be saved,  he said. The grenade attack missed the French soldiers but wounded three civilians hours before Macron arrived. No group claimed responsibility.  Stones were thrown at a delegation convoy, however Macron was far away from it at a meeting with his Burkina counterpart, Roch Marc Kabore in the presidential palace. Dozens of local youths clashed with security forces in the center of the capital throwing stones. Police responded with teargas. Protesters burnt T-shirts with images of Macron and carried slogans including  Down with new-colonialism  and  French military out of Burkina . It was not the first time a French president has promised to break with past French politics on the continent.  Macron s predecessor Francois Hollande declared while visiting Senegal in 2012 that  the time of La Francafrique is over , referring to a shadowy network of diplomats, soldiers and businessmen who manipulated African leaders for decades after independence.  But it comes at a tense time, when French troops are being sucked deeper into a years-long battle to quell Islamist militancy in the Sahel region.    France has 4,000 troops deployed there, and there are mixed feelings about their presence - highlighted in a bitter row between France and Mali over the deaths of 11 Malian troops being held captive by Islamist militants in a French air strike.    The French are pinning their hopes on the so-called G5 Sahel force being set up by regional country s with French and American backing. It launched a campaign on Oct. 28 amid growing unrest in the desert reaches of the region, where jihadists allied to al Qaeda or inspired by Islamic State roam undetected. Macron earlier told journalists G5 had been too slow to get established.   He said he would call for greater co-operation between Europe and Africa to tackle human trafficking and he touted a European initiative to rescue African migrants from being enslaved in Libya. The exchange with heckling students was typical Macron, who during his presidential campaign often managed to turn initially hostile crowds in his favor by answering questions head on.  You speak to me like I m a colonial power, but I don t want to look after electricity in Burkina Faso. That s the work of your president,  he retorted to one hostile questioner.  (Refiles to remove extraneous repeated references to capital) ",1
13650,"Turkey suggests plan to extend military mission in Syria to Afrin, Aleppo","ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey said on Tuesday it could expand its military mission in Syria to two other provinces, potentially bringing its forces into confrontation with U.S.-backed Kurdish fighters that Ankara considers its enemies. Turkish troops have operated an  observation mission  in rebel-held territory in Syria s northwestern Idlib province, under a deal with Damascus allies Russia and Iran to help reduce fighting between insurgents and government forces.  It s been considered that the observation mission of the Turkish armed forces in the Idlib de-escalation zone is continuing successfully, and such a mission being performed near Western Aleppo and Afrin would provide a real environment of peace and safety,  Turkey s National Security Council said in a statement. Ankara, which has long backed rebels fighting to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad, has toned down its demands that Assad leave power. It now says its main concerns in Syria are combating both Islamist militants and Kurdish fighters it considers allies of the Kurdistan Workers  Party (PKK) which has fought a decades-long insurgency in southeastern Turkey. Earlier this month, Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said that Turkey needed to clear the Afrin region of northwest Syria of Kurdish YPG militia fighters as the military operation in Idlib province is largely complete. The Kurdish YPG is the main element in a U.S.-backed force that Washington has assisted with training, weapons, air support and help from ground advisers in the battle against Islamic State. Washington s support for the YPG is a bone of contention between the United States and Turkey, which are allies in NATO. ",1
13651,"North Korea fires ballistic missile; U.S., South Korea analyzing: South Korea military","SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea fired one ballistic missile from Pyongsong, a city in South Pyongan Province, at around 1817 GMT over the sea between South Korea and Japan, South Korea s Joint Chiefs of Staff said on Wednesday.  South Korea and the United States are currently analyzing what type of missile North Korea was fired, the military said in a text. Minutes after the North fired the missile, South Korea s military conducted a missile-firing test in response to the provocation, the South Korean military added. (This story corrects launch time to 1817 GMT, not 0617 GMT)  ",1
13652,U.S. experts think North Korea could launch missile 'within days': government sources,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. government experts think North Korea could conduct a new missile test within days, in what would be its first launch since it fired a missile over Japan in mid-September, two  authoritative U.S. government sources said on Tuesday. One of the sources, who did not want to be identified, said the United States had evidence that Japanese reports about the monitoring of signals suggesting North Korea was preparing a new missile test were accurate.  Both sources said U.S. government experts believed a new test could occur  within days.  A Japanese government source said earlier on Tuesday that Japan had detected radio signals suggesting North Korea may be preparing another ballistic missile launch, although such signals were not unusual and satellite images did not show fresh activity. South Korea s Yonhap news agency, citing a South Korean government source, also reported that intelligence officials of the United States, South Korea and Japan had recently detected signs of a possible missile launch and have been on higher alert. The U.S. officials who spoke to Reuters declined to say what type of missile they think North Korea might test, but noted that Pyongyang had been working to develop nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States and had already tested inter-continental ballistic missiles. Other U.S. intelligence officials have noted that North Korea has previously sent deliberately misleading signs of preparations for missile and nuclear tests. These have been in part to mask real preparations, and in part to test U.S. and allied intelligence on its activities. After firing missiles at a rate of about two or three a month since April, North Korea paused its missile launches in late September, after it fired a missile that passed over Japan s northern Hokkaido island on Sept. 15. Last week, North Korea denounced U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to relist it as a state sponsor of terrorism, calling it a  serious provocation and violent infringement.  The designation allows the United States to impose more sanctions, though some experts said it risked inflaming tensions. Trump has traded insults and threats with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and warned in his maiden speech to the United Nations in September that the United States would have no choice but to  totally destroy  North Korea if forced to defend itself or its allies. Washington has said repeatedly that all options are on the table in dealing with North Korea, including military ones, but that it prefers a peaceful solution by Pyongyang agreeing to give up its nuclear and missile programs. To this end, Trump has pursued a policy of encouraging countries around the world, including North Korea s main ally and neighbor, China, to step up sanctions on Pyongyang to persuade it to give up its weapons programs.  North Korea has given no indication it is willing to re-enter dialogue on those terms. South Korean Unification Minister Chow Myoung-gyon told reporters on Tuesday there had been  noteworthy  movements from the North since its last missile launch, including engine tests, but there was no hard evidence of another nuclear or missile test.  North Korea hasn t been engaging in new nuclear or missile tests but recently we ve seen them persistently testing engines and carrying out fuel tests,  he said.  But we need some more time to see whether these are directly related to missile and nuclear tests.  Cho said North Korea may announce the completion of its nuclear program within a year, as it is moving more quickly than expected in developing its arsenal. North Korea defends its weapons programs as a necessary defense against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which has 28,500 troops in South Korea as a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, denies any such intention. ",1
13653,North Korea fires unidentified ballistic missile: U.S. officials,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea has fired an unidentified ballistic missile, U.S. officials told Reuters on Tuesday on condition of anonymity, without immediately offering further details. The launch would be North Korea s first since it fired a missile over Japan in mid-September.  ",1
13654,Pentagon confirms 'probable' North Korean missile launch,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Tuesday that it had detected a  probable  missile launch from North Korea.  We detected a probable missile launch from North Korea. We are in the process of assessing the situation and will provide additional details when available,  Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning told reporters.  He said the probable launch was detected at 1:30 p.m. EST (1830 GMT). ",1
13655,Son of Sicilian mafia boss gets a year in a 'workhouse',"ROME (Reuters) - An Italian judge ruled on Tuesday that a convicted mobster and son of late boss Salvatore  Toto  Riina be detained for a year in a secure labor unit, a judicial source said, less than two weeks after his father died, leaving the Sicilian mafia s future uncertain. Convicted of mafia membership in 2004 and sentenced to nearly nine years in prison before being released on parole, Giuseppe Salvatore Riina, 40, has been under police surveillance in the northern town of Padua. Criminals who are deemed dangerous to society or likely to re-offend can be sent to a secure unit, known as a  workhouse  in Italy, with the aim of rehabilitating them into society through manual labor. In Riina s case, investigators in Rome found that he had contact with drug dealers, prompting a prosecutor in Padua to ask for him to be held under tighter security, the source said.  Riina declined to comment through his lawyer.  A decision has not yet been taken on which of Italy s five workhouses Riina will be sent to, the source said. The judge handed down a one-year term, rather than the three years the Padua prosecutor had requested. On state television last year, Riina said he had been happy during his childhood, when his fugitive father lived under an assumed name. Toto Riina died on Nov. 17 in a hospital in Parma, the Italian city where he had been serving 26 life sentences for murders committed between 1969 and 1992. Nicknamed the  boss of bosses , Toto Riina changed the structure of the Sicilian mafia, concentrating power in his own hands. His savagery prompted hundreds of mobsters to testify against him, allowing magistrates to uncover the secrets of Cosa Nostra and prosecute its leaders.   ",1
13656,Difficult migration debate looms as African and EU leaders meet,"ABIDJAN (Reuters) - European leaders under pressure from a far-right revival at home hope to avoid a difficult debate about immigration when they meet their African counterparts in Ivory Coast from Wednesday. Reports this month of abuses against African migrants in Libya have sparked anger across the continent however, threatening to drive migration to the top of the summit agenda and shine a spotlight on an issue fraught with political risk.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron, who head the Franco-German axis at the heart of the European Union, will have its next major political test in mind when they sit down with African Union heads of state. Italy, on the frontline of the campaign to slow illegal migration to Europe, holds elections early next year and the populist 5-Star Movement is leading opinion polls. The anti-immigrant, eurosceptic Northern League is also gaining support.   We all have our own interests in not turning this into a migration conference,  one EU official said ahead of the meeting to be held in Ivory Coast s commercial capital Abidjan. The summit is meant to focus on development, long the cornerstone of EU policy in Africa and tangentially related to migration. The theme of investing in youth, though, is a nod to the rampant unemployment and poverty that drives many young Africans to leave home in search of a better life. But it now looks increasingly unlikely the EU leaders can avoid hard questions from their African counterparts. Soon after CNN aired grainy images from Libya this month appearing to show migrants being sold as slaves, African governments began recalling diplomats from Tripoli.  Protests erupted in France, Senegal and Benin. Ivory Coast President Alassane Ouattara called for Libyan slave traders to be prosecuted by the International Criminal Court. Libyan authorities have promised to investigate the slavery allegations. But the European Union too has been the target of anger and frustration.  They re the ones who blocked the way and left us in the hands of these Libyans,  said Cherifou Sahindou, sitting at a make-shift tea stand by a muddy, rubbish-strewn track near a mosque in Abidjan s Yopougon neighborhood. Sahindou and some of the other men around the tea stand said they made it to Libya, but no further. All had heard about the slave markets and all knew someone who had  stayed in the water  - the local euphemism for death on the migrant trail. Like many African leaders, Ouattara has called for Europe to broaden the legal avenues for migration from the continent using mechanisms such as student and temporary work visas.  Europe and Europeans ... should not be afraid, because Africa and the African youth can bring a lot to Europe,  he said in an interview with the France 24 news channel this week. But in the current political climate any proposal for more Africans to enter Europe is a non-starter for many EU leaders. Merkel herself is the most high-profile victim of an anti-immigration backlash. At the peak of the migrant influx into Europe in 2015 she declared an open door policy for refugees and asylum seekers, allowing in more than a million migrants. The anti-immigrant far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party campaigned hard against the policy and won some 13 percent of the vote in a September election - complicating Merkel s efforts to form a coalition government and weakening her position as the leading EU advocate within Europe. In an indication of how heated things have become, the mayor of a small town in Germany, who won an award from Merkel for his liberal migrant policies, was stabbed in the neck on Monday in an attack believed to be politically motivated. Other European leaders firmly behind the 28-member bloc are also wary of falling foul to such an explosive issue.  If you say,  I ve got a right to total access without conditions  ... I can t explain that to my middle class, who ve worked, who pay their taxes,  Macron said during a rowdy exchange with students in Burkina Faso on Tuesday.  What do I tell them?  It is those kinds of political calculations that are hindering much-needed policy solutions, said William Swing, head of the International Organization for Migration.  The heart of the problem is the very toxic atmosphere that s been fairly widespread for some years now ... That s not just in Europe,  he told Reuters.  The drivers (of migration) are there and they re not going away. So clearly our policies need to change.   European delegates at the summit, however, are expected to pledge aid, repeating often voiced calls for a  Marshall Plan  for Africa that would create jobs and lift incomes to give would-be migrants a reason to stay at home.  The African security sectors charged with clamping down on migrant flows will also get their share of European money. EU support for the Libyan authorities, including Italian assistance for its coastguard, has helped halve the number of migrants arriving in Europe via the Mediterranean this year.  Though lauded in Italy, the program, which has led to massive detention centers being created in Libya to hold intercepted migrants, was denounced by the United Nation s human rights chief Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein. Abdoulaye Dosso, another man at the tea stand in Yopougon, said he crossed the Sahara desert, played dead to survive as rebels shot other migrants, and then spent weeks in one such camp awaiting repatriation to Ivory Coast.  There have been too many deaths,  he said.  There must be a change.  (This story has been refiled to fix typo in French president s name in paragraph 3)  ",1
13657,Syrian government team to arrive in Geneva for peace talks on Wednesday,"BEIRUT/GENEVA (Reuters) - A Syrian government delegation will arrive in Geneva on Wednesday, a day later than expected, to attend peace talks being held there this week, Syrian state news agency SANA said.  The delegation had delayed its planned departure for the talks, which begin on Tuesday, because of the opposition s insistence that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad step down.   \ The United Nations Special Envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, said the government and opposition would have a chance to negotiate directly for the first time, but it was not clear if they would choose to do so.   We are going to offer it. We will see if this takes place. But we will be offering that,  he said after meeting the opposition delegation.  De Mistura has received assurances that the Syrian government delegation will attend the talks, U.N. spokeswoman Alessandra Vellucci told a Geneva news briefing.  At least we know that they are coming,  she said, declining to give details on who transmitted the message from Damascus. De Mistura said the government had accepted a Russian suggestion of a ceasefire in the besieged rebel-held enclave of Eastern Ghouta near Damascus. Bombardment on the area killed three people on Tuesday, a war monitor said earlier.  A delegation from the newly-unified Syrian opposition, which arrived in the Swiss city on Monday, is due to hold a first meeting with de Mistura later on Tuesday, she said. In an emailed statement, the opposition negotiating committee said it was ready to meet the government side.   It (the government) no longer has the pretext that the opposition is fragmented. We are one. We are ready to negotiate directly with the other side,  said Yahya Aridi, the head of the negotiation committee.  Earlier, the pro-Damascus Syrian newspaper al-Watan reported that the Syrian government delegation to an eighth round of peace talks in Geneva this week has not yet left Damascus. It had reported on Monday that the delay was because of the opposition s insistence that Assad step down, which he has refused to do. Nasr Hariri, head of the opposition delegation, told a Geneva news conference on Monday night that he is aiming for Assad s removal as a result of negotiations.  The government delegation will be headed by Syria s U.N. ambassador and chief negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari, SANA said. A breakthrough in the talks is seen as unlikely as Assad and his allies push for total military victory in Syria s civil war, now in its seventh year, and his opponents stick by their demand he leave power.  ",1
13658,Syria accepts Russian plan for ceasefire in besieged zone: U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The Syrian government has accepted a Russian suggestion of a ceasefire in the besieged rebel-held enclave of Eastern Ghouta, U.N. Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura told reporters on Tuesday.  I was just informed by the Russians today at the P5 meeting that the Russians have proposed and the government has accepted a ceasefire on Eastern Ghouta because we were and are very concerned about it,  de Mistura said.  Now we need to see whether this takes place but it s not coincidental that this has actually been proposed and agreed upon just at the beginning of this session (of peace talks in Geneva).   ",1
13659,"Irish deputy PM resigns, averting election threat","DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland s scandal-hit deputy prime minister resigned on Tuesday, averting a government collapse and potential snap election that had threatened to complicate Brexit talks next month between Britain and the European Union.  Opposition parties had demanded Frances Fitzgerald step down after the release of fresh documents about her disputed handling of a police whistleblower who alleged corruption in the force. Fianna Fail, the main opposition party, which props up Fine Gael Prime Minister Leo Varadkar s minority government, said her resignation meant a December election would be avoided. It had warned it might force a snap poll if Fitzgerald refused to quit.  Today I made the decision to tender my resignation to the Taoiseach (prime minister), stepping down with immediate effect,  Fitzgerald said in a statement.  I have decided on this occasion to put the national interest ahead of my own personal reputation. I believe it is necessary to take this decision to avoid an unwelcome and potentially destabilizing general election at this historically critical time.  Ireland s political crisis exploded in the run-up to a key Brexit summit next month at which Varadkar is set to play a major role. He must tell fellow EU leaders whether he believes sufficient progress has been made on the future of the border between Ireland and the British province of Northern Ireland.  The border   the only land frontier between Britain and the EU   is one of three issues Brussels wants broadly resolved before it decides whether to move talks on Britain s divorce from the EU onto a second phase about trade, as Britain wants. While Varadkar has likely avoided the prospect of having to travel to Brussels in a caretaker capacity, his handling of the crisis has badly damaged him, his governing Fine Gael party and relations with its Fianna Fail opponents. While Fitzgerald s ministerial colleagues continued to back her in public ahead of the cabinet meeting at which she stood down, Tuesday s newspaper front pages were full of quotes from unnamed Fine Gael lawmakers and ministers saying she had to go. Some Fine Gael members who spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity said they were furious with Varadkar and Fitzgerald s handling of the crisis, having been forced to spend four days strongly defending the deputy prime minister since it broke. Members of the opposition Labour and Sinn Fein parties and political analysts said as Fitzgerald resigned that an election was still likely to follow in the next three or four months.   Whatever happens today, the timeline of this administration is very much foreshortened by the events of the last two weeks,  Labour leader Brendan Howlin told national broadcaster RTE.  I think right now he (Varadkar) has probably lost the dressing room, you can see that in today s newspapers, and he s done some damage to himself and the stability of the government too,  added Howlin, a former cabinet colleague of Varadkar. The crisis was the first major test of the 38-year-old prime minister who succeeded Enda Kenny in June. With a reputation as a straight-talker, he has been likened to French President Emmanuel Macron and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau by colleagues excited at the prospect of a generational shift. While an opinion poll on Saturday gave Fine Gael a one-point lead over Fianna Fail, bookmaker Paddy Power said on Tuesday that it made Fianna Fail slight favorites to win the most seats at the next election. The two center-right parties are fierce rivals but disagree little on policy. A three-year confidence and supply agreement between them is due to run until this time next year.   I think there is damage (but) nobody is enhanced by this debacle. I don t think either party comes out of it particularly well,  said Theresa Reidy, a politics lecturer at University College Cork, referring to Fine Gael and Fianna Fail.   But Fine Gael are in government so they are more damaged by it.   ",1
13660,Czech election winner Babis says his cabinet to take power before December EU summit,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - Czech ANO party leader Andrej Babis said on Tuesday he expected his minority cabinet to take power on Dec. 13 which would enable him to attend a European Union summit as prime minister. After meeting President Milos Zeman, Babis said he had not yet secured backing for his cabinet in the lower house of parliament, where ANO has 78 out of 200 seats and other parties have so far rejected joining or backing Babis s administration. Lacking any direct left-right ideology, Babis won the October election on pledges to cut corruption among mainstream parties, fight immigration and make government more efficient and pro-business.   I convinced Mr President for an earlier date for appointing the cabinet, on Dec.13, because on Dec. 14 and 15 the European Council will take place which will obviously be very important,  Babis told reporters. The progress of negotiations with Great Britain over its departure from the EU will be the main topic of the summit.  Babis said Zeman would appoint him on Dec. 6 as prime minister, and his full cabinet on Dec. 13, from which date the new team will take power regardless whether it has parliamentary majority.  The main sticking point for Babis, a businessman ranked by Forbes as the second richest Czech worth $4 billion, is that police want parliament to lift his immunity so he can be charged with illegal tapping of an EU subsidy a decade ago.  He denies any wrongdoing but the case has made him toxic for most of the other eight parliamentary factions. A parliamentary vote on his immunity is expected in the coming weeks. Lack of mainstream partners has raised the prospect Babis may negotiate support with the anti-NATO, pro-Russian Communist party and the far-right Freedom and Direct Democracy Party (SPD), which wants to quit the EU, NATO and fight what it calls EU-forced islamisation. Babis has repeatedly said he is ready to clash with EU partners over migration but also praised the EU s role as guarantor of peaceful Europe and said he was a pro-European politician.  If the government loses a confidence vote prescribed within a month of its appointment, it must resign but it will stay in office until another solution is found, which can take months. ",1
13661,"U.N. seeks report from Myanmar on rapes, deaths of Rohingya women","GENEVA (Reuters) - A United Nations women s rights panel called on Myanmar on Tuesday to report within six months on rapes and sexual violence against Rohingya women and girls by its security forces in northern Rakhine state and measures taken to punish soldiers. The U.N. Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW) also asked authorities to provide details on women and girls killed in the violence since the army crackdown began in late August. The campaign, which followed attacks on police posts by Rohingya insurgents, has driven more than 600,000 Rohingya to flee to Bangladesh and left their villages burned to the ground. The rare request for an  exceptional report  from a country was only the panel s fourth since 1982.  We request an exceptional report from a state when a situation of grave, massive and systematic violations occur and these issues are relevant to mandate of the Committee,  panel member Nahla Haidar told Reuters.  The exceptional report is also like a red flag,  she said. The move aimed to help Myanmar authorities  get out of the tunnel of this recent conflict which has really set back Myanmar which was going on the right foot to democratisation , she said.  The U.N. watchdog panel, composed of 23 independent experts, set a six-month deadline for the government to submit the report to U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres.  The Committee requested information concerning cases of sexual violence, including rape, against Rohingya women and girls by State security forces; and to provide details on the number of women and girls who have been killed or have died due to other non-natural causes during the latest outbreak of violence,  it said in a statement. Haider said:  Essentially it s rape, sexual violence which amounts to torture in certain cases for girls and women. And gang-raping also was documented...And yes, torture - rapes used as a systematic weapon of war . The experts requested information on  investigations, arrests, prosecutions, convictions and sentences or disciplinary measures imposed on perpetrators, including members of the armed forces, found guilty of such crimes.  Specifically, they sought information on the battalions that have undertaken the  clearance operations  in northern Rakhine state since August 25  and under whose command . They asked whether instructions have been given or are being issued to all branches of state security forces that torture, sexual violence and expulsions are banned  and that those responsible will be prosecuted and punished . The panel said it wanted to know how many Rohingya women and girls are being detained by security forces.  Pope Francis on Tuesday urged the leaders of majority-Buddhist Myanmar, mired in a crisis over the fate of Muslim Rohingya people, to commit themselves to justice, human rights and respect for  each ethnic group and its identity . ",1
13662,U.S. general backs Germany to host new NATO operations command,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany is best suited to host a new NATO military logistics command, the top U.S. Army general in Europe said on Tuesday. NATO allies this month backed plans for two new military headquarters - an Atlantic command and a logistics command - to help protect Europe in the event of a future conflict. Lieutenant General Ben Hodges told the Berlin Security Conference that Germany - already host to many U.S. troops - was well-placed to take on the logistics role given its geographical location in the heart of Europe, and its existing capabilities.  I can t imagine any other country being better suited than Germany to take on that responsibility, from a geographical standpoint, a capability standpoint,  Hodges said. Diplomats have said that Germany is eager to host the logistics command but no decisions have been made. Hodges, who is due to retire next month, has repeatedly pushed for increased focus on improving the ability to move troops and equipment across Europe in the event of a future conflict. NATO began beefing up its defenses after the 2014 annexation by Russia of Ukraine s Crimea peninsula, deploying troops to the Baltic states and Poland, strengthening its presence in the Black Sea and starting to modernizing its forces. The Kremlin, which denies harboring any aggressive intentions toward Europe, has condemned the moves as an attempt to encircle Russia.     ",1
13663,"Tourists, authorities feel the heat as Bali volcano keeps airport closed","KARANGASEM, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesia kept the airport on Bali closed on Tuesday as ash from an erupting volcano swept the holiday island, leaving thousands of tourists stranded as authorities tried to persuade villagers living nearby to leave their homes. A total of 443 flights, both domestic and international, were affected by the closure of the airport, about 60 km (37 miles) from Mount Agung which is spewing smoke and ash high into the sky.  Aircraft flight channels are covered with volcanic ash,  the transport ministry said in a statement, citing aviation navigation authorities. The airport - the second-biggest in Indonesia - will be closed at least until 7 a.m. on Wednesday (2300 GMT on Tuesday), the ministry said. Frustration at the airport was starting to boil over, with an estimated 2,000 people attempting to get refunds and reschedule tickets.  There are thousands of people stranded here at the airport,  said Nitin Sheth, a tourist from India.  They have to go to some other airport and they are trying to do that, but the government or authorities here are not helping.  Others were more relaxed.  No, there s not a lot of information ... very little. (But) it s all right. We re on holidays so it doesn t matter. We don t know what s going to happen but we can get back to the bar and have another drink,  said Matthew Radix from Perth. The airport operator said 201 international flights and 242 domestic ones had been hit. Ten alternative airports had been prepared for airlines to divert inbound flights, including in neighboring provinces, the operator said, adding it was helping people make alternative bookings and helping stranded travelers. The airport on Lombok island, to the east of Bali, had reopened, authorities said, as wind blew ash westward, towards the southern coast of Java island. Agung towers over eastern Bali to a height of just over 3,000 meters (9,800 feet). Its last eruption in 1963 killed more than 1,000 people and razed several villages. On Tuesday, however, life went on largely as normal in surrounding villages, with residents offering prayers as the volcano sent huge billows of ash and smoke into the sky. Some villagers who fled in September, when the alert was last raised to the highest level, have gone home despite government warnings. On Monday, authorities said 100,000 residents living near the volcano had been ordered to get out of an 8-10 km (5-6 mile) exclusion zone, warning a larger eruption was  imminent .  While the population in the area has been estimated at anywhere between 63,000 and 140,000, just over 29,000 people were registered at emergency centers, said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, a spokesman for the Disaster Mitigation Agency.  Not all people in the danger zone are prepared to take refuge,  he said.  There are still a lot of residents staying in their homes.  Indonesia s Volcanology and Geological Disaster Mitigation Center has warned that an eruption of a size similar to that seen in 1963 could send rocks bigger than a fist flying a distance of up to 8 km (5 miles), and volcanic gas a distance of 10 km (6 miles) within three minutes. Monitoring has shown the northeastern part of Agung s peak had swollen in recent weeks  indicating there is fairly strong pressure toward the surface , the center said. For interactive package on Agung eruptions, click: tmsnrt.rs/2hYdHiq For graphic on the Pacific Ring of Fire, click: tmsnrt.rs/2BjtH6l ",1
13664,Balinese offer prayers as rumbling volcano threatens tourism lifeblood,"JAKARTA/CANDI DASA, Indonesia (Reuters) - Bali s rumbling Mount Agung is starting to impact the economy of the holiday island and, if the eruptions and volcanic ash clouds persist, could spark a bigger wave of cancellations by visitors to Indonesia s main tourism destination as peak season beckons. The relatively small island has an outsized importance for Indonesian tourism. In January-September, Bali received 4.5 million foreign tourist arrivals, nearly half of the 10.5 million arrivals in Indonesia.  Foreign tourist arrivals to the majority-Hindu island rose 26 percent in the nine-month period on an annual basis, though dropped on a monthly basis in September, when Indonesian authorities first raised the warning alert on Agung.  Bali is about tourism, nothing else. If it (the eruption)  is prolonged for around 1-3 months, it will impact our tourism significantly,  said I Ketut Ardana, chairman of the Association of the Indonesian Tours and Travel Agencies (ASITA).  We can feel a small impact now, the price of staple goods is increasing,  he said.  Indonesia closed Bali s airport on Tuesday for a second day, stranding thousands of visitors due to the ash cloud. On Monday alone, it disrupted 445 flights that would have carried 59,000 passengers. Chinese tourists have overtaken Australians to become the top visitors to Bali, representing around a quarter of arrivals in January-September. Australian and Japanese tourists are the second- and third-largest groups.  Foreign tourists spent about $1,100 on average during Indonesia holidays in 2016, according to tourism ministry data. President Joko Widodo has been trying to promote creation of 10  new Balis  in other parts of the scenic Indonesian archipelago.  But for many so far, holidaying in Indonesia means going to Bali. As Agung spewed tall columns of ash, life continued largely as normal on Tuesday for villagers near the volcano who set up traditional markets and offered Hindu prayers. Matthew Smyth from Ireland, a restaurant owner in Amed, around 15 km (9 miles) from the volcano, said many businesses using rented land would be threatened if the eruption dragged on.  Half of the businesses here are built on credit... if the situation continues many people will lose their land,  said Smyth, who is also setting up a yoga retreat and freediving center. The problems facing Bali tourism come as Indonesian policymakers have been trying to fire up an economy stuck at around 5 percent growth, held back by largely flat consumption. Bali has been growing more quickly. The tourism sector was the biggest contributor to its 6.24 percent regional GDP growth last year. But Agung has already put a dent in Bali s growth this year.      If it (the eruption) is prolonged to a month, especially in Bali, it could have an impact on tourism revenue. I think this is a short-term shock, but it needs to be watched,  said Myrdal Gunarto, an economist at Maybank Indonesia in Jakarta. Wayan Wirjana, 31, the manager of a restaurant in Candi Dasa, a popular beach town in Bali, said he was only getting five visitors a day, down from 15-20 in the summer, and expects the usually busy Christmas and New Year period to be slow.   If things continue in the long term, like through the Christmas period, we ll have to lay off staff even if temporarily. We all have families so there is a very real impact on us,  he said.  ",1
13665,Egypt security forces kill 11 suspected militants in raid,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian security forces have killed 11 suspected militants in a shootout near the Sinai, the interior ministry said on Tuesday, just days after more than 300 people were killed in an attack on a mosque in North Sinai. The shootout occurred during a raid on a suspected militant hideout in the Sinai-bordering province of Ismailia, the ministry said in a statement. It said the area was being used by militants to train and store weapons and logistical equipment for attacks in North Sinai. Militants detonated a bomb and then gunned down fleeing worshippers in last Friday s mosque attack, the deadliest in Egypt s modern history. No group has claimed responsibility for the assault, but Egypt s public prosecutor linked Islamic State militants to the attack, citing interviews with wounded survivors who said militants brandished an Islamic State flag. Six suspected militants were arrested as part of the operations, which also included a raid on an additional suspected militant hideout in the 10th of Ramadan, an area just outside of Cairo. Since 2013 Egyptian security forces have battled an Islamic State affiliate in the mainly desert region of North Sinai, where militants have killed hundreds of police and soldiers. The interior ministry statement on Tuesday did not directly link the suspected militants targeted in the operations to last week s mosque attack. ",1
13666,"Exclusive: Colleague names Putin's daughter, then withdraws comments","MOSCOW (Reuters) - A colleague of Katerina Tikhonova from the world of acrobatic rock n roll confirmed that she is the younger daughter of Russian President Vladimir Putin, and then later withdrew his comments, saying he had misheard the question. It is the second time in two years that Reuters has disclosed Tikhonova s relationship to the president, citing a named source, and then been publicly challenged post publication. World Rock n Roll Confederation (WRRC) Vice President for Legal Affairs Manfred Mohab told Reuters in an interview on Sunday during a dance event that he knew Tikhonova through their work together on the confederation s presidium. When asked whether he knew Tikhonova was Putin s daughter, he said:  Yes. I know her, yes of course.  Asked a second time, he nodded and said:  Yes.  The Kremlin and Tikhonova did not respond to requests for comment. After the Reuters article was published on Tuesday, Mohab telephoned Reuters and said:  I can t confirm that I know the daughter of Mr. Putin. I have nothing to do with them.  Asked why he had earlier said Tikhonova was Putin s daughter, Mohab said:  Believe me, it was so loud in the hall that a lot of the things I can t understand and other things I felt that I didn t understand right. So it s not sure that I gave you the right answers.  Mohab said he had problems with his hearing.  I m sure we had some misunderstandings.  In 2015, Andrey Akimov, deputy chairman of the board of directors at Russian lender Gazprombank, told Reuters that Tikhonova was Putin's daughter but later denied the statement. Reuters also confirmed her identity through two other sources who spoke on condition of anonymity. [reut.rs/2ztup0f]  After the report, Gazprombank said Akimov was ""surprised and bewildered"" by the quotes attributed to him by Reuters and that he had made no such remarks. [reut.rs/2zHzVAJ] Akimov and a representative for Gazprombank did not respond to a request for comment on Tuesday. Putin, a former KGB intelligence officer, is famously guarded about his private life and has fought to keep his two daughters, Maria and Katerina, away from the public eye. While Katerina s identity has been widely assumed, it has never been confirmed by Tikhonova herself, her representatives or the Kremlin, which says it does not comment on the private lives of Putin s close relatives. Mohab, in his comments to Reuters on Sunday, became the first official to publicly identify her relationship to the Russian president since Akimov in 2015. Tikhonova, who uses a surname inherited from her grandmother, runs publicly-funded projects at Moscow State University and serves as the WRRC s vice president for expansion and marketing. Aged 31, she is a major player in acrobatic rock n roll, a niche dance discipline she has competed in and helps manage through senior positions at the WRRC and the Russian national federation. She is also married to Kirill Shamalov, the son of one of Putin's closest friends, who has since made a fortune of at least $1 billion through dealings in Russia's largest petrochemical company. [reut.rs/2BfT74A] Mohab spoke to Reuters on the sidelines of the World Cup Rock n Roll European Championship in Moscow. Asked if Tikhonova s personal connection to the president had been a boon for acrobatic rock n roll, he said:  Yes, of course.  The sport is developing thanks to Russia, he said.  We have an expansion project which is working on all continents and in a lot of countries. And this is all going out from Russia.  With just over 200 adult pairs in the WRRC world rankings, acrobatic rock n roll remains a relatively obscure discipline in competitive dancing that is most popular in eastern Europe. Around 9,000 people actively participate in acrobatic rock n roll in Russia and organizers aim to add another 3,000 people by 2020, according to the national federation. Reuters reported in December last year that Moscow was building a publicly-funded $30 million complex for the sport on the outskirts of the city, an investment which dwarfs that spent in other countries and on some bigger sports in Russia. ",1
13667,Trump considers when and how to move U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem: Pence,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump is actively considering  when and how  to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, Vice President Mike Pence said on Tuesday. Pence made the comment in remarks at Israel s Mission to the United Nations at an event celebrating the 70th anniversary of the United Nations  vote calling for the establishment of a Jewish state. Trump has vowed to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem but in June he signed a waiver to keep it in Tel Aviv. He is facing a new deadline in early December on whether to extend the waiver again, a practice that his predecessors used to avoid inflaming tensions in the Middle East. ",1
13668,China police say some claims of abuse at Beijing kindergarten unfounded,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Chinese police said late on Tuesday some claims of child abuse at a Beijing kindergarten run by New York-listed RYB Education were unfounded, the latest twist in a case that has sparked outrage throughout China. RYB s shares plunged 38.4 percent last Friday after police launched an investigation into allegations of child abuse at the school, though they have recovered some losses this week. By 1700 GMT, the shares were up around 16.6 percent. Police in Beijing s Chaoyang district said in a statement posted on their official microblog late on Tuesday that they had criminally detained a teacher surnamed Liu suspected of using knitting needles to discipline children. However, they added that claims made by some parents that children had been fed unidentified tablets at the school and accounts of a naked adult male conducting purported  medical check-ups  on unclothed students were fabricated. China s state-run Xinhua news agency had reported last week that police were checking allegations that children were  reportedly sexually molested, pierced by needles and given unidentified pills . The Chaoyang police added they had recovered 113 hours of footage from the school s surveillance system, but had not yet found on it instances of people harming children. They added that the hard drive storage for the footage had been  damaged .  The fall-out from the scandal has been widespread. China s education ministry has launched a special investigation into kindergartens nationwide, while Beijing authorities have said they will send permanent inspectors to city nurseries. RYB, which says it has over 1,300 play-and-learn centers and nearly 500 kindergartens in around 300 cities in China, has suspended one teacher and fired the headmaster of the Beijing kindergarten. The Chaoyang police said it would continue with its investigation to get to the bottom of the child abuse claims and hand out severe punishments according to the law. ",1
13669,Redacted Brexit reports spark new tug-of-war with UK parliament,"LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May s attempts to keep her Brexit plans secret provoked a new row on Tuesday when lawmakers criticized her for failing to hand over complete studies on the economic impact of Britain leaving the European Union. The government had promised to share more than 50 studies on how Brexit would affect different economic sectors, but on Monday it gave lawmakers a hard copy of a report running to around 850 pages with parts redacted because of what ministers called commercial and confidential information. Lawmakers hit back, saying the government was riding roughshod over a democratically elected parliament - the latest tug of war over who should have influence over talks that will shape Britain s future standing in the world by unraveling more than 40 years of union with the bloc.  This is not a game. This is the most important set of decisions that this country has taken for decades,  Keir Starmer, Brexit policy chief for the opposition Labour Party, told parliament.  In my experience the biggest mistakes are made when decisions are not scrutinized.  With much redacted, Scotland s Brexit minister Michael Russell said the report did not contain  any actual impact analysis  which could offer an insight into what May s government had concluded over the likely impact of leaving the EU s single market and customs union.  It is essential that people across the UK fully understand the consequences of decisions being taken about their future,  he said in a letter sent to Damian Green, May s deputy, that was made public by the Scottish government. Arguments that the economy would suffer if Britain left the EU were rejected by many voters at last year s referendum when the country backed Brexit. But with the economy struggling with lower growth since the vote, some of those who argue that Britain should reverse its decision or at least strive for a softer Brexit that maintains close ties say knowledge of the impact could change minds. The government has been reluctant to share its impact assessments, with May saying she has to play her cards close to her chest to win the best available deal with the EU. Earlier this month, parliament used an archaic rule to force the government to hand over 58 impact studies, which earlier  Brexit minister David Davis had referred to as  57 studies (that) cover 85 percent of the economy - everything except sectors that are not affected by international trade . Late on Monday, Davis wrote to a parliamentary committee on Brexit that the papers had been redacted because he had not been given guarantees that lawmakers would keep the details secret, possibly undermining Britain s negotiating hand. A junior minister for Brexit, Robin Walker, told parliament the government had been  as open as possible  and had met the terms of parliament s demand despite lawmakers  misunderstanding over what the analysis was.  It is not a series of 58 impact assessments,  he said. But the move to limit the information, Labour and the Scottish National Party say, could place the government in contempt of parliament, which could lead to the suspension or expulsion of Davis from the House of Commons. Asked whether a charge of contempt could move forward, the parliamentary Speaker, John Bercow, said any attempt should take place after a meeting between Davis and the head of parliament s Brexit committee. ",1
13670,"Bangladesh to turn island into temporary home for 100,000 Rohingya refugees","DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh approved a $280 million project on Tuesday to develop an isolated and flood-prone island in the Bay of Bengal to temporarily house 100,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing violence in neighbouring Myanmar.     The decision came just days after Bangladesh sealed a deal aiming to start returning Rohingya to Myanmar within two months to reduce pressure in refugee camps.     A Bangladeshi government committee headed by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina approved the plan to develop Bhashan Char island, also known as Thenger Char, despite criticism from humanitarian workers who have said the island is all but uninhabitable. Planning Minister Mustafa Kamal said it would take time to repatriate the refugees, and in the meantime Bangladesh needed a place to house them. The project to house 100,000 refugees on the island would be complete by 2019, he said.      Many Rohingya people are living in dire conditions,  he said, describing the influx of refugees as  a threat to both security and the environment .  More than 620,000 Rohingya Muslims have sought sanctuary in Bangladesh after the military in mostly Buddhist Myanmar launched a harsh counter-insurgency operation in their villages across the northern parts of Rakhine State, following attacks by Rohingya militants on an army base and police posts on Aug. 25. Bangladesh Foreign Minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali appealed in September for international support to transport Rohingya to the island. There were already about 300,000 Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh before the most recent exodus. Bangladesh, one of the world s poorest and most crowded nations, plans to develop the island, which emerged from the silt off Bangladesh s delta coast only 11 years ago and is two hours by boat from the nearest settlement.     It regularly floods during the June-September monsoons. When seas are calm, pirates roam the nearby waters to kidnap fishermen for ransom.    A plan to develop the island and use it to house refugees was first proposed in 2015 and revived last year. Despite criticism of the conditions on the island, Bangladesh says it has the right to decide where to shelter the growing numbers of refugees. ",1
13671,"Greek police raids find explosives, nine held over links to banned Turkish group","ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek police found bomb-making equipment and detonators in raids in Athens on Tuesday and were questioning nine people over suspected links to a banned militant group in Turkey ahead of an expected visit by Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan next week. Eight men and a woman thought to hold Turkish citizenship were being detained after morning raids at three different addresses in central Athens. They were expected to appear before an investigating magistrate on Wednesday. Earlier, police officials told Reuters the individuals were being quizzed for alleged links to the leftist militant DHKP/C, an outlawed group blamed for a string of attacks and suicide bombings in Turkey since 1990. At three homes, police found materials available commercially which could potentially be used in making explosives, they said in a statement. They also retrieved digital material, travel documents and a pistol. One of the detainees had been wanted by Greek police in connection with an arms and explosives haul off the Greek island of Chios, close to the Turkish coast, in 2013.    Witnesses saw police experts in hazmat suits and holding suitcases entering one address in Athens. Tests on an unknown substance found in jars were expected to be concluded within the day. Turkey s Erdogan is widely expected to visit Greece in December, although his visit has not been officially announced. It would be the first visit by a Turkish president in more than 50 years. Another official told the semi-official Athens News Agency that the case was unconnected to domestic terror groups or militant Islamists, and described those questioned as being of Turkish origin. DHKP/C, known also as the Revolutionary People s Liberation Party/Front, is considered a terrorist group by the European Union, Turkey and the United States. ",1
13672,France pushes U.N. to impose sanctions over Libya migrant crisis,"UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - France said on Tuesday it wanted the United Nations Security Council to consider imposing targeted sanctions on human traffickers operating in Libya after a video appearing to show African migrants sold as slaves sparked global outrage. Several members of the 15-member Security Council expressed their horror at the video during a meeting on Tuesday, requested by France, to discuss human trafficking in Libya. The footage broadcast earlier this month by CNN showed what it said was an auction of men to Libyan buyers as farmhands and sold for $400 each. French U.N. Ambassador Francois Delattre said the council should use sanctions to help stamp out trafficking in Libya.  France will propose to assist the sanctions committee ... in identifying responsible individuals and entities for trafficking through Libyan territory,  Delattre told the council.  We count upon support of the members of the council to make headway to that end.  Under a sanctions regime set up in 2011, the Security Council is able to impose a global asset freeze and travel ban on  individuals and entities involved in or complicit in ordering, controlling, or otherwise directing, the commission of serious human rights abuses against persons in Libya.  France can propose names for targeted U.N. sanctions but needs to win consensus support within the Security Council s 15-member Libya sanctions committee.  Some council members expressed support for the possibility of imposing targeted sanctions, while others backed the council first issuing a statement. Diplomats said France, Britain and Sweden were drafting a statement.   We all have a responsibility to act. This is not the moment to pass the buck,  said Sweden s Deputy U.N. Ambassador Carl Skau.  Libya descended into chaos after a NATO-backed uprising in 2011 led to the overthrow and killing of leader Muammar Gaddafi, with two competing governments backed by militias scrambling for control of the oil-producing country. Islamic State militants have also gained a foothold in the North African state. People smugglers operating with impunity in Libya have sent hundreds of thousands of migrants to Europe, mainly Italy, by sea since 2014. Thousands have died during the voyages.  The Security Council last week adopted an Italian-drafted resolution urging tougher action to crack down on human trafficking and modern slavery worldwide. ",1
13673,Roadside bomb kills eight in Afghanistan: local official,"KANDAHAR, Afghanistan (Reuters) - A roadside bomb planted by the Taliban killed at least eight civilians including three women and a child in Afghanistan s Kandahar province on Tuesday, a local official said. The victims of the blast in Kandahar s Maroof district  were going from Maroof district center to their village when a newly planted Taliban bomb hit their car,  said Zia Durani, a spokesman for Kandahar police. The southern province of Kandahar has long been a Taliban stronghold.  Durani provided no evidence to support the assertion of Taliban responsibility. The group has not claimed the attack. Roadside bombs have been responsible for about 18 percent of civilian casualties this year, according to the United Nations. Nearly 500 people were killed by improvised explosive devices between January and September. ",1
13674,Merkel scolds ally to shield coalition talks from weedkiller row,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel scolded a minister on Tuesday in a bid to shield talks on forming a coalition government from a dispute between cabinet colleagues over an EU license for a weedkiller. Conservative Agriculture Minister Christian Schmidt angered the center-left SPD on Monday by breaking protocol to back a European Union proposal to extend the use of glyphosate in the bloc for another five years, a measure opposed by the SPD. The matter is sensitive because only last week the SPD  reversed its decision to go into opposition after suffering its worst result in 70 years in a September election. They are expected to launch talks next year with Merkel s conservatives on forming a coalition government. The SPD are junior partners in Merkel s caretaker government, which includes her Christian Democrats (CDU) and their Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU) of which agriculture minister Schmidt is a member.  As for the vote of the agriculture ministry yesterday on glyphosate, this did not comply with the instructions worked out by the federal government,  Merkel said.  I expect that such an incident will not be repeated.  It is usual practice that Germany abstains in EU votes if  ministers from different parties disagree on a policy. Schmidt s decision has strained relations between the two camps before they even launch exploratory talks on renewing their alliance.  (The chancellor) must do something to heal the loss of trust. You can t govern like that. It simply doesn t work,  SPD Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks told Deutschlandfunk radio before Merkel made her comments.  Merkel said even though her stance on glyphosate use was closer to Schmidt s than to Hendricks  he should not have voted in favor against the wish of his colleague and in breach of government instructions.     Hendricks did not say whether the SPD wants Merkel to fire Schmidt, but the ecologist Greens said she should do just that. Merkel turned to the SPD after failing to form a coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the Greens, which created an impasse unseen in the post-World War Two era. Schmidt defended his decision to vote in favor of the five-year extension in Brussels on Monday, saying the European Commission would have probably decided on a longer extension if the vote had been indecisive.  I took the decision on my own,  Schmidt told German public television.  It falls under my responsibility.  Hendricks said she had called Schmidt two hours before the tight vote in Brussels, which Germany tipped in favor of an extension by defeating its key ally France. She expressed her opposition to the continued use of the weedkiller, which some of the EU s 28 member states fear causes cancer.  Christian Schmidt took the chestnut out of the fire for the Commission in breach of our consultations,  Hendricks said. French President Emmanuel Macron had wanted a shorter extension and a rapid phasing out of glyphosate, which is a mainstay of farming across the continent. After the vote, he said he would take all necessary measures to ban the product, originally developed by Monsanto, as soon as an alternative is available and at the latest within three years. Germany s Bayer plans to take over Monsanto for $63.5 billion. ",1
13675,Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa opens amnesty window for return of stolen funds,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s new president, Emmerson Mnangagwa, on Tuesday announced a three-month amnesty window for the return of public funds illegally stashed abroad by individuals and companies. Upon the expiry of the amnesty at end of February next year, the government will arrest and prosecute those who have failed to comply, Mnangagwa said in a statement. Mnangagwa was sworn-in as president on Friday and promised to tackle corruption, which had become endemic under former president Robert Mugabe s 37-year rule.  Those affected are thus encouraged to take advantage of the three-month moratorium to return the illegally externalized funds and assets in order to avoid the pain and ignominy of being visited by the long arm of the law,  Mnangagwa said. Zimbabwe s new president is under pressure to deliver, especially on the economy, which is in the grip of severe foreign currency shortages that have seen banks failing to give cash to customers. Mnangagwa told heads of government ministries on Tuesday that he was putting together a  leaner  government, which would see the merging of some departments to enhance efficiency. Critics say Zimbabwe has a bloated civil service, which chews more than 90 percent of the national budget. Mnangagwa, however, said only workers of retirement age would be laid off. He promised to rebuild the economy and improve the livelihoods of Zimbabweans.  My government will have no tolerance for bureaucratic slothfulness, which is quick to brandish procedures as an excuse for stalling service delivery to citizens, investors and other stakeholders,  Mnangagwa said in a statement read to the government officials. After recovering under a unity government between the ruling ZANU-PF and the opposition between 2009 and 2012, the southern African nation s economy has unraveled with the unemployment rate above 90 percent. Mnangagwa is expected to announce a cabinet this week, with all eyes on whether he breaks with the past and names a broad-based government or selects old guard figures from Mugabe s era. An official at parliament said Mnangagwa had asked for curriculum vitaes of ZANU-PF legislators on Tuesday as he moves to put the new cabinet in place. Meanwhile, deputy parliament speaker Mabel Chinomona told the house that she had been informed by ZANU-PF that the party had recalled five legislators from parliament, indicating the five had been dismissed as ZANU-PF lawmakers. The members, all linked to the G40 group that supported Mugabe s wife Grace, include former ministers Savior Kasukuwere, Jonathan Moyo and Ignatius Chombo, who is facing corruption charges in court. ",1
13676,Is the best of 'lucky general' Macron's good fortune behind him?,"PARIS (Reuters) - During his rapid rise to the presidency, France s Emmanuel Macron was sometimes referred to as a  lucky general    a leader with the right skills for the job but also a generous dose of the good fortune needed to win the day.  The 39-year-old certainly took advantage of a string of lucky breaks, especially a corruption scandal that derailed the campaign of front-running, center-right rival Francois Fillon. But six months into his occupation of the Elysee Palace, there are niggling signs Macron s luck could be starting to turn. In particular, the uncertain political picture in Germany has complicated his ambition to reform Europe s single currency zone, something he has put at the heart of his presidency and that stands or falls on Franco-German cooperation. And while changes he introduced early on to France s employment rules provoked less unrest than expected, the impact on the economy has so far been muted. His plans to amend the  pensions and benefits system may not be so readily accepted.  From a fiscal point of view, one of his main objectives is to bring the national deficit below 3 percent of gross domestic product for the first time in a decade. Yet current indications are that he will struggle with that goal, leaving France at odds with the EU s executive Commission. And within his own party   En Marche, formed as a grassroots movement a little over a year ago   there is unease among some members about a top-down structure that goes against the ethos that propelled him to a five-year term in May. Some breaks continue to fall in Macron s favor. France last week won the right to host the European Banking Agency in a lucky dip against Dublin, and domestically he faces little serious opposition from either the left or right. But his biggest ambitions rely on a deep and sustained relationship with Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose position after 12 years as Germany s leader has been weakened over two months of so-far fruitless talks to form a governing coalition.  We are naturally paying close attention to everything that might help stabilize the political situation (in Germany),  Benjamin Griveaux, a close Macron ally who was recently named the government s new spokesman, said on Monday.   Without a strong partner it will obviously be more difficult to carry out the president s ambitious European project.   At one level, the fact that Merkel is now talking to Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) about a  grand coalition , after overtures to the Liberals and Greens failed, is positive for Macron since the SPD is more avowedly pro-EU. But there s no guarantee the SPD will sign up to Macron s agenda, even if its leader, Martin Schulz, is a former European Parliament president who is committed to the project. Schulz has only gone as far as to say Macron s ideas need to be discussed in coalition talks with Merkel, while other SPD officials say domestic reforms to health insurance and pensions are a more pressing consideration.  Europe is not a theme where we can simply push things through,  said Johannes Kahrs, a budget expert for the SPD in parliament and leader of the party s conservative wing. Macron s ideas for overhauling the euro zone, including the creation of a region-wide budget, finance minister and separate parliament, may be just too ambitious for Germany to swallow.  It would be nice if the conservatives went along with the idea of a budget for the euro zone, but they need to want it,  said Kahrs.  It would make no sense to try to bully them.     Even as he focuses on his grand ambitions, Macron and his finance minister, Bruno Le Maire, must battle to get the state s historically overstretched finances in order, while hoping that France s currently steady growth rate doesn t falter. The budget deficit has been falling and should dip just below 3 percent next year, but from the European Commission s point of view that is insufficient. It wants more done on the structural deficit, which strips out the business cycle.  If Macron and Le Maire are to achieve more, it will likely mean cutting deeper into regional budgets, where planned reductions have already provoked anger among mayors.  Unemployment figures show job creation is at a record high but the jobless rate still ticked higher in the third quarter, rising to 9.7 percent. While it is forecast to decline again, the French rate remains way above Germany s of 5.6 percent. Jean Pisani-Ferry, a leading economist and former adviser to Macron, believes perhaps the biggest risk Macron faces is ensuring his European strategy pays off, because his domestic agenda will in large part be influenced by it in turn. Yet that depends a lot on Germany, and the wider EU.  He s making a huge political investment (in Europe),  said Pisani-Ferry, a professor of economics and public management at Sciences Po university.  And if you re making a huge political investment, you want at some point some pay-off.    If there is no pay-off whatsoever, then obviously there will be domestic political consequences. It will be a setback for him.  ",1
13677,"Zimbabwe's Mugabe is gone, but political kow-towing still abounds","HARARE (Reuters) - Robert Mugabe s 37-year rule may be over, but a culture of political fawning by the Zimbabwean state media and fear of those in authority still flourishes.  The Herald newspaper and the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation - state and ruling ZANU-PF party mouthpieces - routinely heaped lavish praise on the 93-year-old Mugabe and his wife Grace in sycophantic articles and commentaries. With the sudden change of guard, Zimbabwe s official media is having a hard time shaking off old habits and is now tailoring its eulogies to fit Emmerson Mnangagwa, Mugabe s successor. State radio intersperses programs with martial music from the war of independence in honor of Mnangagwa s war veteran allies and the army.   One morning talk show host spoke glowingly on Tuesday of seeing the presidential motorcade at 0645 GMT. This, he said, signaled the new leader was keeping his word to hit the ground running.  The president is showing the way so get to work on time,  he said. Mnangagwa, 75, a close Mugabe ally for several decades, took power after the military takeover on Nov. 15 following a succession battle that split the ruling ZANU-PF party.  Comrade Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa, (is) a true son of the soil who sacrificed his entire life to serving Zibmabwe as evidenced by the role he played in the liberation struggle as well as after independence up to this day. We are blessed to have you as our leader,  an advertisement by the ministry for women affairs, gender and community development gushed in the  Herald. Not all within the ruling party are comfortable with the trend though. Justice Wadyajena, a Mnangagwa admirer and outspoken ZANU-PF parliamentarian, reminded his Twitter followers of the dangers of personality cults.  Those falling all over each other pledging loyalty to President ED are just brutes playing meek,  Wadyajena wrote, referring to Mnangagwa by the initials of his first and middle names.   If you really are principled, there s no reason to bootlick, your conduct should speak for itself. We ve seen the danger of personalizing governance and gatekeeping a NATIONAL FIGURE!!  Mnangagwa, who served Mugabe loyally for 52 years, is expected to form a new cabinet this week. Zimbabweans are watching to see if he breaks with the past and names a broad-based government or selects figures from the Mugabe era s old guard. ",1
13678,Jailed former Catalan vice-president accepts Madrid rule: lawyer,"MADRID (Reuters) - Imprisoned former vice-president of Catalonia Oriol Junqueras and three other jailed members of his ERC party will abide by a ruling giving Madrid control over the region, their defense lawyer said on Tuesday. Junqueras and seven other former members of the Catalonia regional cabinet were jailed on Nov. 2 pending trial, accused of sedition, rebellion and misappropriation of funds after the local government declared independence from Spain. Catalonia s secession drive has tipped Spain into its worst political crisis in decades and prompted Madrid to sack the Catalan government, led by Carles Puigdemont, and call a regional election for Dec. 21. The acceptance of Madrid s rule over the region could prompt the Supreme Court to overrule the decision to hold the defendants in custody while they await trial, and release them in time to campaign for the election. All four jailed ERC members - Junqueras, former foreign affairs chief Raul Romeva, justice affairs head Carles Mundo and work chief Dolors Bassa - have been named as candidates in the election. The defendants did not agree with the application of Article 155, which stripped the regional government of its power after the secessionist ruling, but accepted it, their lawyer said in a statement to the Supreme Court.  My charges accepted, and accept, the application of 155 ... but have done so from a position of deep political and judicial discrepancy,  the lawyer said. The lawyer added that the statement does not mean that they renounce their political convictions.  Former leader of Catalonia Puigdemont, who has been in self-imposed exile in Belgium since declaring independence, said on Saturday the election would be most important in the region s history.  Turnout for the election is expected to reach a record 80 percent as the deeply divisive issue of the region s secession prompts participation from both sides. Less than a quarter of Catalans want to continue with a plan to claim independence from Spain, according to a poll published in El Pais newspaper on Monday. However, the same poll showed the vote evenly split between pro- and anti-independence parties in the upcoming regional election. ",1
13679,Russian official: not worried about EU's moves on defense pact,"BERLIN (Reuters) - A senior Russia s foreign ministry official on Tuesday said he was not worried by the European Union s move to integrate European defenses, saying the initiative was  just words  and did not appear to be aimed at Moscow. Kirill Logvinov, head of the NATO section at the Russian foreign ministry, called at the annual Berlin Security Conference for renewed efforts to rebuild trust between European countries and Russia through dialogue and military cooperation. He said the trans-Atlantic NATO alliance had revived Cold War tensions through an enlargement that threatened Russia s national security. Moscow was open to resuming dialogue and rebuilding trust, he said, and remained committed to implementing the Minsk agreements aimed at ending violence in eastern Ukraine - as long as Kiev also made good its promises under the deal.  Just to sit down at a table would be an important step back toward building trust,  Logvinov told reporters. Asked whether Russia was concerned about an agreement by 23 EU members to cooperate on funding joint military projects and commands, he said Moscow welcomed any steps that would help unify Europe.  We are not trying to splinter any group. The better the groups work with each other in the Europe, the better it is for us. The faster they speak with a single voice, the better it is for our relationship with the EU,  he said. Logvinov said the EU s Permanent Structured Cooperation or PESCO, had been in the works for decades.  Of course, we are watching this development, but at this point, it s just words.  France, Germany and 21 other EU governments signed an agreement this month to fund, develop and deploy armed forces after Britain s decision to quit the bloc, a project that was first proposed in the 1950s and long resisted by Britain. Under the deal, to be signed by EU leaders in December, participating governments will for the first time legally bind themselves into joint projects as well as pledging to increase defense spending and contribute to rapid deployments. Its backers say that if successful, the formal club of 23 members will give the European Union a more coherent role in tackling international crises and end the kind of shortcomings seen in Libya in 2011, when European allies relied on the United States for air power and munitions. Rachel Ellehuus, principal director for European and NATO policy at the U.S. Defense Department, told the conference that the United States welcomed the deal, lauding Europe s transparent approach to the new initiative. Unlike past attempts, the U.S.-led NATO alliance backs the project, aiming to benefit from stronger militaries. Many governments say Russia s seizure of Ukraine s Crimea in 2014 was a turning-point for European defense integration, after years of defense spending cuts that left Europe without vital capabilities. But German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen said PESCO was more about making Europe work more efficiently together to deal with humanitarian crises and was not related to fraying relations with Russia.     ",1
13680,"Report on deadly raid meant to make Philippine police 'look bad', says chief","MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines  national police chief said on Tuesday that Reuters had timed a report on a deadly anti-drug raid to make his officers  look bad  as President Rodrigo Duterte mulls returning them to drug-war operations. Police killed three men in a poor Manila neighborhood on Oct. 11 in what they said was self-defense during a legitimate anti-drug operation. But security camera footage and eyewitness testimony published by Reuters on Monday contradicted the police report and suggested they may have executed the three men.  They come out with damaging reports about the PNP when we are about to return,  said police chief Ronald Dela Rosa, referring to the Philippines National Police.  That means our enemies really don t want us to return to the war on drugs,  he said, speaking to reporters at the Supreme Court in Manila. In October, Duterte banned the police from leading anti-drug operations, handing the task to the state-run Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency. Duterte has hinted that he will soon allow police to resume operations, although his spokesman Harry Roque said on Tuesday  the matter remains pending . Police say they have shot dead more than 3,900 drug suspects in self-defense during Duterte s 17-month anti-drug campaign that has triggered growing public distrust and criticism.  Police said that one of the men they killed during the Oct. 11 raid was dealing drugs before they arrived, but the footage showed him chatting with friends. Police said they shot the three men in self-defense after they opened fire on undercover operatives. Residents told Reuters the men were unarmed. Joel Coronel, the chief of Manila Police District, which carried out the raid, said it was a  high-risk  operation against  three suspected drug traffickers reported to be armed and dangerous .  So far our reports indicate that we have observed all the rules in police operating procedures,  he said. ",1
13681,"Ivanka Trump, feted in India, calls for closing gender gap in business","HYDERABAD, India (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump s daughter Ivanka Trump kicked off a global business summit in southern India on Tuesday calling for better opportunities for women entrepreneurs battling heavy odds around the world. Ivanka, also an informal adviser to her father, received a warm welcome in India s high-tech hub of Hyderabad with all the trappings of a state guest.  Prime Minister Narendra Modi joined her in the opening of the U.S.-backed Global Entrepreneurship Summit which New Delhi is hoping will further boost political and economic ties with the United States under the Trump administration.  Ivanka, wearing a bright green floral dress, said fuelling the growth of women-led businesses and closing the gender entrepreneurship gap could help expand global GDP by 2 percent.   Women still face steep obstacles to starting, owning and growing their businesses. We must ensure women entrepreneurs have access to capital, access to networks and mentors,  Ivanka said to loud cheers from a packed audience in a heavily-guarded conference center.  In developing countries, 70 percent of women-owned smaller businesses were being denied access to capital, she said, leading to a near $300 billion annual credit deficit for them. GES is an event conceived by former U.S. President Barack Obama. It has previously been held in countries such as the United States and Turkey, but this year s edition is the first under the Trump administration.     The theme of the conference this year is  Women First, Prosperity for All . More than half the participants at the summit are women, and all-female delegations are representing countries such as Afghanistan, Israel and Saudi Arabia. Ivanka, who ran an eponymous clothing and jewelry business before becoming an adviser in the White House, has made women s issues one of her main policy areas. She cited a Harvard Business Review report that found that in the United States investors ask men questions about their potential for gains, whereas they ask women questions about their potential for loss. Billboards with pictures of Ivanka dotted many parts of Hyderabad which is also home to major U.S. firms such as Microsoft (MSFT.O). In recent days, authorities took beggars off city streets in a clean-up drive before the meeting, media said. More than 10,000 police officials were deployed in the city and sniffer dogs as well as  spotters , or men trained to detect any suspicious activity or people, were on stand by, a police officer said.  On the sidelines, Ivanka held talks with Modi, as well as Indian foreign minister Sushma Swaraj. Later she toured the conference center with Modi and met a few entrepreneurs, before watching traditional Indian dance performances in the inaugural session.  This event not only connects the Silicon Valley with Hyderabad but also show-cases the close ties between the United States of America and India. It underlines our shared commitment toward encouraging entrepreneurship and innovation,  Modi said. India has become a major market for the United States, with two-way trade of about $115 billion last year. They aim to raise that to $500 billion by 2022. Military and strategic ties are also improving as China s influence rises in Asia and beyond.  The Trump administration sees India as a strategic partner and wants to engage with India more. When you look at sending of Ivanka Trump, it is sending a very strong signal,  said Mukesh Aghi, president of the US-India Strategic Partnership Forum. ",1
13682,Libya pressing group to restore water supply to capital,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libyan authorities are attempting to negotiate with a group that has cut water supplies to the Libyan capital for the second time in two months to press for the release of a jailed ally, an official said on Tuesday. The group shut down pipes pumping water to Tripoli and other coastal towns at the al-Hasawna well system south of the capital, said Tawfiq Shwehaidi, a manager at the Great Man Made River in the eastern city of Benghazi.  Today is the fifth day in a row that the water has stopped and we are trying to negotiate with them,  he said.  The group, loyal to late former leader Muammar Gaddafi, is demanding the release of Mabrouk Ehnaish, a militia leader detained last month by Tripoli s Special Deterrence Force (SDF), which is aligned with Libya s U.N.-backed government. Ehnaish s backers have made various threats to sabotage infrastructure including oil and gas supplies, and in October blocked water supplies to the capital for about two weeks.  The Great Man Made River is a pipeline system built under Gaddafi that pumps water to coastal areas from underneath the country s southern desert. The water cuts come as Libyans struggle to cope with a steep decline in living standards during the conflict that developed after Gaddafi s 2011 overthrow, and an economic crisis that has led to rapid inflation and severe cash shortages. In recent days there have also been long queues for fuel and cooking gas in Tripoli. Though distributors have denied any shortages, some residents nervous about disruption to supplies have queued for more than an hour to fill vehicles or jerry cans. ",1
13683,"Pope urges respect for human rights in Myanmar, avoids 'Rohingya' row","NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Tuesday urged the leaders of majority-Buddhist Myanmar, mired in a crisis over the fate of Muslim Rohingya people, to commit themselves to justice, human rights and respect for  each ethnic group and its identity . The pope avoided a diplomatic backlash by not using the highly charged term  Rohingya  in his addresses to officials, including leader Aung San Suu Kyi.  However, his words were applicable to members of the beleaguered minority, who Myanmar does not recognize as citizens   or as members of a distinct ethnic group. More than 620,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh - where the pope heads on Thursday - since the end of August, escaping from a military crackdown that Washington has said included  horrendous atrocities  aimed at  ethnic cleansing . Francis made his comments in Naypyitaw, the country s capital, where he was received by Suu Kyi, the Nobel peace laureate and champion of democracy who has faced international criticism for expressing doubts about the reports of rights abuses against the Rohingya and failing to condemn the military.  The future of Myanmar must be peace, a peace based on respect for the dignity and rights of each member of society, respect for each ethnic group and its identity, respect for the rule of law, and respect for a democratic order that enables each individual and every group   none excluded   to offer its legitimate contribution to the common good,  he said. Myanmar rejects the term  Rohingya  and its use, with most people instead referring to the Muslim minority in Rakhine state as illegal migrants from neighboring Bangladesh. The pope had used the word Rohingya in two appeals from the Vatican this year. But before the diplomatically risky trip, the pope s own advisers recommended that he not use it in Myanmar, lest he set off a diplomatic incident that could turn the country s military and government against minority Christians. Human rights groups such as Amnesty International, which has accused the army of  crimes against humanity , had urged him to utter it. A hardline group of Buddhist monks warned on Monday - without elaborating - that there would be  a response  if he spoke openly about the Rohingya. Richard Horsey, a former U.N. official and analyst based in Yangon, said the pope s speech was  very cautiously worded  and  crafted to avoid antagonizing local audiences .  He has clearly taken the advice of his cardinals to avoid weighing in too heavily on the Rohingya crisis, but he certainly alludes to it with a message in his speech on some of the specific points that he makes,  Horsey said. Vatican sources say some in the Holy See believe the trip was decided too hastily after full diplomatic ties were established in May during a visit by Suu Kyi. The pope met privately with Suu Kyi at the presidential palace in this sparsely populated town that became the capital in 2006, and then they both made public addresses at a conference center. Suu Kyi said in her speech that there had been an erosion of trust and understanding between communities of Rakhine state, but did not refer to the Rohingya. Francis, speaking in Italian, said that as it emerged from nearly 50 years of military rule, Myanmar needed to heal the wounds of the past.  He called for a  just, reconciled and inclusive social order , adding that  the arduous process of peacebuilding and national reconciliation can only advance through a commitment to justice and respect for human rights . Myanmar s army, whose leaders the pope met on Monday, has been battling various autonomy-seeking ethnic minority guerrillas for decades. The military has denied the accusations of murder, rape, torture and forced displacement of the Rohingya that have been made against it. The Rohingya exodus from Rakhine state began after Aug. 25, when Rohingya militants attacked security posts and the Myanmar army launched a counter-offensive. Referring to the country s communal tensions, Francis said religious differences  need not be a source of division and distrust, but rather a force for unity, forgiveness, tolerance and wise nation-building . He made the same point at an earlier meeting with leaders of the Buddhist, Islamic, Hindu, Jewish and Christian faiths in Yangon, where he called for  unity in diversity . Aye Lwin, a prominent Muslim leader who was at the interfaith meeting, told Reuters he had asked the pope to appeal to Myanmar s political leaders  to rescue the religion that we cherish, which could be hijacked by a hidden agenda . Only about 700,000 of Myanmar s 51 million people are Roman Catholic. Thousands of them have traveled from far and wide to see him and more than 150,000 people have registered for a mass that Francis will say in Yangon on Wednesday. Francis is expected to meet a group of Rohingya refugees in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, on the second leg of his trip. ",1
13684,Damascus shelling kills three before truce agreed,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Shelling killed three people in the last major rebel stronghold near Damascus on Tuesday, a war monitor said, shortly before the UN Syria envoy said the government had agreed a ceasefire there.  Russia had on Monday proposed a ceasefire in the besieged Eastern Ghouta area on Nov. 28-29. U.N. Syria envoy Staffan De Mistura later said Russia had told him that the Syrian government had accepted the idea, but he added  we have to see if it happens . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the war monitor, said there were three deaths and 15 injuries from Tuesday s shelling, but that it was less intense than in previous days. A witness in the area said that while the shelling was lighter earlier in the day, it had intensified later.  A Syrian official said the situation on Tuesday was calm. The UN s humanitarian agency OCHA said in a Tweet that relief teams had entered Eastern Ghouta with food and health supplies for 7,200 people, entering through Nashabiyeh on the opposite side of the pocket from where the fighting was.  Over the weekend, government air strikes and shelling on Ghouta intensified, killing at least 43 people on Sunday and Monday, the Observatory said. Syrian state media said 13 shells hit government-held areas of Damascus on Monday.    Eastern Ghouta is one of several  de-escalation  zones across western Syria where Russia has brokered ceasefire deals between rebels and President Bashar al-Assad s government. But fighting has continued there.       U.N.-backed peace talks in Geneva are set to begin on Tuesday. The government delegation will arrive on Wednesday to attend the talks, state news agency SANA reported. The opposition delegation, the Syrian Negotiation Commission, called for direct negotiations with the government instead of the previous model of each side speaking only to UN mediators.  M decins Sans Fronti res, the international medical humanitarian organization, said on Monday hundreds of people had been wounded in intense bombing and shelling of the Eastern Ghouta in the last two weeks. It said five MSF-supported field hospitals in East Ghouta had treated 576 wounded patients and recorded 69 deaths, with a quarter of the wounded women or children under the age of 15. In a statement, MSF said its figures did not account for the total numbers killed in the area as there are other medical facilities it does not support regularly. ",1
13685,U.N. to offer direct talks to Syrian negotiators for first time,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Syrian government and opposition negotiators meeting in Geneva this week will have the chance to hold direct talks for the first time, but it is not clear if they will take it, the U.N. envoy mediating the talks told reporters on Tuesday.  We are going to offer it. We will see if this takes place. But we will be offering that,  Staffan de Mistura said after meeting the opposition delegation at their hotel. ",1
13686,"As West frowns on Putin, young Russians learn the military way","STAVROPOL, Russia (Reuters) - President Vladimir Putin may be criticized by the West for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine in 2014, but at home his public approval ratings have been boosted. The operation to seize the peninsula, hailed by Russian nationalists as  The Crimean Spring , led to an upsurge in what is called  military and patriotic education  of Russian youths. In the southern region of Stavropol, interest has been revived in the Cossacks, a warrior class in tsarist times, and in the history of tsarist and modern wars which Moscow fought in the North Caucasus region. The Cossacks, who were portrayed as peaceful ploughmen in quiet times, were swift to repel attacks from nearby regions, such as Chechnya and Dagestan, or join Moscow s military campaigns elsewhere.  Tomorrow begins today,  reads the motto of a cadet school in Stavropol that was named after Alexei Yermolov, a 19th century Russian general who conquered the Caucasus for the Russian empire. A Reuters photo essay (reut.rs/2jp4dgu) captures images from the General Yermolov Cadet School training in Stavropol and in the countryside. Most cadets come from families of active Russian soldiers or officers from other security forces. About 40 percent of school leavers join the military or law enforcement agencies. Many instructors spent years in  hot spots  or conflict zones. A group of teenagers from the  Patriot  club in Crimea visited the school s field camp, named  Russian Knights , over the summer. Up to 600 boys and girls train there each summer. This camp trains more than 1,500 teenagers a year. Physical exercises go hand-in-hand with weapons training, marksmanship tests, car driving and even parachuting. ",1
13687,At least 17 killed in gold mine dispute on Mali-Guinea border,"CONAKRY (Reuters) - A two-day skirmish between Guinean and Malian villagers over control of a gold mine that straddles the countries  joint border killed at least 17 people, a government official in Guinea said on Tuesday. Villagers in both countries lay claim to the zone s rich underground deposits, which have lured thousands of people to work in unregulated small-scale mines along the border. Artisanal gold mining, conducted with rudimentary tools, is a key source of income in both Mali and Guinea, but poses numerous safety risks, including frequent mine collapses.  There are five dead on the Guinean side and 12 dead on the Malian side,  said Cheick Mohamed Diallo, prefect of the town of Mandiana in eastern Guinea.           A witness on the Guinean side of the border said the villagers fought each other with firearms and bladed weapons. The fighting has ceased, local resident Cheikh Keita said, but the situation remained tense on Tuesday.   A similar incident occurred in February 2015, when Guinean miners killed three Malian nationals in a fight over a gold discovery.   ",1
13688,Pro-refugee German mayor stabbed in suspected political attack,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The mayor of a small town in western Germany known for pursuing liberal migrant policies was stabbed in the neck at a kebab shop on Monday evening and seriously hurt in an attack that officials suspected was politically motivated. The conservative mayor of Altena, Andreas Hollstein, appeared at a news conference on Tuesday to describe the attack which left him with a 15 cm long cut on his neck, covered in a white plaster.    I feared for my life,  said the 57-year-old mayor who has received a German integration prize from Chancellor Angela Merkel. He said the attack took place in an atmosphere of growing social tension and hate.  The attacker asked him if he was the mayor, before saying:  You let me die of thirst and let 200 refugees into Altena,  Hollstein recalled. Then the man plunged a 30 cm long kitchen knife into him. Police told reporters that the suspect, identified only as Werner S., had been arrested. They believed his motives were xenophobic and political, although they took it to be a spontaneous attack, adding he had alcohol in his system. The attack comes as Germany struggles to deal with an increasingly fractured society. Many voters are still angry  about the influx of more than 1.6 million people seeking asylum in the two years to the end of 2016.  In a September election, some 13 percent of Germans voted for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) which campaigned hard against Merkel s open-door migrant policy.  It brings us no further forward if we transmit political views with hate,  Hollstein said. He said his wife had warned him about possible attacks due to his policies but he was determined to continue his work.  I will push for refugees and for other people in a weaker social situation,  he vowed, thanking the owner of the shop and his son for probably saving his life.  Under his leadership, the town of Altena, with 17,000 residents and 450 refugees, has taken in more migrants than it was allocated. Politicians including Merkel expressed their shock.  I am horrified by the knife attack on the mayor Andreas Hollstein - and very relieved that he can already be back with his family. Thanks also to those who helped him,  Merkel said via her spokesman on Twitter. The attack is reminiscent of the stabbing two years ago of a candidate for mayor of Cologne, Henriette Reker, in an anti-refugee attack. She was seriously hurt but went on to win the election and become mayor. ",1
13689,"Ireland set for election if Deputy PM does not quit, opposition says","DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland s Deputy Prime Minister has to resign or else she will force a snap election next month, a senior member of the opposition party propping up the country s minority government said on Monday.  I think the Tanaiste (deputy prime minister) should recognize that unless she does stand aside, she is going to force this country into an election nobody wants, that nobody needs and is not in the country s interests,  Fianna Fail s Jim O Callaghan told national broadcaster RTE.  I don t see any other method out of this.  ",1
13690,Turkish court orders detention of two over U.S. court case: CNN Turk,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish court has issued detention warrants for two people including a former opposition lawmaker for allegedly providing fake evidence and documents to a court case in the United States, private broadcaster CNN Turk said on Tuesday. CNN Turk identified the two wanted individuals as former Republican People s Party (CHP) lawmaker Aykan Erdemir and banking auditor Osman Zeki Canitez, both of whom it said were named in a witness list presented for the U.S. trial of former Halkbank executive Mehmet Hakan Atilla. The media relations office at the Istanbul prosecutor s office said they did not have any information regarding the detention warrants. U.S. authorities charged Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab and eight other people, including Turkey s former economy minister and three executives of Turkish state-owned Halkbank, with engaging in transactions worth hundreds of millions of dollars for Iran s government and Iranian entities from 2010 to 2015 in a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. Mehmet Hakan Atilla, who pleaded not guilty, will be the only person on trial in the U.S. case. U.S. District Judge Richard Berman told potential jurots on Monday that Zarrab, who has been the focus of the case, will not go on trial this week. Atilla and Zarrab are the only two defendants who were arrested by U.S. authorities.  Turkish authorities have said that some evidence presented by prosecutors was fabricated for political motives, and state media said two weeks ago authorities had launched an investigation into the prosecutors who initiated the U.S. case. Halkbank and Turkish officials have said all the bank s transactions have been fully compliant with national and international regulations, but investors are worried. At 1100 GMT, shares in Turkey s state-owned lender Halkbank were trading 4.47 percent lower at 8.97 lira. ",1
13691,Macron touts European initiative to evacuate Africans trapped in Libya,"OUAGADOUGOU (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Tuesday he would ask European leaders to help evacuate Africans in danger in Africa after reports appearing to show African migrants being traded there sparked an international outcry.  I will propose that Africa and Europe come to the rescue of the people trapped in Libya, by bringing massive support to the evacuation of people in danger,  Macron said in a speech in Burkina Faso without giving further details. ",1
13692,"France will no longer dictate to Africans, Macron says","OUAGADOUGOU, Burkina Faso (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday sought to make a clean break from his predecessors saying that he came from a generation that would not tell Africans what to do and would focus his efforts on bridging ties between Africa and Europe.   I am from a generation that doesn t come to tell Africans what to do,  Macron said during a speech to university students in the Burkinabe capital Ouagadougou.  I am from a generation for whom Nelson Mandela s victory is one of the best political memories.  Macron is on a three-day visit to West Africa that includes an EU-Africa summit in Ivory Coast s capital Abidjan.   I will not stand by those who say the African continent is one of crises and misery. I will be alongside those who believe that Africa is neither a lost continent or one that needs to be saved.  ",1
13693,Japan detects radio signals pointing to possible North Korea missile test: source,"TOKYO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Japan has detected radio signals suggesting North Korea may be preparing another ballistic missile launch, although such signals are not unusual and satellite images did not show fresh activity, a Japanese government source said on Tuesday. After firing missiles at a pace of about two or three a month since April, North Korean missile launches paused in September, after it fired a rocket that passed over Japan s northern Hokkaido island.  This is not enough to determine (if a launch is likely soon),  the source told Reuters. Japan s Kyodo news agency reported late on Monday that the Japanese government was on alert after catching such radio signals, suggesting a launch could come in a few days. The report also said the signals might be related to winter military training by the North Korean military. North Korea is pursuing its nuclear weapons and missile programmes in defiance of U.N. Security Council sanctions and has made no secret of its plans to develop a missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. It has fired two missiles over Japan. South Korea s Yonhap news agency, citing a South Korean government source, also reported that intelligence officials of the United States, South Korea and Japan had recently detected signs of a possible missile launch and have been on higher alert. South Korean Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon told reporters on Tuesday there have been  noteworthy  movements from the North since its last missile launch in mid-September, but there was no hard evidence of another nuclear or missile test.  North Korea hasn t been engaging in new nuclear or missile tests but recently we ve seen them persistently testing engines and carrying out fuel tests,  said Cho at a media event in Seoul.  But we need some more time to see whether these are directly related to missile and nuclear tests.  Asked about the media reports, Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning told reporters the United States continued to watch North Korea very closely.   This is a diplomatically led effort at this point, supported by military options,  he said.  The Republic of Korea and U.S. alliance remains strong and capable of countering any North Korean provocations or attacks.  Two U.S. government sources familiar with official assessments of North Korean capabilities and activities said that while they were not immediately familiar with recent intelligence suggesting that North Korea was preparing to launch a new missile test, the U.S. government would not be surprised if such a test were to take place in the very near future. Other U.S. intelligence officials noted North Korea has previously sent deliberately misleading signs of preparations for missile and nuclear tests, in part to mask real preparations, and in part to test U.S. and allied intelligence on its activities. South Korea s Cho said North Korea may announce the completion of its nuclear programme within a year, as it is moving more faster than expected in developing its arsenal. North Korea defends its weapons programmes as a necessary defence against U.S. plans to invade. The United States, which stations 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-53 Korean war, denies any such intention. ",1
13694,Colombia's congress approves peace tribunals for ex FARC rebels,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia s lower house of congress late on Monday backed a bill to regulate transitional justice under the nation s peace deal with Marxist FARC rebels, including special tribunals that will try guerrilla leaders for war crimes. The bill, which was approved with some modifications, is considered the cornerstone of the peace agreement signed last year between the government and the FARC, known until recently as the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia. The special courts will mete out alternative sentences like landmine removal for ex-guerrilla leaders who are convicted of war crimes committed during the five-decade war. Under the peace deal, those convicted will not serve time in traditional jails. The lower house made changes to the text agreed this month by the Senate, so it must now go for conciliation between the two chambers. Once there is agreement on alterations the bill will go to President Juan Manuel Santos to be signed into law.  With this step, we move towards peace: transitional justice guarantees the rights of the victims and establishes the basis for the reconciliation of Colombians,  Santos said on Twitter. Congress had until the end of the month to approve the law using a court-approved  fast-track  mechanism to reduce the number of required debates in an effort to implement the peace accord as quickly as possible. The FARC, now a political party known as the Revolutionary Alternative Common Force, has argued against any changes to the original agreement, including extradition for crimes committed after demobilization. The law, which would also apply to members of the military who have been accused of atrocities, is part of the agreement that allowed more than 11,000 members of the FARC - combatants and others - to lay down their arms and enter politics. With the modifications, the FARC will be able to participate in politics, but face the risk of losing benefits if they committed sexual abuse against minors. They can be also be extradited for crimes committed after the culmination of the peace process.  We have achieved an agreement with teeth,  said Rodrigo Lara, president of the lower house.  Any FARC member who commits a another crime will immediately leave the special regime and go to the ordinary jurisdiction. Sexual crimes will not be protected.   The leader of the FARC, Rodrigo Londono, a presidential candidate for next year s election, has said any changes put at risk the implementation of the peace agreement. Under the agreement the FARC will have 10 guaranteed seats in Congress until 2026. The group has announced a slate of candidates for elections next year. ",1
13695,"Kenya president lifts travel restrictions, saying all Africans can get visa on arrival","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta said on Tuesday that any African can get a visa on arrival in Kenya, and will be free to settle in the country if they marry a Kenyan, removing restrictions on some nations.   If you wish and find a willing partner, you can marry and settle in Kenya,  he said during his inauguration address, saying the move was designed to cement African ties.  This commitment we make again with no requirement for reciprocity.   ",1
13696,Indonesian 'Trump' says has no plans to run for president,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Indonesian business tycoon Hary Tanoesoedibjo said on Tuesday he was not planning to stand in the country s 2019 presidential election, and that he would support current President Joko Widodo if he chose to run again. Tanoesoedibjo, a business partner of Donald Trump whose political ambitions have led to similarities with the U.S. President being drawn, said in January he would decide before the end of next year whether to run in the ballot.  He previously stood as a candidate for vice president in the 2014 election and subsequently founded his own political party, which will contest Indonesia s general elections in 2019.    Looking at the constellation today, I think President Jokowi will run again and I am in the position to support him,  he told Reuters at the Asia TV Forum and Market in Singapore. Asked if he would stand, he replied:  No, I don t think so.  Widodo is expected to stand for a second term against Prabowo Subianto, who also rang against him in 2014. Religious and political tension in Indonesia, which has the world s largest Muslim population, escalated to its highest level during a divisive election for Jakarta governor earlier this year. Tanoesoedibjo said the political climate in Indonesia remained stable but that the country needed a president that  stands in the middle of everyone .   He (Widodo) is the strongest candidate. He is very moderate and he is very nationalist,  added Tanoesoedibjo. As a business partner of Trump, Tanoesoedibjo believes his relationship with the U.S. President could help ties between the nations and he is not worried about the impact U.S. trade protectionism may have on the Southeast Asia s biggest economy.  At least Mr Trump knows Indonesia better because of the relationship we have between our group and the Trump organization,  he said.  But what he is doing about reviewing the trade relationship with other countries I think is right....but Indonesia is too small...for the U.S. in terms of the amount of trade between the two countries and I don t think that would have any impact at all.  Tanoesoedibjo is Trump s business partner in two resort developments in Indonesia - on the island of Bali and in West Java. Turning to his other business interests Tanoesoedibjo said he had plans to list a division of his company - MNC Studios International - on the Jakarta stock exchange next year.  We have seen many interests (by investors) because it s the largest production company in the country,  he said. ",1
13697,"Greek police find detonators, bomb making material: statement","ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek police found bomb making equipment and detonators during an early-morning raid at three addresses in Athens on Tuesday, it said in a statement. Nine persons were being questioned, police said. Earlier police officials told Reuters the individuals were being quizzed for alleged links to DHKP/C, an outlawed group blamed for a string of attacks and suicide bombings in Turkey since 1990. Police sources earlier said unspecified material in jars was found, and was being tested. The police statement said  commercial goods, which could potentially be used in making explosive materials  were found. ",1
13698,Pope says Myanmar should commit to respect for human rights,"NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - Pope Francis said on Tuesday that Myanmar is suffering from civil conflict and hostilities  that have lasted all too long and created deep divisions , but in a speech in the country s capital he did not refer to the minority Rohingya Muslims.  The arduous process of peacebuilding and national reconciliation can only advance through a commitment to justice and respect for human rights,  he said, speaking after Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi had made an address.  Religious differences need not be a source of division and distrust, but rather a force for unity, forgiveness, tolerance and wise nationbuilding,  the pope added. The pope s visit to Myanmar comes after an exodus of more than 620,000 Rohingya from Rakhine state to the southern tip of Bangladesh following a military crackdown that the United States last week branded  ethnic cleansing . His trip is so delicate that some papal advisers warned him   against even saying the word  Rohingya , lest he set off a diplomatic incident that could turn the country s military and government against minority Christians. Myanmar does not recognize the Rohingya as citizens nor as members of a distinct ethnic group with their own identity, and it rejects the term  Rohingya  and its use. Pope Francis did not use the word in his speech. ",1
13699,Millions of insecure gadgets exposed in European cities: report,"LONDON (Reuters) - A year after a wave of denial-of-service attacks knocked out major websites around the world, millions of unsecured printers, network gear and webcams remain undefended against attack across major European cities, a report published on Tuesday said. Computer security company Trend Micro (4704.T) said that Berlin has more than 2.8 million insecure devices, followed closely by London with more than 2.5 million exposed gadgets. Among the top 10 capitals, Rome was lowest with nearly 300,000 visible unsecured devices, the researchers said. The study was based on calculating the number of exposed devices in major European cities using Shodan, a search engine that helps to identify internet-linked equipment. Trend Micro said that electronics users must take responsibility for managing their own internet-connected devices because of the failure by many gadget manufacturers to build in up-front security by default in their products. The warning comes one year after a wave of attacks using so-called botnets of infected devices caused outages on popular websites and knocked 900,000 Deutsche Telekom (DTEGn.DE) users off the internet. (reut.rs/2BjdRII)   Computer experts say the failure to patch millions of insecure devices after last year s Mirai denial-of-service attacks means it is only a question of time before further broad-based outages occur.  Research company Gartner recently forecast that there would be 8.4 billion connected products or devices in 2017, up 31 percent from 2016, and expects the number to triple by 2020. (goo.gl/thR54Q) ",1
13700,Pakistan army's role in focus as Islamists end blasphemy blockade,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - When hardline Pakistani Islamists signed an agreement with the government on Monday to end a crippling blockade of the nation s capital, the text of their deal concluded by thanking the army chief who it said had  saved the nation from a big catastrophe . The effusive praise for General Qamar Javed Bajwa s role as mediator has triggered some concern among moderate politicians and criticism from a judge in Islamabad, where 36 hours earlier the civilian government had called in the army to restore order after police clashed with the entrenched Islamists. Seven people had been killed and nearly 200 wounded in an unsuccessful police-led operation to clear the Islamist protesters, who accused a government minister of blasphemy. Instead of sending in troops, General Bajwa requested a meeting with Prime Minister Shahid Khaqi Abbasi on Sunday. The next day, the government capitulated and met most of the Islamists  demands, including the resignation of Law Minister Zahid Hamid, who stood down. A High Court judge issued an order on Monday demanding the government explain why the military had helped negotiate the deal. Judge Shaukat Aziz Siddiqui said the army appeared to be overstepping its constitutional role, which requires it to  act in aid of civilian government when called upon to do so . Critics worry the military may be meddling in politics - always a concern in a country where the army has repeatedly seized power - rather than simply following the orders of the civilian administration.  The job of the military is to be subservient to the government s orders,  said political analyst Zahid Hussain.  The military s role as facilitator has raised many questions.  A ruling party spokesman said the army and government had acted in consultation and said the army did not balk at government orders. No evidence has emerged to contradict that account. The military itself did not respond to repeated requests for comment.  Zahid said he was resigning  to take the country out of a crisis-like situation , according to state-run news channel PTV. Tehreek-e-Labaik, a recently formed ultra-religious party that has made punishing blasphemy its main campaign rallying cry, had blocked main roads into Islamabad for nearly three weeks, demanding Law Minister Hamid s removal. It blamed the minister for a tweak in the wording in an electoral law that changed a religious oath proclaiming Mohammad the last prophet of Islam to the words  I believe , a change the party says amounts to blasphemy. The government put the issue down to a clerical error and swiftly changed the language back. Insulting Islam s prophet is punishable by death under Pakistani law, and blasphemy accusations stir such emotions that they are almost impossible to defend against.  Last week, the Islamabad High Court had ordered the government to remove the protesters, but not to use firearms. A clearing operation on Saturday quickly descended into chaos, with protesters armed with iron rods and stones battling police to a standstill and scores on each side hospitalized, after which the government called in the army. In an order made at a follow-up hearing on Monday, Judge Siddiqui said it appeared that the  role assumed the top leadership of the army is besides the constitution  and  beyond its mandate . The judge said it was  alarming  that Major General Faiz Hameed had signed the agreement as a mediator. Hameed is a senior member of the powerful Inter-Services Intelligence agency, in charge of counter-terrorism, two senior military officials confirmed. Ruling party official Jan Achakzai confirmed that Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and army chief General Bajwa had met on Sunday, but said the process was consultative and it did not constitute the military questioning orders.  The army ... suggested the government resolve it through negotiations,  Achakzai said, adding that the government, after deliberations, directed the interior ministry to meet the protesters  demands to avert further violence.  It was affecting the whole country,  he said, adding the government had yielded  in the larger interest of peace and maintaining law and order . Tehreek-e-Labaik leader Khadim Hussain Rizvi gave his account of the army s role in ending the stand-off at a news conference on Monday.  So the general took personal interest and sent his team, saying  we will become the guarantors, and have your demands fulfilled ,  Rizvi said.  So we said,  All right. That is what we want .     The military s press department did not respond to questions about Rizvi s account. Tensions between the military and the ruling party led by former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif have occasionally broken out into the open. Sharif had last year rejected a plan put forward by the army to  mainstream  some hardline Islamist groups into politics, government sources have previously told Reuters, including a forerunner of Tehreek-e-Labaik. The Islamist party has denied it has any links to the army and the military declined at the time to comment on the report. ",1
13701,Myanmar's Suu Kyi says trust has been eroded between Rakhine state communities,"NAYPYITAW (Reuters) - Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Tuesday there had been an erosion of trust and understanding between communities of Rakhine state, but did not refer to the hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims who have fled since a military crackdown there.  Of the many challenges that our government has been facing, the situation in the Rakhine has most strongly captured the attention of the world,  Suu Kyi said in a speech at a ceremony to welcome Pope Francis in the capital, Naypyitaw, on the second day of his visit to the country.  As we address longstanding issues, social, economic and political, that have eroded trust and understanding, harmony and cooperation, between different communities in Rakhine, the support of our people and of good friends who only wish to see us succeed in our endeavors, has been invaluable,  she said. More than 620,000 Rohingya have left northern Rakhine state over the past three months to escape what Amnesty International has dubbed  crimes against humanity , gathering in refugee camps at the southern tip of neighboring Bangladesh. The United States has accused Myanmar of  ethnic cleansing  against the Rohingya, but China has stood by the country and Suu Kyi is due to travel to Beijing later this week. Suu Kyi, a Nobel peace laureate and champion of democracy who for years faced down the junta that long ruled her country, has faced condemnation from around the globe for expressing doubts about reports of rights abuses against the Rohingya and failing to condemn the military. ",1
13702,Syrian government to arrive in Geneva tomorrow for peace talks: SANA,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A Syrian government delegation will arrive in Geneva on Wednesday to attend peace talks this week, state news agency SANA said, quoting Syria s foreign affairs ministry.  The delegation will be headed by Syria s U.N. ambassador and chief negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari, SANA said on Tuesday.  The delegation had delayed its planned departure to the talks set to begin on Tuesday because of the opposition s insistence that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad step down. ",1
13703,"Kenya President Uhuru Kenyatta sworn in for second, five-year term","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya President Uhuru Kenyatta was sworn in for second, five-year term on Tuesday, ending months of political turmoil in the east African nation. Kenyatta won a repeat presidential election on Oct. 26 after opposition leader Raila Odinga boycotted the vote, citing concerns over fairness. Police prevented opposition leaders from holding a rival gathering on Tuesday.  ",1
13704,Irish independent ministers say political situation 'very grave',"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The two independent cabinet ministers that support Prime Minister Leo Varadkar s minority government said the uncertainty over the future of his deputy prime minister was  very grave .  The situation is very grave. We will make our views known to the taoiseach (prime minister) at cabinet this morning,  the Independent Alliance group s Finian McGrath told reporters. He would not comment on whether the deputy prime minister should resign. ",1
13705,Kremlin: no firm date yet for proposed congress of Syria's peoples,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - No firm date has been set yet for a Congress of Syria s peoples proposed by Russia, the Kremlin said on Tuesday, stressing that such a forum should be as inclusive as possible.  There is no clarity yet (on the date), no one is setting a task for himself to adjust this event to the New Year holidays or after them,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters.  The main thing is to properly prepare and agree the lists (of the participants) - this is precisely the hardest part of it.  ",1
13706,Mexico finance minister resigns to seek presidency for ruling party,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s finance minister resigned on Monday to seek the 2018 presidential nomination of the ruling party, anticipating a major break with tradition as it seeks outside help to clean up its tarnished image and stay in office for another six years. Jose Antonio Meade had been widely expected to run for the centrist Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), whose credibility has been seriously undermined by corruption scandals, gang violence and accusations of electoral fraud. Meade is not a PRI member, and his reputation for honesty has persuaded many party grandees that he is the best bet to take on the front-runner in the July 2018 presidential race, the leftist former mayor of Mexico City, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador. PRI hopefuls can register from Dec. 3, and early indications suggested Meade would not face any major challengers. The PRI will formally elect its candidate on Feb. 18. He was warmly received by party members on a whistle-stop tour of organizations affiliated to the PRI in Mexico City on Monday. All the other early PRI favorites for the presidency expressed their support for him on Twitter. Soft-spoken and measured in tone, Meade, 48 first entered the Cabinet under the previous center-right administration of the National Action Party, or PAN. His ability to draw votes from other parties is viewed as one of his principal assets.  He ll be an attractive candidate for those who don t necessarily support the PRI,  tweeted Daniel Karam, who headed the Mexican Social Security Institute during Meade s initial Cabinet stint under the PAN. Eager to mend its reputation, the PRI changed its statutes in August to make it easier for outsiders to run for the job the party has held for most of the past century. At an event at his official residence, President Enrique Pena Nieto said Harvard-educated former World Bank official Jose Antonio Gonzalez Anaya would leave his job as chief executive of state oil company Pemex to replace Meade in the Finance Ministry. In a brief address at the ministry afterward, Meade said he would run for the presidency  after 20 years of serving my country continuously with integrity and honesty.  Lopez Obrador, twice runner-up for the presidency, has railed relentlessly for years against government graft. He quickly lashed out on Twitter against the PRI as  corrupt  and  predictable  after Meade made his announcement. Meade remains unknown to much of the Mexican public, and in opinion polls he lags far behind the veteran Lopez Obrador, who has sought to characterize all of the main opposition parties as corrupt extensions of the PRI. Serving as energy, then finance minister in 2011, Meade became foreign minister when Pena Nieto took office in December 2012. He later switched to the Social Development Ministry before returning to the Finance Ministry last year. Seen by allies as a discreet and diplomatic official, Meade s grasp of finance and economics is matched by few in Mexico, and his academic career includes degrees in law and economics as well as an economics doctorate from Yale. Crucially, argue his supporters, he has avoided the damaging scandals that have engulfed the PRI under Pena Nieto, who cannot constitutionally seek a second six-year term.       I thank (Meade) for his dedication and commitment and I wish him success in the project he has decided to undertake,  Pena Nieto said at the event at his Los Pinos residence. TV images showed Meade driving toward Los Pinos behind the wheel of a modest compact car, a frequent prop among Mexican politicians seeking to project the common touch. Gonzalez Anaya, who is related by marriage to influential former President Carlos Salinas de Gortari, will be replaced at Pemex by Carlos Trevino, a senior executive at the company. ",1
13707,Mexico's Meade to seek nomination of ruling PRI party,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s outgoing finance minister Jose Antonio Meade said on Monday he will seek the presidential nomination of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, in next year s election. ",1
13708,"Turkey, United States 'on same wavelength', to speak again this week: Erdogan","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday his talks with U.S. President Donald Trump last week were the first occasion in a long time the two NATO allies were  on the same wavelength  and they would speak against this week. Diplomatic ties between Ankara and Washington have been strained by several disagreements, particularly over the United States  support for the YPG Syrian Kurdish militia, which Ankara regards as a terrorist group.  The telephone call which we had with Trump on Friday was the first in a long time in which we got on the same wavelength,  Erdogan said in a speech to deputies from his ruling AK Party in parliament. He said discussions would continue in the coming days on the issues of the YPG, defense industry cooperation and the fight against the network of a U.S.-based cleric whom Ankara accuses of orchestrating last year s failed coup in Turkey. According to Turkey s foreign minister, Trump on Friday told Erdogan he had issued instructions that weapons should not be provided to the Syrian Kurdish YPG. However, the Pentagon said on Monday it was reviewing  adjustments  in arms for Syrian Kurdish forces, but it stopped short of halting weapons transfers, suggesting such decisions would be based on battlefield requirements. Speaking to reporters in parliament after his speech, Erdogan said the Pentagon statement would be discussed at Turkey s National Security Council (MGK) meeting later on Tuesday. He also said that Trump indicated that another call may happen this week.  If he doesn t call, I ll call,  Erdogan said. The YPG spearheads the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting Islamic State with the help of a U.S.-led coalition. Turkey regards the YPG as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a decades-long insurgency in Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by Ankara, the United States and European Union. ",1
13709,Turkey's Erdogan says will speak to U.S. Trump again this week,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday he would hold another phone call with U.S. President Donald Trump this week, after the two leaders spoke last week. Speaking to reporters in parliament, Erdogan also said Turkey s National Security Council (MGK), which will convene later Tuesday, will discuss a statement by the Pentagon on the provision of weapons to Syrian Kurdish militants. [nL1N1NX170] ",1
13710,U.N. envoy says told to expect Syrian government delegation on Wednesday,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura has received assurances that the Syrian government delegation will attend peace talks in Geneva this week, a U.N. spokeswoman said on Tuesday. Earlier the pro-Damascus Syrian newspaper al-Watan reported that the Syrian government delegation to U.N.-backed peace talks in Geneva this week has not yet left Damascus and may announce on Tuesday whether it will participate.  The Government delegation has not yet arrived, the Special Envoy received a message that they are planning to arrive tomorrow, which is the 29th of November,  U.N. spokeswoman Alessandra Vellucci told a news briefing in Geneva, declining to give details.  At least we know that they are coming.  ",1
13711,Backlash as Beijing fire safety blitz forces exodus of city's underclass,"BEIJING (Reuters) - In Xinjiancun, a ramshackle village of migrant workers on the far southern fringe of Beijing, demolition machinery tears into buildings as residents drag out the last of their belongings under the gaze of police and security staff. A citywide fire safety blitz prompted by a deadly blaze this month is forcing thousands of migrant workers out of their homes and businesses, igniting unusually direct criticism of city government measures seen by some people as unfairly targeting the vulnerable underclass. Beijing s municipal government launched the 40-day  special operation  targeting fire code and building safety violations after a Nov. 18 apartment fire in Xinjiancun killed 19, almost all of them migrants. The Beijing government said it had acted on more than 25,000 violations in the operation s first week, which it described as purely  for the lives and safety of the people . Tens of thousands of people are believed to be affected, activists said. While restaurants and shops not up to code in more affluent areas have not been immune, the safety blitz has mostly targeted outlying parts of Beijing where enforcement of construction codes has tended to be lax, and where migrant workers congregate due to cheaper rent.  To say that this special operation is to drive out the  low-end population  is irresponsible and baseless,  the Beijing government said in a statement carried by state media on Sunday.       Some of the migrant population choose these places to work and live in, but they don t understand the danger they re in.       One resident said her family of six, including her nine-month old grandson, had been suddenly rendered homeless, spending the previous night huddled in the back of their minivan in sub-freezing temperatures.  We are also Chinese people. Why are we being treated this way?  said the woman, from central China s Hubei province.  What are we to do, where can we go to raise grievances? No one dares to,  she said, asking not to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter.  Local authorities attributed the Nov. 18 blaze to faulty electrical wiring in an illegally modified two-storey property housing shops and a cold storage facility in the basement, with the top floor subdivided into small, crowded living quarters.  More than a dozen residents of Xinjiancun said at least 50 uniformed security guards and  chengguan  - an urban management force which assists police - had smashed their stores  signage and issued threats to ensure compliance.  The Beijing city government and the Daxing district government, which covers the southern part of the city, did not respond to requests for comment. Xia Xiaocong, a 44-year-old supermarket owner, said he was told to move everything out and leave within 48 hours, after security guards cut his electricity and trashed the front of his shop.     I told them I have all the legal documents, and they said you have to close and get lost,  he told Reuters inside the damaged store, its shelves emptied. Residents and supermarket staff confirmed details of Xia s account. In Dingfuzhuang, a logistics hub in Beijing s east, residents on Saturday said authorities had cut off electricity and running water to force them out.  In 2008, it was  Beijing Welcomes You ,  said Liang Yinghui, from northern Hebei province, referring to the slogan of the 2008 Beijing Olympics.  Now, in 2017, Beijing loathes you, and wants to throw you out.  An open letter to the Chinese government from more than 100 prominent academics, lawyers and intellectuals said the measures against Beijing s migrant population were  illegal, unconstitutional and seriously trampled on human rights . Such open criticism of government is increasingly rare as officials have clamped down on various aspects of civil society under President Xi Jinping.   Some non-profit groups that sought to offer assistance said they have been obstructed by police, with their online advertisements blocked by censors.  Tongzhou Jiayuan, a private community service centre in Beijing s Tongzhou district, said it was shut by police soon after posting a notice on social media welcoming struggling migrant workers to come and stay. On Monday, Beijing party secretary Cai Qi said authorities should have given more time for residents to relocate and called for the operation to be carried out in a more orderly fashion, according to the official Beijing Daily. Some 8.23 million Beijing residents came from outside the capital, almost 40 percent of its population of nearly 22 million, according to a 2016 report by the state-run Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. While the city says the clean-up is for safety, it is also consistent with policies to control growth. In September, the central government approved Beijing s plan to cap its population at 23 million in 2020.  Ma Zhitao, 32, who arrived in Beijing at the start of the year to work as a laborer in the hope of providing a better life for his 10-year-old son back home in rural Shaanxi province, said he was now forced to return home.  I thought it would be different,  said Ma, whose power and water had been cut off at his home in Dingfuzhuang.  It s the capital after all.  ",1
13712,Chinese general kills himself amid corruption probe,"BEIJING (Reuters) - A prominent Chinese general under investigation for corruption has committed suicide, state media said on Tuesday, the latest development in a sweeping anti-graft campaign that has shaken the armed forces. Zhang Yang, a former member of the powerful Central Military Commission (CMC), was being investigated over links to disgraced generals Guo Boxiong and Xu Caihou, the official Xinhua news agency said. The investigation into Zhang, 66, had verified that he  gravely violated discipline , was  suspected of giving and taking bribes  and the origin of a huge amount of assets was unclear, Xinhua said, citing the commission.  On the afternoon of Nov. 23, Zhang Yang hanged himself at home,  the agency said. A suicide by an officer who held such a senior post is rare, though experts have said the frequency of officials from various levels of government taking their own lives may have increased as a result of the intensity of the corruption crackdown since President Xi Jinping took power five years ago. A commentary carried on both the Defense Ministry and military s official websites said the CMC decided on Aug. 28 to investigate Zhang, who had  lost his moral bottom line  and used suicide as a means to  escape punishment from the party and country , an  extremely abominable act .  This former general of high position and great power used this shameful way to end his own life,  the commentary said.  He would exhort loyalty but be corrupt behind others  backs, a typical  two-faced person ,  it said. Sources had told Reuters that Zhang, who had served as director of the military s Political Work Department, had been subject to an investigation, but the government had not announced it. Zhang s downfall was foreshadowed in September when he failed to make a list of 303 military delegates to the ruling Communist Party s key five-yearly congress, along with fellow CMC member Fang Fenghui. Both men were replaced at the congress, held last month, as part of a sweeping military leadership reshuffle in which Xi install trusted allies in key positions. China s military, the world s largest and undergoing an ambitious modernization campaign, has been an important focus of Xi s deep-seated fight against corruption. Serving and retired officers have said graft in the armed forces is so pervasive it could undermine China s ability to wage war. Dozens of officers have been investigated and jailed, including Xu and Guo, both former vice chairmen of the commission, which Xi heads. Xu once ran the Political Work Department, which is in charge of imbuing political thought and makes military personnel decisions, and along with Guo was accused of taking bribes in exchange for promotions. Guo was jailed for life last year. Xu died of cancer in 2015 before he could face trial. ",1
13713,Burundi opposition platform boycotts new round of peace talks in Tanzania,"NAIROBI (Reuters) - Burundi s main opposition grouping said it is boycotting peace talks that resumed on Tuesday in Tanzania, leaving little chance that the negotiations will end simmering political violence that has claimed hundreds of lives.  Burundi has been gripped by unrest since April 2015, when President Pierre Nkurunziza announced he would stand for a third term, which the opposition said violated the constitution as well as a 2005 peace deal that ended the civil war.  He won a vote largely boycotted by the opposition, but protests sparked a government crackdown that has killed more than 700 people, displaced over 400,000 to neighboring countries and left the economy moribund. The International Criminal Court is investigating whether pro-government forces committed war crimes including murder, torture and rape. Burundi, which has withdrawn from the court, is refusing to recognize the investigation.  Exiled opposition grouping CNARED said former Tanzanian president Benjamin Mkapa, who is facilitating the Nov. 28-Dec. 8 round of talks in Arusha, had not invited them.   We have always asked the facilitator to invite CNARED as an opposition bloc, but he has refused and rather decided to select some of our members who will take part to the dialogue without our consent,  said CNARED spokesman Pancrace Cimpaye. At the end of October, Burundi s cabinet adopted draft legislation seeking to change the current constitution to allow Nkurunziza to run for a fourth term in the 2020 election. The proposed amendments, likely to go to a referendum by next year, seek to abolish the two-term limit and lengthen the presidential terms to seven years.  CNARED says amending the constitution will worsen the crisis. ",1
13714,EU more willing to consider new members in Balkans: EU commissioner,"VIENNA (Reuters) - The European Union is increasingly willing to consider Western Balkan states joining the bloc, which could help ensure peace in the region while enriching the EU itself, the bloc s integration commissioner said.  There is more willingness among (EU) member states to address an enlargement (than a year ago),  Johannes Hahn told Austrian daily Wiener Zeitung in an interview published on Tuesday. Albania, Macedonia, Montenegro and Serbia are official candidates for EU membership while Bosnia and Kosovo are seeking the same status. The EU sees the region as important for issues from controlling immigration to countering security threats ranging from alleged interference of Russia to radical Islam. Member states have realized that  peace could be achieved in the Balkans and that the perspective of joining the EU is vital for it,  Hahn said. The Western Balkans and its 20 million people who are keen on developing their prosperity were a very attractive market for the bloc, Hahn said, adding  that a new member state is not a burden but an enrichment . The commissioner said he did not support the idea of a multi speed Europe as this would lead to member states drifting apart. Instead, every effort should be made to enable weaker states to catch up to strengthen the European Union, he said. ",1
13715,Australia police arrest man accused of plotting NYE attack in Melbourne,"SYDNEY/MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Police have arrested a 20-year-old man suspected of planning to use an automatic rifle for a mass shooting on New Year s Eve in downtown Melbourne, Australia s second largest city. Victoria state police said on Tuesday that the man was acting alone and had not been able to acquire a firearm before his arrest late on Monday.  Victoria Police Deputy Commissioner Shane Patton said the man, an Australian citizen with Somalian parents, had been monitored by authorities since the beginning of the year.   He s accessed documents produced by al-Qaeda Arabian Peninsula which is a guide book in respect to how to commit a terrorist act and also how to use firearms, guns and handguns and rifles,  Patton said at a press conference in Melbourne.  We are alleging that ... he is a sympathiser of ISIS.     The man had planned to shoot as many people as possible at Melbourne s Federation Square, which swells with crowds on New Year s Eve as the focus of the city s celebrations, Patton said. He was charged with preparing to commit a terrorist attack and gathering documents likely to facilitate a terrorist act, according to the Australian Federal Police Australia, a staunch U.S. ally that sent troops to Afghanistan and Iraq, has been on heightened alert since 2014 for attacks by home-grown militants returning from fighting in the Middle East or their supporters. A gunman in a deadly 2014 Sydney cafe siege boasted about links with Islamic State militants, although no direct ties with the group were established. The shooting murder of a police accountant by a 15-year old boy in 2016 was claimed by Islamic State. Around a dozen significant plots have been foiled since the alert was issued, according to officials, including a plot to attack prominent sites in Melbourne last Christmas Eve and a plan to blow up an Etihad Airways flight from Sydney to Abu Dhabi using a bomb disguised as a meat mincer.          ",1
13716,Saudi Arabia's advisory council studying proposals to protect whistleblowers,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s Shura Council, a top advisory council to the government, is studying proposals for protection of people who report financial crime, local media reported, following the government s anti-corruption crackdown. Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has launched an inquiry into graft that has resulted in the detention of a dozens of princes, senior officials and businessmen. The Shura Council does not have legislative powers, but it can propose laws to the king and the cabinet. It said in a tweet on Monday that it had agreed on the  appropriateness of the draft proposal  for whistleblower protection for financial and administrative corruption. The Arabic-language newspaper al-Riyadh reported on Tuesday that the council had agreed to study two proposals on the matter that also included protection of eyewitnesses who report violations such as financial crime. A top official said earlier this month that Saudi authorities have questioned 208 people in an anti-corruption investigation and estimate at least $100 billion has been stolen through graft.  The Government of Saudi Arabia, under the leadership of King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, is working within a clear legal and institutional framework to maintain transparency and integrity in the market,  Attorney General Sheikh Saud Al Mojeb said in a statement on Nov. 9. The investigation has spread to the neighboring United Arab Emirates, as the UAE central bank asked commercial banks and finance companies there to provide details of the accounts of 19 Saudis detained in the crackdown. The UAE central bank governor said last week the request by the central bank for local banks and finance companies to provide details of the accounts of 19 Saudi Arabian citizens was just an information-gathering exercise. ",1
13717,Thai police arrest 16 protesting against coal-fired power plant,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thai authorities have arrested 16 people who were protesting against the construction of a coal-fired power plant, drawing criticism of the military government from rights activists and environmentalists. The planned power plant in the southern province of Songkhla will consist of two 1,000-megawatt units, and is part of a power development plan to 2036, but activists object to its expected environmental and health impact on communities in the area.  The 16 protesters were arrested on Monday as they traveled from Thepa district, the site of the plant, to the provincial capital to present a petition to Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, who was due in the city on Tuesday for a meeting.   This incident shows the true face of Thailand s military dictators, who have committed a long list of abuses and repressions since the May 2014 coup,  Sunai Phasuk, Thailand researcher for U.S.-based group Human Rights Watch, told Reuters. Six protesters were injured in a scuffle with police, said anti-coal activist Supat Hasuwannakit.   The use of force was uncalled for,  Supat told Reuters. A few police officers were injured, police said, adding that the 16 had been charged with blocking traffic, assaulting authorities, and resisting arrest. Police have requested that a court detains them. Tara Buakamsri, country director for Greenpeace Southeast Asia, said in a statement the action against the protesters reflected a  complete failure  by the government to promote a peaceful and inclusive society.   The Thepa power plant has no legitimacy to be built,  the group said.  The first unit of the power plant is due to begin operating in 2021. Its environmental health impact assessment was completed in August and is pending approval by the National Environment Board.  ",1
13718,North Korea may announce completion of nuclear program within a year: South Korea minister,"SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea may announce the completion of its nuclear program within a year, South Korea s unification minister said on Tuesday, as the isolated country is moving more faster than expected in developing its weapons arsenal.  Experts think North Korea will take two to three more years but they are developing their nuclear capabilities faster than expected and we cannot rule out the possibility Pyongyang may declare the completion of their nuclear program in a year,  said Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon at a media event in Seoul. ",1
13719,"China partly lifts ban on group tours to South Korea, online curbs stay","SEOUL/BEIJING (Reuters) - China will allow travel agencies in Beijing and Shandong to partly resume sales of group tours to South Korea, in a sign of thawing relations between the nations that have been locked in a year-long diplomatic standoff. However, executives from tour agencies in the regions said they had been told not to include in their travel packages units of South Korean retail-to-chemicals giant Lotte Group - which provided land for the installation of a U.S.-backed anti-missile system that Beijing vehemently opposed. China had banned all group tours to the neighboring country since March in the wake of South Korea s decision to install the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system. Beijing worries the THAAD s powerful radar can penetrate Chinese territory. In South Korea, a halving of inbound Chinese tourists in the first nine months of the year cost the economy $6.5 billion in lost revenue based on the average spending of Chinese visitors in 2016, official data shows. But a late October agreement between the countries to move past the dispute had boosted hopes group tours may be allowed in the near future. [L3N1NE1MN]  China National Tourism Administration will allow resumption of only over-the-counter sales of package tours from Beijing and Shandong to South Korea, Park Yong-hwan, deputy director at Korea Tourism Organization, and executives at Chinese travel agencies said on Tuesday. Online sales of package tours, and chartering flights or cruise trips are still banned, Park said. According to the executives at travel agencies, restrictions on including Lotte Group units, such as Lotte Duty Free, in tour packages also remain. The executives declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the matter.  Lotte, South Korea s No.5 conglomerate, has faced a major setback in the wake of deteriorating bilateral relations, with most of its hypermarkets in China being shut down after fire inspections. The South Korean travel ban is expected to be be in place for other Chinese regions for now and be gradually lifted going forward, Park said.  Shares in South Korean tourism and retail companies rallied after the news of the partial lifting of the ban, first reported by Yonhap earlier in the day. Asiana Airlines gained 3.1 percent and duty free store operator Hotel Shilla rose 2.8 percent. Casino operator Paradise rose 2.2 percent, while cosmetics maker LG Household & Health Care added 3.7 percent.  ",1
13720,Kenya police fire teargas to control crowd gathering for inauguration,"NAIROBI,  (Reuters) - Kenyan police fired teargas on Tuesday to try to control a crowd of thousands of people trying to force their way into a stadium to attend the inauguration of President Uhuru Kenyatta.  In a separate part of the capital city, where opposition leader Raila Odinga had planned to hold a rival meeting, police sealed off the area and lobbed teargas at opposition supporters trying to gather there.  ",1
13721,Grenade thrown at French troops in Burkina Faso wounds three before Macron's arrival: report,"PARIS (Reuters) - A grenade thrown at French soldiers wounded three civilians in the Burkina Faso capital of Ouagadougou shortly before the arrival of French President Emmanuel Macron, Radio France International reported on Tuesday. The grenade was thrown late on Monday, just hours before Macron was due to speak before a university audience at Ouagadougou, the radio station, citing security sources, said. Two hooded individuals threw the grenade from a motorbike before fleeing the scene, the radio said. There was no immediate comment of the incident at Macron s office. Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel are due to address an EU-Africa summit in Abidjan this week, focusing on education, investment in youth and economic development to prevent refugees and economic migrants from attempting the treacherous journey across the Mediterranean. ",1
13722,China sentences Taiwanese activist to five years for subversion,"BEIJING/TAIPEI (Reuters) - China on Tuesday sentenced Taiwanese rights activist Li Ming-che to five years in prison for subverting state power, prompting Taiwan s ruling political party to label the verdict  totally unacceptable . Li, a community college lecturer and an activist at a human rights non-governmental organisation in Taiwan, went missing while on a trip to China in March. Chinese authorities later charged him with subverting state power.  In the first hearing of Li s case in September, he confessed to subversion, according to videos of the hearing, though his wife refused to recognise the court s authority. Tuesday s verdict was handed down by the Yueyang City Intermediate People s Court in central Hunan province, according to a video of proceedings released by the court s social media account. A mainland Chinese rights activist, Peng Yuhua, tried alongside Li, was sentenced to seven years for the same crime.  Taiwan s ruling Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) said that it was  strongly dissatisfied and regretful  of the result, calling for Beijing to allow Li to return to Taiwan. Beijing must ensure the health and well-being of Li, respect the law and continue to allow his family to visit him, the DPP said in a statement. Li s wife, Li Ching-yu, who had travelled to the mainland from Taiwan to attend her husband s hearing, was in attendance when the verdict was read, according to the videos. Li Ching-yu said in a statement sent to Reuters by her supporters that her husband had long realised that his rights work came with a cost and that there were  tigers in the mountains .  He came to understand early on that he must accept the torment of being made to accept guilt and of being imprisoned,  she said. Peng had been the main actor in the subversion and Li had been an active participant, the court authorities said in the video. Both Li and Peng said that they accepted the ruling and would not appeal, according to the court s video. Ties between Beijing and Taipei have been strained since  Taiwan s President Tsai Ing-wen, leader of the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party, took office last year. Tsai s refusal to state that Taiwan and China are part of one country has angered Beijing, as have her comments about human rights on the mainland. ",1
13723,Britain's 'thrilled' Prince Harry announces he will wed U.S. actress Meghan Markle,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Prince Harry and U.S. actress Meghan Markle announced on Monday they were getting married next year, saying their relationship had blossomed  incredibly quickly  after meeting on a blind date. Harry, 33, Queen Elizabeth s grandson and fifth-in-line to the British throne, and Markle, 36, best known for her role in the U.S. TV legal drama  Suits , said they had got engaged in London this month and will wed in the spring next year.   The fact that I fell in love with Meghan so incredibly quickly was confirmation to me that all the stars were aligned, everything was just perfect. This beautiful woman just tripped and fell into my life, I fell into her life,  Harry said in a broadcast interview. [L8N1NX5AE] The queen, who had to give her assent for the union, and her husband Prince Philip were delighted, Buckingham Palace said, while Harry also received the blessing of Markle s parents.  We re thrilled. I hope they will be very happy indeed,  his father, heir-to-the-throne Prince Charles said. Harry and Markle, who is a divorcee, met in July 2016 after they were introduced through a mutual friend, with both knowing little about the other.  I had never watched Suits, I had never heard of Meghan before and I was beautifully surprised when I walked into that room and saw her. I was like I m going to really up my game here,  Harry said. After just two dates, the couple decided to go on holiday together to Botswana but it was only months later that the prince, the younger son of Charles and his first wife Princess Diana, publicly confirmed their relationship in a rebuke to the media over its alleged intrusion into Markle s private life.   I did not have any understanding of just what it would be like,  she said.  Both of us were totally surprised by the reaction,  added Harry, who said they had had a frank conversation about what she was letting herself in for. It was not until September this year that they made their first public appearance together at the Invictus Games in Toronto, a sports event for wounded veterans. Earlier the couple posed for photographs in the grounds of Kensington Palace in central London where the couple will live in a cottage. Asked when he knew Markle was  the one , he replied:  The very first time we met.  Markle showed off a dazzling three-stone ring, designed by Harry himself with at its center a diamond from Botswana surrounded by two diamonds taken from the personal collection of his late mother Diana. Harry said she would have been  thick as thieves  with Markle.  It s so important to me to know that she s a part of this with us,  Markle said. The wedding is likely to attract huge attention across the world, as did the marriage of Harry s elder brother William to  Kate Middleton in 2011.  We are very excited for Harry and Meghan,  William and Kate said in a statement.  It has been wonderful getting to know Meghan and to see how happy she and Harry are together.   In his office s warning to the media, Harry referred to the sexism and racism directed at Markle, whose father is white and  her mother African-American.  We are incredibly happy for Meghan and Harry. Our daughter has always been a kind and loving person,  Markle s parents Thomas Markle and Doria Ragland said in a statement.  To see her union with Harry, who shares the same qualities, is a source of great joy for us as parents. We wish them a lifetime of happiness and are very excited for their future together.  Educated at the exclusive Eton College, Harry s teenage years were overshadowed by negative headlines, fostering an intense dislike which he and his brother harbored because of the way papers hounded their mother. She died in a Paris car crash in 1997 while being chased by paparazzi. Harry was portrayed as a royal wild child and playboy prince, and in 2002 he admitted smoking cannabis and getting drunk when underage in a pub near the royal family s country estate amid suggestions he had fallen in with a bad crowd. He later scuffled with paparazzi outside a London nightclub and drew outrage by dressing as a Nazi officer at a party. But he turned around his image after joining the army, where he spent 10 years and included two tours of duty in Afghanistan. He said it was a role where he felt he could be himself without media scrutiny or any other trappings of his gilded upbringing. Even when he was photographed partying naked and playing billiards in a private room in Las Vegas in 2012, the response was less critical and more understanding. He left the army in 2015 to focus on royal duties and charity work, particularly the welfare of military veterans, and continuing his mother s work helping those with AIDS, and mental health issues. His easy-going manner with the public has made him one of the most popular members of the Windsors. That has put him at the forefront of a rebranding of the monarchy as modern and relevant, a far cry from the perception of a hopelessly out-of-touch institution following the 1997 death of Diana. To coincide with the 20th anniversary of her death this year, Harry opened up about his own trauma at losing his mother at a young age, and was even quoted as saying he wanted out of the royal family altogether. Like William s wife Kate, Meghan will not become a princess in her own right after marrying Harry. However, Harry, like his brother, is likely to be made a duke when he marries, meaning Meghan would become a duchess. Markle was born in Los Angeles in 1981. Her father was a TV lighting director for soaps and sitcoms and her mother a clinical therapist. She made her first TV appearance in a 2002 episode of medical drama  General Hospital  has appeared in a number of TV shows and films, such as  Horrible Bosses , but achieved greatest fame for her starring part as Rachel Zane in the ongoing  Suits  series.  In 2011, she married film producer Trevor Engelson but they divorced two years later. She had her own lifestyle blog thetig.com, which she recently shut down, and like her future husband has become a prominent humanitarian campaigner. She also criticized U.S. President Donald Trump in a TV interview before last year s U.S. election, calling him misogynistic. Britain s royals are traditionally supposed to avoid making any political interventions and Harry said he had confidence that his wife-to-be would be able to handle the pressures her role would bring.  I know the fact that she ll be unbelievably good at the job part as well is obviously a huge relief to me because she ll be able to deal with everything else that comes with it,  he said.  We re a fantastic team. We know we are.  (This story has been refiled to remove extraneous words in lead)  ",1
13724,"From blind date to Botswana's stars, Prince Harry charts love for U.S. actress Meghan Markle","LONDON (Reuters) - Just four weeks after a blind date with U.S. actress Meghan Markle that left him  beautifully surprised , Britain s Prince Harry took his wife-to-be on a trip to Botswana to camp under the stars in his tent. Harry, 33, Queen Elizabeth s grandson and fifth-in-line to the British throne, and Markle, 36, best known for her role in the U.S. TV legal drama  Suits , got engaged this month at their cottage in London over a roast chicken dinner. In their first broadcast interview since announcing the news earlier on Monday, Harry and Markle held hands as they discussed the moment of their proposal and their courtship.  It was just an amazing surprise. It was so sweet and natural, and very romantic. He got on one knee,  Markle said.  I could barely let you finish proposing. I said,  can I say yes now?  Harry said that he had not watched the show which made Markle s name, and Markle too was relatively unfamiliar with Britain s royal family before meeting Harry.  I had never watched  Suits , I had never heard of Meghan before and I was beautifully surprised when I walked into that room and saw her. I was like,  OK well I m going to have to really up my game here ,  Harry said.   It was I think about three maybe four weeks later that I managed to persuade her to come and join me in Botswana and we camped out with each other under the stars.   Harry and Markle, who is a divorcee, met in July 2016 after they were introduced through a friend who set them up on a blind date. But it was not until September that they made their first public appearance together at the Invictus Games in Toronto, a sports event for wounded veterans. They are due to marry in the spring of next year.  The fact that I fell in love with Meghan so incredibly quickly was confirmation to me that all the stars were aligned, everything was just perfect,  Harry said.  This beautiful woman just tripped and fell into my life, I fell into her life.  The prince, the younger son of heir-to-the-throne Prince Charles and his first wife Diana, publicly confirmed their relationship months later in a rebuke to the media over its alleged intrusion into Markle s private life.  As she got to know Harry, Markle learnt about the huge amount of public scrutiny that the royals face, and she said she was not prepared for the level of attention their relationship would have.  I did not have any understanding of just what it would be like,  she said, saying there was a misconception that because she was an actress she would be used to being in the media spotlight. In his office s warning to the media, Harry referred to the sexism and racism directed at Markle, whose father is white and  her mother African-American. Harry said he had to warn his future wife about the media attention they would face.  Any the end of day I m really just proud of who I am and where I come from and we have never put any focus on that,  she said.  We were just hit so hard at the beginning with a lot of mistruths.  Markle said she had met Queen Elizabeth, who she said was an incredible woman. Harry quipped that the queen s corgis had taken to her straight away despite barking at him for years.  Markle showed off her three-stone engagement ring set in yellow gold, which features a diamond from Botswana and two other gems from the collection of his mother, Diana, who died in a car crash in 1997.   It s beautiful, and he designed it. It s incredible ... obviously not being able to meet his mum, it s so important to me to know that she s a part of this with us,  Markle said, turning to Harry as she spoke about the ring.      It s incredibly special to be able to have this, which sort of links where you come from, and Botswana, which is important to us, it s perfect.  ",1
13725,Small Canadian designer in spotlight as Meghan Markle dons its coat,"TORONTO (Reuters) - Canadian designer Line the Label shot to prominence on Monday after U.S. actress Meghan Markle wore a coat from the brand in her first public appearance after her engagement to Britain s Prince Harry.  Markle appeared in the sunken garden at Kensington Palace on Monday in the late November chill, donning the C$799 ($627.11) white wrap coat with oversized collars and cinched at the waist with a knotted belt. The surge in interest in the coat caused the style to quickly sell out and crashed the Toronto-based knitwear label s website in some parts of the world, including in London.  The company is taking reorders on the coat, an external spokeswoman said by email.  Line has since named the coat  Meghan,  company President and co-founder John Muscat said in a statement, adding it was one of her favorite pieces from the fashion label.   We are incredibly honored that Meghan chose to wear a Line coat to mark this very special occasion,  Muscat said.  We are elated for Meghan and wish her a lifetime of happiness with Prince Harry.  Markle, who has a starring role in the Toronto-filmed U.S. TV show  Suits,  has lived in the Canadian city for several years. Markle also wore a Line coat to the closing ceremony of the Invictus Games in Toronto in September, days after the pair made their first public appearance together.  Celebrities including Sandra Bullock, Jennifer Garner and Kate Hudson have also been photographed wearing the brand.  Line was founded in 2000 by Muscat and designer Jennifer Wells. It was acquired a few years later by Canadian fashion house and importer PYA, which is based in a north Toronto suburb. ",1
13726,Pakistani police exhume couple's bodies suspecting honor killing,"KARACHI, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani police on Monday exhumed the bodies of a young couple believed to have murdered by their families in a so-called honor killing, an investigator said. Zeeshan Siddiqui said Abdul Hadi, 25, already married with three children, and his 21-year-old cousin Hussaini Bibi ran away together a month ago and had yet to marry. The couple had settled in a rented house in the southern city of Karachi.  Their landlord informed the police after the couple went missing. The house had bloodstains and signs of murder.  Questioning of their relatives led police to a graveyard where the bodies were exhumed, said the officer, who suspected the two families colluded in the killing.   Honour killings  are mostly carried out by relatives over the perceived damage to their honor when a girl decides to marry someone of her choosing or refuses to marry someone her family would pick. The couple were from the Kohistan tribal district of northwest Pakistan. In 2012, four women and a girl were ordered to be killed by a tribal council in Kohistan after a cell phone video of them dancing and singing apparently in a wedding became public. ",1
13727,"Irish Deputy PM resists calls to resign, says tribunal will judge conduct","DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland s Deputy Prime Minister resisted calls to resign in a crisis that has left the country on the brink of a general election, saying on Monday it is up to an ongoing judge-led tribunal to judge her conduct.  The Tribunal will objectively judge the appropriateness of my conduct. I look forward to giving my evidence to the Tribunal early in January,  Fitzgerald wrote in a statement on Twitter following further calls for her to step down on Monday over her handling of a case involving a police whistleblower. ",1
13728,Diplomats search for way to save trade system after U.S. vetoes judges,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Diplomats are searching for ways to prevent the global trade dispute resolution system from freezing up, after the Trump administration blocked appointments to the body that acts as the supreme court for global trade. U.S. President Donald Trump has vetoed the appointment of judges to fill vacancies on the seven-member Apellate Body of the World Trade Organization, which provides final decisions in arguments between countries over trade.  Members are already having a conversation about what to do with this situation,  WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo told reporters.  They are floating ideas, they are discussing. We have to see how that evolves.  The WTO normally has seven judges and needs three to sign off on every appeal ruling. But two have left and another goes in December, leaving only four - just one above the minimum - to deal with a growing backlog of trade disputes. Azevedo said he did not think the situation was a threat to the WTO s survival but it was already having an impact, and the longer it went on the more acutely it would be felt. In a confidential note sent to all WTO members on Monday, a copy of which was reviewed by Reuters, the Appellate Body said departing judges would continue working after they left on appeals filed before their terms ended. The United States has objected to that practice in the past.  Appointments to the Appellate Body are meant to be unanimously agreed by all 164 members, like all decisions at the WTO. The fine print says the WTO can switch to majority voting if necessary, but diplomats are reluctant to do that for fear of unraveling a system that relies on consensus as a bulwark to protectionism.  Azevedo said the Trump administration had made clear it had misgivings about the way the world trade system has functioned, although it had not linked any specific demands for reform with the decision to halt appointments to the appeals panel. The Trump administration has not publicly explained why it is blocking the appointment of judges to the trade panel. The U.S. mission to the WTO in Geneva declined to comment. Several trade experts said the move seemed to fit Trump s ideology of favoring bilateral trade deals over the multi-lateral system embodied by the WTO. Pieter Jan Kuijper, professor of law at the University of Amsterdam, said Trump s trade representative, Robert Lighthizer, preferred the pre-WTO practice of negotiating the outcome of trade disputes rather than being bound by WTO rulings. Although Trump regularly says Washington has been hurt by trade disputes, WTO experts mainly say the United States has actually been a big winner at the WTO. But negotiating the outcome of trade disputes rather than leaving them to judges might tip the balance further in Washington s favor.  Kuijper compared Trump s stance to that of Zimbabwe s former president Robert Mugabe killing off the court of the Southern African Development Community by blocking new judges when the court became too troublesome.  That example doesn t make one optimistic,  he said.  We are in a true emergency where we should take into account that the end of the Appellate Body may come, either by design or by accident.   At a panel discussion on Monday for trade officials and diplomats, Kuijper and other trade experts discussed possible ways to avert a crisis if more vacancies come open. One solution would be to switch to majority voting for appointing judges. Another would be for the judges to change their own working procedures, refusing to take any more appeals until there are more judges.  Nicolas Lockhart, a trade lawyer at Sidley Austin LLP, suggested the WTO could use its arbitration process more to resolve disputes and rely less on appeals.  All three approaches have drawbacks, including the risk of further alienating the United States.   A process that could lead to a situation where the United States leaves the WTO in a huff is actually a situation where everyone loses, and the last thing we should be aiming for,  said Alice Tipping, a former New Zealand trade diplomat now at the International Centre for Trade and Sustainable Development. ",1
13729,Nasralla practically assured of Honduras election win-official,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - With 70 percent of ballots counted in the Honduran presidential election, opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla maintains a five point lead over President Juan Orlando Hernandez, and is set to win, an election official said on Monday.  The technical experts here say that it s irreversible,  said Marcos Ramiro Lobo, one of four election tribunal magistrates.  (Nasralla) is practically the winner.  Speaking to Reuters, Lobo said Nasralla had kept up a five point advantage over the incumbent Hernandez, who had been widely expected to win before the election took place. ",1
13730,Merkel heads to EU-Africa summit with eye on migrant issue at home,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel will focus on expanding business ties and trying to regulate migration with Africa during an EU-Africa summit in Abidjan this week, as she comes under pressure at home to make progress faster on both fronts. Merkel is taking a break from her more than month-long drive to form a new government to attend the summit, keen to demonstrate Germany s continued ability to act on the foreign policy front, and to underscore her commitment to Africa. She will join with French President Emmanuel Macron at the summit to focus on education, investment in youth and economic development to prevent refugees and economic migrants from attempting the treacherous journey across the Mediterranean. Libya is now the main departure point for mostly African migrants trying to cross to Europe. Smugglers usually pack them into flimsy inflatable boats that often break down or sink. The chancellor told a conservative event on Saturday that she would press for expanded trade ties and investment, while urging African leaders in bilateral talks to accept the return of their citizens who had no right to stay in Europe. The trip is important for the German leader amid widespread criticism of her 2015 decision to allow in over a million migrants, then mostly from the Middle East and Afghanistan. She is under pressure at home to avert another migration crisis after losing support to the far right in the Sept. 24 election. Germany is likely to adopt an immigration law of some kind in the aftermath of election losses for mainstream parties. Experts say the far-right, anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party could see further gains in any new election next year if Merkel fails to convince the Social Democrats to renew the  grand coalition  that ruled for the last four years. A year after Merkel made Africa a cornerstone of Germany s presidency of the G20 industrialized nations, illegal migration from Africa remains a concern, with rights groups blasting the EU s failure to address conditions in migrant camps in Libya and elsewhere. Merkel has also faced criticism from German companies, who say they risk losing out in the face of burgeoning interest in the region from rivals in France, China, the United States, Britain, India and Turkey. Germany s trade balance with African countries expanded 11.2 percent to 13.8 percent in the first half of 2017 after declining slightly in 2016.   German industry remains underrepresented in these markets of the future,  said Christoph Kannengiesser, director of the German-African Business Association.  Compared to other international firms, German companies are noticeably behind, due to insufficient support from the government.  ",1
13731,Pentagon says reviewing 'adjustments' to arms for Syrian Kurds,"WASHINGTON/ANKARA (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Monday it was reviewing  adjustments  in arms for the Syrian Kurdish forces that have angered Turkey, but it stopped short of halting weapons transfers, suggesting such decisions would be based on battlefield requirements.  Turkey said on Friday U.S. President Donald Trump told President Tayyip Erdogan he had issued instructions that weapons should not be provided to the Syrian Kurdish fighters, which Ankara views as threat.  We are reviewing pending adjustments to the military support provided to our Kurdish partners in as much as the military requirements of our defeat-ISIS and stabilization efforts will allow to prevent ISIS from returning,  said Pentagon spokesman Eric Pahon, referring to Islamic State, which U.S. and U.S.-backed forces are battling in Syria. Earlier on Monday Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag said Friday s call between Trump and Erdogan was a turning point in strained ties between the two countries, but Washington must honor a pledge to stop providing weapons to the Syrian Kurds.  The  We will not give weapons  remark from a U.S. president for the first time is important, but it will lose value if it is not implemented. It would be deceiving the world,  Bozdag said. The Syrian Kurdish YPG spearheads the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting Islamic State with the help of a U.S.-led coalition. A spokesperson for the coalition said on Sunday that it was looking at  adjustments  to the support it provides to the SDF, ranging from the number of advisers to training and artillery. Weapons provided to Syrian YPG have been limited and mission specific, the spokesperson added. Ankara has been infuriated by Washington s support for the YPG militia, seen by Turkey as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a decades-long insurgency in Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by Ankara, the United States and European Union. ",1
13732,U.S. in position to stop military support for some groups fighting Islamic State,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States plans to reduce military support for groups fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria but that does not mean Washington will stop all aid to those groups, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Monday. Sanders said with Islamic State s territory shrinking  we re in a position to stop providing military equipment to certain groups but that doesn t mean stopping all support of those individual groups.  On Friday, Turkey said President Donald Trump told President Tayyip Erdogan he had issued instructions that weapons should not be provided to the Syrian Kurdish fighters, which Ankara views as threat. ",1
13733,U.N. asks Brazil for peacekeepers for Central African Republic,"BRASILIA (Reuters) - The United Nations has asked Brazil to send troops to join its peace mission in the Central African Republic, said Jean-Pierre Lacroix, the U.N. s head of peacekeeping operations, in an interview on Monday. The U.N. Security Council approved this month the deployment of an additional 900 peacekeepers to protect civilians in the impoverished landlocked nation, where violence broke out between Muslims and Christians in 2013. Lacroix said violence had increased in the east, largely due to a security vacuum left by the departure of Ugandan troops, who had been part of a separate U.S.-supported African Union task force tracking Lord s Resistance Army rebels. The request for troops from Brazil, which has just ended a 13-year mission in Haiti, must be agreed to by President Michel Temer and approved by the Brazilian Congress.  Brazil has a huge degree of know-how and professionalism and we definitely need those kinds of troops in our peacekeeping operations,  Lacroix told Reuters in Brazil s capital, ahead of a meeting with the top brass of the country s armed forces. The troops did a  fantastic, really exceptional  job in Haiti, where they improved the security situation by establishing a relationship of trust with the Haitian population and exhibited good conduct and discipline, he said. Brazil is emerging from its worst recession on record and a huge government budget deficit could weigh on a decision to send more troops abroad, though its contribution to peacekeeping has enhanced the South American nation s international influence. U.N. peacekeeping forces are facing the pinch of the United States pushing to reduce costs. Washington pays more than 28 percent of the $7.3 billion annual U.N. peacekeeping budget. In June, the U.N. agreed to $600 million in cuts to more than a dozen missions for the year ending June 30, 2018. Lacroix said the peacekeeping mission in Ivory Coast had been closed, troop deployment in Sudan s Darfur was being reduced, and next year the peacekeeping operation in Liberia would be closed down.  There is an expectation that we be prudent and use our resources in the most cost-effective way we can,  said Lacroix, a French diplomat who has been in the role since April. The political objectives and efficiency of almost all of the U.N s 15 peacekeeping operations worldwide were under review, Lacroix said.  ",1
13734,Suicide attack targets area southeast of Baghdad,"BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Two attackers shot several civilians on Monday in the Nahrawan area southeast of Baghdad before one blew himself up and the other was killed by security forces, the Iraqi Interior Ministry said, without providing official casualty figures. Local media reported at least 17 people were killed and 28 wounded.  Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack, described by an interior ministry spokesman as  a terrorist attack by two terrorist suicide attackers who fired indiscriminately on citizens in the Nahrawan area .  The Sunni Muslim militant group s Amaq news agency said it had killed 35 members of one of the Iran-backed Shi ite militias known as the Popular Mobilisation Forces.  Iraqi security officials say Islamic State is likely to wage an insurgency after its self-proclaimed caliphate collapsed and its militants were dislodged from territories they held across a swathe of Iraq and Syria. ",1
13735,Islamic State claims responsibility for attack southeast of Baghdad: Amaq,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide attack that took place on Monday targeting the Nahrawan area southeast of Baghdad, the group s Amaq news agency said. The Sunni militant group said it had killed 35 members of Shi ite paramilitaries known as Popular Mobilisation Forces but the Interior Ministry had earlier said the attack targeted civilians and did not provide official casualty figures. ",1
13736,Little prospect of Syria peace progress seen in Geneva talks,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - A breakthrough in U.N.-backed Syria peace talks in Geneva this week seems hardly more likely than in seven failed earlier rounds as President Bashar al-Assad pushes for total military victory and his opponents stick by their demand he leave power.  U.N. Syria mediator Staffan de Mistura said on Monday the Syrian government had not yet confirmed that it would attend the talks. A Syrian newspaper reported that the government delegation would delay its planned Tuesday arrival in Geneva because of the opposition s insistence Assad step down. The opposition s stance is seen by Damascus and its allies as divorced from reality after the government s steady march of victories since Russia entered the war in 2015. The rebels have been forced from all Syria s big cities and their hopes of toppling Assad by military means look finished. The opposition has also accused the government of refusing to seriously engage.  The Assad regime must not be allowed to play for time while people are being besieged and bombed,  Yahya al-Aridi, newly appointed head of the opposition s negotiating committee, said on Sunday. Aridi was chosen last week after the opposition rejigged its negotiations committee - jettisoning as its leader a more hardline opponent of Assad in what some speculated might be a move towards softening its position. But the statement it put out after meeting on Friday reiterated its demand that Assad go before the start of a political transition under any peace deal. Last week a senior Assad adviser said talks could succeed only if rebels laid down their arms. Over the weekend, air strikes on the rebel-held Eastern Ghouta district near Damascus intensified, killing 41 people on Sunday and Monday, according to a war monitor.   You cannot expect very much,  said Nikolaos Van Dam, a former Dutch diplomat in Damascus and author of two books about Syria.   The regime doesn t want to really negotiate. They want to reconquer every inch of Syrian territory and then negotiate. But then the opposition would have no bargaining chips,  he said. The Syrian civil war, now in its seventh year, has killed hundreds of thousands of people and caused the world s worst refugee crisis, driving 11 million from their homes. All previous diplomatic initiatives have swiftly collapsed over the opposition demand that Assad leave power and his refusal to go. Troops from Russia, Iran, Turkey and the United States, as well as Shi ite militias from Lebanon, Iraq and Afghanistan, have all now joined arrived on the battlefield.  Russia has pushed its own parallel track of diplomacy since early this year, bringing together Assad s other main ally Iran, and Turkey, which has been one of the biggest rebel supporters.  Russia has elections next year and President Vladimir Putin wants to show progress towards a political deal after two years of fighting far from Russian soil. Moscow has already said it will bring many troops home from Syria by the end of the year.  Putin may also seek to tout diplomatic progress as he angles for the West to take some of the burden of Syria s post-war reconstruction, now likely to fall on Russia, Iran and China.  Western foreign ministers said in September their support hinges on a  credible political process leading to a genuine political transition , a process they have said requires the involvement of the opposition.   Russia wants the end of the war but it wants its ally intact. So what would be the compromise that is acceptable to the opposition or to the other countries? It s not clear to me,  said Van Dam. Moscow now plans a  Syrian Congress , bringing together the government and some opposition groups to write a new constitution leading to elections. The main opposition rejects the idea, saying all talks must come under the United Nations. But the government has said it backs the congress, as has Turkey, which has some sway over rebel groups in the northwest.   There is an acceleration in the political solution on the basis of a unified Syria headed by Bashar al-Assad, with amendments to the constitution and in the election law,  a senior, pro-Assad official in the region said. The Syrian government declared on Sunday it would support the formation of a committee that will discuss the constitution and is expected to be set up at the congress. It also said it would support U.N. participation in legislative elections to be held after that discussion.  Ultimately Russia s objective is to dress up a limited military victory for the Assad regime and the Iranians in Syria as a diplomatic one,  said Andrew Tabler, a Syria specialist at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy think-tank.  Because the regime and the Iranians don t have the manpower to completely occupy all Syria, or to rebuild Syria, or the money to rebuild Syria, they need international buy-in,  he said.  I don t think it will be easy for them because the United States and others know what they are trying to do.  This week s Geneva talks will focus on the issues of elections and a constitution, Ramzi Ramzi, the deputy United Nations special envoy for Syria said in Damascus on Saturday. De Mistura said on Monday negotiations should take place at Geneva and without any preconditions, and  all other initiatives should support the U.N. mediation process.  After recapturing the last major rebel urban stronghold in East Aleppo a year ago, and advancing across central and eastern Syria against Islamic State this year, the government now controls far more territory than any other force in the country.  But rebels still hold a swathe of northwest Syria next to Turkey, and an enclave in the southwest near Israel and Jordan. They have other pockets near Damascus and Homs.  Kurdish groups and allied Arab militia backed by the United States also hold the northeast and are holding elections there this week for local councils in an effort to cement autonomy.  They have not been invited to the Geneva talks and are regarded by Syria s neighbor Turkey as enemies. Assad has sworn to recover all of his state, and visiting Iranian officials have indicated that new military campaigns may soon start against both the rebels and the Kurds. ",1
13737,Syrian opposition aims for Assad's removal in Geneva talks,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The Syrian opposition delegation at peace talks in Geneva is aiming for the removal of President Bashar al-Assad and plans to engage his negotiators in serious and direct talks, the head of the opposition delegation Nasr Hariri said on Monday. Hariri called for major powers, especially Russia, to pressure the Assad government into real negotiations on a political transition followed by a new constitution and free elections, in line with a U.N. roadmap to end the six-year war.  We stress that political transition which achieves the ousting of Assad at the beginning is our goal,  Hariri told a news conference after arriving in Geneva for a round of U.N.-led talks that is scheduled to start on Tuesday.   Our goal in the negotiation will be the departure of Bashar al-Assad from the beginning of the transition,  he said. A breakthrough in U.N.-backed Syria peace talks in Geneva this week seems hardly more likely than in seven failed earlier rounds as Assad pushes for total military victory and his opponents stick by their demand he leave power. All previous diplomatic initiatives have swiftly collapsed over the opposition demand that Assad must go and his refusal to do so. The Syrian government delegation, led by its U.N. ambassador and chief negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari, failed to arrive in Geneva on Monday when it had been due. It was not clear whether the delegation would arrive on Tuesday, when U.N. mediator Staffan de Mistura is due to meet the opposition.  We don t have high hopes, the regime is using delaying tactics to obstruct progress toward a political solution, at a time when the opposition comes with one unified delegation,  Hariri said.  Russia .. .is the only entity capable of bringing the regime to the table of negotiations.  For many years, Western and Arab countries backed the opposition demand that Assad leave office. However, since Russia joined the war on behalf of Assad s government two years ago it has become increasingly clear that Assad s opponents have no path to victory on the battlefield. The Syrian civil war, now in its seventh year, has killed hundreds of thousands of people and caused the world s worst refugee crisis, driving 11 million from their homes. The Syrian government continued its bombing and sieges of areas including 400,000 people in eastern Ghouta, a rebel-held Damascus suburb, Hariri said on Monday.  We are here for the hundreds of thousands who under siege who are in grave need of humanitarian aid and for hundreds of thousands of detainees who are at the verge of death, suffering but living death every day,  he said. ",1
13738,Israel pushes on with law seen protecting PM under criminal probe,"JERUSALEM (Reuters) - The Israeli parliament voted on Monday in favor of a draft law barring police from publicizing its conclusions in criminal probes   legislation seen as shielding Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who is under investigation for corruption. The draft must still pass two more parliamentary votes. But if written into law, police would not be allowed to say whether they have found sufficient grounds to charge Netanyahu, keeping the Israeli public in the dark until the attorney-general determines whether the prime minister is to be prosecuted. The draft law also proposes a one-year jail term for officials who leak findings to the press.  Its two sponsors, confidants of Netanyahu, said the law is meant to protect suspects  rights and reputation, while the opposition derided it as a blatant attempt to protect Netanyahu and withhold knowledge from the public about his investigations.      The public doesn t need to know everything. The public will find out at the end,  Netanyahu s coalition head, David Bitan told the Knesset television channel.      Netanyahu has said he has no interest in promoting personal legislation but he has not ordered Bitan and his co-sponsor of the bill, David Amsalem, to withdraw the legislation.  Netanyahu is a suspect in two cases, one into alleged meddling in the media industry and the other into gifts he received from rich businessmen. He denies any wrongdoing. But, if charged, he would come under heavy pressure to resign or could call an election to test whether he still had a mandate.   This is a Netanyahu law,  said Yair Lapid, leader of the opposition party Yesh Atid, which latest polls show as neck in neck with Netanyahu s Likud.  It is tailored for very few people. The only people to benefit from it are politicians, mafia heads and politicians who behave like mafia heads.  All four prime ministers of the past two decades have been suspects in police investigations, but only Ehud Olmert was charged and convicted. He spent 16 months in jail for accepting bribes from real estate developers. In high-profile cases such as these, police usually say if they have gathered sufficient evidence against the suspects, before handing over to the Justice Ministry, where the Attorney-General and prosecutors decide whether to file charges.  The attorney-general has expressed alarm about the proposed legislation. [L8N1NK5EK] The two investigations in which Netanyahu is a suspect are known as Case 1000 and Case 2000. Case 1000 revolves around gifts he received from businessmen, including cigars and champagne. Netanyahu s lawyers say they were simply presents from long-time friends, with no quid pro quo. Case 2000 focuses on suspicions Netanyahu negotiated with the publisher of Israel s best-selling newspaper for better coverage in return for curbs on the competition. The prime minister s lawyers say Netanyahu never seriously considered any such deal. Netanyahu has described himself as a victim of a political witch hunt and said of the cases against him:  There will be nothing because there is nothing.   ",1
13739,Pentagon says reviewing 'adjustments' to arms for Syrian Kurds,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon said on Monday it was reviewing  adjustments  in arms for U.S.-backed Kurdish forces in Syria but stopped short of declaring a halt to weapons transfers, suggesting such decisions would be based on battlefield requirements. Turkey said on Friday that U.S. President Donald Trump told President Tayyip Erdogan he had issued instructions that weapons should not be provided to Syrian Kurdish fighters, which Ankara views as threat. It called on Monday for Washington to follow through on its pledge.  We are reviewing pending adjustments to the military support provided to our Kurdish partners in as much as the military requirements of our defeat-ISIS and stabilization efforts will allow to prevent ISIS from returning,  said Pentagon spokesman Eric Pahon, using an acronym for Islamic State, which U.S. and U.S.-backed forces are battling in Syria. ",1
13740,Former Zimbabwe finance minister Chombo to be held in custody until trial,"HARARE (Reuters) - Ousted Zimbabwe finance minister Ignatius Chombo, charged with three counts of corruption for offences that allegedly took place two decades ago, was denied bail on Monday and will be detained in custody until his case is heard on Dec. 8. Zimbabwe s new president Emmerson Mnangagwa named Patrick Chinamasa as acting finance minister to replace him. Chombo, who faces charges including trying to defraud the central bank, was detained after the military seized power in  Operation Restore Legacy , which it said was meant to remove  criminals  around former president Robert Mugabe. His lawyer, Lovemore Madhuku, told reporters that he would appeal the magistrate s ruling in the High Court on Tuesday.  Their decision was always made up that bail would not be granted here ... We are hopeful that the High Court will show independence,  Madhuku said.  Earlier, he told a packed courtroom that Chombo, who sat impassively throughout the hearing, would deny the charges at his trial and had documentary evidence showing the allegations had no basis. The magistrate who detained Chombo said the former minister could abscond, influence state witnesses or be the target of a mob attack over the allegations that he abused his position when he was minister of local government over a decade ago. Chombo, who was appointed finance minister in October, was among members of the G40 political faction allied to Mugabe and his wife, Grace, who were also expelled from the ruling ZANU-PF party. Two ousted ZANU-PF Youth League leaders, Kudzanai Chipanga and Innocent Hamandishe, who were both allied to G-40, were also ordered to be detained until Dec. 8. Some Mnangagwa supporters have called for unspecified action against G40 but the president has urged citizens not to undertake any form of  vengeful retribution . Chombo told the court on Saturday how he was abducted from his home on Nov. 15 by armed men in  soldiers  uniform  and kept blindfolded for nine days. He was promoted to the finance portfolio from the interior ministry by Mugabe in an October reshuffle, replacing Chinamasa, who the chief secretary to the president and cabinet said will return to the role until a new cabinet has been appointed. Zimbabwe is struggling with a severe shortage of the U.S. dollars it uses instead of its own currency. In his main act as finance minister, Chombo told parliament on Nov. 9 that Zimbabwe s budget deficit would soar to $1.82 billion or 11.2 percent of gross domestic product this year from an initial target of $400 million. Mnangagwa, who served Mugabe loyally for decades, was sworn in as president last Friday after the 93-year-old former leader quit under pressure from the military. He is expected to form a new cabinet this week. Zimbabweans are watching to see Mnangagwa he breaks with the past and names a broad-based government or selects other figures from the Mugabe era s old guard.   ",1
13741,Germany's Christmas markets open under tight security a year after attack,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Christmas markets opened on Monday at the start of the holiday season, with security staff on hand and concrete barriers to protect shoppers, nearly a year after an Islamist militant killed 12 people by driving a truck into crowds. Some 2,600 markets, known for their sparkling Christmas trees and wooden stalls serving candied nuts, sausages, mulled wine and handicrafts, opened across Germany under tighter than usual security. The markets are beloved by Germans and a major tourist attraction for visitors this time of year. In the city of Bochum in Western Germany, organizers decorate concrete bollards, wrapping them up as Christmas presents with bows to make them appear festive. In Berlin, Petra Henne, who had been at the market in December last year just half an hour before Tunisian militant Anis Amri drove a hijacked truck into the crowd, came out for the opening this year to enjoy the festivities.  The extra security was  a bit oppressive , she said.  And it is awful, this violence that you can t do anything about. But Berliners are on good form and they carry on anyway. What else can one do?  An interior ministry spokesman said the risk of an attack in Europe and Germany is  continuously high . Organizers and business owners had complained that the government was reluctant to share the cost of extra security measures.  What could be done was done,  said Berlin s Mayor, Michael Mueller on Monday, noting that those measures still could not guarantee absolute security. The Alternative for Germany (AfD) far-right party asked members of the public to share pictures showing extra security measures at their local markets and post them on social media in protest against Chancellor Angela Merkel s decision in 2015 to open Germany s borders to more than a million asylum seekers. The AfD blames Merkel s immigration policy for what it says is a rise in crime and Islamist attacks. Klaus Schultheis, an expert in German Christmas markets who collects annual national data on the subject, said he knew of only two markets that were canceled over security concerns.  Christmas markets are a piece of the German culture that shouldn t disappear no matter what,  he said.  It goes on.  ",1
13742,"Portugal approves 2018 budget, seeks to trim deficit further","LISBON (Reuters) - Portugal s parliament on Monday approved in the final reading the minority Socialist government s 2018 budget bill that aims to trim the deficit to a new low in the country s democratic history thanks to continuing, if slower, economic growth. The budget was approved by the Socialists and their far-left allies in parliament - the Communists and Left Bloc - who together hold 122 seats in the 230-seat house. The remaining lawmakers voted against the document that set the deficit at 1.1 percent of gross domestic product. The allies have already reversed many of the austerity policies of the previous center-right administration introduced under an international bailout program in 2011-14, and next year s plan carries more measures like tax cuts for low to medium incomes and higher pensions.   The Socialist administration has debunked the myth that to have balanced accounts it is necessary to sacrifice the economy, jobs and well-being of Portuguese,  Pedro Nuno Santos, secretary of state for parliament affairs, told lawmakers. The budget envisages that Portugal s strongest economic performance in at least a decade will extend into next year, with investment, tourism and exports remaining robust. But growth will slow to 2.2 percent from 2017 s 2.6 percent.  Despite the approval, some analysts say that during the budget discussions pressure has been building on Prime Minister Antonio Costa, who came to power exactly two years ago, from the left and the unions for more state spending. That could make it more difficult to maintain the budget cuts down the road.  As the 2019 electoral period approaches, there will be more serious pressure on the government, and the trend is no longer that of accelerating growth,  said political scientist Antonio Costa Pinto of the University of Lisbon.   They ve had good growth and deficit numbers in the first two years but those will be difficult to replicate,  he said, adding though that potential tensions between the government and its allies were unlikely to result in any political crisis.  The projected deficit is higher than the initial 1 percent plan due to hundreds of millions of euros added to expenditure on aid and reconstruction after devastating fires in June and October this year, which killed over 100 people and were an embarrassment to the government. Still, the gap is poised to narrow from this year s projected 1.4 percent - the lowest since Portugal returned to democracy in 1974 - as the economy is expected to grow for the fifth consecutive year. Nevertheless, Brussels has warned Portugal, along with several other countries, that their budgeted structural deficit cuts in 2018 fell short of EU requirements while some government spending also caused concerns.  The European Commission has also put Portugal s overall 2018 budget gap at 1.4 percent, the same as this year.  Costa argues that his government will allay Brussels  concerns  with each month that passes , citing his record of beating deficit-busting targets in 2016 and 2017. ",1
13743,"Honduran candidate says Nasralla won, urges president to concede","TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Luis Zelaya, the third-placed candidate in Sunday s Honduran presidential election, said on Monday that Salvador Nasralla was the country s new leader, and urged the U.S.-friendly incumbent Juan Orlando Hernandez to accept defeat. ",1
13744,Lebanon's Aoun holds talks on Hariri government,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - President Michel Aoun held talks on Monday with other Lebanese political leaders over the future of Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri s government, but gave no sign whether they discussed Hariri s demand the country steer clear of regional turmoil. Aoun s office said the talks were positive and constructive but did not detail steps to address the demands Hariri made after postponing his shock resignation, notably that Lebanese stick by the state policy of staying out of regional conflicts - a reference to Iran-backed Shi ite group Hezbollah. The consultations would continue once Aoun returns on Friday from an official visit to Italy, the statement said.     A senior Lebanese official said the consultations at the presidential palace in Baabda aimed to help Hariri s government  get back on its feet , after weeks of political instability triggered by Hariri s Nov. 4 resignation, announced in Riyadh. Lebanese officials say Saudi Arabia forced Hariri to resign and held him against his will, triggering an intervention by France which led to his return to Beirut last week. Riyadh says Hariri, Lebanon s top Sunni Muslim politician and a long-time Saudi ally, resigned freely and denies holding him.  In his resignation speech, Hariri strongly criticized Iran and its heavily armed Lebanese Shi ite Muslim ally Hezbollah for meddling in the Arab world. Since returning to Beirut, Hariri has said all Lebanese must stick by the state policy of  disassociation , or keeping out of regional conflicts - a reference to Hezbollah. Leading Druze politician Walid Jumblatt, an influential figure in Lebanon, said after meeting Aoun that it was important to talk about  disassociation , and how to achieve it. He said it would be wise not to bring up the question of Hezbollah s weapons in discussions, referring to previous rounds of futile talks on this point. The senior Lebanese official said the  consultations might end with Lebanon reaffirming the ministerial statement that implicitly includes disassociation . The official spoke on condition of anonymity as Aoun s consultations were not over. Hariri said on Saturday he would not accept  Hezbollah stances that affect our Arab brothers or target the security and stability of their countries . ",1
13745,Hariri says Hezbollah must remain neutral to ensure Lebanon moves forward,"PARIS (Reuters) - Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said on Monday that the  political and militant group Hezbollah must stop interfering in regional conflicts and accept a neutral policy to bring an end to Lebanon s political crisis.  The Iranian-backed Hezbollah, which forms part of the Lebanese government, is fighting alongside Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Syria and in Iraq against Islamic State militants. Gulf monarchies have accused the Shi ite group of also supporting the Houthi group in Yemen and of backing militants in Bahrain. Hezbollah denies any activity in Yemen or Bahrain. Hariri s main patron is Saudi Arabia, Iran s main regional rival, which has also intervened in regional conflicts.   I don t want a political party in my government that interferes in Arab countries against other Arab countries,  Hariri said in an interview recorded on Monday with French broadcaster CNews.   I am waiting for the neutrality which we agreed on in the government,  he said.  One can t say one thing and do something else.  Hariri shocked Lebanon on Nov 4 by resigning from his post in a statement from Saudi Arabia. His resignation, however, has not yet been accepted.   President Michel Aoun held talks on Monday with other Lebanese political leaders over the future of Hariri s government but gave no sign whether they discussed Hariri s demand that the country steer clear of regional turmoil.  Lebanon cannot resolve a question like Hezbollah which is in Syria, Iraq, everywhere because of Iran. It is a regional political solution that needs to be done,  Hariri said.  The interference of Iran affects us all. If we want a policy that is good for the region we shouldn t be interfering.   He said he was ready to stay on as prime minister if Hezbollah accepted to stick by the state policy of staying out of regional conflicts.  However, he said he would resign if Hezbollah did not keep to that, although consultations so far had been positive.  I think in the interest of Lebanon, Hezbollah is carrying out a positive dialogue. They know we have to remain neutral in the region.   He said that if this week s consultations ended positively he would possibly modify the make-up of the government and added that he was open to elections before next year.     ",1
13746,Zimbabwe president Mnangagwa appoints Chinamasa acting finance minister,"HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe President Emmerson Mnangagwa on Monday named Patrick Chinamasa acting finance minister until a new cabinet has been appointed, the chief secretary to the president and cabinet said in a statement. Chinamasa was a former finance minister under Robert Mugabe s government but was moved to a newly created ministry of cyber security during a reshuffle last month. ",1
13747,Russia seeks two-day ceasefire in Damascus suburb; dozens killed by air strikes,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Russia proposed a two-day ceasefire on Monday in the last major rebel stronghold near the Syrian capital Damascus, where warplanes killed at least 41 people in two days of air strikes as Russian-backed government forces tried to capture the area. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a war monitoring body, said 18 people were killed by bombing on Monday and 23 on Sunday. At least 147 have been killed by air strikes and shelling since the Syrian army, with Russian air power, began the offensive to take the besieged rebel-held Eastern Ghouta nearly two weeks ago. The area of densely-populated agricultural land is the last major territory near the capital still held by rebels fighting against President Bashar al-Assad s government. Across Syria, fighters have been driven out of most towns and cities in the past two years since Russia joined the war on Assad s behalf. Eastern Ghouta is also one of several  de-escalation zones  across western Syria where Russia has brokered deals to ease fighting. Russia proposed imposing a ceasefire in the de-escalation zone for Tuesday and Wednesday, Interfax news agency reported, quoting the Defence Ministry.  Such measures will ease tension in the western part of the de-escalation zone,  General-Lieutenant Sergei Kuralenko, in charge of Russia s ceasefire monitoring center in Syria, was quoted as saying. The enclave has been besieged by Assad forces since 2012, but the siege has become far worse in recent months since routes used to smuggle in food were shut. Residents are so short of food that they are eating trash, fainting from hunger and forcing their children to eat on alternate days, the U.N. World Food Programme said in a report last week. On Monday, 13 shells hit government-held Damascus and its surrounding areas, Syrian state media SANA reported. Four people were injured from a shell that hit the capital on Sunday, SANA said. ",1
13748,U.S. military says conducted air strike against ISIS in Somalia,"BOSASO, Somalia (Reuters) - The U.S. military said on Monday it had carried out an air strike against Islamic State militants in northeast Somalia, killing one person. Islamic State has been gathering recruits in the region, although experts say the scale of its force is unclear and it remains a small player compared to the al Shabaab group.  In coordination with the Federal Government of Somalia, U.S. forces conducted an airstrike against ISIS, in northeastern Somalia on Nov. 27, killing one terrorist,  the U.S. Africa Command said in a statement. Colonel Ali Abdi, a military officer in an area near the town of Qandala in the semi-autonomous Puntland region, said the strike took place in hills near the town.  We heard a huge crash of air strike in the hilly areas of Dasaan remote area behind Qandala town this afternoon   Abdi told Reuters from Dasaan.  After the strike the IS militants ran away from there. We went to the scene and saw pieces of a dead body.   Last month, a group loyal to Islamic State seized a small port town in Somalia s semi-autonomous Puntland region, the first town it has taken since emerging a year ago. The group, which refers to itself simply as Islamic State, is a rival to the larger al Shabaab force, which is linked to Islamic State s rival al Qaeda and once controlled much of Somalia. Early this month, the U.S. military carried out its first air strike against Islamic State militants, killing several. Last week, Somalia s government said it had requested a U.S. air strike that killed scores of suspected militants to help pave the way for an upcoming ground offensive against al Shabaab. Earlier this year, the White House granted the U.S. military broader authority to carry out strikes in Somalia against al Shabaab.  ",1
13749,New Venezuela oil boss to give military more PDVSA posts,"CARACAS (Reuters) - A general appointed at the weekend to run Venezuela s energy sector will name more military officers to senior management posts at state oil company PDVSA as part of a shakeup the government says is aimed at fighting corruption, two company sources told Reuters on Monday.  In a surprise move, unpopular leftist President Nicolas Maduro on Sunday tapped Major General Manuel Quevedo to lead PDVSA [PDVSA.UL] and the Oil Ministry, giving the already powerful military control of the OPEC nation s dominant industry.  Besides the corruption scandals, Quevedo will have to tackle an attempted debt restructuring, within the context of a deep recession and debilitating U.S. sanctions. Sources in the sector said Quevedo s appointment could quicken a white-collar exodus from PDVSA and worsen operational problems at a time when production has already tumbled to near 30-year lows of under 2 million barrels per day. About 50 officials at state oil company PDVSA have been arrested since August in what the state prosecutor says is a  crusade  against corruption. Sources within PDVSA and the oil industry said Maduro s administration was using corruption allegations to sideline rivals and deepen its control of the industry, which accounts for over 90 percent of export revenue.       The order given is to militarize PDVSA in key areas,  said a PDVSA employee, asking to remain anonymous because he was not authorized to speak to the media.  A second source said he was told military officials would take over key production divisions in Venezuela s east and west. Venezuela s president, a former bus driver and union leader whose popularity has plummeted during the economic crisis, has gradually handed the military more power in his cabinet and in key sectors such as mining. Unlike his popular predecessor Hugo Chavez, Maduro does not hail from the military. The opposition says he has been forced to buy the loyalty of the army, historically a power broker in Venezuela, giving them top posts and juicy business contracts while turning a blind eye to corruption.  PDVSA did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but an internal company message seen by Reuters called on workers to come to Caracas on Tuesday for Quevedo s swearing in.  Let s all go to Caracas to consolidate the deepening of socialism and the total, absolute transformation of PDVSA,  the message read.  Quevedo, a former housing minister with no known energy experience, is not a heavyweight in Venezuela s political scene, although two sources close to the military told Reuters he was a Maduro ally.  Opposition lawmaker Angel Alvarado predicted the appointment would worsen PDVSA s operations.   They re getting rid of the old executives, who although socialist and working under catastrophic management, at least knew about oil,  he said.  Now we re going to have totally inexperienced hands.    Although military appointees had been on the rise within the oil industry too, Quevedo s appointment is the first time in a decade and a half that a military official has taken the helm of the oil industry.  PDVSA so far had been led by chemist Nelson Martinez and the Oil Ministry by engineer Eulogio Del Pino, both of whom rose in the ranks under previous PDVSA president and Oil Minister Rafael Ramirez.  Later demoted to become Venezuela s representative at the United Nations in New York, Ramirez recently criticized Maduro for not reforming Venezuela s flailing economy, in what insiders say is a power struggle between the two rivals.  The opposition has also accused Quevedo of violating human rights during the National Guard s handling of anti-Maduro protests, in which stone-throwing hooded youths regularly clashed with tear gas-firing soldiers.  U.S. Senator Marco Rubio included Quevedo on a 2014 list of Venezuelan officials whom he said should be named in U.S. sanctions, although Quevedo does not appear in the list released by the U.S. Treasury Department. Venezuela s government denies abuses, saying protesters were in fact part of a U.S.-promoted  armed insurrection  designed to sabotage socialism in Latin America.  Quevedo s appointment has worried foreign oil companies in Venezuela, including U.S. major Chevron and Russian state oil giant Rosneft, according to industry sources. Venezuela is also trying to pull off a complex restructuring of foreign debt, including $60 billion in bonds, about half of which have been issued by PDVSA. Bondholders were invited to Caracas for a meeting with the government two weeks ago, but market sources say there has been no concrete progress or proposals since.  PDVSA said on Friday it was making last-minute payments on two bonds close to default, including one backed by shares in U.S.-based Citgo, a Venezuelan-owned refiner and marketer of oil and petrochemical products, due on Monday, and called for  trust  as it seeks to maintain debt service amid the crisis. Quevedo s position on the debt issue is not publicly known.  ",1
13750,"Water entered missing Argentine sub's snorkel, causing short circuit","BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Water entered the snorkel of the Argentine submarine ARA San Juan, causing its battery to short-circuit before it went missing on Nov. 15, a navy spokesman said on Monday as hope dwindled among some families of the 44-member crew. The San Juan had only a seven-day oxygen supply when it lost contact, and a sudden noise was detected that the navy says could have been the implosion of the vessel. Ships with rescue equipment from countries including the United States and Russia were nonetheless rushing to join the search. Before its disappearance, the submarine had been ordered back to its Mar del Plata base after it reported water had entered the vessel through its snorkel, causing a battery short circuit, navy spokesman Enrique Balbi told a news conference.  They had to isolate the battery and continue to sail underwater toward Mar del Plata, using another battery,  Balbi said. After contact with the San Juan was lost, the Vienna-based Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty Organization, an international body that runs a global network of listening posts designed to check for secret atomic blasts, detected a noise the navy said could have been the submarine s implosion.  The search for the 65-meter (213-foot) diesel-electric submarine is concentrated in an area some 430 km (267 miles) off Argentina s southern coast. The effort includes ships and planes manned by 4,000 personnel from 13 countries, including Brazil, Chile and Great Britain.  Among the crew s family members, fissures started appearing on Monday between those who refuse to give up hope and those who say it is time to accept that their loved ones will not come back alive. Some relatives have said they are focusing on the lack of physical evidence of an implosion and the possibility that the submarine might have risen close enough to the ocean surface to replenish its oxygen supply after it went missing. But Itati Leguizamon said she believed her husband, crew member German Suarez, had died.  There is no way they are alive,  she told reporters, her voice shaking and eyes welling with tears.  It is not that I want this. I love him. I adore him. He left his mother and sister behind, but there is no sense in being stubborn.  The other families are attacking me for what I am saying,  she said,  but why have they not found it yet? Why don t they tell us the truth?           ",1
13751,"Detained Ugandan journalists charged with libel, other offences","KAMPALA (Reuters) - Uganda on Monday charged eight managers and editors of a daily newspaper with several offences including libel and computer misuse and a court ordered them detained until Dec. 5. The journalists have been in detention for nearly a week after police raided the premises of Red Pepper accusing them of publishing a false story.  Police had said on Nov. 23 that they had preferred several charges including treason against the journalists. Their lawyer, Maxma Mutabingwa, said that when they appeared in court for the first time on Monday, treason was not among the offences read out to them. Instead they were charged with several counts of libel, offensive communication and publication of information prejudicial to security.   I think police backed off the treason charge because it was ridiculous, it was not sustainable at all,  he told Reuters.  The journalists applied for bail but the state prosecutor said he needed time to respond and court adjourned the proceedings to Dec. 5. The raid on the paper followed publication of a story that, citing unnamed sources, said that Rwanda believed Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni was plotting to oust its leader, Paul Kagame. The paper has a wide readership and often regales its audience with a surfeit of salacious content about private lives of political and business officials and celebrities. In recent years it has moved to include more political coverage and has some times irked authorities with audacious headlines on security, diplomacy and power maneuvers in the government of President Yoweri Museveni. Police has kept the media outlet s premises cordoned off. It has not published the daily since the raid. Computers, phones and other equipment confiscated during the search have also not been returned, Mutabingwa said. Rights groups and journalists have complained of escalating harassment and intimidation of independent media by security personnel in the East African country especially as Museveni faces growing opposition pressure to end his rule.  Local media, including Red Pepper, have reported this month on tensions between Uganda and neighboring Rwanda over a range of economic and security disputes but Uganda s foreign affairs ministry has dismissed the reports as rumors. ",1
13752,Teenage IS supporter guilty of plotting attack on Bieber concert in UK,"LONDON (Reuters) - A British teenager was found guilty on Monday of planning to drive a car into a crowd in the Welsh capital Cardiff, with a Justin Bieber concert and a shopping center among the list of possible targets for his Islamic State-inspired attack. The 17-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, wrote a  martyrdom letter  in which he said he was  a soldier of the Islamic State . Police found the letter in a rucksack in his bedroom which also contained a large knife and a hammer. The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said he was planning an attack of a similar type to one near Britain s parliament in March, where a man in a van drove into pedestrians on London s Westminster Bridge before stabbing a policeman.  This teenager s behavior over many months leaves no doubt that he intended to kill and maim as many people as possible in an attack reminiscent of the incident on Westminster Bridge,  said Sue Hemming, head of the special crime and counter terrorism division at the CPS.  He was also posting extremist content online that could have encouraged others to commit terrorist acts and downloading instructions on how to carry out  lone wolf  attacks.  The Westminster attack was one of five major attacks this year that British authorities are treating as terrorism incidents. Five people including the policeman and the attacker, Khalid Masood, died in the Westminster incident. The CPS said the Welsh schoolboy had posted Islamic State propaganda on his Instagram account, and his Instagram password was  Truck Attack . He researched possible targets including Cardiff Castle, a theater, a library and a shopping center, as well as the Bieber gig, which took place in June. The teenager admitted that he owned the knife and hammer and had written the letter, but denied intending to harm anyone.  He will be sentenced in January. ",1
13753,Brazil Speaker Maia says working to pass pension reform this year,"SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Brazil s lower house Speaker Rodrigo Maia said on Monday he will try to pass a fiscally crucial pension reform bill this year in the chamber, but he told reporters he would only put the measure to the vote if it has enough support. The bill needs a three-fifths super majority of 308 votes to pass and poll by Arko Advice consultancy found the government is 46 votes short and time is running out. A government plan to hold a vote next week will likely get put off until Dec 13, with days to spare before the Congressional recess begins on Dec 22.   ",1
13754,Greek government under fire over would-be Saudi arms deal,"ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece s junior coalition party leader on Monday faced questioning in parliament and calls for his suspension over a failed deal to sell Greek army missiles to Saudia Arabia. Panos Kammenos, defense minister in Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras  government, secured a 66-million-euro deal with Saudi Arabia for the sale of surplus missiles to the Gulf state. The deal fell through in August and questions have arisen since over its transparency.  Greece s supreme court prosecutor has ordered an investigation after press reports that the government used a middleman to broker the deal - something illegal in government-to-government deals since it is seen as likely to lead to corrupt practices.  Kammenos has repeatedly denied wrongdoing. His right-wing Independent Greeks party has just nine lawmakers in parliament, but Tsipras s government depends on it for a thin majority of 153 seats in the 300-member assembly.   A fully legal government-to-government agreement to sell ammunition is being presented as corruption,  Kammenos told lawmakers.  It is a government-to-government deal and there are no intermediaries. The money that would have left Saudi Arabia would have gone to the state coffers - no intermediary, no middlemen,  he said. But Conservative opposition lawmakers have called for the minister s resignation and for a probe into the sale. Others have also questioned the possible sale of arms to Saudia Arabia, which is involved in the Yemen conflict.     In any normal country, the prime minister would have suspended the defense minister until the case was cleared up,  Kyriakos Mitsotakis, the main opposition New Democracy leader, told a heated parliamentary debate.   Is Mr. Kammenos perhaps blackmailing you with toppling the government?  he asked Tsipras.  The deal was approved in March by Greece s top decision-making body on foreign affairs and defense matters, KYSEA, which is headed by Tsipras. The reasons it fell through are unclear.  Greek anti-corruption laws ban the use of intermediaries in government-to-government agreements. The government denies wrongdoing and says the so-called intermediary was an authorised representative of Saudi Arabian interests.   ",1
13755,Merkel presses cautious SPD over joining new German coalition,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel piled pressure on Monday on the Social Democrats (SPD) to rejoin a  grand coalition  with her conservatives, arguing that the European Union and the wider world urgently needed a stable German government in place. More than two months after its Sept. 24 national election, Europe s economic and political powerhouse is still without a government and officials say coalition talks may now properly begin only in the new year.  There are European elections in 2019... so there is a big expectation that we take positions,  she told reporters, referring to proposals by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and by French President Emmanuel Macron on the future governance of the EU s currency and economic union. Merkel also cited conflicts in the Middle East, tensions with Russia and relations with the United States as factors that required a Germany  capable of acting . David McAllister, an executive committee member of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU), echoed her views in comments to Reuters, adding that Germany needed to iron out its stance on key EU issues ahead of European Parliament elections in 2019.  Diligence definitely comes before speed (in forming a coalition) but the government should be formed in time for Germany to be capable of acting if decisions need to be made (in Europe) in 2018,  McAllister said. The conservatives should signal willingness to compromise and avoid drawing red lines as they prepare for talks with the SPD, he said. Preliminary talks are due to begin on Thursday. While the conservatives and SPD have different opinions on Europe, they managed to work together in a 2013-2017 governing coalition and all major parties in Germany agree on fundamental issues relating to the EU, McAllister added. Merkel s initial efforts to forge a three-way coalition with the liberals and the Greens collapsed on Nov. 19, forcing her to approach the SPD, which had wanted to go into opposition after suffering its worst election result in German postwar history. SPD leader Martin Schulz, who has previously been strongly opposed to another  grand coalition , said on Monday he ruled nothing out ahead of the preliminary talks. Stung by their previous experience of serving as junior partner in Merkel-led governments - in 2005-09 and again in 2013-17 - the SPD rank-and-file membership shares Schulz s reticence about joining a new coalition. Many SPD members favor a looser arrangement whereby the SPD agrees to tolerate a Merkel-led minority government, supporting or at least agreeing not to vote against certain measures. A poll for RTL and NTV television showed 48 percent of SPD members were in favor of toleration, an inherently less stable form of government, and only 36 percent in favor of a renewed grand coalition. Merkel herself has said she would prefer a fresh election to presiding over a minority government. Schulz has promised to allow SPD members a vote on any deal his party reaches with Merkel. ",1
13756,Irish minister says expects election to be avoided,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland s minister for social protection said she expects the government and main opposition party to avoid a snap election that a dispute between the two has left them 24 hours away from triggering.  I think we all know an election is coming but it just isn t right for the country to have that election right now and I do expect us to come back from the brink,  Regina Doherty told the Newstalk radio station on Monday. ",1
13757,Saudi-led coalition allows first aid ship into Yemen's Hodeidah port: local officials,"DUBAI (Reuters) - A ship carrying 5,500 tonnes of flour docked in Yemen s Hodeidah port in the Red Sea on Sunday, the first after more than two weeks of a blockade by a Saudi-led coalition fighting the Houthi movement, local officials said. Saudi Arabia and its allies closed air, land and sea access to the Arabian Peninsula country on Nov. 6, to stop what it calls a flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. The action came after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired towards its capital Riyadh.  Iran has denied supplying the Houthis with weapons.  The delivery is the first aid to arrive through Hodeidah port, controlled by the Houthis, after the coalition allowed a flight carrying humanitarian aid workers to the Yemeni capital of Sanaa on Saturday.   The ship is 106 meters long and carries 5,500 tonnes of flour,  one of the Yemeni officials said. Aid agencies said the blockade had worsened the humanitarian crisis in Yemen where the war has left an estimated 7 million people facing famine and killed more than 10,000 people.  The coalition gave clearance for U.N. flights in and out of Sanaa from Amman on Saturday, involving the regular rotation of aid workers.  After re-opening Sanaa airport, UNICEF has also sent vaccines there. The charity Save the Children said an estimated 20,000 Yemeni children under the age of five were joining the ranks of the severely malnourished every month,  an average of 27 children every hour . ",1
13758,"Turkish PM says EU confused since Brexit, needs to revisit Turkey's future place","LONDON (Reuters) - The European Union is  entirely confused  since Britain voted to leave the bloc and it needs to revisit its vision for enlargement and Turkey s place in that, Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Monday.  Launched in 2005 after decades of seeking the formal start of an EU membership bid, Ankara s membership negotiations have long been sensitive for France and Germany because of Turkey s status as a large, mainly Muslim country. The large purge that President Tayyip Erdogan has carried out following a failed coup attempt in July 2016 has worsened relations between Brussels and Ankara.  During a visit to London, Yildirim said the European Union needed to look again at its plans to expand the bloc.   After the Brexit decision the EU is entirely confused. They need to revisit their vision for the future, how far they are going to enlarge and what place Turkey will have in that. We are here. We are not going anywhere,  he said.  Yildirim also reaffirmed that Turkey did not believe that the crisis in neighbouring Syria could be resolved whilst President Bashar al-Assad remained in power.  The current regime is responsible for the way things have evolved in Syria ... I don t think it s a realistic prospect to build lasting peace in Syria with Assad (in place),  he said.  ",1
13759,Ex-Russian minister says he thought bag with $2 million cash was gift of alcohol,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Former Russian economy minister Alexei Ulyukayev, accused of extorting a bribe, told a court on Monday he thought a bag holding $2 million in cash which he took from Rosneft (ROSN.MM) chief executive Igor Sechin held a gift of expensive alcohol. Ulyukayev faces up to 15 years in prison if found guilty of  accepting the $2 million cash from Sechin, a close ally of President Vladimir Putin. Prosecutors said the bribe was given last year on Nov. 14 in exchange for Ulyukayev approving the sale of a state-controlled oil company Bashneft (BANE.MM) to Rosneft. Police detained Ulyukayev inside Rosneft headquarters shortly after Sechin handed him the cash inside a lockable brown bag and  a little basket with sausage  as a gift, prosecutors said. . The next day Putin fired Ulyukayev. Ulyukayev, speaking to the court, said he had believed the package contained a gift but that a trap had been set for him.  All this was an action directed against me, planned in advance, a provocation organized in advance,  he said.  Ulyukayev s lawyers are trying to explain to the court why he accepted the bag from Sechin given that - according to transcripts of their conversations - neither man had discussed what was inside. Ulyukayev said when he had been economy minister, Sechin had visited his ministry two or three times and usually had come to the office  with a bulky bag,  containing presents. During that period, Sechin personally presented Ulyukayev with a watch and a model of an  oil-derrick, and he sent a food hamper on occasions such as birthdays, Ulyukayev said. Ulyukayev had also received alcoholic drinks from Sechin as gifts, a prosecutor said.  That was a norm of etiquette,  from Sechin s point of view, Ulyukayev told the court. The ex-minister said the bag which Sechin gave him last year at Rosneft headquarters in a law enforcement sting operation weighed about 15 kg (33 lbs) and he thought there had been expensive wine or spirits inside. Ulyukayev said that a month before, Sechin promised to present him with a wine he  had never tried before in his life  to mark the successful closing of the Bashneft privatization deal. For that reason it came as a surprise that the bag contained money, Ulyukayev said. Sechin has been issued with four summonses to testify in the trial, but has failed to show up, despite being a key witness. His lawyer said in a letter to the court that Sechin had been away on business trips. ",1
13760,Swedish govt. says to grant reprieve to some asylum seeker minors,"STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Sweden will let some migrants who arrived as unaccompanied minors and turned 18 during the process of applying for asylum stay even if their applications are rejected, a rare relaxation of rules imposed at the height of the 2015 migration crisis. More than 160,000 people sought asylum in Sweden in 2015, more than 30,000 of them unaccompanied minors, swamping the migration authority and leading to a huge backlog of cases. Monday s agreement between the Social Democrats and Greens to relax some rules irons out a rift in the minority government.  These young people have become a part of Sweden. They should not be hurt by the extremely long processing times,  Deputy Prime Minister Isabella Lovin of the Green Party told a news conference. Sweden tightened asylum rules late in 2015, saying it could no longer provide housing for all those who had arrived. Asylum seeker numbers fell to less than 30,000 last year, of which only about 2,000 were unaccompanied minors, although the fall is also due to the closing of the main route from Turkey to the EU through Greece. The November 2015 tightening of Sweden s traditionally generous asylum policies was a blow to the Green Party which has also had to accept the sale of state-energy company Vattenfall s lignite mines in Germany, which it wanted decommissioned. The new rules will apply to asylum seekers who were registered as minors before the new tighter laws were announced, provided the processing time had been longer than 15 months.  They would be given temporary residency permits to finish high school, which could become permanent if they found employment, the government said. The Social Democrats and Greens will still need backing from parties outside government to get the agreement signed into law. ",1
13761,"Bulgarian, Macedonian Orthodox Churches edge closer despite thorny history","SOFIA (Reuters) - The Bulgarian Orthodox Church has taken a step towards possible eventual recognition of Macedonia s Orthodox Church, a rapprochement that echoes a warming of relations between the governments of the two Balkan neighbors. However, the move is unlikely to be welcomed by other Orthodox Churches such as those of Serbia and Greece, in a region where religious identity is often closely tied up with nationalist passions and politics. The Macedonian Orthodox Church was formed when the country was part of communist Yugoslavia but has never been recognized by other Orthodox churches due to a long-standing dispute over its independence from the Serbian Orthodox Church, with which it was previously formally united. This month, however, the Macedonian Church sent an official request to Bulgaria s 1,100-year-old Orthodox Church asking it to become its symbolic  mother  church. Bulgaria has close linguistic, cultural and historic ties with Macedonia. In a statement on Monday the Bulgarian Orthodox Church said that  aware of its sacred duty... (it was) taking all necessary steps to establish the canonical status of the Macedonian Church .  We must accept the outstretched hand of Macedonia,  Bulgaria s Orthodox Patriarch Neofit said.  This is the least (we can do) because they are our brothers.  The move comes three months after the prime ministers of Bulgaria and Macedonia signed a friendship treaty in a move designed to end years of diplomatic wrangling and boost Macedonia s European integration. The Bulgarian Church s Holy Synod, its top executive body, will consult with other Eastern Orthodox churches, including those of Russia and Greece and Serbia, before announcing its final decision, it said. The Eastern Orthodox Church is the second largest Christian denomination worldwide with more than 250 million members, but unlike the Roman Catholic Church it has no supreme leader comparable to the Pope but instead is composed mainly of de facto national churches, each led by a patriarch. There was no immediate response on Monday from the Orthodox Church in Serbia, Greece or elsewhere to the Bulgarian move, but they are unlikely to be positive. Greece is locked in a long-running dispute with Macedonia over the country s name, which is also the name of a northern Greek province, and Athens has blocked the Skopje government s attempts to join the European Union and NATO. Russia s Orthodox Church, by far the biggest worldwide, is unlikely to do anything that might compromise Moscow s strong ties with Serbia. Moscow is also opposed to Macedonia s plans to join NATO and the EU. But Bulgaria s Orthodox Church could unilaterally recognize Macedonia s Church, a move sure to cheer Bulgarian nationalists.  The Bulgarian Church must recognize the Macedonian (Church),  Bulgarian Defence Minister Krasimir Karakachanov, co-leader of the United Patriots party, a junior partner in the centre-right coalition government in Sofia, said on Monday.  The two brotherly churches speak without a translator and use the same church books,  he added, alluding to the close linguistic links.  Bulgarian nationalists regard the Macedonian language as a dialect of Bulgarian. ",1
13762,"Sudan general, nine soldiers killed in Darfur clashes: SUNA","KHARTOUM (Reuters) - A Sudanese general and nine soldiers were killed in clashes in the war-damaged region of Darfur on Sunday after their vehicles were ambushed by militants, state news SUNA reported on Monday. Conflict in Darfur erupted in 2003 when mainly non-Arab tribes took up arms against Sudan s Arab-led government and has led to intermittent clashes ever since, though the government announced a unilateral ceasefire last year. Fresh clashes erupted on Sunday following a military effort by government forces in the southern Darfur region to collect weapons from militants, SUNA reported. Defence Minister Ali Mohamed Salem said that prominent Darfur militia leader Musa Hilal had been arrested and the situation in Darfur was now stable following the clashes, according to SUNA. The news service did not elaborate. ",1
13763,Britain's Prince Harry says thrilled at engagement to U.S. actress Markle,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Prince Harry, who announced earlier on Monday he was engaged to his American girlfriend Meghan Markle, said they were both thrilled as they posed for their first picture together after the announcement.  Thrilled. Over the moon,  Harry said when asked how he felt. When asked by reporters when he knew she was the one, he said:  The very first time we met.  Asked if his proposal was romantic, Harry replied:  Of course it was,  before leaving with an arm around his fiancee who showed off her diamond engagement ring to photographers. ",1
13764,Reaction to Prince Harry's engagement to Meghan Markle,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain s Prince Harry is engaged to his U.S. actress girlfriend Meghan Markle with the marriage due to take place in the spring of 2018, his father Prince Charles announced in a statement on Monday. Here are some reactions to the engagement: Prince Harry, on how he feels      Thrilled. Over the moon   When did I know she was  the one ? The very first time we met.  Meghan Markle, on how she feels  So happy  Queen Elizabeth II  The Queen and The Duke of Edinburgh are delighted for the couple and wish them every happiness.  Prince Charles on a trip to Poundbury, in southwest England   We re thrilled. We re both thrilled. We hope they ll be very happy indeed.  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, William and Kate  We are very excited for Harry and Meghan. It has been wonderful getting to know Meghan and to see how happy she and Harry are together.  British Prime Minister Theresa May  I would like to offer my very warmest congratulations to HRH Prince Harry and Meghan Markle upon their engagement.   This is a time of huge celebration for two people in love and, on behalf of myself, the Government and the country, I wish them great happiness for the future.  Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby  I am absolutely delighted to hear the news that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are now engaged. I have met Prince Harry on a number of occasions and have always been struck by his commitment and passion for his charities, and his immense love for his family.    I am so happy that Prince Harry and Ms Markle have chosen to make their vows before God.  Former British Prime Minister David Cameron    Congratulations to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Wonderful news and I wish them a long and happy life together.  Pressure group Republic  What is happy news for the royal couple is going to turn into another royal PR exercise, helped along by a widespread failure of good journalism. The royals have lots of hard questions to answer, about misuse of public funds, inappropriate lobbying and abuse of privilege. They re on the public payroll to do a public service, they need to be treated as we treat politicians.  ",1
13765,Kuwait court sentences MPs to jail terms for storming into parliament,"KUWAIT (Reuters) - A Kuwaiti court handed several lawmakers jail terms on Monday for forcing their way into the parliament building in 2011 - a move that could cause political turbulence in the Gulf Arab region s most liberal state. Protesters burst into parliament in 2011 after lawmakers had been denied the right to question then prime minister Sheikh Nasser al-Mohammad al-Sabah about corruption allegations. Kuwait s al-Qabas newspaper said the court sentenced current MPs Jamaan al-Harbash and Waleed al-Tabtabai to five years and MP Mohammed al-Mutair to one year. An outspoken former parliament deputy, Musallam al-Barrak, who earlier this year finished serving a two-year prison sentence for insulting the country s ruler, was sentenced to seven years. The MPs have a considerable political following, especially among Kuwait s traditional tribes which have influence in areas outside the main cities. Kuwait avoided mass Arab Spring-style unrest though citizens held large street protests in 2012 after the Emir Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber al-Sabah changed the electoral law.  While Kuwait allows more freedom of speech than some other Gulf Arab states, the emir has the last say in state affairs. There have been a series of political trials and authorities have revoked citizenship of some Kuwaitis in the past several years that have drawn rebuke abroad and anger at home. ",1
13766,"Turkish, Sudanese intelligence agencies catch and return alleged coup suspect: Anadolu","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish and Sudanese intelligence agencies have captured and returned to Turkey a man believed to be a financier for the U.S.-based cleric accused of orchestrating a failed coup in Turkey, the state-run Anadolu news agency said on Monday. Citing security sources, Anadolu said Turkey s MIT and Sudan s NISS intelligence agencies carried out a joint operation targeting Memduh Cikmaz in Sudan and returned him to Turkey early on Monday. Cikmaz, labelled by Turkish media a  money safe  for the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, is believed to have transferred millions of dollars to Gulen s network from Sudan since he fled there in January 2016, Anadolu said. Sudanese officials could not immediately be reached for comment. Gulen is accused by Ankara of orchestrating the failed July 2016 coup against President Tayyip Erdogan. He has denied any involvement.  Since the abortive coup, more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over alleged links to Gulen, while some 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the military, public and private sectors. Rights groups and some of Turkey s Western allies have voiced concern about the crackdown, fearing the government is using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government says only such a purge could neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network, which it says deeply infiltrated institutions such as the army, schools and courts. ",1
13767,Pope meets Myanmar's military chief in shadow of Rohingya crisis,"YANGON (Reuters) - Pope Francis held talks on Monday with Myanmar s military chief at the start of a delicate visit to a majority-Buddhist country that the United States has accused of  ethnic cleansing  against its Muslim Rohingya people. The leader of the Roman Catholic church will also visit Bangladesh, where more than 620,000 Rohingya have fled to escape what Amnesty International has called  crimes against humanity . Myanmar s army has denied accusations of murder, rape, torture and forced displacement that have been made against it. The pope s first meeting in Yangon was with military commander Senior General Min Aung Hlaing in St. Mary s Cathedral in the heart of the Southeast Asian nation s largest city.  They discussed the great responsibility of authorities of the country in this time of transition,  Vatican spokesman Greg Burke said after the 15 minutes of talks, which were followed by an exchange of gifts. Francis presented the general with a commemorative medal of his visit, and Min Aung Hlaing gave the pope a harp in the shape of a boat and an ornate rice bowl, Burke said. The army chief told the pope that  there s no religious discrimination in Myanmar and there s the freedom of religion,  according to a statement on the Facebook page of Min Aung Hlaing.  Every soldier s goal is to build a stable and peaceful country,  the army chief was paraphrased as saying in the statement.  Members of ethnic minority groups in traditional dress welcomed Francis at Yangon airport, and children presented him with flowers as he stepped off his plane. He waved through an open window at dozens of children waving Vatican and Myanmar flags and wearing T-shirts with the motto of the trip    love and peace    as he set off in a car. Only about 700,000 of Myanmar s 51 million people are Roman Catholic. Thousands of them traveled by train and bus to Yangon, and they joined crowds at several roadside points along the way from the airport to catch a glimpse of the pope. More than 150,000 people have registered for a mass that Francis will say in Yangon on Wednesday, according to Catholic Myanmar Church spokesman Mariano Soe Naing.   We come here to see the Holy Father. It happens once in hundreds of years,  said Win Min Set, a community leader who brought a group of 1,800 Catholics from the south and west of the country.   He is very knowledgeable when it comes to political affairs. He will handle the issue smartly,  he said, referring to the sensitivity of the pope s discussions about the Rohingya. Large numbers of riot police were mobilized in Yangon but there were no signs of any protests. The trip is so delicate that some papal advisers have warned Francis against even saying the word  Rohingya , lest he set off a diplomatic incident that could turn the country s military and government against minority Christians. The Rohingya exodus from Rakhine state to Bangladesh s southern tip began at the end of August, when Rohingya militants attacked security posts and the Myanmar army launched a counter-offensive. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson last week called the military operation  ethnic cleansing  and threatened targeted sanctions for  horrendous atrocities . Myanmar s government has denied most of the accusations made against it, and the army says its own investigation found no evidence of wrongdoing by troops. Myanmar does not recognize the Rohingya as citizens nor as members of a distinct ethnic group with their own identity, and it even rejects the term  Rohingya  and its use. Many people in Myanmar instead refer to members of the Muslim minority in Rakhine state as illegal migrants from Bangladesh.  Francis is expected to meet a group of Rohingya refugees in Dhaka, capital of Bangladesh, on the second leg of his trip. The most tense moments of his Myanmar visit were expected to be the private meeting with the army chief and, separately, with civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Tuesday. Vatican sources say some in the Holy See believe the trip was decided too hastily after full diplomatic ties were established in May during a visit by Suu Kyi. Suu Kyi s reputation as a Nobel Peace Prize laureate has been tarnished because she has expressed doubts about the reports of rights abuses against the Rohingya and failed to condemn the military. The pope has already used the word Rohingya in two appeals from the Vatican this year.  Asked if he would say it in Myanmar, Burke said Francis was taking the advice he had been given seriously, but added:  We will find out together during the trip ... it is not a forbidden word . A hardline group of Buddhist monks, previously known as Ma Ba Tha, said it welcomed the pope s visit but warned, without elaborating, of  a response  if he spoke openly about the Rohingya.  I hope he doesn t touch on sensitive issues that Myanmar people couldn t accept,  said Tawparka, a spokesman for the group, who goes by a single name.  There s no problem if he talks about Islam, but it s unacceptable if he speaks about Rohingya and extreme terrorists.  ",1
13768,Syrian congress in Russia postponed to February: RIA cites source,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - A Russian-backed Congress of Syrian peoples in the Russian city of Sochi has been postponed until February, Russia s RIA news agency reported on Monday, citing a diplomatic source. The event, called the Syrian Congress on National Dialogue, was initially to be held in November but some opposition groups rejected the idea of the meeting, initially proposed by President Vladimir Putin. ",1
13769,Special Report: 'Treacherous shenanigans' - The inside story of Mugabe's downfall,"HARARE (Reuters) - Inside State House in Harare, Robert Mugabe was in the tightest spot of his 37-year rule. Tanks were on the streets and troops had occupied the state broadcaster, from where the army had announced it had taken control of Zimbabwe. Mugabe, 93 years old but still alert, remained defiant. The only leader the country had known since independence was refusing to quit. At a tense meeting with his military top brass on Nov. 16, the world s oldest head of state put his foot down:  Bring me the constitution and tell me what it says,  he ordered military chief Constantino Chiwenga, according to two sources present. An aide brought a copy of the constitution, which lays out that the president is commander-in-chief of the armed forces. Chiwenga, dressed in camouflage fatigues, hesitated before replying that Zimbabwe was facing a national crisis that demanded military intervention. Mugabe retorted that the army was the problem, according to the sources present. Then the beleaguered president indicated that perhaps they could find a solution together. The meeting marked the start of an extraordinary five-day standoff between Mugabe and Zimbabwe s supreme law on one side, and the military, his party and Zimbabwe s people on the other. The generals wanted Mugabe to go, but they also wanted a peaceful  coup,  one that would not irreparably tarnish the administration aiming to take over, according to multiple military and political sources. The president finally accepted defeat only after he was sacked by his own ZANU-PF party and faced the ignominy of impeachment. He signed a short letter of resignation to parliament speaker Jacob Mudenda that was read out to lawmakers on Nov. 21. Mugabe, who had run Zimbabwe since 1980 and overseen its descent into economic ruin while his wife shopped for luxury goods, was gone. The country erupted into ecstasy. Parliamentarians danced and people poured onto the streets in their tens of thousands to celebrate a political downfall that sent shockwaves across Africa and the world. To many, the end of Mugabe had been unthinkable only one week before. Reuters has pieced together the events leading up to Mugabe s removal, showing that the army s action was the culmination of months of planning that stretched from Harare to Johannesburg to Beijing. Drawing on a trove of intelligence documents from within Mugabe s feared Central Intelligence Organization (CIO), Reuters reported in September that the army was backing Emmerson Mnangagwa, then vice president, to succeed Mugabe when the time came. The report detailed how Mnangagwa, a lifelong friend and former security chief of Mugabe, might cooperate with Mugabe s political foes in order to revive the economy. It caused furore in Zimbabwe s media and political circles. Bitter rivalry intensified between Mnangagwa and Grace, Mugabe s 52-year-old wife, who also hoped to take over as president and had the backing of a ZANU-PF faction known as G40. In early October, Mnangagwa said he had been airlifted to hospital in South Africa after a poisoning attempt in August. He pointed no fingers - but he didn t need to. Grace s swift response was to deny it and accuse her rival of seeking sympathy; she belittled him as nothing but an employee of her husband, according to a report in the state-run Herald newspaper. As the pressure built, Mugabe became increasingly paranoid about the loyalty of army chief Chiwenga, a career soldier and decorated veteran of Zimbabwe s 1970s bush-war against white-minority rule. Mugabe s spies, who permeated every institution and section of society in Zimbabwe, were warning him the military would not accept Grace as president.  Mugabe is very worried of a coup,  one intelligence report, dated Oct. 23, said.  Mugabe was openly told by senior CIOs that the military is not going to easily accept the appointment of Grace. He was warned to be ready for civil war.  Reuters reviewed the document, and hundreds of other intelligence reports dating back to 2009, before the coup took place. The documents come from within the CIO, but Reuters could not determine for whom they were written. The CIO is split into factions, some pro- and some anti-Mugabe. In late October, Mugabe summoned Chiwenga to a showdown, according to another of the documents, dated Oct. 30. It said Mugabe confronted the army chief about his ties to Mnangagwa and told him that going against Grace would cost him his life.  Chiwenga was warned by Mugabe that it is high time for him to start following. He mentioned to Chiwenga that those fighting his wife are bound to die a painful death,  the intelligence report said. At the same meeting, Mugabe also ordered Chiwenga to pledge allegiance to Grace. He refused.  Chiwengwa refused to be intimidated. He stood his ground over his loyalty to Mnangagwa,  the report said. Reuters put questions about this exchange and other aspects of this article to Mugabe s spokesman, George Charamba. In an enigmatic text message dated Nov. 23, he replied:  Enjoy Reuters copy. Goodnight.  Two spokesmen for Chiwenga declined to comment. After another tense meeting with Mugabe on Nov. 5, Chiwenga left Harare on a pre-arranged official trip and traveled to China, which wields significant influence as a major investor in Zimbabwe. A day later, Mugabe sacked Mnangagwa as vice president and purged him from ZANU-PF, the liberation movement that Mnangagwa had served since his youth and for which, as a young militant caught bombing a train, he had nearly been executed. For the generals, Mugabe had gone too far. The military immediately activated a  Code Red  alert, its highest level of preparedness, a military source said.  Moments after Mnangagwa was ousted on Nov. 6, the security details assigned to him and his house were withdrawn, according to a statement he issued later. He was told his life was in danger.  Security personnel, who are friendly to me, warned me that plans were underfoot to eliminate me once arrested and taken to a police station,  Mnangagwa said in a Nov. 21 statement.  It was in my security interest to leave the country immediately.  From Harare, he managed to escape over the border into neighboring Mozambique, where he caught a plane to China, according to one source familiar with his movements. There he met up with Chiwenga, the source said. Reuters could not confirm the account; but an intelligence report from Nov. 13 indicates that Mugabe suspected some of his generals of preparing to overthrow him from China.  A number of generals are now in China ready to plot Mugabe s ouster with Mnangagwa,  the report said. It was not clear which generals, and whether their travel to China was authorized. Mugabe s spies suspected old allies had turned against the aging president. An intelligence report, dated Oct. 30, said Beijing and Moscow both supported regime change out of frustration at Zimbabwe s economic implosion under Mugabe.  China and Russia are after change,  the report said.  They are after change within ZANU-PF as they are sick and tired of Mugabe s leadership.   The two countries are even ready to clandestinely supply arms of war to Mnangagwa to fight Mugabe.  Neither China s Defense Ministry nor Foreign Ministry responded to a request for comment. The Foreign Ministry had previously said Chiwenga s visit was  a normal military exchange mutually agreed upon by China and Zimbabwe.  Reuters sent written requests for comment to the Kremlin, the Russian Defense Ministry and the Russian Foreign Ministry. None of them responded. China has long taken an interest in Zimbabwe, having supported Mugabe s forces during the liberation struggle. After independence it developed connections there in mining, security and construction. Russia has also had ties to Zimbabwe since the early 1980s, and in 2014 a Russian consortium entered into a partnership to develop a $3 billion platinum mining project in the country. Chiwenga s trip to China culminated in him meeting Chinese Defense Minister Chang Wanquan in Beijing on Nov. 10. Two sources with knowledge of the talks told Reuters that Chiwenga asked if China would agree not to interfere if he took temporary control in Zimbabwe to remove Mugabe from power. Chang assured him Beijing would not get involved and the two also discussed tactics that might be employed during the de facto coup, the sources said. Reuters could not establish whether Mnangagwa met Chang. Having got wind of the talks in China, Mugabe summoned his still-loyal police commissioner, Augustine Chihuri, and his deputy, Innocent Matibiri, to detain Chiwenga on his return to Harare, government and security sources said. The pair assembled a squad of 100 police and intelligence agents. But the plot leaked and Chiwenga supporters managed to pull together a counter-team of several hundred special forces soldiers and agents as their commander s plane approached. Some were disguised as baggage handlers, their military fatigues and weapons hidden beneath high-visibility jackets and overalls, one security source said. Realizing they were outnumbered and outgunned, Chihuri s police team backed down, allowing Chiwenga to touch down without incident, the security source said. Mugabe s spokesman did not comment on the incident. Two days later, Chiwenga and a group of military commanders demanded a meeting with Mugabe at his official State House residence in Harare, an ornate colonial villa complete with stuffed leopards and thick red carpets, according to a government source. They said they were  very alarmed  at the firing of Mnangagwa and told Mugabe to rein in his wife and her G40 faction, whom they accused of trying to divide the military, according to the government official, who was present at the discussions.  What do you think should be done?  Mugabe demanded of the soldiers as he sat slumped in an armchair. The generals asked him to give assurances that they too would not be purged. Mugabe s response was lukewarm, the government source said. Chiwenga told Mugabe he would be making his concerns about the G40 faction public. Hours later, Chiwenga summoned reporters to the military s main barracks near Harare to issue a statement.  We must remind those behind the current treacherous shenanigans that, when it comes to matters of protecting our revolution, the military will not hesitate to step in,  he said, reading from a prepared text. The following afternoon, Reuters reported six armored personnel carriers heading towards the headquarters of Mugabe s Presidential Guard on the outskirts of Harare. It was unclear whose command they were under. At the time, the city s residents were on edge but still unsure what it all meant. At around 6 p.m. on Nov. 14, Mugabe s motorcade headed to his private  Blue Roof  residence, a heavily fortified compound in the capital s leafy northern suburb of Borrowdale. Meanwhile, social media buzzed with pictures of armored vehicles driving along roads to Harare, sparking frenzied speculation about a coup. Increasingly concerned, Grace put in a call shortly after 7 p.m. to a cabinet minister asking to get WhatsApp and Twitter shut down, according to one source familiar with a recording of the conversation. The minister, whose identity Reuters is withholding for safety reasons, replied that such a move was the responsibility of state security minister Kembo Mohadi.  No-one will stand for a coup. It cannot happen,  said Grace, commonly referred to as Amai, which means Mother, according to a source who heard the recording.  Mugabe s voice is then heard on the line:  As you have heard from Amai, is there anything that can be done?  The minister gave the same response, about the responsibilities of state security, and the line went dead, the source said. Mohadi declined to comment. Two hours later, two armored vehicles rolled into the Pockets Hill headquarters of the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation (ZBC), according to ZBC sources. Dozens of soldiers sealed off the site and stormed into the studios where they accosted staff, snatching their phones and halting programs. State-owned ZBC, widely seen as a mouthpiece for Mugabe, switched to broadcasting pop music videos. Mugabe s inner circle, nearly all of them G40 loyalists, had no idea what was under way, according to four sources familiar with their conversations. Information Minister Simon Khaya Moyo called Defense Minister Sydney Sekeramayi to ask if he had any information about a possible coup. Sekeramayi said no, but tried to check with military chief Chiwenga. Chiwenga told Sekeramayi he would get back to him. According to the sources, Chiwenga never did. Moyo remains in hiding and was unavailable for comment. Sekeramayi declined to comment. As ministers in the G40 faction tried frantically to work out what was going on, Chiwenga s men closed in on Mugabe s compound. According to a source briefed on the situation, Albert Ngulube, a CIO director and head of Mugabe s security detail, was driving home around 9.30 p.m. after visiting Mugabe. He met an armored car on Borrowdale Brooke, a side road leading to Mugabe s house. When Ngulube confronted the soldiers and threatened to shoot them, they beat him up and detained him, the source said. Ngulube was later released, but had suffered head and facial injuries, the source added. Spokesmen for Chiwenga and Mnangagwa declined to comment. Reuters was unable to contact Ngulube. Other G40 ministers were also picked up by soldiers. Finance minister Ignatius Chombo was found hiding in a toilet at his house and beaten before being detained at an undisclosed location for more than a week. On his release on Nov. 24, he was hospitalized with injuries to his hands, legs and back, his lawyer told Reuters, describing the army s behavior as  brutal and draconian.  Soldiers used explosives to blow the front door off the house of Jonathan Moyo, the main brains behind G40, according to video footage of the house seen by Reuters. Others burst through the front gates of the residence of local government minister Saviour Kasukuwere, another key Grace supporter. Both men managed to escape to Mugabe s residence. Contacted by Reuters shortly after midnight in the early hours of Nov. 15, Kasukuwere was audibly stressed.  I can t talk. I m in a meeting,  he said, before hanging up. For another week, Mugabe clung on to the presidency as Chiwenga and his forces tried to engineer a peaceful, and quasi-legal, exit for the long-serving leader. But as parliament began impeachment proceedings on Nov. 21, Mugabe finally gave up. After 37 years in control, during which much of his country fell into poverty, his letter of resignation said he was stepping down out of  concern for the welfare of the people of Zimbabwe.  ",1
13770,Russia denies its planes killed civilians in Syria's Deir al-Zor: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s Defence Ministry denied on Monday that Russian war planes had carried out deadly air strikes on a village in Syria s Deir al-Zor province that had killed dozens of civilians, the Interfax news agency reported. Moscow was responding after the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that at least 53 civilians, including children, had been killed in Russian air strikes in the eastern Syrian village of Al-Shafah. ",1
13771,No government options off table: German SPD leader,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The leader of the Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) said nothing had been ruled out ahead of talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a new government, but added that there was no certainty of success.  No options are off the table,  SPD leader Martin Schulz told a news conference at his party s Berlin headquarters on Monday, adding that it was impossible to say where preliminary talks, due to begin on Thursday, would lead. ",1
13772,Don't count on Germany's SPD to rescue Macron's euro agenda,"BERLIN (Reuters) - During Germany s election campaign, the Social Democrats (SPD) rallied behind French President Emmanuel Macron s ideas for reform of the euro zone, including the creation of a budget,  finance minister and separate parliament for the currency bloc. But as momentum builds for another  grand coalition  between the SPD and Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives, doubts are rising about whether the center-left party will make European reform a top priority in looming negotiations. Several senior SPD officials, some speaking on condition of anonymity, said that while the party continued to support Macron s ideas, domestic reforms of health insurance, pensions and the labor market were likely to play a more prominent role in eventual talks.  Europe is not a theme where we can simply push things through. We need to strive for a consensus,  said Johannes Kahrs, a budget expert for the SPD in parliament and leader of the conservative  Seeheimer Kreis  wing of the party.  It would be nice if the conservatives went along with the idea of a budget for the euro zone, but they need to want it. It would make no sense to try to bully them into this.  The comments may come as a disappointment to Macron, who called SPD leader Martin Schulz after the collapse of three-way talks between Merkel s conservatives, the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) and Greens a week ago, and urged him to do his part to ensure political stability in Germany. The EU faces a narrow window to forge agreement on Macron s European reform proposals because, as 2019 approaches, it is expected to be consumed by the Brexit negotiations, wrangling over a new long-term budget for the bloc and EU elections. For that reason, the French president would prefer to avoid a lengthy period of political uncertainty in Germany, including  new elections that could delay the formation of a government in Berlin until mid-2018. Macron also may be hoping the SPD   led by former European Parliament president Schulz and Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel   can convince Merkel s conservatives to embrace some of his more controversial ideas for the euro zone. Macron, a centrist, honed many of his European reform ideas with Gabriel when both were economy ministers. On page 98 of their election program, the SPD calls for many of the same measures that Macron supports: a euro zone budget, finance minister and parliament, as well as harmonized corporate tax rates and the transformation of Europe s ESM bailout mechanism into a more robust European Monetary Fund. Two months after the election, senior SPD officials say  there is still broad support in the party for these ideas.  But none suggest that the party is likely to insist on them in talks with Merkel that could begin next month. Several pointed to the departure of Merkel s hardline finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble, who has shifted to the role of Bundestag president, as a significant step already.  Before the election, a lot of people said we needed to get rid of Schaeuble. Now they ve done that for us,  said one senior party member.  Will we push for more on Europe? Yes. Will there be other priorities that are perhaps more important? Yes.  Another SPD official said achieving a level playing field on corporate tax rates in Europe and introducing a financial transactions tax were just as important as Macron s plans to overhaul euro zone governance. While Merkel has shown a readiness to work with Macron, other members of her conservative bloc are skeptical about his euro zone ideas, fearful Europe could develop into a  transfer union  in which Germany pays for reform-wary southern countries. Over the past four years, the SPD struggled to put its mark on European policy, with Schaeuble, backed by Merkel, setting a strict rules-based course that emphasized structural reforms in euro member states over closer integration. ",1
13773,Macron's European dream more difficult without 'strong' Germany,"PARIS (Reuters) - President Emmanuel Macron s bold vision for European renewal will be harder to translate into real policy change if France does not have a  strong partner  in Germany, France s new government spokesman said on Monday. Benjamin Griveaux s comments were the most explicit yet by the French government that the faltering coalition talks in Germany posed a risk to Macron s ideas for reform of the euro zone, as well as defense, immigration and energy policy.  We are naturally paying close attention to everything that might help stabilize the political situation (in Germany) because without a strong partner it will obviously be more difficult to carry out the president s ambitious European project,  Griveaux told a weekly news briefing. Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have spoken frequently in past months about their desire for France and Germany, the European Union s two largest economies and often its engines of change, to take the lead on closer cooperation. But Merkel s fourth term was plunged into doubt a week ago when three-way coalition talks with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and Greens collapsed. Now momentum is building for another  grand coalition  with the Social Democrats (SPD). Even so, those negotiations may not be quick. The EU faces a narrow window to forge agreement on Macron s sweeping proposals because, as European elections in 2019 approach, the bloc is likely to be distracted by Brexit negotiations and wrangling over a new long-term budget.   Moreover, doubts are rising over whether the SPD would make European reform a priority in looming coalition negotiations. On euro zone reform, Macron has called for the creation of a budget, finance minister and separate parliament for the currency bloc. ",1
13774,Eight bodies found in boat washed up on Japan beach: coast guard,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Eight bodies, which had been reduced partly to skeletons, were found on Monday in a small wooden ship that washed up on a  beach in the sea of Japan, the Japan Coast Guard (JCG) said. The ship came ashore on a beach 70 km (44 miles) north of a marina where police last week found eight men who said they were from North Korea. Police said they appeared to be fishermen whose boat, found nearby, had run into trouble. The JCG said they were working to establish the nationalities of the eight bodies on the ship. The bodies of two males, similarly partly skeletonized, were also found at the weekend on the western shore of the Sea of Japan island of Sado.  Although the nationalities of these two have not yet been established, what appeared to be North Korean cigarettes and life jackets with Korean lettering on them were nearby, the JCG s Sado station said. Both local police and the JCG said the two may have been from North Korea. The incidents come at a time of rising tension over North Korea s nuclear arms and missile programs after President Donald Trump redesignated the isolated nation a state sponsor of terrorism, allowing the United States to levy further sanctions. Experts say North Korea s food shortages could be behind what is potentially a series of accidents involving North Korean ships.  North Korea pushes so hard for its people to gather more fish so that they can make up their food shortages,  said Seo Yu-suk, research manager of North Korean Studies Institution in Seoul. Small and old North Korean ships that sail beyond its coastal waters are vulnerable to bad weather, he said. Yoshihiko Yamada, professor at Japan s Tokai University, said fishermen operating in the Sea of Japan have just entered a season of hostile weather conditions.   During the summer, the Sea of Japan is quite calm. But it starts to get choppy when November comes. It gets dangerous when northwesterly winds start to blow,  he said. A total of 43 wooden ships that were believed to have come from the Korean peninsula washed up on Japanese shores or were seen to be drifting off Japan s coast from January to Nov. 22 this year, compared with 66 ships for the whole of last year, the JCG said. ",1
13775,South Korea warns North not to repeat armistice violation,"PANMUNJOM, South Korea (Reuters) - North Korea violated an armistice agreement with South Korea this month when North Korean soldiers shot and wounded a North Korean soldier as he defected across their border and it must not do so again, South Korea s defense minister said on Monday. The defector, a North Korean soldier identified only by his surname, Oh, was critically wounded but has been recovering in hospital in South Korea. The incident comes at a time of heightened tension between North Korea and the international community over its nuclear weapons program, but the North has not publicly responded to the defection at the sensitive border. South Korean Minister of Defence Song Young-moo issued his warning to the North while on a visit to the border where he commended South Korean soldiers at a Joint Security Area (JSA), in the so-called Truce Village of Panmunjom, in the demilitarized zone, for rescuing the defector. A North Korean border guard briefly crossed the border with the South in the chase for the defector on Nov. 13 - a video released by the U.N. Command (UNC) in Seoul showed - a violation of the ceasefire accord between North and South at the end of the 1950-53 Korean War.       Shooting towards the South at a defecting person, that s a violation of the armistice agreement,  Song said.  Crossing the military demarcation line, a violation. Carrying automatic rifles (in the JSA), another violation,  he added as he stood near where South Korean soldiers had found Oh, collapsed and bleeding from his wounds.  North Korea should be informed this sort of thing should never occur again.  Since the defection, North Korea has reportedly replaced guards stationed there. Soldiers have fortified a section of the area seen aimed at blocking any more defections by digging a trench and planting trees.         As Song was speaking 10 meters away from the trees North Korean soldiers planted, four North Korean soldiers were spotted listening closely. South Korean military officials pointed out two bullet holes in a metal wall on a South Korean building, from North Korean shots fired at Oh as he ran. Oh has undergone several operations in hospital to remove bullets. His lead surgeon, Lee Cook-jong, told Reuters his patient has suffers from nightmares about being returned to the North. In South Korea, six soldiers, three South Korean and three American, were given awards by the U.S. Forces Korea last week in recognition for their efforts in rescuing the defector. After inspecting the site on Monday, Song met troops stationed there for lunch and praised them for acting  promptly and appropriately . South Korea has been broadcasting news of the soldier s defection towards North Korea via loudspeakers, according to the South s Yonhap news agency.  South Korean military officials have declined to confirm that. ",1
13776,EU Parliament chief asks Poland to ensure MEPs' safety after far-right protest,"WARSAW (Reuters) - The president of the European Parliament said on Monday he would ask Poland s prime minister to ensure the security of Polish members of the assembly after a far-right protest staged a symbolic hanging of the politicians.  On Saturday a few dozen people in the southern Polish city of Katowice hanged the portraits of politicians who backed a  European Parliament resolution calling on the Polish government to condemn  the xenophobic and fascist march  held on Poland s Independence Day on Nov. 11.  I will write to PM Beata Szydlo to ensure the security of elected members of the European Parliament to express their opinions independently, without threat, and oppose those who spread hatred by exhibiting outrageous pictures of hanged politicians,  Antonio Tajani said on Twitter. Poland s socially conservative, euroskeptic government came under fire from the EU and human rights group for allowing far-right marchers - who were among some 60,000 people at the Nov. 11 rally - to brandish banners with racist slogans such as  pure blood, clear mind  or  Europe will be white or uninhabited . Leading members of the ruling Law and Justice party (PiS) joined other politicians in denouncing the use of hate speech at the rally, but critics said their response was too slow. The PiS government has been increasingly at loggerheads with Brussels since sweeping to power two years ago over what the EU sees as its flouting of democratic rules.   One has to condemn what happened in Katowice,  Szydlo said. However, she added that if she received Tajani s letter she would also ask him to  keep an eye on those MPs who insult and slander Poland in the European Parliament . Organisers of the Saturday protest told the local katowice24.info news portal that they were expressing their opposition to the  slanderous voices  against Poles  expressing their pride during the Independence Day March . The pictures showed six members of the European parliament (MEPs) who belong to the opposition Civic Platform (PO) party. The economically liberal, pro-EU PO party governed Poland for eight years until its defeat by PiS in the 2015 national election. Polish Justice Minister Zbigniew Ziobro said prosecutors would look into the Katowice protest. He said he  doesn t like  what happened, but he also blamed the opposition, saying that in their protests they also displayed  aggression .  An action triggers a reaction,  Ziobro told the public Trojka radio station. ",1
13777,Indonesia orders immediate evacuation as highest alert issued for Bali volcano,"DENPASAR, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesia closed the airport on the tourist island of Bali on Monday and ordered 100,000 residents living near a grumbling volcano spewing columns of ash to evacuate immediately, warning that the first major eruption in 54 years could be  imminent . The airport was closed for 24 hours from Monday morning, disrupting 445 flights and some 59,000 passengers, after Mount Agung, which killed hundreds of people in 1963, sent volcanic ash high into the sky, and officials said cancellations could be extended.  Plumes of smoke are occasionally accompanied by explosive eruptions and the sound of weak blasts that can be heard up to 12 km (7 miles) from the peak,  the Disaster Mitigation Agency (BNPB) said in a statement after raising the alert from three to its highest level of four.   The potential for a larger eruption is imminent,  it said, referring to a visible glow of magma at Mount Agung s peak overnight, and warning residents to evacuate a danger zone at a radius of 8-10 km (5-6 miles). Sutopo, a BNPB spokesman, said there had been no casualties so far and 40,000 people had left the area, but tens of thousands still needed to move.  Video footage shared by the agency showed volcanic mud flows (lahar) on the mountainside. Lahar carrying mud and large boulders can destroy houses, bridges and roads in its path. Bali, famous for its surf, beaches and temples, attracted nearly 5 million visitors last year, and its airport serves as a transport hub for the chain of islands in Indonesia s eastern archipelago. But tourism has slumped in parts of Bali since September when Agung s volcanic tremors began to increase and the alert level was raised to maximum before being lowered in October when seismic activity calmed. I m really worried. Maybe I ll go somewhere south that I think will be safe to avoid being trapped by the ashfall,  said Maria Becker, a German tourist staying in Amed, around 15 km (9 miles) from the volcano. Agung rises majestically over eastern Bali to a height of just over 3,000 metres (9,800 feet). Northeastern Bali is relatively undeveloped compared to the more heavily populated southern tourist hub of Kuta-Seminyak-Nusa Dua.     Indonesia s Vulcanology and Geological Disaster Mitigation Centre (PVMBG), which is using drones, satellite imagery and other equipment, said predictions were difficult in the absence of instrumental recordings from the last eruption 54 years ago. In 1963, an eruption of Agung killed more than 1,000 people and razed several villages by hurling out pyroclastic material, hot ash, lava and lahar. Recordings now show the northeast area of Agung s peak has swollen in recent weeks  indicating there is fairly strong pressure toward the surface , PVMBG said. It warned that if a similar eruption occurred, it could send rocks bigger than fist-size up to 8 km (5 miles) from the summit and volcanic gas to a distance of 10 km (6 miles) within three minutes. Some analysis, however, suggests the threat should not be as great this time because  energy at Mount Agung s magma chamber is not as big  and the ash column only around a quarter as high so far as the 20 km (12 miles) reached in 1963, Sutopo said.  CHECK-INS CLOSED  Bali airport, about 60 km (37 miles) from the volcano, will be closed for 24 hours, its operator said. Ten alternative airports have been prepared for airlines to divert inbound flights, including in neighboring provinces.       Virgin Australia Holdings Ltd said it was cancelling flights on Tuesday, while Jetstar was offering to exchange Bali bound tickets for other destinations. Television footage showed hundreds of holidaymakers camped inside the airport terminal, some sleeping on their bags, others using mobile telephones.  We have been here (in Bali) for three days we are about to leave today, but just found out our flights have been canceled. We have got no information because the gates, the check-ins, have been closed indefinitely,  said Carlo Oben from Los Angeles. Cover-More, Australia s biggest travel insurer, said on its website customers would only be covered if they had bought policies before the volcano alert was first issued on Sept. 18.  Indonesia s hotel and restaurant association said stranded tourists at member hotels would get one night s free stay.  The main airport on Lombok, next to Bali, was closed after being open for much of the day, a spokesman said. Airlines avoid flying when volcanic ash is present because it can damage engines and can clog fuel and cooling systems and hamper visibility. (For interactive package on Agung eruptions, click tmsnrt.rs/2AayRVh)(For graphic on Pacific ring of fire, click tmsnrt.rs/2AzR9jv) ",1
13778,17-year-old Danish girl jailed for planning bomb attacks on schools,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - A 17-year-old Danish girl who offered to fight for Islamic State was sentenced on Monday to eight years in prison by the Danish high court for planning bomb attacks on two schools, one of them Jewish. The high court on Friday found the girl - who was 15 years old at the time - guilty of the offences, upholding an earlier district court ruling. The district court had initially sentenced her to six years in jail.  The prosecutor had called for her to sentenced to preventive detention indefinitely. The girl was arrested at her home in January last year and charged with planning the attacks after acquiring chemicals for making bombs. ",1
13779,Germany may need constitutional change to allow it to strike back at hackers,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany may need to change its constitution to allow it to strike back at hackers who target private computer networks and it hopes to complete any legal reforms next year, a top Interior Ministry official said on Monday. The plan could include disarming servers used in attacks and reflects growing concern about the frequency and intensity of such attacks. Industry is also raising pressure on government to respond to the barrage, which ultimately could hurt Europe s leading economy. State Secretary Klaus Vitt told Reuters the government believed  significant legal changes would be needed  to allow such  hack back  actions.  A constitutional change may be needed since this is such a critical issue,  Vitt said on the sidelines of a cyber conference organized by the Handelsblatt newspaper.  The goal is to get it done by the end of next year at the latest.  Vitt said much would depend on the outcome of coalition talks in Germany of which cyber capabilities formed a part. Experts say it may be easier to enact the legal changes under a right-center-left coalition, which has ruled for the past four years, than under a three-way coalition with smaller parties that Chancellor Angela Merkel initially tried to forge. Top German intelligence officials told parliament last month they needed greater legal authority to strike back in the event of cyber attacks from foreign powers. Vitt told the conference that changing threats and new modes of attack required different responses from government agencies including more  offensive  capabilities.  We must assume that purely preventative measures will not be sufficient to counter future attacks,  Vitt said. He said no one would question the need for police to enter a house and disarm a sniper shooting at innocent people.  But what about servers that are used to launch cyber attacks that paralyze the IT (information technology) of hospitals or utilities, affecting hundreds of thousands of people?  Andreas Jambor, chief information security officer for RWE Generation SE, a unit of German energy giant RWE (RWEG.DE), welcomed the moves.  There s a war underway on the internet .... We want things to be sorted out,  Jambor said.  Other countries are doing it and we should do it here as well.  Andreas Ebert, head of security for German carmaker Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) said any offensive action should be taken by the government. Arne Schoenbohm, president of Germany s BSI federal cyber protection agency, declined to give details about the legal concepts being developed. He said the need to target servers would likely make up just  0.01 percent of all cases.  ",1
13780,"Britain, Ireland at odds on border as Brexit deadline nears","DUBLIN/LONDON (Reuters) - Ireland and Britain remained at odds on Monday on how to progress talks on the Irish border with a week to go before London could face failure in persuading European Union leaders to open trade talks at a December Brexit summit. The EU handed Prime Minister Theresa May a 10-day  absolute deadline  on Friday to improve her divorce terms and meet three key conditions, including on the border between EU-member Ireland and Britain s province of Northern Ireland. Before it can sign off on the first phase of talks, the Irish government wants Britain to spell out in writing how it intends to make good on its commitment that the 500-km (300-mile) border will remain as seamless post-Brexit as it is today. Dublin and EU officials say the best way to avoid a  hard border  is to keep regulations the same north and south and that this needs to be agreed in phase one, but a spokesman for May reiterated on Monday that a solution can only be concluded in the second phase of talks.  We remain firmly committed to avoiding any physical infrastructure but the secretary of state (Brexit minister David Davis) was also clear that we will only be able to conclude them finally in the context of the future relationship,  he told reporters. May s spokesman repeated that the whole of the United Kingdom will leave the EU s single market and customs union but Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said it seemed impossible to Dublin that some form of hard border could be avoided if there are diverging regulatory regimes north and south.  It s simply not credible to say on the one hand that we are going to have a frictionless border and at the same time that all of Britain, including Northern Ireland, is going to leave the customs union, the single market without giving any reassurance on the avoidance of regulatory divergence,  he told national broadcaster RTE. With the possibility of Ireland vetoing progress on the talks dominating some newspaper front pages in Britain, Coveney added that Dublin would not need to use its veto if it remained dissatisfied since it has the backing of all other EU states.  We don t need to use a veto because we have complete solidarity on this issue. It is clear to us that if there is not progress on the Irish border, we will not be moving onto phase two in December and that was reinforced to me as late as last Friday by very senior EU leaders,  he said.  ",1
13781,Bahrain's top Shi'ite cleric's health deteriorates: activists,"DUBAI (Reuters) - The health of Bahrain s top Shi ite Muslim cleric has deteriorated, activists said on Monday, after months under virtual house arrest following a government decision to revoke his citizenship. Bahraini officials did not respond to a request for a comment on the reports about Ayatollah Isa Qassim s state of health. News about his condition has stoked tension in Bahrain as the Sunni Muslim-led monarchy pursues a crackdown on dissent by majority Shi ites that has included closing down two main political groupings and banning activists from travel or putting them on trial. Activists said Qassim, who is believed to be in his 70s, was suffering constant pain and excreting blood. Doctors who visited him on Sunday at his home in the village of Duraz, outside the capital Manama, have diagnosed him to be suffering from a  groin hernia requiring emergency operation , according to the London-based Bahrain Institute for Rights and Democracy (BIRD).  Such an operation carries a high mortality risk at Sheikh Isa Qassim s age. He also suffers high blood pressure, diabetes and a form of heart disease,  BIRD added in a statement. Sheikh Maytham al-Salman, a prominent Bahraini interfaith activist, said the Manama government was responsible for Qassim s health as it controlled access to medical treatment.  The international community must ensure Bahrain is pressured to ensure the safety of Sheikh Isa Qassim is protected,  he added in comments published by BIRD. The Interior Ministry announced in June 2016 that Qassim s citizenship had been revoked, accusing him of trying to divide Bahraini society, encourage youths to violate the constitution and promote a sectarian environment in the Gulf Arab state. The decision sparked angry protests in Bahrain and drew sharp condemnation from regional Shi ite power Iran and statements of concern from the United States and Britain. In May, five people were killed when security forces raided Qassim s homevillage to disperse followers who had camped out outside his house, and arrested 286 people, according to the interior ministry. Bahrain, where the U.S. Fifth Fleet that helps secure the Gulf s oil-shipping lanes is based, crushed Arab Spring protests in 2011 led by Shi ites demanding a bigger share in running the country. But unrest has lingered on with occasional outbursts that are put down by force by the authorities.     ",1
13782,Pakistani Islamists call off protests over blasphemy claim as govt. backs down,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - A hardline Pakistani Islamist group called off nationwide protests on Monday after the government met its demand that a government minister accused of blasphemy resign, following weekend clashes with police that paralyzed major cities. The cleric-politician leading the nearly three-week blockade of the capital, Islamabad, thanked the army chief for helping resolve the stand-off, raising questions about the military s role. The new ultra-religious political party Tehreek-e-Labaik Pakistan was protesting against a small change in wording to an electoral law changing a religious oath to a simple declaration, which it said amounted to blasphemy. The government climbdown will be seen as an embarrassment for the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party ahead of elections likely in mid-2018, and underlines the power of religious groups in the nuclear-armed nation of 207 million. Seven people were killed and nearly 200 wounded after a police bid to disperse protesters in Islamabad failed on Saturday, spurring demonstrators wielding sticks and iron rods to block key roads and motorways in other cities.  Our main demand has been accepted,  Ejaz Ashrafi, spokesman for Tahreek-e-Labaik, told Reuters, adding that part of the agreement was to free dozens of party workers arrested during the weekend crackdown.  Our workers  release is in process. Once that is done, we will leave.  At nightfall on Monday, the protesters were still in place. Law minister Zahid Hamid handed in his resignation to Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi  to take the country out of a crisis-like situation , state-run news channel PTV said on Monday.  Government spokesmen did not respond to requests from Reuters for comment. The government called in the military to tackle the protests after a police operation failed, but there was no sign of troops around protest camps on Sunday. The military said the army chief in one telephone call had advised Abbasi to resolve the protests peacefully. Tehreek-e-Labaik leader Khadim Hussain Rizvi on Monday described the army s role in ending the standoff.  The honorable chief of army staff, General Qamar Javed Bajwa, sent his special envoys to us. We said we do not want to talk to the government; they are our murderers,  Rizvi said.  So the general took personal interest and sent his team, saying  we will become the guarantors, and have your demands fulfilled . So we said,  All right. That is what we want.     For more than two weeks, Tehreek-e-Labaik activists have blocked the main road into the capital, Islamabad, in a protest that blamed law minister Hamid for changing the wording in an electoral oath. The party says the words  I believe , used to replace the clause  I solemnly swear  in a proclamation of Mohammad as the religion s last prophet, amount to blasphemy. The government blamed the change on a clerical error and swiftly restored the original format. Insulting Islam s prophet is punishable by death under Pakistani law, and blasphemy accusations stir such emotions that they are difficult to defend against. Even a rumor of blasphemy can spark mob violence, as in the case of a university student beaten to death in April. Labaik, one of two new ultra-religious political movements to reach prominence in recent months, has made defending the blasphemy laws a campaign centerpiece with some success. The party won a surprisingly strong 6 percent and 7.6 percent share of votes in two recent by-elections. Islamist parties are unlikely to win a majority in the elections expected next August, but could play a major role.   Giving in to the group s demands had hit the government s reputation and credibility, said political analyst Hasan Askari.  These protests will have emboldened this group, and they are going to assert themselves and put up candidates wherever they can in the next general election, or at least they will oppose the PML-N,  he added. The opposition Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party accused the government of bungling the efforts to remove the protesters and called for early elections. ",1
13783,"Europe, global environment mean Germany needs stable government, Merkel says","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany needs a stable government as soon as possible in order to respond to proposals for reforming the European Union and to deal with an uncertain global environment, Chancellor Angela Merkel told a news conference on Monday. Speaking after a meeting of her Christian Democrat (CDU) party s leadership, she said she would hold meetings with the Social Democrats (SPD), leader of the Social Democrats (SPD), who have agreed under pressure to enter coalition talks with Merkel s camp after first refusing to do so.  There are European elections in 2019 ... so there is a big expectations that we take positions,  she said, referring to European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker s and French President Emmanuel Macron s proposals on the future governance of the currency and economic union. She also mentioned conflict in the Middle East, tensions with Russia and relations with the U.S. as factors that meant Germany needed to be  capable of acting . ",1
13784,U.N. rights forum to hold special session on Myanmar Rohingya - U.N. sources,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The U.N. Human Rights Council is expected to hold a special session on killings, rapes and other crimes committed against Muslim Rohingya in Myanmar that have driven more than 600,000 into Bangladesh since August, U.N. sources said on Monday.  There will be a special session on December 5,  a senior United Nations source told Reuters. Council spokesman Rolando Gomez could not confirm the date but said:  There are moves to convene a special session to address the human rights situation in the country.  At least 16 of the 47 member states must request holding a special session of the Council, which are rare. Bangladesh and Muslim-majority countries were expected to back the call. In March, the Council already set up a fact-finding team. The investigators reported after their first mission to Bangladesh last month that Rohingya refugees fleeing Myanmar had testified that a  consistent, methodical pattern of killings, torture, rape and arson is taking place . The latest Rohingya exodus from Rakhine state to Bangladesh s southern tip began at the end of August, when Rohingya militants attacked security posts and the Myanmar army launched a counter-offensive. U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra ad al-Hussein has described the army s crackdown in Rakhine state as a textbook example of ethnic cleansing. The military has denied the accusations of murder, rape, torture and forced displacement. Amnesty International and other activist groups, in an open letter sent last week to member states, said that a special session was  imperative to launch decisive action and ensure international scrutiny and monitoring of the situation . Pope Francis arrived in Myanmar on Monday on a diplomatically delicate visit for the leader of the Roman Catholic church to the majority-Buddhist country. ",1
13785,Turkish police briefly detain academic in Kurdish militant probe: agency,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish academic Fikret Baskaya was briefly detained on Monday as part of an operation targeting members of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group, state-run Anadolu news agency said. Twelve other suspects were detained along with Baskaya, it said. Further information about the other suspects  status was not immediately available. Baris Yarkadas, a lawmaker from the main opposition CHP, wrote on Twitter that Baskaya, 77, had been detained at his home in the capital Ankara at 6.30 am (0330 GMT) and that police had seized some of his personal possessions. Baskaya, who is an author and university lecturer, was later released after giving a statement to police, another CHP lawmaker, Murat Emir, said in a tweet.  He added that Baskaya was detained over an article he wrote on Nov. 7, called  Real Terror is State Terror,  in which Baskaya said Turkey s Kurds suffered oppression at the hands of authorities. The investigation is ongoing despite Baskaya s release, Emir said. Anadolu said arrest warrants had been issued for a total of 17 people on allegations of aiding the PKK and spreading the group s propaganda on social media. Operations to detain the other suspects were ongoing. The PKK launched a separatist insurgency in southeast Turkey in 1984 and more than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict. It is designated a terrorist organization by Turkey, the United States and European Union. ",1
13786,Indian police ask interfaith couples: Is it love or terror?,"NEW DELHI/KOCHI, India (Reuters) - India s Supreme Court started hearing a case on Monday that prosecutors say shows how Islamic State sympathizers are using   Love Jihad    marrying Hindu women and converting them to Islam   to win recruits and spread their message. Over the past 28 months, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has picked up dozens of interfaith couples in the southern state of Kerala to question them about their marriages. The women - all Hindus who married Muslims   were asked  extremely personal  questions during the interrogations, two police officers from the agency said:  Did you sleep with your husband before getting married? Did he suggest you visit Islamic shrines before marriage? Did he blackmail you before you converted to Islam?   They were looking for cases of  Love Jihad , a term publicized by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and other hardline Hindu groups soon after they helped propel Prime Minister Narendra Modi to power in 2014. It refers to what these groups say is an Islamist campaign to convert Hindu women through seduction and marriage. Police investigations at the time found no evidence of any organised strategy, and the claim was widely ridiculed. But since then, the NIA began focusing on Kerala - a state along the Arabian Sea with strong economic links to the Middle East.  It investigated 89 cases of  Love Jihad  and found nine to be alliances planned by people linked to the Islamic State, two  NIA sources said, requesting anonymity because the investigation is going on. The NIA will present evidence in the nine cases to the Supreme Court.  The agency declined to disclose its evidence. But in two of the cases it was examining money sent from an Islamic school in Iraq to the women s bank accounts, and in another case a woman and her husband had shared IS videos among people in their Kerala village, the sources said. Opposition parties say the investigation shows the government is allowing the RSS and others to use the state apparatus to further an agenda of establishing Hindu dominance in India, where 13 percent of the population is Muslim. M.B Rajesh, a federal lawmaker and member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist), which rules Kerala, said the NIA and the RSS were trying to prove that marriages between Hindus and Muslims  are forced unions .   The NIA s probe is creating religious fault lines to help Modi s party win (Kerala s) state elections, but we will defeat them.   J. Nandakumar, an RSS leader who oversees the group s activities in the state, said the NIA investigation vindicated the Hindu right s campaign against religious conversions.   Their first step is to convert Hindu boys and girls, hypnotise them and prepare them for jihad,  he said. The RSS, which founded the first iteration of Modi s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party six decades ago, believes India is fundamentally a Hindu nation.  Since Modi s election in May 2014, the RSS has expanded its membership and influence across India and either it or its affiliates now run key ministries, such as the home ministry, which supervises the NIA, and the finance ministry. Muslims   who account for 172 million of India s 1.32 billion citizens - have been under increasing pressure from the Hindu right. Muslims have been lynched for killing cows - considered sacred in Hinduism - and some of their slaughter houses forced to shut down.  Neither Modi s office nor the NIA would comment because the issue is before the Supreme Court. One of the Muslim men, whose marriage to a Hindu woman was annulled by Kerala s High Court, has appealed the case to the Supreme Court.  The NIA has accused the man, Shefin Jahan, in court of trying to recruit people for the Islamic State, a charge he denies.  The 24-year-old woman, who converted to Islam before marrying him and changed her name from Akhila to Hadiya, was placed in her father s custody by the high court after he said he feared for her well-being. There is no criminal case against her.  India s chief justice summoned Hadiya to New Delhi to testify on Monday on whether she had been forced to convert. In an interim order the Supreme Court removed Hadiya from her father s custody and said she could live in a hostel to complete her college education. The trial will begin in January.  This is for the first time in the history of India the top court will be asking a woman the validity of her marriage and her religious conversion,  said Kapil Sibal, a lawyer and a leader of the opposition Congress party. Sibal is representing Jahan. Jahan, 26, told Reuters he met Hadiya through a matrimonial website for Muslims while he was working in a pharmaceutical factory in Oman. He said he wanted to live with his wife, with whom he stayed for only 48 hours before her father complained to the police.  Our simple love story has turned into an ugly religious and legal battle,  Jahan said. The NIA investigation started in 2015 after the government identified Kerala, which sends tens of thousands of workers to the Middle East, as a potential hotbed of Islamic State recruitment.  Nearly half of Kerala s 33 million people practice Islam and Christianity. Police and the NIA said at least 100 people from Kerala have joined the IS in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan. The NIA s nine  Love Jihad  cases were based on complaints lodged by the parents of the Hindu girls and all were found to have links with IS, the NIA police sources said. The agency dropped the investigations into the other 80 cases because no links to militants were found, the sources said.  Across India, more than 270 men and 20 women have been arrested for working directly or indirectly with the IS, according to data at the federal Home Ministry.  But Kerala was the only state where the NIA found a direct link between cases of  Love Jihad  and the IS, the NIA sources said.  The agency says it has uncovered attempts by IS sympathizers to possibly send the women in  Love Jihad  marriages off to marry or stay with fighters from the militant group, the NIA sources said.  Two couples, who were questioned by the NIA last year, told Reuters police searched their homes.  I was shocked when they said maybe my husband was a jihadi, and he could be planning to send me to Syria,  said one woman who married a Muslim information technology professional in 2015. Police questioned her for six hours, she said, and before leaving, took pictures of her wedding album. ",1
13787,Prince Harry's engagement shows British monarchy has moved on from scandals of past,"LONDON (Reuters) - King Edward VIII sacrificed his throne and Queen Elizabeth s sister Margaret gave up her one true love, but for Prince Harry marrying a divorcee is no longer a bar to being a royal or following his heart. On Monday, Harry, fifth-in-line to the British throne, announced he was to wed his girlfriend, divorced U.S. actress Meghan Markle, with the blessing of his grandmother, the queen. British social attitudes have been transformed in recent decades but the monarchy has been bound by a more traditional set of Christian values.  So the queen s approval is a stark demonstration of how much the monarchy has also changed and modernized in the last 80 years when the idea of a royal marrying someone who was divorced was inconceivable.  It s extraordinary how far we ve come since the 1930s,  said royal biographer Claudia Joseph.  In less than a century times have changed beyond all recognition.  Famously, Harry s great-great-uncle Edward VIII set off a constitutional crisis in 1936 by insisting on marrying twice-divorced American socialite Wallis Simpson to the horror of the British establishment, the government and the Church of England, which the monarch nominally heads. It was dubbed  the greatest love story of the 20th century  and Edward abdicated after just 11 months on the throne and ended up living in France, meaning Elizabeth s father George VI unexpectedly became king.   You must believe me when I tell you that I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and support of the woman I love,  Edward said in his abdication speech. Such attitudes were still prevalent two decades later. In 1955, Elizabeth s younger glamorous sister Margaret was forced to call off her proposed marriage to a dashing air force officer, Group Captain Peter Townsend. Although a royal equerry, Townsend was still deemed an unsuitable husband for the queen s sister because he was divorced and he was sent off to Brussels by Buckingham Palace.  I would like it to be known that I have decided not to marry Group Captain Peter Townsend,  Margaret said in a sad announcement to the nation.  Mindful that Christian marriage is indissoluble and conscious of my duty to the Commonwealth, I have resolved to put these considerations before others.  While divorce was considered unfathomable in those days, it has since become a common feature for the Windsors. Of Elizabeth s four children, three of their marriages have ended in divorce, most spectacularly that of Harry s father, heir-to-the-throne Prince Charles and his first wife Princess Diana. They divorced in 1996, 15 years after their fairytale wedding and a year before she was killed in a car crash in Paris    and Charles went on to wed another divorcee Camilla Parker Bowles in 2005. Camilla was someone who he had first considered marrying in the early 1970s but who royal courtiers had considered unacceptable while she was not keen on taking on the role herself at the time. However Charles and Camilla could not marry in church, and the queen, who holds strong religious beliefs and has taken her role as Supreme Governor of the Church of England very seriously, declined to attend the civil ceremony.  The Church of England had only ruled three years earlier that a divorced person could  in exceptional circumstances  marry again in church while their former spouse was still alive. Joseph said Charles s second marriage had paved the way for Harry.  I think the dilemma came when Prince Charles married the Duchess of Cornwall,  she told Reuters.  That was a hard thing for the queen to deal with. Somehow they had to marry without compromising her role as head of the church.  Harry and Meghan s union, like all those of the first six royals in direct line of succession, must be approved by the queen under the 2013 Succession to the Crown Act, which replaced an even more prescriptive law dating back to the 18th century.    The Queen and The Duke of Edinburgh are delighted for the couple and wish them every happiness,  Buckingham Palace said in a statement. ",1
13788,Ousted Hong Kong lawmakers ordered to pay hefty expense bills,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Four Hong Kong pro-democracy lawmakers who were ousted from the legislature this year condemned on Monday as  political persecution  a demand that they pay back hundreds of thousands  of dollars in expenses. A special legislative commission demanded that the lawmakers each pay up to HK$3.1 million ($397,400) in operating expenses and staff wages, the legislative council s president, Andrew Leung, said. Critics say the demand for money is an attempt to bankrupt the four and pile pressure on the city s pro-democracy camp that has tried to challenge what it sees as increasing interference  by Beijing despite a promise of autonomy in the financial hub. Leung said the legislature had a duty to recover the funds, backdated to when the lawmakers first took office in October last year, as public money was involved. The former lawmakers - Nathan Law, veteran activist Leung Kwok-hung otherwise known as  long hair , lecturer Lau Siu-lai, and surveyor Edward Yiu - would be given four weeks to respond, after which the legislature would decide what to do.  This is raw political persecution,  said Law, 24, who was jailed in August on an unlawful assembly charge linked to Hong Kong s pro-democracy  Occupy  protests in 2014, but who is out on bail pending an appeal.  It s preposterous,  Law added at a news conference held with the other three. Another of the expelled lawmakers, Yiu, said the four had worked hard as lawmakers over nine months, and they should be compensated for that, and not punished unjustly. Hong Kong s High Court expelled the four from the 70-member legislature in July after judging their oaths of office void for various reasons including speaking too slowly, adding extra words, or using a tone of voice suggesting disrespect towards China. The disqualifications came after China s parliament last  November judged that lawmakers must swear allegiance to Hong Kong as part of China, and that candidates would be disqualified if they changed the wording of their oath or if they failed to take it in a sincere and solemn manner. The ruling was considered Beijing s most direct intervention in Hong Kong s legal system since the 1997 handover of the city from Britain to China. The disqualifications eroded the influence of the opposition pro-democracy camp that had held a slender one-third veto bloc in the legislative council. Nearly 100 democracy activists are facing court cases in connection with their campaigning and several including student protest leader Joshua Wong have recently been jailed. A former British colony, Hong Kong reverted to China 20 years ago under a  one country, two systems  formula that guarantees a range of freedoms not enjoyed in China, including a direct vote for half of the legislative assembly.  ($1 = 7.8005 Hong Kong dollars) ",1
13789,Mali's regional elections delayed by security concerns,"BAMAKO (Reuters) - Mali s government said it has delayed regional elections from December to April amid security concerns caused by the spreading reach of Islamist militants. Mali has struggled to deal with insurgents and sectarian infighting this year despite international military interventions and a 2015 peace deal, and much of the country s north remains beyond government control.  Four United Nations peacekeepers and a Malian soldier were killed and 21 people wounded in two separate attacks in the center of the arid West African country on Friday. The government said in a statement that it wants to delay the regional elections, which were originally scheduled for Dec. 17,  in order to organize inclusive elections in a peaceful atmosphere .  It was not clear if the delay would affect the timing of presidential elections scheduled for July. Opposition politicians expressed concern that the security situation is unlikely to improve by April.   The government would not even set the date of the (regional) elections because it does not control the security situation,  said Abouacar Sidick Fomba, chairman of the ADEPM party.  There is no evidence that the situation will improve by that date.  Militants seized Mali s desert north in 2012 before being forced back by French military intervention in 2013. But over the last two years they have reemerged as a major threat to security in Mali and across its vast, porous desert borders in Niger, Burkina Faso and beyond.  ",1
13790,Syrian government delegation postpones departure to Geneva talks: report,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian government delegation has postponed its departure to U.N.-backed peace talks that are due to resume on Tuesday in Geneva, the pro-Syrian government newspaper al-Watan reported. The office of U.N. Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura said it would not comment on the travel plans of the Syrian government. The al-Watan report cited diplomatic sources in Geneva saying the Syrian government was annoyed by a statement that emerged last week from a Syrian opposition meeting in Riyadh. Syrian opposition groups stuck by a long-standing demand that President Bashar al-Assad be gone from power before a political transition. Damascus viewed the statement as a  return to square one , al-Watan reported. ",1
13791,Syrian government welcomes committee to discuss constitution,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - The Syrian government welcomes the formation of a committee that will discuss the current constitution and is expected to be formed at a congress to be convened by Russia in Sochi, Syrian state media said. The congress marks a Russian effort to advance a political solution towards ending Syria s six-year-long war that has killed hundreds of thousands of people and forced millions to flee in the worst refugee crisis since World War Two. U.N.-backed talks towards ending the conflict are due to resume in Geneva this week with the participation of the Syrian opposition to President Bashar al-Assad, who is militarily dominant in the conflict thanks to Russia and Iran.  A pro-Damascus newspaper, al-Watan, reported on Monday that the government delegation had postponed its travel to Geneva, saying Damascus was annoyed by the opposition s insistence on its demand that Assad leave power at the start of a transition. In a statement from the Syrian foreign ministry, the Syrian government said it would attend the  national dialogue congress  at the Sochi talks, whose date has yet to be confirmed. Syria welcomed  U.N. participation  in legislative elections to be held after the discussion of the constitution, state media cited a foreign ministry statement as saying. Russian President Vladimir Putin last week won the backing of Turkey and Iran - another ally of Assad - last week to host the congress.  ",1
13792,"Chechen leader, amid reshuffles, says ready to die for Putin","MOSCOW (Reuters) - Ramzan Kadyrov, head of Russia s Chechnya, said he was ready to die for Vladimir Putin and stand down, if ordered, ahead of a federal presidential election next year which has triggered personnel reshuffles that have put some politicians on edge. Kadyrov, 41, spoke during an interview broadcast on state TV late on Sunday that showcased what the unpredictable former warlord regards as his main achievements and, to a stirring soundtrack, showed him boxing, riding a horse, and giving his views on everything from polygamy to gay marriage. His comments looked like a tactic, one he has used before, to secure the Kremlin s public approval, something he didn t have to wait long for.  Kadyrov has repeatedly said that he is, speaking figuratively, quite a consistent and committed member of Putin s circle of adherents and intends to continue working where and how the president of the country orders him,  Dmitry Peskov, a Kremlin spokesman, told reporters on Monday.  He didn t say anything different and that s what we re going on. Ramzan continues to remain the current head of the republic.  Who rules the majority Muslim region is important for the Kremlin as Chechnya fought two wars against Moscow after the 1991 Soviet collapse, but now, in return for generous subsidies and a wide degree of autonomy, pledges absolute loyalty. Kadyrov, who has ruled Chechnya for the past decade during which rights groups have accused him of abuses, is seen by Moscow as the guarantor of that pact and was groomed by the Kremlin for his role after his father s 2004 murder.       His comments about possibly quitting came when asked by his state TV interviewer what he made of the prospect of having to leave office  at some point.   Kadyrov said it was  his dream  to one day step down from what he described as a very difficult job. He said that, if asked, he could propose several candidates to take over.  Once there was a need for people like me to fight, to put things in order. Now we have order and prosperity ... and the time has come for changes,  said Kadyrov.   Kadyrov, who calls himself  Putin s foot soldier,  has made similar statements before which have come to nothing.  Nor is his position under threat. He was re-elected last year for a five-year term after Putin gave his personal blessing for him to carry in on the job, while warning him that Russian law must be strictly enforced in Chechnya. Kadyrov s statement, like those before it, looked instead like a symbolic show of loyalty to curry favor with Putin who the Chechen leader said in the same interview he saw  rarely  and only when summoned.  Putin, 65, is widely expected to run for a fourth term and has started clearing out the old Russian political elite to bring in younger people, a process that has seen some regional leaders pressured to stand down. That has caused unease in some political circles and Kadyrov has found himself in the headlines in the West this year after rights groups accused him of presiding over a campaign of torture and murder of gay men. Kadyrov, in the same interview, said the allegations had been  made up  by rights group to attract funding grants and that he and his forces could not have persecuted gay men in Chechnya because there weren t any. He described Putin as his idol.  I am ready to die for him, to fulfill any order,  he said. ",1
13793,Australian police cut chains from immigration protesters at PM's residence,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australian police on Monday used metal cutters to remove five protesters who had chained themselves to the gate of the prime minister s official residence over the treatment of asylum seekers detained in Papua New Guinea. Papua New Guinea police last week expelled about 400 protesting asylum-seekers from a shuttered Australian-run detention camp on Manus Island. The United Nations decried the crackdown as  shocking . The Manus Island detention camp, and another in the South Pacific island nation of Nauru, have been cornerstones of Australia s policy under which it refuses to allow asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores. The policy, aimed at deterring people from making a perilous sea voyage to Australia, has been heavily criticized by the United Nations and human rights groups but has bipartisan political support in Australia. But some people, including some Christian groups, object to it.  It s our hope that as church leaders we can actually respond ... in non-violent ways, in peaceful ways that actually highlight the issue and do justice to the beauty and the courage of the men on Manus Island,  said one of the protesters, Jarod Mckenna, who said he was a Christian pastor. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull does not live in the official residence and he was not there during the three-hour protest which ended when police ordered the five to keep still while the chains were cut from around their necks. They were then taken away in a police vehicle. There were no reports of injuries, police said. Australia says allowing asylum seekers arriving by boat to reach its shores would only encourage people smugglers in Asia and see more people risk their lives trying to reach Australia. Australia closed the Manus Island detention center on Oct. 31, after it was declared illegal by a Papua New Guinea court. The asylum-seekers, who have said they fear for their safety as well as being resettled in Papua New Guinea or another developing country, were taken to transit centers. Australia has rejected an offer from New Zealand to resettle 150 of the men, and is instead aiming to sending up to 1,250 of them to the United States under a swap deal.  So many people feel hopeless,  Kurdish journalist and Manus Island detainee Behrouz Boochani told Reuters by text message from one of the transit centers.         Papua New Guinea immigration and police officials did not return Reuters  telephone calls or emails. ",1
13794,Barely a quarter of Catalans want to pursue split from Spain: poll,"MADRID (Reuters) - Barely a quarter of Catalans want to continue with a plan to claim independence from Spain in the wake of Dec. 21 regional elections, according to a poll published in El Pais newspaper on Monday. An illegal Catalan independence referendum on Oct. 1 plunged Spain into its worst political crisis in decades. It eased after the  sacking of the secessionist Catalan authorities by the Madrid government elicited little resistance. But uncertainty could return if the pro-independence camp wins in the Dec. 21 vote. Just 24 percent of those polled by Metroscopia said they would like to continue with the independence process after the elections, whereas 71 percent said they would prefer politicians to find an agreement based on Catalonia staying part of Spain. Pro-independence parties may fail to retain an absolute majority of seats in the Catalan parliament in next month s election, the first part of the poll published on Sunday showed. However, the survey s margin of error at 2.4 percent and the fact support was evenly split between the two sides makes reading conclusions from polls difficult. The telephone poll surveyed 1,800 Catalans between Nov. 20 and Nov. 22.  Failure to capture a majority in the regional parliament would be a heavy blow for Catalan separatists who have billed the election as a plebiscite on Madrid s decision to impose direct rule on the region last month. The Oct. referendum produced a large majority in favor of independence, but turnout was only 43 percent because many who opposed the breakaway did not vote. Catalan separatist parties are forecast to win 46 percent of the vote, down slightly from 47.7 percent in a previous election in 2015. Unionist parties combined would account for another 46 percent of votes, up from less than 40 percent last time, according to the Metroscopia poll. Turnout for the election, which former Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont said on Saturday would be the most important in the region s history, is predicted to reach a record 80 percent. ",1
13795,Kremlin says head of Chechnya to remain despite talk of quitting,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The Kremlin said on Monday that Ramzan Kadyrov, the outspoken leader of Russia s republic of Chechnya, would remain in his post despite comments he made about the possibility of standing down. Kadyrov, 41, said in a state interview broadcast late on Sunday that it was  his dream  to one day leave office and that, if asked, he could suggest several candidates capable of taking over his role.  Ramzan continues to remain the current head of the republic,  Dmitry Peskov, a Kremlin spokesman, told reporters on a conference call when asked about Kadyrov s statement.   ",1
13796,"Huge blast in China's Ningbo city kills at least two, cause unknown","BEIJING (Reuters) - A powerful explosion in a Chinese city south of Shanghai brought down buildings in a neighborhood marked for demolition, killing at least two people, state television reported on Sunday. The explosion struck at around 8:50 a.m. (0050 GMT) in Jiangbei district in the port city of Ningbo in Zhejiang province, China Central Television (CCTV) reported. Police said the cause of the blast was still uncertain.  A  huge tremor  was felt in the vicinity when it hit, CGTN, a network operated by CCTV, wrote on Twitter.  The force of the explosion destroyed the roofs of two buildings at the site of the blast, which CCTV said were already structurally unsound.  It also shattered windows and punched holes in the walls of some residential and commercial properties as far as a kilometer away.  Images from CCTV also showed a few flattened cars and a low-rise building with a collapsed wall.  The state broadcaster said two people were killed, while 16 were slightly wounded and two were in serious condition. CCTV said the blast was not a gas explosion, as the gas pipelines beneath the ground were no longer active, citing the operator of the pipelines.  According to local Zhejiang Daily, the buildings that collapsed had already been cleared of people. Police told Reuters the area had been marked for demolition. The official People s Daily posted aerial photographs of firefighters working at the site of the blast - an open area of debris and broken concrete.  The newspaper said there were no residents at the site of the explosion, though there might have been rubbish collectors at work when the blast occurred.  Another photograph posted by People s Daily showed grey smoke rising over the skyline of the city of Ningbo, about 100 kilometers (62 miles) south of Shanghai.  Earlier in the day, the official agency Xinhua news agency said the blast had happened at a factory.  Rescue work and an investigation into the cause were under way, local police said on Weibo.  Blasts and other accidents are common in China due to patchy enforcement of safety rules, although the government has pledged to improve checks to try to stamp out such incidents.  ",1
13797,Berlusconi suggests Italian general could be next prime minister,"ROME (Reuters) - Silvio Berlusconi has suggested a Carabinieri (military police) general could be Italy s next prime minister if his center bloc wins national elections slated for early 2018. Berlusconi, a four-times prime minister, is barred from holding public office because of a 2013 conviction for tax fraud. He is trying to overturn the ban, but is seeking alternative candidates if his legal battle fails.  I have many names, but there is someone who is very capable ... who has had success and is esteemed by everyone, General (Leonardo) Gallitelli,  Berlusconi told a Sunday night chat show on state broadcaster RAI. Gallitelli headed the Carabinieri, a military police force that operates under the control of both the defense and interior ministries, from 2009 to 2015. He is currently head of Italy s anti-doping office. Berlusconi said he had not yet discussed the idea with Gallitelli. He has previously suggested that European Central Bank Governor Mario Draghi or the CEO of carmaker Fiat Chrysler, Sergio Marchionne, could be his prime ministerial candidate. The billionaire media tycoon was widely written off after he quit as prime minister in 2011 amid a sex scandal. But he has made a remarkable political comeback and his Forza Italia (Go Italy!) party is now the lynchpin of a center coalition that leads in opinion polls ahead of next year s election. Berlusconi, 81, said if his bloc took power he would like to see 12 people from outside the world of politics appointed to the cabinet, with only 8 ministries entrusted to politicians. His allies, the far-right Northern League and Brothers of Italy, are likely to baulk at the suggestion. The three parties have agreed that whichever group gets more votes next year should nominate the prime minister.  Forza Italia is just ahead of the Northern League in the polls, but surveys indicate no one party or bloc will win enough votes to govern alone, meaning a hung parliament looks likely. ",1
13798,Zimbabwe cabinet pick to show if Mnangagwa is breaking with the past,"HARARE (Reuters) - New Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa is expected to form a new cabinet this week, with all eyes on whether he breaks with the past and names a broad-based government or selects old guard figures from Robert Mugabe s era. Of particular interest is his choice of finance minister to replace Ignatius Chombo, who was among members of a group allied to Mugabe and his wife, Grace, who were detained and expelled from the ruling party. Chombo is facing corruption charges and is due to appear in court for a bail hearing on Monday. In a tentative sign that he might do things differently, ZANU-PF cut the budget for a special congress to be held next month and also slashed the duration by half from six days, the state-owned Herald newspaper reported on Monday. Mnangagwa was sworn in as president last Friday after 93-year-old Mugabe quit under pressure from the military.  He vowed to rebuild Zimbabwe s ravaged economy and serve all citizens. But behind the rhetoric, some Zimbabweans wonder whether a man who loyally served Mugabe for decades can bring change to a ruling establishment accused of systematic human rights abuses and disastrous economic policies.   The composition of the new government will show a clear path whether we continue with the status quo or the clear break with the past that we need to build a sustainable state. It s a simple choice,  said former finance minister and opposition leader Tendai Biti. The opposition Movement for Democratic Change has called for an inclusive  transitional authority  to mark a break with Mugabe s 37-year rule and enact reforms to allow for credible and free elections due next year.  Zimbabwe needs all hands on deck...We cannot continue reproducing these cycles of instability,  Biti, who earned international respect as finance minister in a 2009-2013 unity government, told Reuters. Some economic and political analysts say Mnangagwa s choices may be limited after Cyber Security Minister and close ally Patrick Chinamasa said last week he saw no need for a coalition, as ZANU-PF had a parliamentary majority.  And with Mnangagwa saying on Friday elections would go ahead next year as scheduled, the opposition would have little to gain from participating in a coalition just eight months before the vote, Professor Anthony Hawkins, a business studies professor, said.  If I were an opposition politician I would say: what s in it for me? Unless I m convinced I m going to lose the election, I won t participate,  Hawkins told Reuters.   He (Mnangagwa) might introduce technocrats from commerce and that will send out a signal of sorts... As far as the international community is concerned legitimacy is important. It s a very delicate situation and he has very little room for maneuver.  The Standard newspaper, which has been critical of Mugabe and his government over the years, said Mnangagwa would be judged on how he delivers on the bold commitments he made at his inauguration. It said he must  walk the talk on graft  that has exacerbated the country s economic decline. Mugabe s fall after 37 years in power was spurred by a battle to succeed him that pitted Mnangagwa, his former deputy who had stood by him for 52 years, and Mugabe s wife, Grace, 52, who has been at the couple s  Blue House  mansion in Harare and hasn t been seen in public since. ",1
13799,Vietnam court jails blogger for seven years for 'propaganda' over spill,"(Reuters) - A court in Vietnam jailed a blogger on Monday for seven years for  conducting propaganda against the state , the latest action against a critic of the one-party state. Nguyen Van Hoa, 22, rose to prominence after a toxic waste spill from a steel mill built by Taiwan s Formosa Plastics Corp s Vietnam unit that polluted more than 200 km (125 miles) of coast, sparking rare protests in the Communist Party-ruled country.      Despite sweeping economic reforms and growing openness to social change, including gay, lesbian and transgender rights, Vietnam retains tight media censorship and its government does not tolerate criticism. In recent months, authorities have stepped up measures to silence critics whose voices on various issues have been amplified by social media in a country that is among Facebook s top 10 by users. The people s court in Ha Tinh province said on its website Hoa had been found guilty of propaganda against the state. It said Hoa produced videos to call for protests after the spill. Neither Hoa nor or a legal or family representative were available for comment. Hoa was arrested and prosecuted in April for publishing anti-government content. The Formosa incident, one of Vietnam s worst environmental disasters, is a sensitive topic for the government as it balances political stability, environmental protection and foreign investment, one of the drivers of economic growth. The government has said it will prosecute identified Formosa protesters for  causing public disorder . Another critic of the steel mill spill, Nguyen Ngoc Nhu Quynh, known as  Me Nam  (Mother Mushroom), was given a 10-year jail term for publishing propaganda against the state. A prominent rights lawyer who has represented Quynh, said on Monday the Bar Federation in Phu Yen province had revoked his licence to practice.  The government does not want me to work as a lawyer anymore because I have been defending poor people, people who were unjustly charged ... cases that are sensitive in Vietnam,  the lawyer, Vo An Don, told Reuters. Don said he would not be able to defend Quynh at her appeal hearing. Reuters was unable to immediately reach the Bar Federation or government authorities for comment on the case.   ",1
13800,Opposition takes surprise lead over U.S. ally in Honduras election,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - A left-right coalition led by a flamboyant TV host took a surprise lead in the Honduran presidential election, initial results showed on Monday, upsetting forecasts that the crime-fighting, U.S. allied incumbent would comfortably win.  Salvador Nasralla, who helms the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship, had 45.17 percent of the vote, while the National Party s Hernandez had 40.21 percent with 57 percent of ballot boxes counted, according to the country s election tribunal. ",1
13801,Pope begins Myanmar trip in shadow of Rohingya crisis,"YANGON (Reuters) - Pope Francis landed in Yangon on Monday, the start of a delicate visit for the world s most prominent Christian to majority-Buddhist Myanmar, which the United States has accused of  ethnic cleansing  its Muslim Rohingya people. The pope will also visit Bangladesh, to where more than 620,000 Rohingya have fled from what Amnesty International has dubbed  crimes against humanity  by Myanmar security forces, including murder, rape, torture and forcible displacement. The Myanmar army denies the accusations. Only about 700,000 of Myanmar s 51 million people are Roman Catholic. Thousands of them have traveled by train and bus to Yangon, the country s main city, to catch a glimpse of the pope.  ",1
13802,Turkey says U.S. wants use gold trader case to impose sanctions on Ankara,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkey s Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag said on Monday that the United States wanted to use the trial in New York of a Turkish gold trader to impose sanctions on Ankara. In an interview with broadcaster Kanal24, Bozdag also said that the United States had pressured the trader, Reza Zarrab, to sign off on accusations against Turkey.  They may have told Zarrab,  Either you will remain in prison until you die, or you will sign under what we tell you,  and they threatened him with retributions to sign off on accusations,  Bozdag said.  ",1
13803,Quake of magnitude 6.2 strikes off Papua New Guinea: USGS,"SINGAPORE (Reuters) - An earthquake of magnitude 6.2 struck off the Pacific Ocean nation of Papua New Guinea on Monday, the U.S. Geological Survey said. There were no immediate reports of any damage or injuries from the quake, which struck 125 km (78 miles) east of the town of Rabaul, at a depth of 70 km (44 miles). ",1
13804,Queensland result leaves Australian PM closer to edge,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The loss of a state election in Queensland has stepped up pressure on Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, who risks losing control of parliament at a by-election next month. Three Australian prime ministers have been ousted by their own parties since 2010, and a splintering of the conservative base in Queensland has raised questions over how long Turnbull s premiership can survive. Opinion polls already show his popularity at a record low.  Queensland s Liberal National Party (LNP), which replicates the federal coalition made up of Turnbull s Liberal Party and its partner the National Party, was hurt by voters, particularly in regional and rural areas, defecting to Pauline Hanson s right-wing, populist One Nation party. Vote counting is still underway, but the conservative divide has left the Labor Party on track to form the government in the coal-rich northeastern state. Smarting from this latest setback, Turnbull reminded voters on Monday that if they backed One Nation at the next federal election it could play into the hands of the center opposition.  Everyone is entitled to cast their vote as they see fit but the voting for One Nation in the Queensland election has only assisted the Labor Party,   Turnbull told reporters in the city of Wollongong, south of Sydney. The next federal election is due either in late 2018 or early 2019. But first up is the Bennelong by-election on Dec. 16. Should the Liberals lose the seat in Sydney s north, Turnbull would have to negotiate with independents and small parties to retain control of the House of Representatives, where the government is formed. It could heighten chances of deadlock between the two houses of parliament, which might force Turnbull to call an early election, just as he did last year. Regarded as a moderate, Turnbull has trouble holding on to voters leaking to the right following the resurgence of Hanson s  anti-immigration party, according to Queensland University of Technology political science expert Clive Bean.  In recent times Queensland has often been one of the states that has made the difference when it comes to whether the coalition wins government or not,  said Bean.  The seats that tend to bleed votes to One Nation do tend to be seats where the LNP is traditionally stronger.  Forecast to win just one seat in Queensland, One Nation polled almost 14 percent of the vote, spoiling the LNP s chances of taking the state off Labor. At the federal level, the ruling coalition s fragility has been exacerbated by rules forcing lawmakers holding dual nationality, which is prohibited, to recontest seats. Bennelong is one such seat, and should defeat there lead to the coalition losing control over the House of Representatives it would immediately undermine the prime minister s efforts to  stave off an inquiry into Australia s scandal-hit major banks. While Turnbull has distanced himself from the Queensland election result, maverick coalition member George Christensen tweeted an apology to voters who switched allegiance to One Nation, blaming the federal government for not standing up for conservative values.  A lot of that rests with the Turnbull govt, it s (sic) leadership & policy direction,  the tweet said. ",1
13805,Mexico finance minister to resign as presidency race looms: sources,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican finance minister Jose Antonio Meade will step down on Monday, two people familiar with the matter said on Sunday, as the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) gears up to pick its candidate for the 2018 presidential election. One of the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter, said Meade would announce his intention to seek the presidency for the PRI when resigning. The office of Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto late on Sunday said it would hold an event at 10.00 a.m. local time on Monday, without specifying what it entailed. Several Mexican media said Meade would announce his resignation at 10.00 a.m. A spokesman for Meade s office said he was unaware of any plans for the minister to resign on Monday. Pena Nieto is barred by law from seeking a second term, and his party faces a major challenge from twice presidential runner-up former Mexico City mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, a leftist who has led early polls for the July 2018 election. Meade would be replaced as finance minister by Jose Antonio Gonzalez Anaya, currently head of state oil firm Pemex, one of the two people familiar with the situation said. Meade has for months been one of the favorites to be the PRI candidate, both due to his reputation for competence as a minister across two rival administrations, and because he has avoided the taint of corruption that has battered the party. The 48-year-old has also been a top pick to succeed the departing Agustin Carstens at the helm of the Mexican central bank. The second person said if Meade was not stepping down to run for the PRI, he would be going into that job. Meade is not a member of the centrist PRI, which changed its statutes in August to make it easier for outsiders to run for the presidency. Officials say his reputation for honesty and cross-party appeal will be vital if he hopes to defeat Lopez Obrador. On Thursday, the PRI announced it would begin registering presidential hopefuls on Dec. 3, and that a national convention would formally elect the candidate on Feb. 18. Education Minister Aurelio Nuno, 39, Pena Nieto s former chief of staff and one of his closest allies, as well as health minister Jose Narro, are the most likely alternatives to Meade if he does not seek the candidacy, senior officials say. ",1
13806,Bali airport may stay closed longer than 24 hours amid Agung eruption: governor,"DENPASAR, Indonesia (Reuters) - Bali Governor Made Mangku Pastika said the closure of I Gusti Ngurah Rai International Airport could last longer than 24 hours amid an eruption of Mount Agung.   We don t know how long it will be closed for,  Pastika told reporters, referring to the Bali airport.  Sure, it s been closed for 24 hours until tomorrow, but that doesn t rule out the possibility the (closure) could be extended,  he said.  At least 5,000 foreign and 15,000-20,000 domestic tourists pass through the airport each day, according to Pastika.  Ngurah Rai is Bali s main international gateway and a hub for tourists traveling to Indonesian islands further east.  ",1
13807,"Xi wants China to spruce up toilets to boost tourism, quality of life","BEIJING (Reuters) - China must keep up efforts to  revolutionize  its toilets until the task is completed, state media quoted Chinese President Xi Jinping as saying on Monday, amid efforts to boost the domestic tourist industry and improve the quality of life. Xi launched the  toilet revolution  in 2015 as part of a drive to improve standards of domestic tourism in China, which he said suffers from deep-seated problems of a lack of civility.  The toilet issue is no small thing, it s an important aspect of building civilized cities and countryside,  Xi said, according to the official Xinhua news agency. As an emerging industry, Chinese tourism needs an upgrade in both hardware and software to continue strong growth, Xinhua reported Xi as saying. China s National Tourism Administration recently announced plans to build and upgrade 64,000 toilets between 2018 and 2020. But the toilet revolution is about more than just giving sightseers a better holiday experience; it is also about creating a more civilized society, Xinhua added. Since coming to power in 2012, Xi has often visited homes in the countryside and makes checks to see if the locals use pit toilets, besides stressing that village modernization requires sanitary toilets, Xinhua said. In a course-setting speech to a meeting of the ruling Communist Party in October, Xi redefined the  principal contradiction  facing Chinese society for the first time since 1981, saying the current need was not just for more growth, but more equal growth to satisfy people s desire for a  nice life . China s tourism industry has upgraded 68,000 toilets over the last three years, completing about 19 percent of the task, Xinhua said, in what it called  universally welcomed  renovations.  ",1
13808,"Indonesia says 40,000 evacuated from Bali volcano, more need to move","JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesia s disaster mitigation agency said 40,000 people had been evacuated from near Bali s erupting Mount Agung volcano, but tens of thousands still needed to move with an imminent large eruption warning issued on Monday.  We really ask people in the danger zone to evacuate immediately because there s a potential for a bigger eruption,  said Sutopo, a spokesman for Indonesia s disaster mitigation agency (BNPB).  He told a briefing that 40,000 people had evacuated out of around 90,000-100,000 residents estimated in the 8-10 km (5-6 miles) exclusion zone around Agung.  Not all residents have evacuated yet. There are those (who haven t evacuated) because their farm animals haven t been evacuated yet. There are those who feel they are safe,  he said, adding that security personnel were trying to persuade people to leave but they could be evacuated by force.  ",1
13809,Myanmar's Suu Kyi to visit China amid Western criticism over Rohingya exodus,"YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar s civilian leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, will soon visit Beijing, state media said on Monday, as the southeast Asian nation appears to draw closer to its northern neighbor, China, amid global criticism over an exodus of Rohingya refugees. Myanmar has bristled at pressure from Western nations over its armed forces  brutal response to August attacks on security posts by Rohingya Muslim militants in the western state of Rakhine. The United States and the United Nations have accused Myanmar of  ethnic cleansing  and called for the military to be held accountable over allegations of killings, rape and arson that sent more than 620,000 Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh. China, however, has backed what Myanmar officials call a legitimate counter-insurgency operation in Rakhine, and stepped in to prevent a resolution on the crisis at the U.N. Security Council. News of Suu Kyi s visit comes after Chinese President Xi Jinping and Chinese military leaders welcomed Myanmar s powerful army chief Min Aung Hlaing last week and pledged closer cooperation. The state-run daily Global New Light of Myanmar said Nobel Peace laureate Suu Kyi would  soon  depart to attend a Communist Party of China-hosted forum of world political leaders in Beijing.  Suu Kyi s spokesman Zaw Htay could not be reached for more details, but the meeting begins on Thursday and runs until Dec. 3, according to China s official news agency Xinhua.  Myanmar is in the international spotlight this week as Pope Francis makes the first visit by a head of the Roman Catholic church to the Buddhist-majority country. He has previously spoken out about the treatment of minority Muslims to whom Myanmar denies citizenship, but some Christians fear doing so in the country could provoke a backlash. Many in Myanmar refuse to recognize the name Rohingya, preferring to call them  Bengalis  to suggest they belong in neighboring Bangladesh. ",1
13810,Bali airport's closure due to volcano has affected 445 flights: operator,"JAKARTA (Reuters) - The closure of I Gusti Ngurah Rai airport on the Indonesian island of Bali due to a volcanic eruption has affected 445 flights, including 196 international routes, its operator said on Monday. PT Angkasa Pura, the operator, has prepared five alternative airports for airlines to divert their inbound flights, including ones in neighboring provinces, it said in a statement. Bali airport s official website showed flights operated by Singapore Airlines, Sriwijaya, Garuda Indonesia, Tiger Air, Malaysian Airlines and Jetstar had been canceled. ",1
13811,Zimbabwe's Mugabe 'glowed' with relief after he quit: priest,"CHISHAWASHA, Zimbabwe (Reuters) - Robert Mugabe s face  glowed  with relief when he agreed to step down as Zimbabwe s president last week under pressure from the military and his party after 37 years in power, the priest who mediated his resignation said on Sunday. Father Fidelis Mukonori, a Jesuit priest who is a close Mugabe friend, laughed off a report by the privately owned Standard newspaper that Mugabe cried and lamented the betrayal by close lieutenants when he agreed to resign.   When he finished his signature his face just glowed, no weeping unless there were angels weeping somewhere,  Mukonori told Reuters after mass at the Chishawasha Catholic mission just outside the capital Harare.  For me it was a sign that he was accepting that  ah this is done , he is relieved, not that he is aggrieved but relieved.  He said Mugabe realized it was the end of the road two days before he resigned, when he saw 60,000 Zimbabweans protesting and demanding he quit at the Harare grounds where he was inaugurated as prime minister in 1980.  His signed resignation letter was read out on Tuesday, as parliament heard a motion to impeach him. Sources have told Reuters Mugabe was defiant when he met army top brass on Nov. 16 - which was the start of an extraordinary five-day standoff between Mugabe and Zimbabwe s supreme law on one side, and the military who had seized power, his party and Zimbabwe s people on the other. The 93-year-old president finally accepted defeat only after he was sacked by his ZANU-PF party and faced the ignominy of impeachment.  Mugabe s fall after 37 years in power was spurred by a battle to succeed him that pitted his former deputy Emmerson Mnangagwa, who had stood by him for 52 years, and Mugabe s wife Grace, who is 52.     Mnangagwa was sworn in as president on Friday and all eyes now are on whether he will name a broad-based government or select figures from Mugabe s era. Mukonori said Mugabe had wanted a gradual and smooth transition of power to Mnangagwa, whom he had fired as vice president two weeks ago, but this was thwarted after Mnangagwa failed to immediately return from exile in South Africa. The Standard newspaper, which has been critical of Mugabe and his government over the years, urged Mnangagwa to  walk the talk on graft . At his swearing in ceremony, Mnangagwa said he valued democracy, tolerance and the rule of law and would tackle corruption. He has also urged citizens not to undertake  vengeful retribution . The new government is already moving to bring some of Mugabe and his wife s close associates to court. Former finance minister Ignatius Chombo faced magistrates on Saturday on corruption charges. He did not enter a plea.  Chombo was among several members of a group allied to Grace who were detained and expelled from the ZANU-PF after the military seized power in  Operation Restore Legacy  which it said was meant to remove the  criminals  around Mugabe.  Chombo, who told the court he was forcibly removed from his home on Nov. 15 by armed men in military uniform, was detained until Monday when his bail application will be heard. He was led away in leg irons together with ousted head of the ZANU-PF s influential youth league Kudzanai Chipanga. ",1
13812,Honduran leader Hernandez declares himself victor in presidential vote,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez, a U.S. ally from the center-right National Party, on Sunday cited exit polls to declare himself winner of the poor Central American nation s election, despite the opposition saying it too had won. ",1
13813,Castro ally and intellectual Armando Hart dead at 87,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Armando Hart, who headed the Cuban revolution s literacy campaign and served for decades as education and then culture minister under Fidel Castro, died on Sunday from respiratory failure at age 87, Cuban state media reported. Hart, a Marxist intellectual and lawyer, who fought in the urban underground and was imprisoned during the last year of the revolution against U.S.-backed dictator Fulgencio Batista, was married to Haydee Santamaria until 1980, a heroine of the revolution and one of its most important female figures. They had two children, both of whom died in an automobile accident in 2008. Hart was also a member of the Communist Party Political Bureau and the Council of State for many years, the two most powerful executive bodies in Cuba. In 1997, Hart became director of the national center to preserve the memory and works of Jose Marti, the country s most venerated figure, a position he held up to his death. ",1
13814,Honduras president with strong lead in TV station's election exit poll,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - An exit poll by a Honduran TV channel gave a strong lead to President Juan Orlando Hernandez, a staunch U.S. ally of the center-right National Party, after polling stations closed in the poor Central American nation s election on Sunday. The Channel 5 exit poll gave Hernandez 43.93 percent of the vote, with Salvador Nasralla, who helms a broad left-right coalition called the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship, trailing on 34.70 percent.  The Honduras election tribunal is due to give its first official count later in the evening.  ",1
13815,Beijing kindergartens get permanent inspectors after abuse scandal: Xinhua,"SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Beijing will hire permanent inspectors to provide oversight at every one of its kindergartens following child abuse allegations at a facility run by the New York-listed RYB Education, state news agency Xinhua said late on Sunday. The Beijing Municipal Education Commission said educational inspectors stationed at kindergartens throughout the city will submit reports on safety, sanitation and management to a central database, according to the Xinhua report. It said safety checks are currently underway and kindergartens will be ordered to make immediate improvements should problems be found. RYB Education said late on Saturday it had fired the head of one of its kindergartens as well as a 22-year-old female teacher following allegations that children were abused. Xinhua reported earlier that police were checking allegations that children were  reportedly sexually molested, pierced by needles and given unidentified pills .  The scandal has sparked outrage throughout China and RYB s New York-listed shares plunged 38.4 percent on Friday. ",1
13816,Searchers for Argentine submarine defy gale force winds on 11th day,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Searchers for an Argentine submarine missing since Nov. 15 battled gale-force South Atlantic winds on Sunday while a navy spokesman held out hope that the 44 crew members may still be alive in an  extreme survival situation.  The ARA San Juan had only a seven-day supply of air when it reported its last position, according to officials. Relatives of crew members focused on the possibility that the submarine may have been able to rise high enough in the ocean to refill its oxygen tanks at some point after its disappearance. Argentina s official weather service ordered an alert for  intense winds of between 50 and 90 kilometers per hour (31 and 56 mph), with gusts,  in Chubut province, the location from which search vessels were sailing.  The bad weather conditions really are adverse,  navy spokesman Enrique Balbi told a news conference.  Asked by a reporter about the chances that the crew may still be alive, Balbi left that as a possibility.  We ve been searching for 11 days but that does not remove the chance that they could still be in an extreme survival situation,  Balbi said. The U.S. Navy s Undersea Rescue Command sent a ship from Chubut s port Comodoro Rivadavia on Sunday, outfitted with a remotely operated mini-sub to be used as a rescue vehicle if the San Juan is found. The ship was expected to reach the search zone some 430 kilometers (267 miles) off Argentina s southern  coast by Monday afternoon. A sudden, violent sound detected underwater near the last known position of the 65-meter-long (213 feet) diesel-electric submarine suggested it might have imploded on the morning of Nov. 15th, after reporting an electrical problem and being ordered back to base. Oscar Vallejos, a naval veteran and father of San Juan crew member Celso Vallejos, told local television that he refused to believe his son would not return alive.  Hope always high,  said the burly Vallejos, his posture  ramrod straight and eyes hidden behind sunglasses. A black baseball-style cap identified him as a navy war veteran.  Other crew family members were less sure.  We are in a state of total uncertainty,  Maria Victoria Morales, mother of Luis Garcia, an electrical technician aboard the missing Cold War-era submarine, told Reuters by telephone. A Russian plane arrived in Argentina on Friday carrying search equipment capable of reaching 6,000 meters (20,000 feet) below the sea surface, according to the Argentine navy. The international search effort includes about 30 ships and planes manned by 4,000 personnel from 13 countries including Brazil, Chile and Great Britain. ",1
13817,"Speaker's arrest puts Indonesia parliament in graft spotlight, again","JAKARTA (Reuters) - Implicated in five corruption scandals since the 1990s but never convicted, the speaker of Indonesia s parliament Setya Novanto is a political survivor. Last week Novanto was detained by anti-corruption investigators over the biggest graft scandal to hit Indonesia s legislature. The 62-year-old political powerbroker was defiant, denying any wrongdoing and urging parliament and the political party he leads not to unseat him. His lawyer, Fredrich Yunadi, expressed confidence that Novanto would be cleared.   In every court we always win,  Yunadi told Reuters. But the latest allegations against Novanto have reinforced the perception among Indonesians that their parliament, long regarded as riddled with entrenched corruption, is a failing institution. Politicians and analysts say that is unlikely to change, whatever the outcome of the case.  Before Setya Novanto, there were many, many MPs who were put in jail and it didn t have an effect,  said Eva Sundari, a member of parliament from the PDI-P party, which sits in the ruling coalition alongside Novanto s Golkar. A Corruption Eradication Commission, known by its Indonesian initials KPK, was established in 2002 after the demise of  authoritarian president Suharto. Fiercely independent and able to wiretap suspects without a warrant, it has been a thorn in the side of the country s establishment. But Bob Lowry, an Indonesia analyst at the Australian Institute of International Affairs, said that - the KPK aside - there has never been a systemic approach to tackling corruption that he says runs through all layers of government and politics.  You are not dealing with individuals, you are dealing with an entire structure and culture.  he said. Novanto is accused of orchestrating a scheme to plunder $173 million, or almost 40 percent of the entire budget for the project, from a government contract to introduce a national electronic identity card. Novanto denies any wrongdoing, writing a letter to other parliament leaders after he was detained asking them to  give me an opportunity to prove that I wasn t involved . According to an indictment filed against Novanto s alleged bagman, businessman Andi Agustinus, they stood to be personally enriched to the tune of $42 million. Agustinus has not yet commented on the allegations or entered any plea. He is due to appear in court this week to answer the charges. The rest of the money was funneled to as many as 60 lawmakers, as well as officials, party chiefs, parliamentary staffers and tenderers, according to the KPK, which alleges some of the cash was brazenly divided up in parliamentary meeting rooms. In August a witness in the probe, a U.S.-based consultant to a company that won a contract to supply biometric technology for the identity cards - ironically aimed, in part, at curbing graft - shot himself after a stand-off with police in Los Angeles. Before his death, Johannes Marliem told KPK officers about meeting Novanto at his Jakarta home in 2011, according to a declaration to a court in Minnesota by a Federal Bureau of Investigation special agent, at which the parliament speaker negotiated a  discount  under which he and Agustinus would get a 40 percent share of a contract worth more than $50 million. Marliem is also alleged to have said he had brought Novanto a $135,000 Richard Mille watch and showed the agent a photo of Novanto wearing it. A consummate political operator, Novanto is a key link between parliament and the government of President Joko Widodo, who is expected to seek re-election in 2019, said Hugo Brennan, Asia analyst at risk consultancy Verisk Maplecroft. He gained a measure of international prominence in September 2015 when Donald Trump, then a U.S. presidential candidate, hailed him as  an amazing man  at a news conference in Trump Tower in New York. Two months later he resigned from the speaker s post after a recording of a meeting emerged in which he was alleged to have attempted to extort $4 billion of shares from the U.S. mining giant Freeport McMoRan. The case got blanket media coverage and hearings were televised live. Within a year, however, Novanto was speaker again after the Constitutional Court ruled the recording inadmissible. Novanto s detention last week came after months of declining to answer summonses for questioning by the KPK. The allegations have once more gripped Indonesia, with newspaper front pages splashing the story and memes mocking Novanto trending on social media. Indonesia was ranked last year at 90 out of 176 countries on Transparency International s corruption perception index. The watchdog has singled out parliament as Indonesia s most corrupt institution, and in July called on President Widodo to protect the KPK against attempts by the legislature to weaken the commission s powers. Critics inside and outside the parliament say the root problem is money politics, which is underpinned by an open-ticket electoral system and campaign financing laws.  These laws allow only tiny amounts of public funding, and do not require public disclosure of individual donors, which some lawmakers say perpetuates a system of funding from illicit sources and financial patronage for favors. The open-ticket voting system encourages candidates to spread largesse to voters and community leaders and then recoup the expenditure if they reach parliament, says the PDI-P s Sundari. Lawmaker Aryo Djojohadikusumo told Reuters that, with members of parliament holding the power to micromanage and approve the budgets of individual projects,  the temptation to engage in pork-barrel politics is extremely high . However, he believes that parliament s reputation as corrupt has been magnified by the KPK s zeal in going after politicians, who make more headlines than low-level bureaucrats. Critics say many members of parliament are so focused on raising money for future campaigns and personal enrichment that the legislature is not doing its job. According to watchdog Concerned Citizens for the Indonesian Legislature (Formappi), lawmakers in Southeast Asia s biggest economy have ratified just five of 50 priority bills this year.  If you want to see Indonesia free of corruption,  Fahri Hamzah, one of parliament s vice speakers, told Reuters,  you have to start tackling the political financing.  ",1
13818,Merkel's CDU agrees to pursue grand coalition in Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Leaders of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative party agreed on Sunday to pursue a  grand coalition  with the Social Democrats (SPD) to break the political deadlock in Europe s biggest economy.  Merkel, whose fourth term was plunged into doubt a week ago when three-way coalition talks with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and Greens collapsed, was handed a political lifeline by the SPD on Friday. Under intense pressure to preserve stability and avoid new elections, the SPD reversed its position and agreed to talk to Merkel, raising the prospect of a new grand coalition, which has ruled for the past four years, or a minority government.  We have the firm intention of having an effective government,  Daniel Guenther, conservative premier of the state of Schleswig Holstein, told reporters after a four-hour meeting of leading members of Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU).  We firmly believe that this is not a minority government but that it is an alliance with a parliamentary majority. That is a grand coalition,  he said. The meeting came after the conservative state premier of Bavaria threw his weight behind a new right-left tie-up.  An alliance of the conservatives and SPD is the best option for Germany - better anyway than a coalition with the Free Democrats and Greens, new elections or a minority government,  Horst Seehofer, head of the Bavarian CSU, told Bild am Sonntag. An Emnid poll also showed on Sunday that 52 percent of Germans backed a grand coalition. Several European leaders have emphasised the importance of getting a stable German government in place quickly so the bloc can discuss its future, including proposals by French President Emmanuel Macron on euro zone reforms and Brexit. Merkel, who made clear on Saturday she would pursue a grand coalition, says that an acting government under her leadership can do business until a new coalition is formed. The youth wing of Merkel s conservatives raised pressure on the parties to get a deal done by Christmas, saying if there was no deal, the conservatives should opt for a minority government. In an indication, however, that the process will take time, the CDU agreed on Sunday evening to delay a conference in mid-December that had been due to vote on the three-way coalition. The SPD premier of the state of Lower Saxony said he feared there was no way a decision would be reached this year.  It is a long path for the SPD,  said Stephan Weil on ARD television. Merkel is against going down the route of a minority government because of its inherent instability, but pundits have said one possibility is for the conservatives and Greens to form a minority government with informal SPD support. The Greens have said they are open to a minority government.  Even before any talks get under way, the two blocs have started to spar over policy priorities. Merkel, whose conservatives won most parliamentary seats in a Sept. 24 vote but bled support to the far right, has said she wants to maintain sound finances in Germany, cut some taxes and invest in digital infrastructure. She has to keep Bavaria s CSU on board by sticking to a tougher migrant policy that may also help win back conservatives who switched to the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD).  The SPD needs a platform for its policies after its poorest election showing since 1933. Leading SPD figures have outlined conditions including investment in education and homes, changes in health insurance and no cap on asylum seekers. Most experts believe the SPD has the stronger hand and several prominent economists said they expected the SPD to wield significant influence in a new grand coalition.  If there is a grand coalition or even if there is toleration (of a minority government) I would expect more emphasis on the SPD s programme,  Clemens Fuest, president of the Ifo institute, told business newspaper Handelsblatt.  That would mean higher state spending and smaller tax cuts than would have been agreed with other potential partners. The SPD is divided, with some members arguing that a grand coalition has had its day.  The SPD premier of the state of Rhineland Palatinate, Malu Dreyer, said she preferred the idea of the SPD  tolerating  a minority government over a grand coalition, making clear that the party would not agree to a deal at any price. ",1
13819,Egypt court frees 17 accused of inciting debauchery: sources,"CAIRO (Reuters) - A Cairo court on Sunday released 17 people arrested last month during a crackdown by the authorities on homosexuality, judicial sources said.  They had been charged with practicing homosexuality and inciting debauchery and were sentenced to three years in prison should they fail to pay a fine of 5,000 Egyptian pounds ($285). The defendants have been given leave to appeal against the sentence in a higher court.  Although homosexuality is not specifically outlawed in Egypt it is a conservative society and discrimination is rife. Gay men are frequently arrested and typically charged with debauchery, immorality or blasphemy. In October Egyptian security forces arrested 57 people in a wave of arrests triggered by the raising of a rainbow flag at a music concert. The overwhelming majority of those arrested were not involved in the flag incident, however, and were arrested over their perceived sexual orientation in the following days. ",1
13820,Thousands of Romanians rally against ruling party's judicial overhaul,"BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Romanians rallied in the capital Bucharest and dozens of other cities on Sunday, protesting against a widely criticized plan by the ruling Social Democrats to overhaul the judiciary. The PSD-led coalition, which holds a robust majority in parliament, is drafting an overhaul that the European Commission, foreign diplomats and thousands of magistrates have criticized as placing the justice system under political control, potentially weakening an anti-corruption drive.  A special parliamentary commission started debating the bill last week, with the ruling party aiming to have it approved by the end of the year. The commission is headed by Florin Iordache, who resigned as justice minister in February after a decree on corruption that he drafted triggered the biggest street protests since the 1989 anti-communist Romanian revolution. That decree, which was eventually rescinded, would have effectively shielded dozens of public officials from prosecution for corruption.   Thieves, Thieves,  shouted thousands of protesters in front of the government s headquarters on Sunday.  We want justice, not corruption. PSD is the red plague.   An estimated 30,000 people marched to parliament in Bucharest, while roughly 20,000 held rallies in about 70 cities.  How do you trust wolves to make laws at the sheepfold,  former technocrat prime minister Dacian Ciolos said on his Facebook page before going to the protests in Bucharest. The most contested judicial changes include those to an inspection unit that oversees magistrates  conduct, the way in which chief prosecutors are appointed and the president s right to veto candidates. Romanian prosecutors have investigated hundreds of public officials, including former prime ministers, in an anti-corruption drive over the past decade.  Transparency International ranks Romania among the European Union s most corrupt states, though Brussels has praised magistrates for their efforts. Prosecutors froze personal assets belonging to the leader of the PSD, Liviu Dragnea, this month as part of an investigation into suspected theft of cash from state projects, some of them Brussels-funded. Dragnea has denied any wrongdoing. In a report published on Nov. 15, the European Commission said that justice reform has stagnated in Romania this year and challenges to judicial independence remain a persistent source of concern. ",1
13821,Militants kill Egyptian U.N. peacekeeper in Central African Republic,"DAKAR (Reuters) - Suspected Christian militias killed an Egyptian U.N. peacekeeper and wounded three others in an attack in southern Central African Republic on Sunday, the United Nations said in a statement.  The attack, which the United Nations said was carried out by anti-balaka militants, occurred in Gambo, about 100 km (60 miles) from the town of Bangassou where more than 100 civilians and three Moroccan peacekeepers were killed in separate incidents in May and July.  Conflict has killed thousands in Central African Republic since Muslim Seleka rebels ousted President Francois Bozize in 2013, provoking a backlash from the Christian anti-balaka militia.  Violence spiked when former colonial power France ended its peacekeeping mission last year.  Since then, the United Nations  13,000-strong Central African Republic mission, known as MINUSCA, has struggled to restore order to a country where government control barely extends beyond the capital Bangui.  In total, 13 MINUSCA peacekeepers have been killed in the country this year alone.  Five militants were also killed during Sunday s clash, the United Nations said.  ",1
13822,Egypt attack to spur on Saudi-backed Muslim military alliance: crown prince,"RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s powerful Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said on Sunday an attack on an Egyptian mosque that killed more than 300 worshippers would galvanize an Islamic military coalition that aimed to counter  terrorism and extremism . Top defense officials from 40 Muslim-majority nation s met in Riyadh on Sunday. They are part of an alliance gathered together two years ago by Prince Mohammed, who is also Saudi defense minister.  The crown prince has said he would encourage a more moderate and tolerant version of Islam in the ultra-conservative kingdom. Prince Mohamed told delegates that Friday s attack in Egypt  was a very painful occurrence and must make us contemplate in an international and powerful way the role of this terrorism and extremism . Gunmen carrying the flag of Islamic State attacked the mosque in North Sinai. The group of Muslim nations, called the Islamic Military Counter Terrorism Coalition, has yet to take any decisive action. Officials say the group would allow members to request or offer assistance to each other to fight militants. This could include military help, financial aid, equipment or security expertise. The group, which will have a permanent base in Riyadh, would also help combat terrorist financing and ideology.  The biggest threat from terrorism and extremism is not only killing innocent people and spreading hate, but tarnishing the reputation of our religion and distorting our belief,  Prince Mohammed told officials from the Middle East, Africa and Asia. Iraq and Syria, at the forefront of the battle against Islamic State, are not members, nor is mainly Shi ite Muslim Iran, the regional rival to mostly Sunni Saudi Arabia. Qatar, originally part of the alliance, was not invited to Sunday s meeting after Riyadh led a group of states seeking to isolate Doha, saying it supported terrorism. Doha denies this. Abdulelah al-Saleh, a Saudi lieutenant general and the coalition s secretary general, said Qatar was excluded to help build a consensus for launching operations. He also said the group was not aimed at creating a Sunni bloc to counter Iran.  The enemy is terrorism. It s not sects or religions or races, its terrorism,  Saleh told reporters. Saleh said military initiatives had been proposed to the group s ministerial council, but he did not elaborate. Despite agreement on principles, members voiced different priorities at the meeting. Yemen s delegation said the focus should be Iran, al Qaeda and Islamic State, while Turkey called for  support from our friends  against Kurdish separatists. Critics say the coalition could become a means for Saudi Arabia to implement an even more assertive foreign policy by winning the backing of poorer African and Asian nations with offers of financial and military aid. Alongside leading a diplomatic charge against Qatar, Saudi Arabia is also leading a war against Iran-aligned Houthi rebels in its neighbor Yemen,  Saleh said Riyadh would pay the 400 million riyal ($107 million) bill for the coalition s new center, but said other nations could offer financial support for specific initiatives. ",1
13823,Factbox: Proposals of main parties in Honduras presidential election,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Hondurans vote on Sunday in a presidential election that many expect to result in a second term for the current U.S.-friendly leader, eight years after he supported a coup against a former president who also floated the idea of re-election. Polls suggest Juan Orlando Hernandez, of the center-right National Party, will clinch a divisive second term and see off television host Salvador Nasralla, who helms a broad left-right coalition called the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship. Below are the candidates  main proposals: Juan Orlando Hernandez - A former head of Congress who studied at the State University of New York and Honduras  military academy, the 49-year-old Hernandez enjoys good rapport with White House Chief of Staff John Kelly and is seen as a reliable U.S. ally in Central America. - Hernandez has managed to lower the murder rate and raise growth, while expanding his influence into the furthest reaches of the Honduran government.  - Critics say that Hernandez, who was born in a humble, rural family of 17 siblings, has stifled dissent and is seeking to consolidate power. U.S. government officials say they want him to quickly revitalize stalled legislation to place a cap on presidential limits and assuage fears he will not cede power.  - With his slogan that  Change has begun, and should continue,  Hernandez says he will keep up his militarized fight against the gangs that have turned the Central American nation into one of the world s most violent. - Hernandez says a so-called Honduras 20/20 plan will help lure investment in textiles, call centers and car manufacturing and lift growth. Hernandez wants to push ahead with special economic zones, a project that has so far yielded few concrete results. He says his policies will create 600,000 new jobs in the next four years. Salvador Nasralla - A colorful 64-year-old sports and talent TV show host descended from Lebanese immigrants, Nasralla promises to put an end to years of violence, poverty and graft. - Nasralla s Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship coalition includes the Liberty and Refoundation Party (LIBRE), which is controlled by ousted former President Manuel Zelaya, who many believe is the true force behind the coalition. - A non-traditional political figure who has benefited from his entertainment background to build support among those disenchanted by business-as-usual Honduran politics, Nasralla trailed Hernandez by 15 points in the last permitted poll before the election, which took place in September. - Nasralla says he will ask the United Nations to install an anti-graft body, similar to one operating in Guatemala, to probe and bring charges in corruption cases. Nasralla would maintain the Military Police, created by Hernandez, but wants to found a community police force to work in violent slums. He would also continue the purge of the national police, while hiring up to 25,000 new officers. - Plans for the economy are vague, but the coalition has proposed lowering sales tax and slashing a Hernandez-imposed corporate levy that has enraged the private sector. The Alliance has proposed a referendum on how the current Constitution should be rewritten, either by Congress or by a new national assembly. It also wants a referendum on stripping the powers of the Supreme Court, which it accuses of being pliant to Hernandez.  ",1
13824,Candidates and what's at stake in Honduras presidential election,"TEGUCIGALPA (Reuters) - Hondurans voted on Sunday in a presidential election that many expect to result in a second term for the current U.S.-friendly leader, eight years after he supported a coup against a former president who also floated the idea of reelection. Based on recent polls, Juan Orlando Hernandez, of the center-right National Party, looks set to profit from a 2015 Supreme Court decision that overturned a constitutional ban on reelection. He is running against television host Salvador Nasralla, who helms a broad left-right coalition called the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship. Below are the candidates  main proposals: Juan Orlando Hernandez - A former head of Congress who studied at the State University of New York and Honduras  military academy, Hernandez, 49, enjoys a good rapport with White House Chief of Staff John Kelly and is seen as a reliable U.S. ally in Central America. - Hernandez has managed to lower the murder rate and raise growth while expanding his influence into the furthest reaches of the Honduran government.  - Critics say Hernandez, who was born in a humble, rural family of 17 siblings, has stifled dissent and is seeking to consolidate power. U.S. government officials say they want him to revitalize stalled legislation to place a cap on presidential term limits and assuage fears he will not cede power.  - With his slogan  Change has begun and should continue,  Hernandez says he will keep up his militarized fight against the gangs that have turned the Central American nation into one of the world s most violent. - Hernandez says his Honduras 20/20 plan will help lure investment in textiles, call centers and car manufacturing and lift growth. He wants to push ahead with special economic zones, a project that has so far yielded few concrete results. He says his policies will create 600,000 new jobs in the next four years. Salvador Nasralla - A colorful 64-year-old sports and talent TV show host descended from Lebanese immigrants, Nasralla promises to put an end to years of violence, poverty and graft. - Nasralla s Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship coalition includes the Liberty and Refoundation Party, or LIBRE. It is controlled by ousted former President Manuel Zelaya, who many believe is the true force behind the coalition. - A non-traditional political figure who has benefited from his entertainment background to build support among those disenchanted by business-as-usual Honduran politics, Nasralla trailed Hernandez by 15 points in a September poll, the last permitted before the election. - Nasralla says he will ask the United Nations to install an anti-graft body, similar to one operating in Guatemala, to probe and bring charges in corruption cases. He would maintain the Military Police created by Hernandez but wants to start a community police force to work in violent slums. He would also continue firing corrupt national police officers, while hiring up to 25,000 new officers. - Plans for the economy are vague, but the coalition has proposed lowering the sales tax and slashing a Hernandez-imposed corporate levy that has enraged the private sector.  - The Alliance has proposed a referendum on how the current Constitution should be rewritten, either by Congress or by a new national assembly. It also wants a referendum on stripping the powers of the Supreme Court, which it accuses of being pliant to Hernandez.  ",1
13825,Cuba holds municipal elections on road to Castro eras end,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba took another step on Sunday toward the end of the Castro era, with millions of residents placing paper ballots in cardboard boxes for ward delegates to municipal assemblies. The vote comes the day after the first anniversary of revolutionary leader Fidel Castro s death and precedes another election early next year for provincial and national assembly deputies. The new national assembly, where 50 percent of the deputies must be ward delegates elected on Sunday, is expected on Feb. 24 to select a new president to replace Raul Castro, Fidel s 86-year-old younger brother, who has said he will step down after serving two five-year terms. The Castro brothers have headed the government since the 1959 revolution. Raul Castro will remain head of the Communist Party until 2021, the only legal party in Cuba. Nearly 27,000 candidates are running for 12,515 ward positions in Sunday s election, the only part of the electoral process that is contested publicly and with direct participation by ordinary Cubans. The results will be announced on Monday. The candidates for the provincial and national assemblies are nominated by commissions composed of representatives of Communist Party-controlled organizations, such as the trade union federation, then presented as a slate for a public vote. Those slates have had the same number of names as seats in previous elections. Fifty percent of those names must be ward delegates. The electoral cycle comes at a tricky time for the Caribbean nation as the revolutionary generation passes, an economic reform program appears stalled, aid from key ally Venezuela shrinks, and the Trump administration threatens. Yet candidates debated none of these issues before Sunday s vote. First Vice President Miguel Diaz-Canel, who is expected to succeed Castro, lauded the electoral process and refused to speculate about his future.  Today is a day to talk about what we are doing and Fidel,  he told reporters after casting his ballot. Asked about relations with the United States, he said Cuba remained interested in improving them, but reiterated its position that negotiations would have to be based on mutual respect and equality and without dictates.  The future depends on them, not us,  he said. Campaigning is prohibited in Cuba, and candidates for the ward posts were nominated at neighborhood meetings based on their personal merits, not policy positions. They need not belong to the Communist Party, and many candidates are independents, but only a few government opponents have ever competed.  I am happy to vote, but I must say, like most young people I do not think it makes any difference,  said a young woman, who requested anonymity because she holds an important government job. She added that there was an ongoing discussion on how to reform the electoral process and make government more responsive. This year a coalition of opposition groups ran more than 160 pre-candidates, but most were blocked by state security from nomination meetings, and none are running on Sunday. ",1
13826,"Italy's 5-Star, stung by fake news claims, calls for OSCE election monitors","ROME (Reuters) - Italy s anti-establishment 5-Star Movement wants international observers to monitor next year s national election campaign to help ward off  fake news , party leader Luigi Di Maio said on Sunday. His comments came after the ruling Democratic Party (PD) accused 5-Star supporters of using interlinked internet accounts to spread misinformation and smear the center-left government. Di Maio, who was elected 5-Star leader in September, said his party was often misrepresented by the traditional media and said the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) should oversee the forthcoming election.  The problem of fake news exists and we think it is necessary to have the OSCE monitor news and political debate during the election campaign,  Di Maio said on Facebook. Such a request is unlikely to gain traction with 5-Star s opponents, who allege that the maverick group is to blame for some of the most egregious smear campaigns. Last week unofficial Facebook accounts that back 5-Star published a photograph purportedly showing a close ally of PD leader Matteo Renzi attending the funeral of Mafia boss Salvatore Riina. In fact it was a photo taken in 2016 at the funeral of a murdered migrant.  Di Maio says he wants to call up OSCE monitors. Why doesn t he call up U.N. peacekeepers and the Red Cross, and while he is at it, why not telephone (his associates) who are continuing to post this filth,  Renzi told a conference on Sunday. The sharing of false or misleading headlines and mass postings by automated social media  bots  has become a global issue, with accusations that Russia tried to influence votes in the United States and France. Moscow has denied this. Some PD leaders called this weekend for legislation ahead of the elections, which are due by May, to crack down on the spread of false news. Renzi ruled that out on Sunday, but said his party would release twice-monthly reports on web abuses.  We do not want to shut down any website, but we want accountability,  Renzi said. The 5-Star party complains that it is unfairly treated by mainstream media, saying state broadcaster RAI is under the sway of the government, while the largest private media group is controlled by the family of former center-right prime minister Silvio Berlusconi. Italy s leading newspapers, which are owned by large industrial concerns, have also been highly critical of 5-Star, which has promised a campaign against corruption and is seen as unfriendly to big business. Latest polls show 5-Star has built a stable lead over other parties, with support of around 28 percent against 24 percent for the PD and 15 percent for Forza Italia. A new electoral law which encourages coalition building ahead of the vote, means Berlusconi s center-right bloc should emerge as the single largest political force, albeit without a clear parliamentary majority.  ",1
13827,Irish PM 'doing everything he can' to avoid election: spokesman,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar  is doing everything he can  to avoid a snap general election, his spokesman said, but the crisis that has brought his minority government to the brink showed no obvious sign of resolution on Sunday.     Varadkar has two days to end the standoff with the party propping up his government before it submits a motion of no confidence in his deputy prime minister, a move that Varadkar says will force him to call a snap election before Christmas.  The crisis has erupted less than three weeks before a summit on Britain s plans to leave the European Union, where Ireland will play a major role in deciding whether the negotiations can move onto the next phase. Talks between Varadkar and Micheal Martin, the leader of the main opposition party, Fianna Fail, will continue on Sunday ahead of Martin bringing the motion of no confidence in Deputy Prime Minister Frances Fitzgerald before parliament on Tuesday.  The Taoiseach (prime minister) is doing everything he can to avoid an election, and hopes it will be possible to reach agreement with Micheal Martin,  Varadkar s spokesman said in a statement on Sunday. The spokesman added that there was no question of Fitzgerald being asked to resign over her handling of a legal case involving a police whistleblower. Fianna Fail say this is the only way to avoid an election. The Sunday Times newspaper reported that the leaders agreed the outline of a deal that would allow an ongoing judge-led tribunal to investigate the issue but that sources in Varadkar s Fine Gael party said an election was unavoidable if Fianna Fail continued to call for Fitzgerald to step down. Varadkar is due to play a major role in the Dec. 14-15 EU summit on Brexit, telling fellow leaders whether Dublin believes sufficient progress has been made on the future border between EU-member Ireland and Britain s province of Northern Ireland. The government has said enough progress has not been made to date and Ireland s EU Commissioner Phil Hogan said on Sunday that Dublin would  continue to play tough  over its threat to veto talks. The border is one of three issues Brussels wants broadly resolved before it decides whether to move the talks on to a second phase about trade and EU officials have said a snap election in Ireland would complicate that task. Bosses at a number of Ireland s top companies were quoted by the Sunday Business Post as telling the parties to step back from the brink.  This thing of bringing the country to a standstill at a critical time is just unacceptable,  Dalata Hotel Group (DHG.I) chief executive Pat McCann told the newspaper. Politicians say they also know there is no appetite among voters for an election just 18 months after the last one and an opinion poll on Saturday suggested there would be little change with another minority administration the most likely outcome. ",1
13828,No Irish border deal before EU trade agreement: British minister,"LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will not resolve the question of the Irish border after Brexit until it has also agreed the outline of a trade deal with the European Union, the country s International Trade Minister Liam Fox said on Sunday. The EU has said  sufficient progress  needs to be made on the border between the Republic and Northern Ireland, along with two other key issues, before EU leaders meeting at a summit on Dec. 14-15 can approve the opening of trade talks next year. However, Fox said it would be very difficult to address the issue of the border while Britain s relationship with the EU after Brexit remains unclear.  We don t want there to be a hard border but the United Kingdom is going to be leaving the customs union and the single market,  he told Sky News.  We can t get a final answer to the Irish question until we get an idea of the end state, and until we get into discussions with the European Union on the end state that will be very difficult.    Dublin wants a written guarantee that there will be no hard border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. Earlier on Sunday Ireland s EU commissioner said Dublin would  continue to play tough  over its threat to veto talks about trade after Brexit unless Britain provided guarantees over the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic. Phil Hogan, the EU s agricultural commissioner, said that Britain, or Northern Ireland at least, should remain in the single market and the customs union to avoid a hard border dividing the island.  If the UK or Northern Ireland remained in the EU customs union, or better still the single market, there would be no border issue,  he told the Observer newspaper. Irish and EU officials say the best way to avoid a  hard border  - which could include passport and customs controls - is to keep regulations the same north and south, but the Northern Irish party that is propping up May s government will oppose any deal that sees the province operate under different regulations to the rest of the United kingdom.   We will not support any arrangements that create barriers to trade between Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom or any suggestion that Northern Ireland, unlike the rest of the UK, will have to mirror European regulations,  the Democratic Unionist leader Arlene Foster said on Saturday. Ruth Davidson, leader of the Conservatives in Scotland, said on Sunday that the Irish border was  one of the really difficult bits  of the negotiations. She said Britain s unique future position as the only country that had left the European Union meant its did not need an  off-the-shelf  solution, although she did not specify how the issue should be resolved. She said any delay in moving onto trade talks would have serious repercussions for businesses.  I think that it is really important that we get the transitional deal nailed down; that s not for government, that s for businesses so they know what they are doing next year and they are able to plan,  she said.  If we don t make it through in the next two weeks to move onto that next phase, then we are rapidly going to run out of time in terms of getting us to a good position at the time that transitional deal is supposed to take place.  ",1
13829,Islamic State raises stakes with Egypt mosque attack,"ISMAILIA, Egypt (Reuters) - The mosque was packed with hundreds of worshippers for Friday prayers in Egypt s North Sinai when gunmen in military-style uniforms and masks appeared in a doorway and at windows. The ease with which they mounted an attack - killing more than 300 people in the worst bloodshed of its kind in Egypt s modern history - highlighted the threat militant groups pose in the most populous Arab country.  After four years of battling Islamic State in the Sinai,     where the group has killed hundreds of soldiers and police,  authorities still face an enemy with growing ambitions in Egypt, despite its defeats in Iraq, Syria and Libya.     Carrying the black flag of Islamic State, the assailants arrived in off-road vehicles before opening fire on the cream-colored Al Rawdah mosque in Bir al-Abed, leaving its carpets stained with blood, officials and witnesses said.  People scrambled to escape as gunmen opened fire at worshippers, including dozens of children. By the time the shooting stopped, many of the village s men were lifeless. No group has claimed responsibility. Egyptians were stunned because the attack was directed at a mosque - a rarity in the country s history of Islamist insurgencies.  The possibility that ultra-hardline Islamists are shifting tactics and picking new targets is worrying for Egypt, where  governments have struggled to contain groups far less brazen than Islamic State. Egyptian leaders have adopted a zero-tolerance policy, with air strikes, raids on militant hideouts and long prison sentences.  President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has once again threatened to crush the militants.  The armed forces and the police will avenge our martyrs and restore security and stability with the utmost force in the coming period,  he said after Friday s carnage. Sisi has called for a comprehensive campaign to counter what he describes as the existential threat of radical jihadism, deploying moderate clerics to promote moderate Islam, for instance. He is expected to run for a second term early next year. Even with a convincing win, he will face pressure to deliver on promises of stability, especially if attacks like that on Al Rawdah persist. For Islamic State, the village was a target because of its ties to Sufism, a mystical form of Islam that hardline Islamist groups consider heretical. Some villagers recalled how these threats were made about a year ago in an Islamic State internet publication. In a December 2016 issue of al-Nabaa, one of the group s religious leaders left little doubt that Sufis would be targeted. It mentioned Al Rawdah directly.  Our primary focus lies in the war against polytheism and apostasy, and of those, Sufism, sorcery and divination,  he said. More threats were made in early 2017. In March, Islamic State s branch in the Sinai posted a video of its religious police forcing a group of Sufis to renounce their beliefs under threat of death.  It showed what it said were militants beheading two elderly Sufi men in the desert after they were found guilty of witchcraft and sorcery. Egypt has about 15 million Sufis, and their shrines and saints appear in villages across the country.  Ultra-conservative Salafists abhor Sufi practices and some have in the past threatened to smash their symbols with hammers and iron bars.  Five police and army sources said there was no recent specific threat against Sufis in Al Rawdah. Friday s attack began in the early afternoon.  The mosque s imam said he had just stepped onto the podium for his sermon when gunfire erupted and worshippers struggled to escape.  I found people piled on top of each other and they kept firing at anyone,  imam Mohamed Abdel Fattah told Reuters from his hospital bed in Sharqiya city.  They fired at anyone who breathed.  Ramadan Salama, 26, said all he remembers before ending up in hospital was gunmen entering the mosque during the sermon and spraying worshippers with gunfire. As Egyptian security forces try to reassure an anxious public, they face yet another dangerous enemy.   A new group with military training is already posing a more complex threat. In October it mounted a sophisticated attack, not far from Cairo. The little-known Ansar al-Islam claimed responsibility for the attack on police in the Western desert, far from northern Sinai. Security sources said dozens of police officers and conscripts were killed. The government said 16 police and conscripts died.   Security sources said the heavy weapons and tactics employed indicated ties to Islamic State or more likely an al Qaeda brigade led by Hesham al-Ashmawy, a former Egyptian special forces officer turned jihadist. For now, security and intelligence officials will continue to hunt Ashmawy, described as the country s most wanted man.     Egypt s prosecutor s office, citing its investigation and interviews with wounded survivors, says gunmen carried an Islamic State flag as they stormed the Al Rawdah mosque. Authorities say 305 people, including 27 children, died as gunmen even attacked ambulances arriving on the scene. Another 128 were wounded.  They entered the mosque from outside, almost 10 to 20 people with weapons, and they destroyed everything,  said resident Magdy Rezk from hospital.  It was a huge toll for a tiny village. Tribal leader Ibrahim el-Menaie, told Reuters via social media that it has a population of only 800.  The whole village is black with mourning,  said resident Haj Ahmed Swailam. ",1
13830,Syrian government push for Damascus rebel enclave kills at least 23,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - An intensifying push by the Syrian government and allied forces to take the last major rebel stronghold near the capital Damascus killed at least 23 people on Sunday and injured many, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. The group said at least 127 people, including 30 children, have been killed by air strikes and shelling since the Syrian army backed by Russian jets began an offensive nearly two weeks ago to take the besieged rebel-held Eastern Ghouta area. Eastern Ghouta is one of several  de-escalation  zones across western Syria, where Russia has brokered deals to ease the fighting between rebels and President Bashar al-Assad s government. A Reuters witness said there had been drones in the sky since Sunday morning and warplanes had heavily bombarded the towns of Mesraba and Harasta. Heavy shelling also hit Eastern Ghouta and dozens had been injured.    Assad s forces have besieged Eastern Ghouta since 2012 and the area is suffering a humanitarian crisis.  Ghouta residents are so short of food that they are eating trash, fainting from hunger and forcing their children to eat on alternate days, the U.N. World Food Programme said in a report this week.      The opposition Eastern Ghouta Damascus Countryside local council said this week the escalating bombardment was forcing people to seek shelter in unsuitable and unsanitary places which it feared could lead to disease outbreaks.  A number of shells from the rebel enclave have hit government-held Damascus in the past two weeks.       Syria s six-year-old civil war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and forced millions to flee in the worst refugee crisis since World War Two.   U.N.-backed peace negotiations are due to begin in Geneva on Nov. 28. Several previous rounds of Geneva talks have failed to agree a political transition for Syria or a way to stop the violence.    Yahya Aridi, spokesman for the Syrian opposition Geneva delegation, said on Sunday it was now time for the Syrian government and the opposition to  get to the table and start talking about transition, from dictatorship to freedom  in Geneva. ",1
13831,Russian long-range bombers hit Islamic State targets in Syria: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Six Russian Tu-22M3 long-range bombers hit Islamic State targets in Syria s Deir al-Zor province on Sunday, Russian news agencies cited Russia s Defense Ministry as saying. The bombers that flew from an airfield in Russia hit  terrorist strongholds  in the valley of the Euphrates river, the agencies reported. ",1
13832,"Factbox: Merkel's conservatives, SPD set out policy lines for German coalition","(Reuters) - Momentum in Germany is building for a new  grand coalition  between Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative bloc and the Social Democrats (SPD) to end the political instability created by the collapse of her coalition talks with other parties. The conservatives and SPD have ruled together for the last four years and most ministers are keeping their posts in an interim government until a new coalition or minority government is formed. German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier hosts a first meeting of Merkel, the head of Bavaria s CSU conservatives, Horst Seehofer, and SPD leader Martin Schulz on Thursday.  Here are some of the overlaps and differences in policy areas likely to be discussed in any coalition talks. Merkel has stressed she wants to maintain Germany s solid finances. Germany has run a budget surplus since 2014 under the stewardship of her hardline conservative finance minister, Wolfgang Schaeuble. She has also said she wants some tax cuts, mainly for low and medium earners.  The SPD is far more focused on boosting spending and has in the last few days said it wants to increase investment in education and homes as well as on infrastructure. The SPD wants to increase inheritance tax, some in the party want to insist on raising the minimum wage and it fought the election on a pledge of keeping pensions stable.  The conservatives and SPD both want to increase spending to expand broadband.  An area of possible conflict. Since the election, Merkel has bowed to pressure from her Bavarian allies to put a cap on the number of people Germany will accept on humanitarian grounds. Merkel repeated on Saturday that she wanted to limit the number to about 200,000 a year.  The SPD opposes this, arguing it breaches the constitution s guarantee of asylum to people who are persecuted for political reasons. Some leading party members have said they will not agree to a cap. The SPD is more positive than Merkel s cautious stance towards French President Emmanuel Macron s proposals for a euro zone budget and a euro zone finance minister. The SPD also backs the idea of turning the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) bailout fund into a European Monetary Fund along the lines of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).  There is little difference on approach to Brexit talks. Broad agreement on most areas of foreign policy, including with the United States and Turkey. The SPD puts greater emphasis on mending ties with Russia which have been hurt by the conflict in Ukraine, but this is more a matter of nuance than a deep policy rift. Also agreement on armed forces missions abroad although the SPD is more skeptical on NATO demands to move towards increasing defense spending to 2 percent of gross domestic product by 2014. The SPD fought its election on the platform of social justice and wants to improve the lot of the less affluent. A long-standing commitment which several senior SPD members have repeated recently is the idea of making health insurance fairer for everyone by introducing a  citizen s insurance . The SPD also wants to ensure men and women have equal pay and working conditions.  ",1
13833,Separatists and unionists tied for support ahead of Catalan elections: poll,"BARCELONA (Reuters) - Pro-independence parties may fail to retain an absolute majority of seats in the Catalan parliament in regional elections next month, a poll published on Sunday showed, with pro-unity  parties poised to increase their vote share. Failure to win a majority in the regional parliament would be a blow for Catalan separatists who have billed the Dec. 21 election as a de-facto plebiscite on Madrid s decision to impose direct rule on the wealthy region last month. Following Spain s worst political crisis in decades, the sacking of the secessionist Catalan government in October has  a eased tensions for the moment, although victory for the pro-independence camp in December would plunge the northeast region back into uncertainty. Catalan separatist parties are predicted to win 46 percent of the vote, down slightly from 47.7 percent in a previous election in 2015. Unionist parties combined would account for another 46 percent of votes, up from less than 40 percent last time, according to the poll by Metroscopia. The poll shows pro-independence parties winning 67 seats, one short of the absolute majority they would need to retain control of the regional parliament.  Unionists forces would also fall short a majority in this scenario, although the poll suggests a high number of voters, around 23 percent, remain undecided. The staunchly unionist center-right party Citizens looks set to cement its position as the largest opposition force with 25.3 percent of votes, gaining from the Catalan wing of Prime Minister Rajoy s conservative Popular Party which drops to 5.8 percent and loses five of its 11 seats. Turnout for the election, which former Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont said on Saturday would be the most important in the region s history, is predicted to reach a record 80 percent. ",1
13834,Nigerian army repels Boko Haram attack on town: spokesman,"MAIDUGURI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Nigeria s military has repelled an attempt by suspected Boko Haram militants to seize the northeastern town of Magumeri, a spokesman said on Sunday, a day after the attack. The assault was the latest in a series of attacks in northeast Nigeria, where the conflict with the Islamist insurgency has dragged into a ninth year with little sign of an end. Three soldiers were killed and six others wounded while fighting the militants in Magumeri, which lies 50 km (30 miles) from Borno state capital Maiduguri, which has been the center of the conflict, the military spokesman said. A member of a vigilante group formed to fight Boko Haram put the death toll at six soldiers and three vigilantes, while a resident of Magumeri told Reuters by telephone that at least three civilians were also killed. A suicide bomber killed at least 58 people on Tuesday at a mosque in neighboring Adamawa state, one of the deadliest attacks since President Muhammadu Buhari came to power in 2015 pledging to end the Boko Haram insurgency. ",1
13835,Liberia's Liberty Party to appeal election fraud case to Supreme Court,"MONROVIA (Reuters) - Liberia s opposition Liberty Party will take its claims of election fraud to the Supreme Court this week after the electoral commission ruled on Friday that the first-round Oct. 10 vote was fair, it said on Sunday.  The appeal will likely set the West African country s presidential election back well into December, and could result in the first round poll being re-run, which could delay the first democratic transfer of power in over 70 years by months. Ex football star George Weah was meant to face Vice-President Joseph Boakai in a run-off vote in early November to determine who will replace Nobel Peace Prize laureate Ellen Johnson Sirleaf. But third placed candidate Charles Brumskine of the Liberty Party said the Oct. 10 first round was marred by widespread fraud, and the Supreme Court ordered the National Elections Commission (NEC) to investigate.  The NEC ruled last week that voting irregularities did not alter the outcome of the first round which Weah won with 38 percent versus Boakai with 29 percent. Brumskine won nearly 10 percent. International observers said the vote was largely free and fair.   We will take our case to the Supreme Court any time this week,  Brumskine told Reuters.  We were not surprised by the ruling. NEC were the defendants and judge at the same time.  The delay has raised tensions in Liberia where many say they are dissatisfied by Johnson Sirleaf s 12-year rule which cemented peace and brought much needed aid to the country after a civil war but which did little to alleviate dire poverty. The Liberty Party complained of widespread irregularities in the vote, including polling stations not allowing his supporters to cast their ballot. Under the constitution, it has until Friday to file its appeal, after which the Supreme Court has a further seven days to make a final ruling. ",1
13836,South Korea to review whether or not to abolish anti-abortion law,"SEOUL (Reuters) - The South Korean president s office said on Sunday that it will begin a review on the country s 64-year-old law to ban abortion. The announcement came after more than 230,000 South Koreans filed a petition calling for the abolishment of the law. South Korea criminalized abortion in 1953 when its leaders wanted to boost the population and build an army powerful enough to fend off its rival North Korea. But in 1973, with population growth strong, the country drew up exceptions to the abortion law, such as where the mother s health is at risk, the baby is to be born with severe birth defects or the pregnancy was caused by a sexual crime. Many public health experts in South Korea pushed for changes in the abortion law but faced opposition from a strong pro-life lobby in a country with one of Asia s largest percentages of Christians and a government trying to boost one of the world s lowest fertility rates.  The president s office said the government will conduct research next year on the country s abortion cases for the first time since 2010.  Based on the outcome from the research, we expect to move relevant discussions one step forward,  Cho Kuk, the senior presidential secretary for civil affairs, said in a statement.     Cho said South Korea s Constitutional Court, which in 2012 upheld the anti-abortion law, will again review the legislation.    According to the most recent figures, an estimated 16,900 abortions were performed in 2010, and only 6 percent of them were done legally, he said. ",1
13837,Gold trader's trial strains U.S.-Turkey relations,"ISTANBUL/NEW YORK (Reuters) - A trial which has strained Turkish-U.S. ties before it even started opens this week in New York despite the possible absence of a defendant who Turkey says is cooperating with prosecutors in what it calls  a clear plot  against Ankara. Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, charged with conspiring to evade U.S. sanctions on Iran, has dropped out of sight in the last two months, prompting Turkey s prime minister to suggest he has reached a plea deal with U.S. authorities. James Margolin, a spokesman for U.S. prosecutors in Manhattan, declined to comment on whether Zarrab was cooperating with the authorities. A lawyer for Zarrab, Benjamin Brafman, declined to comment for this article. Zarrab and eight other people, including Turkey s former economy minister and three executives of Turkish state-owned Halkbank, have been charged with engaging in transactions worth hundreds of millions of dollars for Iran s government and Iranian entities from 2010 to 2015 in a scheme to evade U.S. sanctions. Only Zarrab and Mehmet Hakan Atilla, one of the Halkbank executives, have been arrested by U.S. authorities. Ex-minister Zafer Caglayan, who has not been arrested by the United States and remains in Turkey, is also accused of receiving tens of millions of dollars in bribes from the proceeds of the scheme. The Turkish government has said he acted within Turkish and international law. Caglayan, Zarrab and Atilla have denied all the charges against them. Victor Rocco, a lawyer for Atilla, declined to comment on the case. Caglayan could not be reached for comment. Halkbank says all its transactions fully comply with Turkish and international regulations. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan s government has said the case has been fabricated for political motives. The tensions it has exacerbated between Ankara and Washington - NATO allies - have hit investor sentiment toward Turkey, and traders say it has also contributed to the lira s fall to record lows. U.S. prosecutors claim that the defendants helped Zarrab use his network of companies to supply currency and gold to the Iranian government and Iranian entities, violating U.S. sanctions. The prosecutors have alleged that the defendants used front companies and fake invoices to trick U.S. banks into processing transactions disguised to appear as though they involved food, which is exempt from the sanctions. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the charges were baseless, and that Turkey had not violated its own or international laws regarding exports and trade.  The Zarrab case is a clear plot against Turkey, a political case and lacking any legal basis,  government spokesman Bekir Bozdag said last week.  Zarrab has been absent from recent court hearings. Last month Atilla s lawyers said Zarrab, who was arrested in Miami in March 2016, had  essentially not participated  in the case and that Atilla might be the only defendant appearing at trial.   The defendants in the case are under pressure and being forced to make statements against our country,  Yildirim said, without explanation. The case is acutely sensitive in Turkey because the  prosecutors say a Turkish government minister, Caglayan, was involved in the alleged conspiracy to evade the U.S. sanctions. In a filing four weeks ago, prosecutors also included the transcript of an April 16, 2013 recorded phone call in which a speaker they identified as Zarrab discussed with another co-defendant his efforts to buy a bank to establish a conduit for Iranian transactions.  Prosecutors said Zarrab and Erdogan, then Turkey s prime minister, had spoken four days earlier at a wedding.  I explained it that day at the wedding,  Zarrab told the co-defendant, according to prosecutors.  I will go back and will say, Mr. Prime Minister, if you approve, give me a license . Erdogan has not been accused of any wrongdoing, but has repeatedly expressed frustration with the case.  You arrest the general manager of my bank when there are no crimes, try to use my citizen (Zarrab) as an informant, try him without having anything against him,  Erdogan said in a speech to provincial governors on Oct. 12, in an apparent reference to the U.S. prosecutors. Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu has said he sees in this case the hand of U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen. Erdogan accuses Gulen of masterminding last year s failed military coup in Turkey and also of driving an earlier legal case involving Zarrab. In that earlier case, Turkish prosecutors accused Zarrab and high-ranking Turkish officials of involvement in facilitating Iranian money transfers via gold smuggling. After details of the Turkish prosecution were leaked in 2013, several prosecutors were removed from the case and police investigators were reassigned. Erdogan branded the case an attempt by Gulen s supporters to undermine his government and the investigation was later dropped. Cavusoglu said the two legal cases were  exactly the same , and showed the extent to which Gulen had infiltrated American state institutions, including its judiciary.  Needless to say, those claims are ridiculous,  acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim said last week. The case has been handled by career prosecutors concerned only with U.S. law, not Turkish politics, Kim said, adding:  They re not Gulenists.  Gulen denies involvement in the failed 2016 coup or any other attempts to undermine Erdogan and his government. The Zarrab case is one of several festering disputes between Ankara and Washington, which disagree over U.S. support for Kurdish fighters in Syria and suspended visa services after the arrest of a locally employed U.S. consulate worker in Istanbul last month. In a speech on Wednesday, Yildirim highlighted the economic fallout from the court hearings, saying they had  come to the point of harming Turkey and our global economic ties . Turkey s bank regulator denied a report in Haberturk newspaper last month that six unnamed Turkish banks could face fines worth billions of dollars over Iran sanctions violations.  Investors are nervous. Turkish bank shares have fallen more than 13 percent in November, nearly twice the decline of the broader Istanbul market. Jury selection is due to start on Monday, meaning the trial may begin as early as Tuesday. ",1
13838,Bali's erupting volcano raises air travel warnings,"DENPASAR, Indonesia (Reuters) - Indonesian and regional authorities heightened flight warnings around Bali s Mount Agung on Sunday as the volcano s eruptions sent a plume of volcanic ash and steam more than 6,000 metres into the skies above the popular holiday island. Ash covered roads, cars and buildings near the volcano in the northeast of the island, while scores of flights were cancelled and overnight a red glow of what appeared to be magma could be seen in photographs by Antara, the state news agency.  The activity of Mount Agung has entered the magmatic eruption phase. It is still spewing ash at the moment but we need to monitor and be cautious over the possibility of a strong, explosive eruption,  said Gede Suantika, an official at the volcanology and geological disaster mitigation agency. Bali, famous for its surf, beaches and temples, attracted nearly 5 million visitors last year but business has slumped in areas around the volcano since September when Agung s volcanic tremors began to increase. Agung rises majestically over eastern Bali at a height of just over 3,000 metres. When it last erupted in 1963 it killed more than 1,000 people and razed several villages. Australia s Bureau of Meteorology s Volcanic Ash Advisory Centre (VACC) in Darwin issued maps showing an ash cloud heading southeast over the neighbouring island of Lombok, away from  Bali s capital, Denpasar, where the main international airport is located. Indonesia also upgraded its Volcano Observatory Notice for Aviation (VONA) to red, its highest warning, and said the ash-cloud top could reach 19,654 feet (6,142 metres) or higher.  However, officials said the airport would remain open for now as the ash could be avoided.  The volcanic ash has only been detected in a certain area,  the airport and other officials said in a joint statement. All domestic flights and the airport itself were operating as  normal  and tests for ash had been negative, it said. Yunus Suprayogi, general manager of Bali airport operator Angkasa Pura I, said food and entertainment would be provided as well as extra bus services if conditions changed and passenger numbers increased.  The airport would also  make it easier  for passengers to seek refunds and make other arrangements, he said, while noting that airlines had their own rules. After resuming flights on Sunday morning, Virgin Australia again cancelled flights on Sunday afternoon following a change in the aviation colour code from orange to red.   Due to the significant volcanic ash and current weather conditions, we have made the decision to cancel the rest of today s flights to and from Bali as a precautionary measure,  Virgin said in a statement on its website. AirAsia also cancelled its remaining flights to Bali and Lombok. Qantas and Jetstar flights were continuing as of Sunday afternoon but Jetstar warned on its website that flights could be subject to change at short notice for safety reasons. Indonesia s flag carrier Garuda said it was cancelling all flights to and from Lombok.  Lombok airport was closed late on Sunday afternoon and authorities would assess the situation in the morning, a transport ministry spokesman said.  Indonesia s disaster agency has said Bali is  still safe  for tourists except for a 7.5-kilometre (4.7-mile) zone around Mount Agung.  Despite the string of eruptions, there has not been an increase in volcanic activity,  it said in a statement, noting that the emergency status for Agung remains at level 3, one below the highest. China s Consulate in Denpasar warned citizens on Sunday to  be prepared for the possibility of being stranded  in Bali. ",1
13839,Stephen Hawking lauds Chinese pop star for space migration question,"BEIJING (Reuters) - British theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking, on his Chinese microblog Weibo account, praised the lead singer of China s most popular boy band for asking about life beyond Earth.  Wang Junkai, leader singer of the wildly popular TFBOYS, posted a video of himself on his Weibo account on Friday asking the author of  A Brief History of Time  how humanity should prepare for interstellar migration in years to come.  Hawking recently warned that the human race must evacuate Earth in 600 years before soaring energy consumption turns the planet into a  ball of fire .  Earlier this month, Hawking made a video appearance at a science summit organized by Tencent Holdings and pleaded for investors to support his idea of traveling to the closest star outside our solar system in the hope of finding an inhabitable planet. The 75-year old physicist said in a video posting on his Weibo account that Wang asked  an excellent question , which gave him insight into Chinese millennnials and their  curiosities  regarding the future.  Wang and his two other band mates each have more than 30 million followers on their Twitter-like Weibo microblog accounts.  Owned by Weibo Corp, Weibo is China s biggest social media platform with more than 200 million active users.  Hawking, who opened his Weibo account last year, has 4.3 million followers, while British Prime Minister Theresa May has more than 900,000, having inherited her account from David Cameron.  ",1
13840,Japanese cosmetics maker Pola says sorry for racist poster,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese cosmetics firm has apologized for a sign banning entry for Chinese people posted in one of its outlets, highlighting lingering hostility to foreign visitors from some in Japan as it strives to extend a shopping-driven tourism boom. Pola, a unit of Pola Orbis Holdings Inc, said on Saturday that images of an  inappropriate  poster were shared on Chinese social media sites on Friday, without specifying the   contents or location of the offending item.  Photos of a sign handwritten in Japanese saying  Entry by Chinese people prohibited  in a shop window were trending on Chinese and Taiwanese social media on Sunday. Pola, which has around 4,600 stores across Japan, apologized for causing  unpleasant feelings and inconvenience to many people  and said it had removed the sign.  As soon as we confirm the facts, we will suspend operations at the store and implement strict punishment,  it said in a statement posted at the top of its homepage in both Japanese and Chinese. Pola s mea culpa comes as Japan looks to boost a Chinese-powered inbound tourism boom ahead of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics - a policy championed by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s government. Japan is weighing looser visa rules for tourists from China, sources told Reuters earlier this year, as it looks to widen a tourism boom and lend support to consumer spending. Some 23.8 million visited Japan in the year to October, setting it on course for an annual record. Visitors from China - the No.1 source - climbed 13 percent from a year earlier to 6.2 million during the period, government data shows. Many Chinese tourists have taken advantage of a weaker yen and easier entry rules to visit Japan for shopping sprees dubbed  explosive buying . Cosmetics are among the most popular items for Chinese shoppers. The Pola incident is not the first time this year a Japanese firm has offended China. Tokyo-based hotel and real estate developer APA Group came under fire this year over books placed in its hotels that contained essays denying the 1937 massacre by Japanese troops in the Chinese city of Nanjing. Following street protests and calls for a boycott of the chain by China s tourism administration, APA in June temporarily removed the books from hotels hosting athletes for a sports event - but said it would not do the same during the 2020 Olympics. ",1
13841,Cambodia's Hun Sen calls for closure of rights group founded by rival,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen on Sunday called for the closure of one of the country s main human rights groups because it was founded by detained opposition leader Kem Sokha. A crackdown on critics of Hun Sen, the world s longest serving prime minister, has already led to the dissolution of the main opposition party and curbs on some independent media, prompting criticism from Western donors.  The Cambodian Center for Human Rights (CCHR) must be shut down because it was created by foreigners not Cambodians. The ministry of the interior should look into this,  Hun Sen told a group of garment workers. Hun Sen described the opposition as  children  of the United States and said he told this to U.S. President Donald Trump when they met in the Philippines earlier this month. The CCHR was founded by Kem Sokha in 2002 before he returned to a political career in 2007. Kem Sokha was arrested in September and charged with treason for an alleged plot to take power with American help. His Cambodia National Rescue Party was dissolved on Nov. 16 by the Supreme Court, acting at the government s request. Kem Sokha has rejected the charges against him, which the opposition calls a ploy to ensure Hun Sen extended over three decades in power in next year s election. Western countries have condemned the crackdown. The United States has stopped funding for the election and the European Union has raised a potential threat to Cambodia s duty free access if it does not respect human rights. Hun Sen has brushed off the criticism. Cambodia s biggest donor is now China, which has voiced support for measures to ensure stability. ",1
13842,Nationalists facing wipe out in Australian state election,"SYDNEY (Reuters) - The resurgence of Australian nationalist politics has been halted at a state election in coal-rich Queensland, with Pauline Hanson s One Nation party at risk of being almost completely wiped from the state assembly. Australia s center-left Labor party is leading in the tight race after three-quarters of votes were counted following Saturday s poll, while Hanson s party has yet to confirm victory in a single seat. The official result may not be known for several days although political analysts believe Labor will win the 47 seats it needs to govern in Queensland 93-seat assembly, a result that would allow it to form a government without support from independents or minor parties.  I am confident of a Labor majority,  Queensland s Labor Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk told reporters on Sunday. Hanson, a senator in the federal parliament, had anticipated a surge in support in her electoral heartland, to give momentum to the resurgence her anti-immigration, populist party enjoyed  in the national election last year. But despite attracting support from around 14 percent of voters, One Nation has not recorded decisive victories in individual seats. It is tipped to win just one seat in state parliament, according to analysis by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC). Griffith University political analyst Paul Williams said despite a lack of seats, Hanson s party had likely polled higher than 20 per cent in some regional seats.  All the anger, the disenchantment, the bitterness, the resentment to the major parties and elites, it s still as strong as it was 12 months ago,  he told Reuters by telephone on Sunday. The election has been held in one of Australia s powerhouse mining states with debate over a A$16.5 billion ($12.6 billion) coal mine, rail and port project proposed by Indian energy giant Adani Enterprises dominating much of the campaign. While both major parties support the Queensland resources project, Labor has vowed to veto a near billion-dollar concessional loan Adani has asked Australia to provide for the proposed rail line, should it win government. The conservative opposition Liberal National Party, which the ABC forecasts will win 41 seats, supports the government loan. Hanson had been hoping her party would hold the balance-of-power in Queensland, and with it the ability to decide who the next premier would be.  As the results rolled in late on Saturday, she told reporters in Buderim, an urban center near Queensland s coast, that while disappointed with some of the emerging numbers, the fight would go on.     I think this is a clear indication that One Nation is not going anywhere, we are going to be around for a while yet,  Hanson said.  ",1
13843,China's RYB Education fires head of Beijing kindergarten embroiled in abuse scandal,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese educational services provider RYB Education Inc said it had removed the head of one of its kindergarten, as allegations of child abuse at the Beijing nursery rocked the country s booming childcare industry.  In a statement issued late Saturday, New York-listed RYB also said it had fired a 22-year-old female teacher at the RYB Education New World kindergarten. It said the teacher, surnamed Liu, had been detained by district police on suspicion of abuse.  Beijing police were investigating claims of child abuse at the kindergarten in Beijing s Chaoyang district, after state-run Xinhua news agency reported they were checking allegations that children were  reportedly sexually molested, pierced by needles and given unidentified pills . Several teachers at the kindergarten had already been suspended since Thursday. RYB s New York-listed shares plunged 38.4 percent on Friday as the scandal sparked outrage among parents and the public.   Another woman surnamed Liu was also arrested for allegedly disrupting social order by spreading false information about the alleged kindergarten abuse, Chaoyang police said. The second woman, a 31-year-old from Beijing, was arrested on Thursday.  Parents said their children, some as young as three, gave accounts of a naked adult male conducting purported  medical check-ups  on unclothed pupils, other media said.  The Chaoyang district has launched an investigation into all childcare facilities in its area.  It had also dispatched officials to the kindergarten and asked the school to communicate with the parents and make sure that the children there are safe.  Founded in 1998, RYB provides early education services in China. At the end of June, the Beijing-based company was operating 80 kindergartens and had franchised an additional 175 covering 130 cities and towns in China.   It was not the first case of alleged abuse at an RYB school. In 2015, a court in Jilin province found two teachers guilty of physically abusing children at one of its kindergartens in the city of Siping. In that case, staff at the school on  multiple occasions used needles and intimidation tactics to abuse many of the children under their care , according to a court ruling document. China s education ministry said on Thursday that it had begun a special investigation into the operation of kindergartens, and told education departments nationwide to take heed of  these types of incidents . Separate cases of children in China being slapped, beaten with a stick and having their mouths sealed shut with duct tape have also gone viral and fueled anger online. ",1
13844,Nepal votes in landmark poll; army blames rogue Maoists for blasts,"KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepalis began voting for a new parliament on Sunday with the army on alert on Sunday as a series of small blasts blamed on a rogue Maoist group reminded the Himalayan nation of the violence and instability it is hoping to leave behind. More than a decade after the end of a civil war between Maoist peasant guerrillas and security forces, Nepal is hoping this election - the first parliamentary polls since 1999 - will complete its long journey from a monarchy to become a federal republic. A second phase of the election will take place on Dec. 7, and the election commission has said that the final results probably won t be known for several days because of the cumbersome counting procedures.  A Maoist splinter group was behind a series of small blasts in the run up to the polls, army  spokesman Nain Raj Dahal said, adding that security forces have defused around 30 improvised explosive devices since Friday. For all the security concerns, voting was largely incident-free.   Except for some minor complaints from a few places, polling in all areas is smooth and peaceful so far,  Ila Sharma, a  member of the Election Commission told Reuters.  Suresh Balsami was the first voter at Kagatigaun polling center, about an hour s drive mostly on a dusty and winding road from capital Kathmandu.  I voted for peace, development and prosperity of the country,  said the 32-year-old bus driver, as other voters began to trickle into the polling center in a public school ringed by pine trees. Candidates have used everything from mules to drones flying their party flags to reach voters in remote areas with no roads, according to media reports.  Nepal voted in 2008 and 2013 for a Constituent Assembly, which doubled as parliament, to write a post-monarchy charter that plotted the course to becoming a federal republic. More than 15 million eligible voters will pick a 275-member legislature, the first under a new constitution agreed after years of wrangling. Simultaneously, voters will choose representatives to seven provincial assemblies for the first time since Nepal abolished the monarchy in 2008. The centrist Nepali Congress party, considered a pro-India group, has formed a loose electoral alliance with the Madhesi parties from the country s southern plains bordering India and former royalists. Facing the alliance is a tight-knit left coalition between the former Maoist rebels and the main opposition Communist UML party, perceived to be closer to China. Wedged between India and China, Nepal needs to balance ties, but the outcome of the election could determine which of the Asian giants gets the upper hand in the battle for influence in the buffer state. Both are looking to benefit from Nepal s potential as a source of hydropower. Home to Mount Everest, and one of the poorest countries in the world, Nepal depends on tourism and aid. More than one-fifth of its 28 million people survive on less than $1.90 a day, and parts of the country are still recovering from a devastating earthquake that killed 9,000 people in 2015. Rita Shrestha, a 49-year-old housewife whose house was damaged in the tremor, rued the slow pace of reconstruction.  We need roads, water supply, electricity, health care and jobs so our children are not forced to go abroad to work,  Shrestha, wrapped in a red woollen shawl, told Reuters after casting her vote. Millions of young Nepalis work mainly as laborers in the Middle East, Korea and Malaysia. ",1
13845,Timeline: Nepal's rocky road from monarchy to democracy,"KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Millions of Nepalis vote on Sunday to choose a new parliament and seven state assemblies more than a decade after the end of a civil war. The two-phase election is the first in Nepal since it turned into a federal republic and abolished monarchy in 2008. Here is a chronology of events in the Himalayan country since then: 2008, May 28   Special Constituent Assembly elected in April votes to abolish the 239-year-old monarchy and turns Nepal into a republic. 2008, July 23   The assembly elects Ram Baran Yadav as Nepal s first president. 2008, Aug. 15   Former rebel commander Pushpa Kamal Dahal, also known as Prachanda, is elected as prime minister. He had led a decade-long Maoist civil war that ended two years earlier. 2009, May 4   Prachanda steps down following a row with the president over the sacking of the army chief, leading to political instability in the country. 2010, May 28   The Constituent Assembly extends its term after failing to deliver a new charter within the stipulated period of two years.  2012, May 28   The assembly is dissolved without adopting any constitution amid wrangling among political parties. 2013, Nov 19   A second Constituent Assembly is elected to continue the unfinished task of drafting the charter. 2015, Apr. 25   Worst earthquake on record jolts Nepal, killing 9,000 people and bringing political parties together to adopt the charter and focus on reconstruction. 2015, Sept. 20   The Constituent Assembly approves the new charter, turning Nepal into a secular federal democratic republic. Ethnic Madhesis living in the southern plains reject the new charter, calling it discriminatory. 2015-2016   More than 50 people killed during protests by the Madhesis demanding a unified homeland in their region. Activists block trade points with India leading to crippling fuel and medicine shortages. 2017, May-Sept.   First elections to local bodies in 20 years held. Lawmakers reject a government proposal to amend the constitution to meet some of the demands of the Madhesi minority. ",1
13846,Argentina faces 'hope and hopelessness' in submarine search,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - No sign of the Argentine submarine lost in the South Atlantic since Nov. 15 has been found despite a massive international search effort, while families of the 44 crew members face the increasing likelihood that their loved ones will never return. Saturday marked the 10th day since the ARA San Juan submarine reported its last position off Argentina s southern coast. Reports of a sound detected underwater near the last known position of the vessel suggest it might have imploded after reporting an electrical problem. But citing respect for the families, navy spokesman Enrique Balbi declined to say anything to confirm the now-common belief that the crew had perished.  We are at a stage of hope and hopelessness at the same time,  Balbi told reporters.  We will not speculate beyond the facts as we know them.  He said seven ships were braving 3-meter (3.28-yard) waves to map the ocean floor where the San Juan was most likely to be found.  The U.S. Navy said it had deployed unmanned underwater vehicles, or  mini-subs  equipped with sonar, to join the search. A Russian plane arrived in Argentina on Friday carrying search equipment capable of reaching 6,000 meters (20,000 feet) below the sea surface, Balbi said. The search effort also includes ships and planes from Brazil, Chile, Great Britain and other countries.  Families of the crew were meanwhile stuck in an emotional purgatory.  The problem with being the loved one of someone who is missing is that the mourning process cannot start, because they are still out there somewhere,  local psychologist Guillermo Bruchstein said in a Saturday television interview.  They are gone but are not  dead.   The families have said they suspect the more than 30-year-old vessel was not properly maintained, a charge the government denies, and that the navy has been slow in sharing information with them.  Relatives expressed anger at the level of funding of the armed forces, whose budget has declined since the fall of a military dictatorship in the 1980s.  The loss of the San Juan is a consequence of the fact that the abandonment and degradation of our defense forces has been an official policy,  Argentine Senator Pino Solanas of the independent Project South party told local radio on Saturday. Concerns about the crew s fate have set off a fierce political debate in a society sharply divided between supporters of President Mauricio Macri and opposition Peronists, who have been quick to find fault with the government s response.  Until we find the submarine and have all the information,  Macri said on Friday,  we are not going to speculate on who is at fault.  ",1
13847,"Gunmen in Egypt mosque attack carried Islamic State flag, prosecutor says","CAIRO (Reuters) - Gunmen who attacked a mosque on Friday in Egypt s North Sinai brandished an Islamic State flag as they opened fire through doorways and windows, killing more than 300 worshippers, including two dozen children, officials said on Saturday. No group has claimed responsibility, but Egyptian forces are battling a stubborn Islamic State affiliate in the region, one of the surviving branches of the militant group after it suffered defeats by U.S.-backed forces in Iraq and Syria. The assault on a mosque has stunned Egyptians, prompting President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi s government to tighten security at places of worship and key buildings, and call three days of mourning for the bloodiest attack in Egypt s modern history.  State news agency MENA said the death toll had risen to 305, including 27 children, and 128 people were injured. Egypt s public prosecutor s office, citing interviews with wounded survivors as part of its investigation, linked Islamic State militants, also known as Daesh, to the attack on the Al Rawdah mosque in Bir al-Abed, west of El-Arish city.  The worshippers were taken by surprise by these elements,  the prosecutor said in a statement.  They numbered between 25 and 30, carrying the Daesh flag and took up positions in front of the mosque door and its 12 windows with automatic rifles.  The gunmen, some wearing masks and military-style uniforms, had arrived in jeeps, surrounded the mosque and opened fire inside, sending panicked worshippers scrambling over each other to escape the carnage. Witnesses had said gunmen set off a bomb at the end of Friday prayers and then opened fire as people tried to flee, shooting at ambulances and setting fire to cars to block roads. Images on state media showed bloodied victims and bodies covered in blankets inside the mosque.  When the shooting began everyone was running, and everyone was bumping into one another,  Magdy Rezk, a wounded survivor, said from his hospital bed.  But I was able to make out masked men wearing military clothing.  Striking a mosque would be a shift in tactics for the Sinai militants, who have previously attacked troops and police and more recently tried to spread their insurgency to the mainland by hitting Christian churches and pilgrims. Local sources said some of the worshippers were Sufis, whom groups such as Islamic State consider targets because they revere saints and shrines, which for Islamists is tantamount to idolatry. Islamic State has targeted Sufi and Shi ite Muslims in other countries like Iraq. The jihadists in Egypt s Sinai have also attacked local tribes and their militias for working with the army and police. Sisi, a former armed forces commander who supporters see as a bulwark against Islamist militants, promised the  utmost force  against those responsible for Friday s attack. Security has been a key reason for his supporters to back him, and he is expected to run for re-election next year. Egypt s military carried out air strikes and raids overnight to target hideouts and vehicles involved in the attack, the army said, without giving details on the number of militants.  What is happening is an attempt to stop us from our efforts in the fight against terrorism,  Sisi said on Friday. The Sinai attack came as Sisi s government looks to draw more foreign investment and finish an IMF reform program to help revive an economy that struggled through instability after the 2011 uprising ousted long-standing leader Hosni Mubarak. North Sinai, a mostly desert area stretching from the Suez Canal eastwards to the Gaza Strip and Israel, has long been a security headache for Egypt and is a strategic region for Cairo because of its sensitive borders. Local militant group Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis, once allied to al Qaeda, split from it and declared allegiance to Islamic State in 2014. But attacks in the Sinai worsened after 2013 when Sisi led the overthrow of President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood after mass protests against his rule.    ",1
13848,Iran warns it would increase missile range if threatened by Europe,"LONDON (Reuters) - The deputy head of Iran s Revolutionary Guards warned Europe that if it threatens Tehran, the Guards will increase the range of missiles to above 2,000 kilometers, the Fars news agency reported on Saturday. France has called for an  uncompromising  dialogue with Iran about its ballistic missile program and a possible negotiation over the issue separate from Tehran s 2015 nuclear deal with world powers. Iran has repeatedly said its missile program is defensive and not negotiable.  If we have kept the range of our missiles to 2,000 kilometers, it s not due to lack of technology. ... We are following a strategic doctrine,  Brigadier General Hossein Salami said, according to Fars.  So far we have felt that Europe is not a threat, so we did not increase the range of our missiles. But if Europe wants to turn into a threat, we will increase the range of our missiles,  he added. The head of Iran s Revolutionary Guards military force, Major General Mohammad Ali Jafari, said last month that Iran s 2,000-kilometre missile range could cover  most of American interest and forces  within the region, so Iran did not need to extend it. Jafari said the ballistic missile range was based on the limits set by the country s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who is the head of armed forces. Iran has one of the Middle East s largest missile programs and some of its precision-guided missiles have the range to strike Israel. The United States accused Iran this month of supplying Yemen s Houthi rebels with a missile that was fired into Saudi Arabia in July and called for the United Nations to hold Tehran accountable for violating two U.N. Security Council resolutions. Iran has denied supplying the Houthis with missiles and weapons.  Yemen is in total blockade. How could we have given them any missile?  Salami said, according to the Fars report on Saturday.  If Iran can send a missile to Yemen, it shows the incapability of (the Saudi coalition). But we have not given them missiles.  Salami said the Houthis managed to increase the range and precision of their missiles in a  scientific breakthrough.  Jafari, the head of the Revolutionary Guards, said on Thursday that Iran only provides  advisory and spiritual  assistances to the Houthis.  Iran long denied sending fighters to Syria to help President Bashar al-Assad in the fight against the rebels, and said the Revolutionary Guards  presence on the ground was advisory In what seemed to be a correction of Jafari s comments, Salami said on Saturday that Iran s support for the Houthis was  political and spiritual.  The United States has imposed unilateral sanctions on Iran, saying its missile tests violate a U.N. resolution that calls on Tehran not to undertake activities related to missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The United States says Iran s missile program is a breach of international law because the missiles could carry nuclear warheads in the future. Iran denies it is seeking nuclear weapons and says its nuclear program is for civilian uses only. ",1
13849,"Medical supplies, U.N. aid workers reach Yemen after blockade eased","GENEVA/SANAA (Reuters) - Humanitarian aid workers and medical supplies began arriving in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa on Saturday, U.N. officials said, after the easing of a nearly three-week military blockade that sparked an international outcry. Aid groups have welcomed the decision to let aid in but said flights are not enough to avert humanitarian crisis. About 7 million people face famine in Yemen and their survival depends on international assistance.  First plane landed in Sanaa this morning with humanitarian aid workers,  the World Food Programme s regional spokeswoman Abeer Etefa told Reuters in an email, while officials at Sanaa airport said two other U.N. flights had arrived on Saturday. The U.N. children s fund UNICEF said one flight carried  over 15 tonnes  of vaccines that will cover some 600,000 children against diphtheria, tetanus and other diseases.  The needs are huge and there is much more to do for #YemenChildren,  the world body said on Twitter. Airport director Khaled al-Shayef said that apart from the  vaccinations shipment, a flight carrying eight employees of the International Committee of the Red Cross had also landed.  Sanaa airport was closed from Nov. 6 until today, more than 18 days and this closure caused an obstruction to the presence of aid workers,  he told Reuters in Sanaa.   There are more than 500 employees trapped either inside or outside being denied travel as well as 40 flights that were denied arrival at Sanaa airport.  Colonel Turki al-Maliki, spokesman for the Saudi-led military coalition that closed the ports, said three more aid flights had been approved for Sunday. The coalition, which is fighting the armed Houthi movement in Yemen with backing from the United States, said on Wednesday it would allow aid in through the Red Sea ports of Hodeidah and Salif, as well as U.N. flights to Sanaa. The coalition closed air, land and sea access in a move it said was to stop the flow of Iranian arms to the Houthis, who control much of northern Yemen.  The action came after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired toward Riyadh. Iran denied again on Saturday supplying weapons to the Houthis. Iranian foreign ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi said that Tehran would welcome the lifting of blockade and  any initiative that alleviates the pain of Yemeni people.  Maliki said on Friday that 82 permits had been issued for international aid missions since Nov. 4, both for Sanaa airport and Hodeidah, the country s main port where some 80 percent of food supplies enter.   That includes issuing clearance for a ship today (Rena), carrying 5,500 metric tonnes of food supplies, to the port of Hodeidah,  he said. He told Reuters on Saturday that the commercial vessel had been checked and cleared by coalition navy forces and was approaching Hodeidah, but port officials said no ships had arrived yet and they were not expecting any to dock soon. Maliki said new procedures aimed at blocking weapons transfers stipulate that aid and commercial shipments cannot be mixed on the same vessel, that requests require 72 hours notice instead of 48, and that only humanitarian workers can travel on aid flights. The blockade has drawn wide international concern, including from the United States and the U.N. secretary-general. Sources in Washington said Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had asked Saudi Arabia to ease its blockade of Yemen before the kingdom decided to do so.  The heads of three U.N. agencies had earlier urged the coalition to lift the blockade, warning that  untold thousands  would die if it stayed in place. The coalition has asked the United Nations to send a team to discuss ways of bolstering its verification and inspection mechanism programme which was agreed in 2015 to allow commercial ships to enter Hodeidah. The coalition joined the Yemen war in 2015 after the Houthis forced President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi and his government to flee their temporary headquarters in the southern port city of Aden into exile in Saudi Arabia. The conflict has killed more than 10,000 people and displaced over 2 million, triggered a cholera epidemic, and driven Yemen to the verge of famine. ",1
13850,Merkel points to grand coalition with Social Democrats,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel on Saturday welcomed the prospect of talks on a  grand coalition  with her Social Democrat (SPD) rivals and defended the record of the previous such government, saying it had worked well. Merkel s fourth term was cast into doubt when the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) walked out of three-way coalition talks with her conservative bloc and the Greens last Sunday, causing a political impasse in Europe s biggest economy. But on Friday, the SPD reversed a previous decision and agreed to talk to Merkel, raising the possibilities of a new  grand coalition  which has ruled Germany for the last four years, or of a minority government. Addressing party members on Saturday, Merkel argued voters had given her conservatives a mandate to rule in the Sept. 24 election which handed her party the most parliamentary seats but limited coalition options. Her conservatives bled support to the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD).  Europe needs a strong Germany, it is desirable to get a government in place quickly,  Merkel told a regional party meeting in northern Germany, adding, however, that her acting government could carry on day to day business.  Asking voters to go to the polls again would, I think be totally wrong,  she said. On Monday, Merkel had said she would prefer new elections to a minority government in which her party would be only held in power by others. Without even mentioning the option of a minority government, Merkel said she wanted to look ahead after the setbacks of the last week. Sounding self-assured and drawing applause during her speech, she turned her attention fully to the SPD.  Welcoming the prospect of talks with her former partner, she defended the record of the last coalition.  We worked well together,  she said, adding under the grand coalition, Germany enjoyed the strongest labor market for decades, a balanced budget and pensioners and families had benefited, she argued. President Frank-Walter Steinmeier is to host Merkel, SPD leader Martin Schulz and the leader of her conservative CSU  sister party for a meeting on Thursday. Steinmeier had exerted considerable pressure on Schulz to change course for the sake of stability in Germany. However, no one is saying things will be easy and the two former partners are already jostling over policy.  Merkel said her aims are to maintain Germany s solid finances, cut some taxes and expand the digital infrastructure.  In a nod to her CSU conservative allies, she also said she aims to limit the number of migrants entering Germany to 200,000 per year. This, however, may be hard for the SPD to swallow.  A cap, which may not be called that, breaches the constitution and the Geneva Convention. With the SPD there will be no limit put on family members who want to join asylum seekers,  SPD deputy leader Ralf Stegner told the Funke media group.  Schulz, who had until Friday rejected any deal with Merkel, said there was nothing automatic about the outcome and promised party members a vote on talks.  The SPD is split as many members fear that renewing a grand coalition would be political suicide. It scored its worst result since 1933 in the September election. Several other leading SPD members have called for other commitments, such as investment in education and homes.  Some senior SPD members have made clear that they will not let Merkel hold them hostage.  Mrs Merkel is not in a position to be setting conditions,  Malu Dreyer, premier of the state of Rhineland Palatinate, told the Trierscher Volksfreund. ",1
13851,Suspected Boko Haram militants take over northeast Nigeria town: residents,"BAUCHI, Nigeria (Reuters) - Suspected members of Islamist militant group Boko Haram took over a town in the restive state of Borno in northeast Nigeria  on Saturday, residents said. The attack comes days after a suicide bomber killed at least 50 people at a mosque in neighbouring Adamawa state in one of the deadliest attacks since President Muhammadu Buhari came to power in 2015 pledging to end the eight-year insurgency.  Residents said attackers entered Magumeri, around 50 km (30 miles) from Borno state capital Maiduguri, around 7:00 p.m. (1800 GMT). They said the insurgents shot sporadically and threw explosive devices, prompting locals to flee to a forest.   We hurriedly took our families to the bushes before they could get us. Almost every resident is hiding here,  said Wakil Bulama, one of two residents who spoke to Reuters by telephone.  A military source who did not want to be identified said Magumeri had been attacked but could not confirm whether it had been seized.  Boko Haram has waged an insurgency in northeastern Nigeria since 2009 in its attempt to create an Islamic state in the region. The group has killed more than 20,000 and forced around 2 million people to flee their homes.  ",1
13852,Thirty-one bodies recovered after migrant boat sinks off Libya,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - At least 31 migrants died after their boat sank off Libya s western coast on Saturday and some 200 others were picked up by the coastguard to be brought back to port in Tripoli, officials said. The migrants were on two boats off the coast near Garabulli, east of Tripoli, one of which had already sunk when the coastguard arrived at the scene, said Abu Ajala Amer Abdelbari, a coast guard commander.  The boat had sunk and they were spread out in the sea, they were trying to swim towards the coast,  he said.  There were about 60 people who we were able to save because they were clinging to the (remains of the) boat.  Another 140 migrants were picked up from the second boat, he said. The dead, including a number of children, were brought back to Tripoli naval base where they were unloaded in white plastic body bags.  Libya is the main departure point for mostly African migrants trying to cross to Europe. Smugglers usually pack them into flimsy inflatable boats that often break down or sink.  Most migrants are picked up by international vessels and taken to Italy, where more than 115,000 have landed so far this year, although an increasing number are intercepted by Libya s European-backed coastguard and returned to the North African country. Since July, there has been a sharp drop in crossings, though this week has seen a renewed surge in departures.  Nearly 3,000 migrants are known to have died or be missing after trying to cross to Europe by sea this year, the majority of them between Libya and Italy. The International Organization for Migration said on Friday that since 2000 the Mediterranean had been  by far the world s deadliest border  for migrants. ",1
13853,Five migrants wounded as shots fired in Calais brawl,"LILLE, France (Reuters) - Five migrants were wounded on Saturday when shots were fired during a brawl in the northern French port of Calais, the local prefect s office said. Gunshots were exchanged between groups of Afghans in the late afternoon, it said. A police source said the incident occurred during what was  probably a dispute between migrant smugglers. The shots were fired near the local Secours Catholique charity on the outskirts of Calais. Three migrants were being treated in a Calais hospital and a fourth, who was more seriously wounded, had been transferred to a hospital in Lille. A fifth was treated at the scene. Calais is a magnet for migrants aiming to reach Britain, a short distance across the Channel. Last year, authorities cleared the makeshift  Jungle  camp in Calais, but people hoping to get into Britain by crossing the Channel in trains or ferries are steadily returning. Authorities estimate at 500 and associations at 700 the number of migrants from Ethiopia, Eritrea and Afghanistan still in Calais. ",1
13854,Lebanon's Hariri takes critical line on Hezbollah,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said on Saturday that he would not accept Iran-backed Hezbollah s positions that  affect our Arab brothers or target the security and stability of their countries , a statement from his press office said. The statement did not specify which countries he meant. Hariri announced his resignation from his post on Nov. 4 in a televised statement from Saudi Arabia, a Sunni monarchy and regional powerhouse locked in a confrontation with Shi ite Iran. Hezbollah is fighting alongside Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Syria. Gulf monarchies have accused the Shi ite group of also supporting the Houthi group in Yemen and of backing militants in Bahrain. Hezbollah denies any activity in Yemen or Bahrain. Hariri s resignation pitched Lebanon to the forefront of a regional power tussle this month between Saudi Arabia and Iran, which backs Hezbollah. The two regional powers back competing factions in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and Yemen. After returning to Lebanon this week, he shelved the decision on Wednesday at the request of President Michel Aoun, easing a crisis that had deepened tensions in the Middle East. Following his announcement, made on Lebanon s independence day, hundreds of Hariri supporters packed the streets near his house in central Beirut, waving the blue flag of his Future Movement political party. On Saturday, he said that his decision to wait instead of officially resigning is to give a chance to discuss and look into demands that will make Lebanon neutral and allow it to enforce its  disassociation  policy.  Disassociation  is widely understood in Lebanon to mean its policy of staying out of regional conflicts. The regional role played by the Hezbollah political and military movement has greatly alarmed Saudi Arabia, Hariri s long-time ally. On Saturday, Hezbollah s International Relations Officer Ammar Moussawi said that the Shi ite group is ready to reach understandings with  our partners in the country , and that the group is open to real dialogue and cooperation with all, Lebanon s state news agency NNA reported. Moussawi added that Hariri s resignation, which he said was done under coercion from Riyadh, was a spark that aimed to ignite Lebanon. Top Lebanese Druze politician Walid Jumblatt on Saturday called on Saudi Arabia to enter dialogue with Iran and said that the kingdom s modernization plans could not work while Riyadh was engaged in a war in Yemen. ",1
13855,Family of Lebanon PM Hariri visit French president in Paris,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron on Saturday received members of Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri s family in Paris, days after intervening to facilitate Hariri s departure from Saudi Arabia, Hariri s press office said. Hariri resigned as prime minister in a video broadcast from Riyadh on Nov. 4. After intervention by France he returned to Lebanon this week and postponed his resignation at the request of Lebanese President Michel Aoun while a  dialogue  takes place.  Top Lebanese officials have said Riyadh was holding Hariri against his will and forced him to resign. Saudi Arabia has denied this.  Hariri s office said his wife Lara, daughter Louloua and one of his two sons, Abdelaziz, arrived in France on Thursday  for a holiday  and will stay in Paris for a few days. Hariri is a dual Saudi-Lebanese citizen and the two children attend schools in Saudi.  Hariri thanked Macron and his wife on Twitter for inviting them to the Elysee Palace. ",1
13856,Ousted Zimbabwe finance minister Chombo faces corruption charges,"HARARE (Reuters) - Former Zimbabwe finance minister Ignatius Chombo, among those detained by the military before Robert Mugabe resigned as president, was charged on Saturday with corruption, including trying to defraud the central bank in 2004. The court appearance was the first time Chombo had been seen in public since being detained after the military seized power in  Operation Restore Legacy , which it said was meant to remove the  criminals  around Mugabe. Chombo, a Mugabe ally who had been promoted to finance minister in October, told the court that he was kept blindfolded for nine days after being arrested at his home on Nov. 15.  His lawyer has said he was beaten in detention, although Chombo made no mention of that and had no injuries visible as he stood before magistrates in Harare. Several members of a group allied to Mugabe and his wife Grace were detained and expelled from the ruling party, including Chombo, the ousted head of the influential ZANU-PF youth league Kudzanai Chipanga and a deposed leader in the party s youth wing, Innocent Hamandishe.  Some supporters of the new president, Emmerson Mnangagwa, have been calling for unspecified action against the so-called G40 group that backed Mugabe and his wife. Chombo, Chipanga and Hamandishe were allied to the G40. Before his inauguration, Mnangagwa on Thursday urged citizens not to undertake any form of  vengeful retribution . The state prosecutor said Chombo was charged three counts of corruption, including attempting to defraud the Zimbabwean central bank in 2004, when he was local government minister. He was not asked to enter a plea by the state. Chombo showed no emotion while the charges were read. The court ordered Chombo detained until Monday when his bail application will be heard. Describing his arrest, when his wife had also been present, Chombo told the court:  While we stood in the room, there rushed in between five and six people wearing masks and all of them had guns. The guns were pointing at us.  He said he suffered lacerations on his left side when he fell as the soldiers led him out of his house to a car. Chombo s lawyer, Lovemore Madhuku, said on Friday Chombo was admitted to hospital with injuries sustained from beatings he received in military custody.  Chombo had no visible injuries and appeared calm, chatting with the police guarding him when the court took a break. Chombo was handed over to the police by the military. The police said they had no information on Chombo s injuries when asked to comment. A former university lecturer and Mugabe s ally, Chombo was promoted in an October cabinet reshuffle from the interior ministry to the finance portfolio, against the backdrop of a severe shortage of the U.S. dollar used by Zimbabwe. In his main act as new finance minister, Chombo told parliament on Nov. 9 that Zimbabwe s budget deficit would soar to $1.82 billion or 11.2 percent of gross domestic product this year from an initial target of $400 million. In the same court, Chipanga faced charges of making statements aimed at undermining public confidence in the defence forces and was also detained until Monday when his bail application will be heard. Hamandishe faced six counts of kidnapping and one of publishing falsehoods and was detained in custody until Dec. 8. Mugabe s fall after 37 years in power was triggered by a battle to succeed him that pitted Mnangagwa against Mugabe s much younger wife Grace, who is 52. Mnangagwa, 75, the former vice president sacked by Mugabe this month, was sworn in as president on Friday. The 93-year-old Mugabe, who had led Zimbabwe from independence in 1980, stepped down on Tuesday after the army seized power and the ruling party turned against him. On Friday, Zimbabwe s Judge President George Chiweshe nullified Mugabe s decision to fire Mnangagwa as his deputy - a move that triggered the military intervention. In his inauguration speech, Mnangagwa laid out a grand vision to revitalise Zimbabwe s ravaged economy and vowed to rule on behalf of all the country s citizens. The main opposition, the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), said Mnangagwa s speech  sounded like he was reading from the MDC policy documents , it said in a statement.  As a party, we are flattered to note that President Mnangagwa seems to have radically departed from the usual ZANU-PF drivel such as hate-filled language, empty sloganeering and the rabid promotion of racism and retribution against perceived political foes, both domestically and internationally,  it said. The MDC demanded concrete action to investigate human rights abuses, steps to tackle corruption, plans for free and fair elections next year and assurances that the military would return to their barracks and stay out of politics. In the early hours of Saturday, armoured vehicles and soldiers that had been stationed outside government buildings, parliament and the courts returned to Inkomo Barracks outside Harare, one of the soldiers manning the vehicles said. ",1
13857,U.S. warns of repercussions for Pakistan over freed militant,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House said on Saturday there would be repercussions for U.S.-Pakistan relations unless Islamabad took action to detain and charge a newly freed Islamist accused of masterminding a 2008 assault in Mumbai, India. A Pakistani court ordered the release on Wednesday of Hafiz Saeed, who was put under house arrest in January after years of living freely in Pakistan, one of the sore points in its fraying relationship with the United States. His freedom had also infuriated its arch-foe India. The White House on Saturday urged Pakistan to arrest Saeed, calling for him to be prosecuted over the Mumbai attack that killed 166 people, including Americans.  If Pakistan does not take action to lawfully detain Saeed and charge him for his crimes, its inaction will have repercussions for bilateral relations and for Pakistan s global reputation,  the White House said in a statement. This is the first time the United States has acknowledged that the recent decision could have an impact on relations between the two countries, who are allies but view each other with suspicion.  Saeed has repeatedly denied involvement in the Mumbai attacks in which 10 gunmen attacked targets in India s largest city, including two luxury hotels, a Jewish center and a train station in a rampage that lasted several days. The violence brought nuclear-armed neighbors Pakistan and India to the brink of war. The United States had offered a $10 million bounty for information leading to the arrest and conviction of Saeed, who heads the Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD). Members say the JuD is a charity but the United States says it is a front for the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) militant group. The White House said Pakistan s failure to charge Saeed sent a  a deeply troubling message about Pakistan s commitment to (combating) international terrorism.  It added that it also was counter to Pakistan s claim that it did not provide sanctuary to militants.  President Donald Trump has accused Pakistan of harboring  agents of chaos  and providing safe havens to militant groups waging an insurgency against a U.S.-backed government in Kabul. Pakistan argues that it has done a great deal to help the United States in tracking down terrorists. U.S. official expressed hope that relations between the two countries could improve after a kidnapped U.S.-Canadian couple and their three children were freed in Pakistan in October, after the couple was abducted in neighboring Afghanistan. Michael Kugelman, of the Woodrow Wilson Center think tank in Washington, said he did not expect an imminent change in relations between the two countries, but Saeed s release would be a critical point for Washington as it considers it options.  This could move the U.S. closer to adapting a largely symbolic but nonetheless major punitive step - the revocation of Pakistan s non-NATO ally status, which would be a big reputational blow for Pakistan,  Kugelman said. Pakistan won major non-NATO ally status in 2004 from the George Bush administration, in what was at the time seen in part as recognition of its importance in the U.S. battle against al Qaeda and Taliban insurgents.  Non-NATO ally status is a designation given by the U.S. government to close allies who have a strategic working relationship with U.S. Armed Forces but are not members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.   ",1
13858,"Pakistan government calls in army after police, Islamists clash","ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan s government on Saturday called on the army to help clear a sit-in by Islamist hard-liners blockading the capital after police clashed with activists and religious protests spread to other cities.  More than 100 people were wounded in Saturday s clashes, including at least 65 members of the security forces, according to reports from hospitals. Protesters said four of their activists had been killed, but police said there had been no deaths. Television footage showed a police vehicle on fire, heavy curtains of smoke and fires burning in the streets as officers in heavy riot gear advanced. Protesters, some wearing gas masks, fought back in scattered battles across empty highways and surrounding neighbourhoods.  By nightfall, protests spread to several other big cities with activists brandishing sticks and attacking cars in some areas. New demonstrators had joined the camp in Faizabad, just outside Islamabad, in a stand-off with police,  Private TV stations were ordered off the air, with only state-run television broadcasting. Facebook, Twitter and YouTube were also blocked in many areas. About 1,000 activists from Tehreek-e-Labaik, a new hard-line Islamist political party, have blockaded the main road into the capital for two weeks, accusing the law minister of blasphemy against Islam and demanding his dismissal and arrest.  We are in our thousands. We will not leave. We will fight until end,  Tehreek-e-Labaik party spokesman Ejaz Ashrafi told Reuters by telephone from the scene. Tehreek-e-Labaik is one of two new ultra-religious political movements that have risen up in recent months and seem set to play a major role in elections that must be held by summer next year, though they are unlikely to win a majority. Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal told Reuters in a message on Saturday night that the government had  requisitioned  the military assistance  for law and order duty according to the constitution . The ruling party of former prime minister Nawaz Sharif - who was disqualified by the Supreme Court in July and is facing a corruption trial - has a fraught history with the military, which in 1999 launched a coup to oust Sharif from an earlier term. Earlier in the day, Iqbal said the protests were part of a conspiracy to weaken the government, which is now run by Sharif s allies under a new prime minister, Shahid Khaqan Abbasi.  There are attempts to create a chaos in (the) country,  Iqbal said on state-run Pakistan TV.  I have to say with regret that a political party that is giving its message to people based on a very sacred belief is being used in the conspiracy that is aimed at spreading anarchy in the country,  Iqbal added, without saying who he considered responsible. Pakistan s army chief on Saturday called on the civilian government to end the protest while  avoiding violence from both sides . Opposition leader Imran Khan called for early elections, saying the  incompetent and dithering  administration had allowed a breakdown of governance. The clashes began on Saturday when police launched an operation involving some 4,000 officers to disperse around 1,000 activists and break up their camp, police official Saood Tirmizi told Reuters. The protesters have paralysed daily life in the capital, and have defied court orders to disband. Tehreek-e-Labaik blames the law minister, Zahid Hamid, for wording in an electoral law that changed a religious oath proclaiming Mohammad the last prophet of Islam to the words  I believe , a change the party says amounts to blasphemy. The government put the issue down to a clerical error and swiftly changed the language back. Tehreek-e-Laibak was born out of a protest movement lionizing Mumtaz Qadri, a bodyguard of the governor of Punjab province who gunned down his boss in 2011 over his call to reform strict blasphemy laws. The party won a surprisingly strong 7.6 percent of the vote in a by-election in Peshawar last month. The government had tried to negotiate an end to the sit-in, fearing violence during a crackdown similar to 2007, when clashes between authorities and supporters of a radical Islamabad mosque led to the deaths of more than 100 people. Despite the police crackdown, the protesters were largely still in place by nightfall and Tehreek-e-Labaik leader Khadim Hussain Rizvi, a prominent cleric, remained at the site, party activist Mohammad Shafiq Ameeni said. Four protesters had died in the police crackdown, he added. By late afternoon, Tehreek-e-Labaik supporters were coming out on the streets in other Pakistani cities in support. Police fired tear gas in Karachi, Pakistan s largest city, to try to disperse about 500 demonstrators near the airport. Outside the northwestern city of Peshawar, about 300 protesters blocked the motorway to Islamabad and started attacking vehicles with stones and sticks. In the eastern city of Lahore, party supporters blocked three roads into the city.  ",1
13859,Support for Irish PM's party falls as snap election nears,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Support for Ireland s governing Fine Gael party fell in a poll on Saturday as a political crisis that has left the country three days away from the calling of a snap election showed no sign of being resolved. Prime Minister Leo Varadkar s minority government was on the brink on Friday after the party propping it up submitted a motion of no confidence in the deputy prime minister, weeks before a summit on Britain s plans to leave the European Union where Ireland will play a key role. Varadkar has said that if the motion put down by Fianna Fail, the main opposition party, is not withdrawn by Tuesday, he would be forced to hold an election before Christmas. Support for his party dropped two points to 27 percent in the Sunday Business Post/Red C poll, only marginally ahead of the 25.5 percent it achieved at last year s election and its worst performance in recent opinion polls. Fellow center-right party Fianna Fail rose to 26 percent from 25 percent a month ago and leftwing opposition Sinn Fein were up two points to 16 percent, both also marginally higher than the last election. The survey was taken between November 20 and 24, the day the crisis escalated rapidly and suggested the parties would struggle to form anything but another minority administration.  Again (the poll) suggests no one wins at a Christmas election if these numbers hold,  Richard Colwell, the chief executive of Red C, wrote on Twitter. Varadkar has said that there is still time to avoid the snap poll but neither side were stepping down on Saturday ahead of the motion of no-confidence, to be debated on Tuesday.  Although the leaders will do their best, it is unlikely that the positions are going to shift between now and Tuesday, and if that is the case the only way we can prevent an election is for the Tanaiste to resign,  senior Fianna Fail MP Jim O Callaghan told national broadcaster RTE. The Tanaiste is the name given to the position of deputy head of government in Ireland, currently held by Frances Fitzgerald. Health Minister Simon Harris said the price of any talks over the next three days  will not be the head  of the deputy prime minister and that the agreement with Fianna Fail that allows the minority government to function was  extremely badly damaged.  Varadkar is due to play a major role in the Dec. 14-15 EU summit on Brexit, telling fellow leaders whether Dublin believes sufficient progress has been made on the future border between EU-member Ireland and Britain s province of Northern Ireland. The government has said enough progress has not been made to date. The border is one of three issues Brussels wants broadly resolved before it decides whether to move the talks on to a second phase about trade and EU officials have said a snap election in Ireland would complicate that task. ",1
13860,Pakistan orders TV channels to go off air during crackdown on Islamist protest,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani authorities ordered private television channels to go off air on Saturday during a police and paramilitary crackdown on Islamist protesters in the capital. The suspension was ordered by the Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority for violating media regulations showing live coverage of a security operation, a statement from the regulator said. State-run Pakistan Television continued to  broadcast, but aired a talk show discussing politics. Pakistani police used tear gas and watercannon and fought running battles with stone-throwing Islamist activists, as they moved to clear a protest by the religious hard-liners who have blocked main routes into Islamabad for more than two weeks. ",1
13861,Pakistani government calls in army to help disperse Islamist protesters,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan s government on Saturday called on the military to help police break up a sit-in by religious hardliners who have blocked the main routes into Islamabad for more than two weeks, state television reported.  Army called in to control law and situation in capital,  official Pakistan TV reported, citing an Interior Ministry notification. Pakistani police fought running battles on Saturday with stone-throwing activists of the ultra-religious Tehreek-e-Labaik party but failed to dislodge the activist who are blocking roads into Islamabad. By nightfall new demonstrators had joined the camp as protests spread to other main cities with activists brandishing sticks and attacking cars in some areas. ",1
13862,"Iran's Rouhani says Sochi summit 'right step, at right time' for Syria","LONDON (Reuters) - The trilateral meeting between Iran, Russia and Turkey in the Russian resort of Sochi this week was  a right step, at the right time  for stability in Syria, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told Syrian counterpart Bashar al-Assad. Russia s Vladimir Putin won the backing of Turkey and Iran on Wednesday to host a Syrian peace congress, taking the central role in a major diplomatic push to finally end a civil war all but won by Assad.  Sochi summit   was a right step at the right time,  Rouhani was quoted as saying by state news agency IRNA on Saturday in a phone call with Tehran s main regional ally.  He said a national congress to hold face-to-face talks between government and opposition could be  a step towards stability and security of Syria.  Iran has signed large economic contracts with Syria, reaping what appear to be lucrative rewards for helping Assad in his fight against rebel groups and Islamic State militants.  Tehran is ready to have an active role in reconstruction of Syria,  Rouhani added. The chief commander of Iran s Revolutionary Guards, who has sent weapons and thousands of soldiers to Syria to prop up Assad s regime, also said on Thursday that their forces were ready to help rebuild Syria and bring about a lasting  ceasefire  there. Syria s six-year civil war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and forced millions to flee in the worst refugee crisis since World War Two. In a joint statement in Sochi, the three leaders called on the Syrian government and moderate opposition to  participate constructively  in the planned congress, to be held in the same city on a date they did not specify. Saudi Arabia, Iran s arch rival in the Middle East, also sponsored a meeting on Wednesday at a luxury hotel in Riyadh for the Syrian opposition groups. Regional tensions have risen in recent weeks between Sunni Muslim monarchy Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran. Saudi Crown Prince called the Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei  the new Hitler of the Middle East  in an interview with the New York Times published on Thursday. Israel also views Iran as the main threat in the region, and a cabinet minister said this month Israel has had covert contacts with Saudi Arabia.  It is very odd that a regional country considers Iranian nation as its enemy and the Zionist regime as its friend,  Rouhani told Assad in the call. The next round of U.N.-backed peace talks in Geneva aimed at ending the Syrian civil war will begin on Nov. 28. ",1
13863,Former Zimbabwe finmin Chombo detained until bail hearing Monday,"HARARE (Reuters) - Ousted Zimbabwe finance minister Ignatius Chombo, charged with three counts of corruption in offences that allegedly took place more than a decade ago, will be detained until Monday, when the court will rule on his bail application. Chombo was among those detained by the military when it seized power before Robert Mugabe resigned as president on Tuesday.  Several members of a group allied to Mugabe and his wife Grace were detained and expelled from the ruling party, including Chombo. ",1
13864,Russia's Putin signs 'foreign agents' media law,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin signed into law on Saturday new measures allowing authorities to list foreign media outlets as  foreign agents  in response to what Moscow says is unacceptable U.S. pressure on Russian media. The new law has been rushed through both Russian houses of parliament in the last two weeks. It will now allow Moscow to force foreign media to brand news they provide to Russians as the work of  foreign agents  and to disclose their funding sources. A copy of the law was published on the Russian government s online legislation database on Saturday, saying it entered into force from the day of its publication. Russia s move against U.S. media is part of the fallout from allegations that Russia interfered in last year s U.S. presidential election in favor of Donald Trump. U.S. intelligence officials have accused the Kremlin of using Russian media organizations it finances to influence U.S. voters, and Washington has since required Russian state broadcaster RT to register a U.S.-based affiliate company as a  foreign agent . The Kremlin has repeatedly denied meddling in the election and said the restrictions on Russian broadcasters in the United States are an attack on free speech.  The Russian Justice Ministry last week published a list of nine U.S.-backed news outlets that it said could be affected by the changes. It said it had written to the U.S. government-sponsored Voice of America (VOA) and Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL), along with seven separate Russian or local-language news outlets run by RFE/RL. ",1
13865,Russian bombers hit Islamic State targets in Syria: agencies,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian long-range bombers hit Islamic State targets in the northeast of Syria on Saturday, Russian news agencies cited the Russian Defense Ministry as saying. ",1
13866,Syria's Kurds to hold second phase of elections in north,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Elections organized by the Kurdish-led authorities of northern Syria will be held on Dec. 1, part of a process leading to the creation of a local parliament by early 2018, a spokesman said on Saturday. Ibrahim Ibrahim, a spokesman for the Syrian Kurdish party, said the elections would be for local town and city councils, with more than 30 parties and entities participating. Northern Syrians held the first phase of elections in September, where voters picked leaders for some 3,700 communes spread across three regions of the north where Kurdish groups have established autonomous rule since 2011, when Syria s civil war erupted. Elections will culminate in January with the election of an assembly that will act as a parliament for a federal system of government in northern Syria. The election points to the ambitions of Kurdish groups and their allies that control close to a quarter of Syria, whose stated aim is to secure autonomy as part of a decentralized Syria. The groups insist they do not want to follow the example of the Kurds of northern Iraq, whose vote on an independence referendum in September prompted Western opposition and fierce resistance from Baghdad, Ankara and Tehran. Syria s main Kurdish groups hope for a new phase of negotiations that will shore up their autonomy in northern Syria. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s government, however, is asserting its claim to areas captured by the Syrian Defense Forces (SDF) from the Islamic State in more forceful terms. Earlier this month, a top adviser to Assad said what happened in Iraqi Kurdistan  should be a lesson  to the SDF, adding that she does not think  any government can discuss with any group when it comes to the topic of the country s unity . ",1
13867,France's Macron unveils plan to curb violence against women,"PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron on Saturday unveiled measures aimed at educating the public and schoolchildren about sexism and  violence against women and improving police support for victims. During his campaign Macron, who won the presidential election in May, promised to rethink sexual politics and gender equality, which he made a national cause for his five-year mandate. The Harvey Weinstein scandal in the United States has accelerated a rethink of attitudes toward sexual harassment in France, a country that cherishes its self-image as the land of seduction and romance.  Let s seal a pact of equality between men and women,  Macron said in a speech marking the International Day for Elimination of Violence Against Women. About violence and sexual abuse, he said:  It is essential that shame changes camp.  During his speech, Macron observed a minute s silence for the 123 women killed by their partner or ex-partner in 2016. Measures announced include educating secondary school children about pornography and simplifying the system for rape and assault victims to go to the police. Proposals that could be included in a 2018 draft law include criminalizing street harassment and extending the statute of limitation for the rape of minors to 30 years from 20 years. Macron also said he was personally in favor of setting the age of sexual consent at 15. Currently France has no minimum age for sexual consent. Planned changes to the police system include allowing victims of rape and sexual assault to make their initial complaints online, before going to a police station to bring criminal charges. Other measures include  on demand  bus stops, where women can stop a bus anywhere at night so they can get home safely.  French feminist group Osez le F minisme said the measures were going in the right direction but must be accompanied by adequate funding.  Without funding, any communication, training, awareness or help plan for the victims will be useless,  the statement said. France has often debated sexual harassment over the past decade following scandals involving French politicians. Six years ago a sex scandal forced former finance minister Dominique Strauss-Kahn to resign as head of the International Monetary Fund, provoking a round of soul-searching in France about sexual abuse that goes undetected in the upper echelons of power. ",1
13868,Sacked Catalan leader challenges EU to respect election outcome,"OOSTKAMP, Belgium (Reuters) - Catalonia s former leader challenged Spain and the European Union to respect the result of Catalan regional elections in December, saying Madrid would have to end direct rule if separatists win. Speaking from Belgium where he fled earlier this month, Carles Puigdemont said the vote was the most important in Catalonia s history.   Will you accept the results of December 21 if the pro-independence camp wins?,  he asked after supporters chanted  Puigdemont, our president  during a speech to unveil his list of candidates for the vote.  Do you commit to ending (direct rule) if that is the result?  said Puigdemont, the public face of the move for independence who is wanted in Spain for rebellion and sedition. After dissolving Catalonia s parliament and sacking theregional government in response to the region declaring itself independent on Oct. 27, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoysaid a new election would be held in Catalonia and called onPuigdemont to take part. Pro-Catalonia independence parties are expected to win next month although they may fall short of a majority of seats in parliament needed to revive the secession campaign, polls show.  On December 21 we must tell Madrid, the EU and the tripartite support for direct rule that democracy in Catalonia must not be undermined. Never again in Catalonia!  Puigdemont said from the town of Oostkamp near Bruges, part of Belgium s Flemish region that has its own separatist aspirations. EU leaders are extremely wary of Catalonia s search for independence because it has stirred separatist feelings far beyond Spanish borders.  European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker this month in Madrid called on Europe to reject what he called separatist poison. A Belgian court has granted Puigdemont conditional release but he is barred from leaving Belgium without a judge s consent. ",1
13869,Lebanon's Jumblatt calls for Saudi-Iranian discussions,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Top Lebanese Druze politician Walid Jumblatt on Saturday called on Saudi Arabia to enter dialogue with Iran and said that the Kingdom s modernization plans could not work while Riyadh was engaged in a war in Yemen. Lebanon was thrust back onto the frontline of a regional power tussle this month between Saudi Arabia and Iran. The two regional powers back competing factions in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon and Yemen, the last of which has become a central arena of the proxy battle.   A settlement at minimum with the Islamic Republic (of Iran) gives us in Lebanon more strength and determination to cooperate to enforce the policy of disassociation,  Jumblatt wrote in a Tweet on Saturday.  Disassociation  is widely understood in Lebanon to mean its policy of staying out of regional conflicts, which Hariri has been stressing since his resignation, a reference to Hezbollah whose regional military role is a source of deep concern in Saudi Arabia Saudi policy of confronting Iran more aggressively around the region has been spearheaded by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who is also attempting to push through difficult and extensive internal reforms.  Saudi Arabia has played an important role in Lebanon in the past, helping to broker the end of its civil war in 1990 and contributing to reconstruction afterwards.  But the extent of its role in the Nov. 4 resignation announcement by Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri has been widely debated in Lebanon and led some Lebanese to fear that Riyadh sought to destabilize their country. Addressing Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, Jumblatt said:  The challenges are tremendous and the modernization of the Kingdom is an Islamic and Arabic necessity but this mission cannot be successful while the Yemen war continues.  The Druze are a minority religious sect present in Syria, Israel, the Palestinian Territories and Lebanon. The Saudi-led coalition has been targeting the Iran-aligned Houthi movement since 2015, after the Houthis seized parts of Yemen including the capital Sanaa, forcing President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee. On Wednesday, the coalition said it would allow aid in through the Red Sea ports of Hodeidah and Salif, as well as U.N. flights to Sanaa, more than two weeks after blockading the country.  Enough of the destruction and siege in Yemen and enough of the human and material drain on the Kingdom s people and resources,  Jumblatt said.  Let the Yemeni people choose who it wants and you, Your Excellency the Prince, be the judge, the reformer, and the big brother as your ancestors were.  Jumblatt also said it is very difficult to stop the war unless issues are overcome and discussions are held with Iranians. On Friday, Jumblatt criticized the way Hariri had been treated by  some Saudi circles , the first time he has appeared to direct blame at Riyadh over Hariri s resignation this month.  Lebanese officials say Saudi Arabia put Hariri under effective house arrest in Riyadh and forced him to declare his resignation on Nov. 4. Saudi Arabia has denied holding Hariri against his will or forcing him to resign. ",1
13870,Bangladesh says agreed with Myanmar for UNHCR to assist Rohingya's return,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Bangladesh and Myanmar have agreed to take help from the U.N. refugee agency to safely repatriate hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims who had fled violence in Myanmar, Bangladesh said on Saturday. More than 600,000 Rohingya sought sanctuary in Bangladesh after the military in mostly Buddhist Myanmar launched a brutal counter-insurgency operation in their villages across the northern parts of Rakhine State following attacks by Rohingya militants on an army base and police posts on Aug. 25. Faced with a burgeoning humanitarian crisis, the two governments signed a pact on Thursday agreeing that the return of the Rohingya to Myanmar should start within two months. Uncertainty over whether the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) would have a role had prompted rights groups to insist that outside monitors were needed to safeguard the Rohingya s return. Addressing a news conference in Dhaka, Bangladesh Foreign Minister Abul Hassan Mahmood Ali gave assurances that the UNHCR would play some part.  Both countries agreed to take help from the UNHCR in the Rohingya repatriation process,  Ali said.  Myanmar will take its assistance as per their requirement.  The diplomatic breakthrough came just ahead of a visit by Pope Francis to Myanmar and Bangladesh from Nov. 26 to Dec. 2 that is aimed at promoting  reconciliation, forgiveness and peace . While the violence in Rakhine has mostly ceased, Rohingya have continued to stream out of Myanmar, saying they have largely lost access to sources of livelihood such as their farms, fisheries and markets.  Thousands of Rohingya, most of them old people, women and children, remain stranded on beaches near the border, waiting for a boat to take them to Bangladesh. Ali said a joint working group, to be formed within three weeks, will fix the final terms to start the repatriation process.  After leaving the refugee camps in Bangladesh, Rohingya who opt to be voluntarily repatriated will be moved to camps in Myanmar, the minister said.  Most houses were burnt down. Where they will live after going back? So, it is not possible to physically return to their homes,  Ali said. Myanmar officials have said returnees will be moved to camps only temporarily while so-called  model villages  are constructed near their former homes. Win Myat Aye, the minister for social welfare, relief and resettlement who heads a Myanmar government panel on rehabilitation in Rakhine, said India and China had offered to provide  modular houses  for returnees. The U.N. and the United States have described the Myanmar military s actions as  ethnic cleansing , and rights groups have accused the security forces of committing atrocities, including mass rape, arson and killings. The United States also warned it could impose sanctions on individuals responsible for alleged abuses. Led by Nobel peace prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar is in the early stages of a transition to democracy after decades of military rule. But civilian government is less than two years old, and still shares power with the generals, who retain autonomy over matters of defense, security and borders. The commander of Myanmar s armed forces, Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, has denied that soldiers committed any atrocities. On Friday he met China s President Xi Jinping in Beijing having been told earlier in the week by a top Chinese general that China wanted stronger ties with Myanmar s military. Under the deal struck with Bangladesh, Myanmar agreed to take measures to see that the returnees will not be settled in temporary places for a long time.  Myanmar plans to issue them an identity card on their return, although most Rohingya have so far rejected a scheme to give them  national verification cards . While the agreement says Bangladesh would seek the U.N. refugee agency s assistance on the process, Myanmar - which has largely blocked aid agencies from working in northern Rakhine since August - only agreed  that the services of the UNHCR could be drawn upon as needed and at the appropriate time . Win Myat Aye told Reuters on Saturday that Myanmar would discuss  technical assistance  with the UNHCR, but had not reached a formal agreement with the agency. There were already hundreds of thousands of Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh before the latest exodus, and the Bangladesh minister said they could also be considered for the repatriation, under the terms of the agreement. The agreement, however, says they will be  considered separately on the conclusion of the present agreement.  Some independent estimates suggest there are still a few hundred thousand Rohingya remaining in Rakhine. ",1
13871,Chinese police detain teacher in kindergarten abuse inquiry,"BEIJING (Reuters) - Beijing police investigating alleged child abuse at a kindergarten run by RYB Education Inc said on Saturday they had detained a teacher, in the latest scandal to hit China s booming childcare industry. Police in the Chaoyang district said it will further investigate claims of abuse after China s official Xinhua news agency reported this week they were checking allegations that children at the nursery were  reportedly sexually molested, pierced by needles and given unidentified pills . Chaoyang district police said in an online posting on Saturday they had detained a 22-year-old teacher, surnamed Liu from the Hebei province adjacent to Beijing. Police have also arrested another person, also surnamed Liu, for allegedly disrupting social order by spreading false information about the alleged kindergarten abuse, it said in a separate posting. RYB s New York-listed shares plunged 38.4 percent on Friday as the scandal sparked outrage among parents and the public.      The second woman, 31, and a Beijing native, was arrested on Thursday, police said. Parents said their children, some as young as three, gave accounts of a naked adult male conducting purported  medical check-ups  on unclothed students, other media said.  RYB provides early education services in China and at the end of June was operating 80 kindergartens and had franchised an additional 175, covering 130 cities and towns in China.   Meanwhile, Beijing city authorities have urged RYB to remove the head of the kindergarten, Xinhua reported. The Chaoyang district has launched an investigation into all childcare facilities in its area, the report said.  ",1
13872,Militant gunmen in Egypt mosque attack carried 'Islamic State' flag: prosecutor,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Militant gunmen who killed more than 300 people in an attack on a mosque in Egypt s North Sinai on Friday were carrying an Islamic State flag and were between 25 to 30 in number, the public prosecutor s office said in a statement on Saturday. The gunmen, some wearing masks and military-style uniforms, surrounded the mosque blocking windows and a doorway and opened fire inside with automatic rifles, the statement citing their investigation and interviews with wounded survivors.  They numbered between 25 and 30, carrying the Daesh flag and took up positions in front of the mosque door and its 12 windows with automatic rifles,  the statement said using an Arabic term for Islamic State.  ",1
13873,Death toll in Egypt mosque attack rises to 305 killed: state news agency,"CAIRO (Reuters) - The death toll in a devastating militant attack on a mosque on Friday in Egypt s North Sinai has risen to 305 killed, including 27 children, and 128 more people were wounded, MENA state news agency said on Saturday. ",1
13874,Vietnam prosecutes bank officials in corruption crackdown," (This Nov. 24 story has been refiled to correct paragraph eight to say former CEO was not among the five people prosecuted.) HANOI (Reuters) - Vietnam has prosecuted five former officials of the unlisted Dong A Bank for violating rules that  lead to serious consequences , police said on Friday, part of a widening investigation involving the Ho Chi Minh City-based lender. Energy and banking firms are at the heart of a sweeping crackdown on corruption in the communist state, a campaign that made global headlines this year when Germany accused Vietnam of kidnapping a Vietnamese businessman in Berlin. The troubled, partly private Dong A Bank is among several lenders under scrutiny of the authorities who say they want to tackle corruption, including abuse of power and violation of lending rules.  The Investigation Police Department of the Ministry of Public Security is urgently investigating the case,  police said in a statement.  Abuse of trust to appropriate assets, deliberate violation of state regulations on economic management that led to serious consequences and the violation of lending provisions ... occurred at Dong A Commercial Joint Stock Bank (DAB),  police  said. The five former officials were banned from leaving their homes, police said. Dong A Bank said it would respond to a Reuters request for comment later in the day. The bank s former chief executive officer Tran Phuong Binh was arrested in 2016 along with four other executives. The central bank, the State Bank of Vietnam, had placed Dong A Bank under special supervision in 2015  for violations in financial management and credit grants  by some executives. The ministry of public security said in a statement on Friday that 17 people have been arrested in the Dong A Bank fraud case.  ",1
13875,French minister believes banks had 'good reasons' to close National Front accounts,"PARIS (Reuters) - French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said on Saturday he believed the banks that closed the accounts of far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen and her party had good reasons to do so. But Le Maire also told France Inter radio that he had asked the central Bank of France to look into whether the law had been complied with and that its governor would release his conclusions on Monday. Le Pen earlier this week accused two banks   Societe Generale and HSBC   of launching a  banking fatwa  to silence her National Front party by closing bank accounts belonging to her and her party. The banks said they had acted within regulatory requirements but declined to offer fuller explanations.  If Societe Generale closes the accounts of the National Front, and also I point out that another bank closed the personal account of Marine Le Pen, it s because it had good reasons to do so. I trust French banking institutions,  Le Maire said.  My duty as economy and finance Minister is to verify the law has been complied with. So I asked the Bank of France.... I am convinced that the law has been complied with and that these banks had good reasons to take these decisions.  Le Pen was defeated in this year s presidential election and her party fared poorly in parliamentary elections. She has accused French banks of being politically biased for not lending to her campaigns. ",1
13876,Beijing police detains teacher related to alleged abuse at RYB kindergarten,"BEIJING (Reuters) - The police of Beijing s Chaoyang district have detained a teacher on suspicion of abuse at a RYB kindergarten, the police said in an statement posted on its official Weibo account. The Chaoyang police have also arrested another person for disrupting social disorder by spreading false information about the alleged kindergarten abuse and causing odious social influence, it said in a separate Weibo posting. ",1
13877,Japan coast guard finds body of dead male suspected from North Korea,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s Coast Guard found the body of a male and parts of a wooden boat suspected to be from North Korea on the coast of one of Japan s outlying islands on Saturday, an official said. The Coast Guard made the discovery around 6:30 a.m. on Saturday (2130 GMT on Friday) on Sado island, which is off the coast of Japan s northwestern prefecture of Niigata, a coast guard official said, declining to give his name. The guard also found a pack of cigarettes written in Korean and other personal belongings with Korean written on them near the body, the official said. The cause of death is still unknown, the official said. The discovery on Saturday marks the second time this month that parts of a wooden boat suspected to be from North Korea have washed up on the shores of Sado island, the official said. Finding the body will add to the increasing unease in Japan and South Korea over North Korea s nuclear arms program after U.S. President Donald Trump redesignated North Korea a state sponsor of terrorism, allowing the U.S. government to levy additional sanctions. On Friday, police found eight North Korean men near a boat at a seaside marina in northern Japan. The men appeared to be fishermen whose boat had trouble, rather than defectors, the police said. Last week, the Coast Guard rescued three North Korean men on a capsized boat in the Sea of Japan who said they were fishermen and were later sent home aboard a North Korean vessel. A North Korean soldier dramatically defected to South Korea last week after being shot and wounded by his country s military as he dashed across the heavily guarded Demilitarized Zone between the two countries.   ",1
13878,Japan to spend around $17 billion to subsidize education: media,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan s government will set aside around 2 trillion yen ($17.93 billion) to subsidize education costs and improve elderly care as part of an economic package due early next month, the Asahi newspaper said on Saturday. The government will earmark 800 billion yen for a new program that will offer free day care for children 3 to 5 years old and free childcare for low-income households with children up to 2 years old from April 2019, the newspaper said. The government will spend another 800 billion yen to offer free university education and more grants to low-income households that will begin in fiscal 2020, the newspaper said, without citing its sources. The package will also set aside around 100 billion yen to raise wages for workers at elderly homes and day care centers, the newspaper said. The package is expected to be formally approved on Dec. 8, the newspaper said. To fund the spending, the government will use 1.7 trillion yen in revenue from an increase in the nationwide sales tax scheduled for October 2019 and an increase in employer contributions, the newspaper said. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has made increased spending on education and assistance for low-income families a top priority after a big win in lower-house elections last month. ",1
13879,Momentum grows for another grand coalition in Germany,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Members of Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) will likely approve a renewed coalition with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives if party leaders present a convincing proposal, a member of the party s executive leadership said on Saturday. Niels Annen of the SPD, in an interview with the Passauer Neue Presse newspaper, called for quick action to form a new German government given a range of crises around the world, and said a  grand coalition  was an option that could not be excluded. SPD leader Martin Schulz on Friday agreed to hold talks with Merkel about reviving their outgoing coalition government, but said no decisions had been made and party members would have the final say on any deal. But he suggested that governing could help the SPD achieve its political aims and told the party s youth wing - which  rejected another grand coalition at a party conference - that he expected their loyalty and  constructive cooperation.  Annen said the SPD needed to hear from  the failed chancellor  about how she envisioned the future government before agreeing to another four-year tie-up with conservatives. The center-left SPD had vowed to go into opposition after suffering its worst result in 70 years in September s election, but came under intense pressure, including by German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, to rethink its position and help avert a disruptive repeat poll in Europe s largest economy. Schulz said party leaders agreed to talks out of a sense of responsibility to Germany and Europe after Merkel s attempt to form a government with two smaller parties collapsed on Sunday.  Germany urgently needs a predictable and reliable government. A grand coalition could be an option and we should not exclude it,  Annen told the newspaper, adding that the SPD was focused on  what is good for the country.  He welcomed plans to take any coalition agreement to members for a vote, and said the party should continue its restructuring efforts after the September election setback.  I m certain, if the SPD leadership makes a convincing proposal, it will be able to convince the membership,  he said. Annen cited citizens  insurance and better protection for renters as issues to hash out with conservatives. SPD deputy leader Ralf Stegner told the Funke newspaper group that Schulz would retain his leadership role, saying he continued to enjoy strong support within the party.  There is absolutely no doubt that Martin Schulz will be re-elected as party chairman with a good result,  he said. ",1
13880,Hope fades after 9 days of searching for Argentine submarine,"BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Families of the 44 crew members of a missing Argentine submarine gave up hope and went home on Friday after days of waiting at the sub s Mar del Plata naval base, saddened and angered by evidence that the vessel may have exploded. The submarine went missing nine days ago with only a one-week supply of oxygen onboard.  President Mauricio Macri said the search would continue and that he expected the submarine to be located in the days ahead. He called for a  serious and deep  investigation into the incident once the search operation was complete.  This means understanding how a submarine that had received midlife maintenance and was in perfect condition to navigate apparently suffered this explosion,  he said at a news conference. On Friday evening, navy spokesman Enrique Balbi said improving weather would allow for boats with underwater detection capabilities to conduct a search. They will scan an area around where a sound thought to be an explosion was detected on the morning of Nov. 15, the day the vessel sent its last signal.  The weather, thank God, is favorable in that search area for scanning and mapping the seabed,  Balbi said at a news conference. Macri and Balbi both declined to comment directly on the widely held fear that the crew had died. The submarine, called the San Juan, was launched in 1983 and underwent maintenance in 2008 in Argentina.  Concerns about the crew s fate have set off a fierce political debate in a society sharply divided between supporters of Macri and his free-market policies and opposition Peronists. Crew families have expressed outrage at the level of funding and maintenance of the armed forces, whose budget has gradually declined since the fall of a military dictatorship in the 1980s.     That trend continued during the first half of former populist President Cristina Fernandez s administration, before a slight rebound. Military funding has remained mostly flat since Macri took office in December 2015.   When Macri arrived in the presidency the destruction of the defense system was so complete that the first task was to restore morale,  Senate leader and Macri ally Federico Pinedo said in a radio interview on Friday.  A group of opposition lawmakers aligned with Fernandez demanded that Defense Minister Oscar Aguad testify in Congress, and called for the creation of a congressional committee to investigate the incident.  Araceli Ferreyra, a lawmaker with the leftist Evita Movement, wrote on Facebook that she was concerned about  suppression of information  by the navy early on in the search. Local news media have reported tensions between the navy and Macri s administration over lack of timely communication, which both sides have publicly denied. Marta Yanez, a federal judge from the Patagonian city of Caleta Olivia, also began an investigation into the incident at the request of the navy.  The information about the possible explosion came on Thursday from the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty Organization, an international body that runs a global network of listening posts designed to check for secret atomic blasts. Those posts had detected the  violent, non-nuclear  sound. Around 30 boats and planes and 4,000 people from 13 countries including Argentina, the United States, Britain, Chile and Brazil have joined the search for the submarine, which last transmitted its location about 480 km (300 miles) from Argentina s South Atlantic coast. A Russian plane was due to arrive in Argentina on Friday night carrying search equipment capable of reaching 6,000 meters (20,000 ft) below the sea surface, Balbi said. Relatives of the crew had arrived at Mar de Plata on Monday, filled with an optimism that had all but disappeared by Friday.      At this point, the truth is I have no hope that they will come back,  Maria Villareal, mother of one crew member, told local television on Friday morning. Others said they would remain at Mar del Plata.  I m at the base and I m going to stay until they find the submarine,  Silvina Krawczyk, sister of the sub s only female officer, Eliana Maria Krawczyk, told Reuters through the WhatsApp messaging application. Some family members accused the navy of putting their loved ones at unnecessary risk by sending them out in a more than 30-year-old vessel that they suspected was not properly maintained, an accusation the navy has denied.  They killed my brother!  a man leaving the base in a car shouted out to reporters. The older man driving the car was crying. ",1
13881,Argentina's Macri expects missing sub to be found in coming days,BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - Argentine President Mauricio Macri said on Friday that the country s navy and foreign forces would continue the search for a submarine that went missing nine days earlier and said he expected the vessel to be found over the days ahead. ,1
13882,Syrian opposition picks chief negotiator ahead of new Geneva talks,"RIYADH/AMMAN (Reuters) - Syria s main opposition group selected a new chief negotiator on Friday ahead of a new round of U.N.-backed peace negotiations with the Damascus government set to kick off next week. Nasr Hariri said the opposition was going to Geneva on Nov. 28 to hold direct talks and was ready to discuss  everything on the negotiating table . The announcement came at a summit in Riyadh where, a day before, the opposition stuck by its demand that President Bashar al-Assad play no role in an interim period, despite speculation that it could soften its stance because of Assad s battlefield strength. The opposition groups met to seek a unified position ahead of Geneva after two years of Russian military intervention that has helped Assad s government reverse major territorial losses incurred since the beginning of the war. Hariri replaces hardliner Riyad Hijab, who led the Higher Negotiations Committee at previous negotiations but abruptly quit this week, hinting that the HNC under him had faced pressures to make concessions that favored Assad. U.N. peace talks mediator Staffan de Mistura, preparing for the next round of Geneva talks, met on Friday with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who said Moscow was working with Riyadh to unify the Syrian opposition. For many years, Western and Arab countries backed the opposition demand that Assad leave office. But since Russia joined the war on behalf of Assad s government it has become increasingly clear that Assad s opponents have no path to victory on the battlefield. Russian President Vladimir Putin has called for a congress of the Syrian government and opposition to draw up a framework for the future structure of the Syrian state, adopt a new constitution and hold elections under U.N. supervision.  But he has also said that any political settlement in Syria would be finalised within the Geneva peace talks process overseen by the United Nations. The opposition has long been suspicious of the parallel diplomatic track pushed by Russia, which before the proposed Sochi congress included talks in Kazakhstan, and has insisted that political dialogue should only take place in Geneva. Hariri said Sochi did not serve the political process and called on the international community, including Russia,  to concentrate all our efforts to serve the political process according to international resolutions in Geneva under UN auspices . Alaa Arafat, who represents the  Moscow Platform  political grouping, though, said he would attend Sochi and urged others to go too, reflecting lingering tensions within the diverse opposition. Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Jubeir, who opened the summit on Wednesday pledging his country s support for unifying the opposition, praised the creation of  one negotiating team that represents everyone . Asked if there was any change in position towards Assad s future, he told reporters that Riyadh continued to support a settlement based on the U.N.-backed process at Geneva.  We support the positions of the Syrian opposition. We have from the beginning and we will continue to do so,  he said. Syria s six-year-old civil war has killed hundreds of thousands of people and forced millions to flee in the worst refugee crisis since World War Two. ",1
13883,Next round of Syria peace talks in Geneva to begin November 28: opposition chief,"RIYADH (Reuters) - The next round of U.N.-backed peace talks in Geneva aimed at ending the Syrian civil war will begin on Nov. 28, the newly appointed head of the main opposition negotiating team said early on Saturday morning. Nasr Hariri told a news conference in Riyadh that the opposition was going to Geneva to hold direct talks and was ready to discuss  everything on the negotiating table . ",1
13884,Syrian opposition chief says Sochi does not serve political process,"RIYADH (Reuters) - The chief negotiator of Syria s main opposition said early on Saturday that Russia s proposal to hold a congress of the Syrian government and opposition in Sochi did not serve the political process. Nasr Hariri called on the international community, including Russia,  to focus all our work on serving the political process according to the U.N.-sponsored Geneva track in order to save time and achieve the desired goal . ",1
13885,U.S. adjusts military support to partners in Syria: White House,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said that he had informed Turkey s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in a call that Washington is adjusting military support to partners on the ground in Syria, the White House said Friday. Turkey s presidency had previously reported that the United States would not supply weapons to the Kurdish YPG fighters in Syria. [nA4N1L2020] ",1
13886,Fire in hotel on Georgia's Black Sea coast kills 11,"TBILISI (Reuters) - A fire in a hotel in Georgia s Black Sea resort city of Batumi killed 11 people, an official said on Saturday.  Unfortunately, 11 people were killed and 19 were injured in a fire,  Giorgi Gakharia, Georgia s interior minister, told reporters. The fire started late on Friday on one floor of the Leogrand hotel and spread quickly. Batumi is about 360 km from Tbilisi, Georgia s capital.  The hotel has been scheduled to be a venue for the Miss Georgia beauty contest on Sunday. According to officials, no participants of the contest, who were staying at the hotel, were injured in the blaze. ",1
13887,Panic on London's Oxford Street after reports of shooting,"LONDON (Reuters) - Panic erupted among Christmas shopping crowds on London s Oxford Street on Friday evening as armed officers raced to respond to reports of shots being fired in the area, but police said later they had found no evidence of gunfire or casualties. Oxford Street, with its festive window displays and hundreds of overhead lights, was crammed with shoppers taking advantage of the Black Friday sales when the incident happened shortly after dusk. London s Metropolitan Police said in a statement they had found no evidence of gunfire, casualties or any suspects and that the incident, which lasted for just over an hour, had been stood down.  Given the nature of the information received, the Met responded in line with our existing operation as if the incident was terrorism, including the deployment of armed officers,  the police said in a statement. British Transport Police posted CCTV images of two men on Twitter, saying they believed that an altercation had erupted between the two men at the Oxford Circus underground station and said they would like to speak to the men, ""who they believe may have information about the incident and the circumstances around the incident."" bit.ly/2jkkVNT A Reuters witness said panicked shoppers had fled Oxford Street and the Oxford Circus underground station. The witness saw an elderly lady and a man carrying a child knocked over in the rush.  There were people running in all directions. I didn t know which way to run,  the witness said. The transport police said they had received a report of one woman suffering a minor injury in the panic. The capital s transport operator, Transport for London, said the Oxford Circus and Bond Street stations, which were briefly shut due to the incident, had later reopened. ",1
13888,Peru prosecutors say ex-president Toledo bribed by Brazil's Camargo,"LIMA (Reuters) - The Peruvian attorney general s office accused former president Alejandro Toledo on Friday of taking bribes from Brazilian construction firm Camargo Correa SA [PMORRC.UL] in exchange for a lucrative highway contract during his 2001-2006 term. An unnamed state s witness had helped uncover evidence that showed some $3.98 million in payments Camargo made to Toledo through offshore bank accounts controlled by one of Toledo s associates, the attorney general s office said in an emailed statement. Camargo did not immediately respond to requests for comment. In Lima, Toledo s attorney, Heriberto Benitez, said Toledo was innocent of the accusations.  I spoke with him yesterday, he said:  I didn t take money from anyone,  Benitez said to Reuters in a phone interview. Toledo is already wanted in Peru in connection with allegations that he took $20 million in bribes from Odebrecht[ODBES.UL], another privately owned Brazilian builder, for help winning a contract for building a different section of the same highway. Peruvian authorities are seeking Toledo s extradition from the United States. His current whereabouts is unclear, but authorities said in February that he was in California, near his alma mater Stanford University. Following a judge s order in February that he should be held in pre-trial detention, Toledo said he would not return to Peru. He has repeatedly described the probe as  political persecution . Last year Odebrecht admitted to paying millions of dollars in bribes in Peru to secure lucrative government contracts over a decade-long period, spurring a far-reaching investigation to determine which officials received them. Odebrecht and Camargo were at the center of Brazil s biggest-ever graft inquiry, known as  Operation Car Wash.  ",1
13889,Cuba marks anniversary of Fidel death as post-Castro era nears,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuba marks the first anniversary of the death of revolutionary leader Fidel Castro on Saturday with a week of vigils nationwide, as the island embarks on a political cycle that will end 60 years of the Castro brothers  rule. Fidel, a towering figure of the 20th century who built a Communist-run state on the doorstep of the United States and defied U.S. efforts to topple him, died aged 90 on Nov. 25 last year. The Cold War icon had already been largely out of public view for around a decade, having formally ceded the presidency to his younger brother, Raul Castro, in 2008 due to ill health. Cubans say his death changed little on the island. The pace of reforms instigated by Raul to update the Soviet-style command economy has continued as hesitantly as before. Cuba s relationship with the United States, meanwhile, has actually worsened due to U.S. President Donald Trump s more hostile stance. More significant politically, analysts say, will be the electoral cycle that starts Sunday with a municipal vote and will end with the selection of a new president in late February. Raul, 86, has said he would step down at the end of his two consecutive terms. The transition is expected to be gradual as Raul will remain head of the Communist Party. It comes, however, as the country faces a tricky time with a decline in aid from ally Venezuela, weaker exports and a resulting cash crunch.  Not even we know what our future will be,  said Ariadna Valdivia, 45, a high school teacher.  Raul is ending his term in 2018, Fidel is already history, and I don t really see any way of improving things.   Salaries are the same, food is always getting more expensive and now we have Trump tightening the embargo.  By the time of his death, Castro had been out of the public limelight since an intestinal ailment nearly killed him in 2006, occasionally writing columns and receiving foreign dignitaries at his home. His death last year plunged Cuba into nine days of national mourning. A funeral cortege carried his ashes on a three-day journey from Havana to his final resting place in the east of  the island, where he had launched the Cuban revolution.  I am Fidel  became a nationwide chant, as many Cubans pledged to stay faithful to the revolution he led that in 1959 overthrew a U.S.-backed dictator.  He was the best we ve had as a leader,  said Rene Perez, a Havana taxi driver, echoing the feelings of many Cubans who miss Fidel s leadership, especially at times of crisis. Raul did not appear in public after Hurricane Irma thrashed the island in September. In keeping with his wishes to avoid a personality cult, no statues have been made of Fidel or public places named after him in Cuba. Even his tomb is a sober affair, a large granite boulder in Santiago de Cuba s Santa Ifigenia Cemetery with a plaque simply reading  Fidel.  Galas and vigils in honor of Fidel will be held around the country this week, according to state-run media. Cultural institutions like the national ballet are dedicating their shows to his memory, and state television is running archived footage on a loop. The municipal vote on Sunday, the only part of the electoral process with direct participation by ordinary Cubans, is being cast in state media as a show of support for his ideas. Posters of Fidel hung at assemblies where neighborhoods nominated candidates over the last two months. It will be followed by provincial and national assembly elections in which candidates are selected from slates by commissions. The new National Assembly will then in late February select a successor to Castro, widely expected to be First Vice President Miguel Diaz-Canel. Eduardo Torres, the director of Cuba s National Library, said there were several politicians well placed to become president but there would never be another Fidel and the country faced a generational transition.  Raul had the weight of the historic generation,  said Torres.  When he leaves, it is another generation and another history we will start to build.  ",1
13890,"Argentine protester Maldonado died of drowning, hypothermia: judge","BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - An activist whose disappearance in southern Argentina in August captured the country s attention in the months before mid-term elections died of drowning and hypothermia, the judge investigating the case said on Friday. Santiago Maldonado had been missing from Aug. 1. He had  attended an indigenous land rights protest in Patagonia that day. His body was found on October 17 in a nearby river.  Federal Judge Guillermo Gustavo Lleral told reporters outside a morgue that an autopsy showed the cause of Maldonado s death was drowning and hypothermia, and that his body was in the Chubut river for at least 55 days. Some government opposition and rights groups have said that state security forces took Maldonado, a 28-year-old craftsman, after police reportedly clashed with Mapuche Indians who claim territory throughout southern Argentina and Chile. The groups  allegations that President Mauricio Macri s government covered up Maldonado s whereabouts overshadowed a mid-term congressional election on Oct. 22. Macri s government has said there was no evidence that showed security forces had detained Maldonado.  On Friday, Maldonado s brother said he would keep insisting on an investigation.  This was the cause of death, but we still do not know what happened,  Sergio Maldonado said after a meeting with Lleral. ",1
13891,"German SPD considers propping up Merkel, but only if members agree","BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany s Social Democrats agreed on Friday, under intense pressure, to hold talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel on renewing their outgoing coalition government, but pledged that party members would have the final say on any deal. The about-turn by the center-left SPD, which had said it would go into opposition after suffering its worst result in 70 years in September s election, could help avert a disruptive repeat vote in Europe s economic and political powerhouse. SPD leader Martin Schulz told a news conference the party leadership had reached the decision out of a sense of responsibility to Germany and Europe after Merkel s attempt to form a government with the pro-business Free Democrats and environmental Greens smaller parties collapsed on Sunday.  There is nothing automatic about the direction we are moving in,  Schulz said.  If a discussion results in us deciding to participate, in any form whatsoever, in the formation of a government, we will put it to a vote of party members.  Schulz told 300 members of the party s youth wing - who rejected another  grand coalition  at a conference in Saarbruecken - that nothing had been decided. But he suggested that governing could offer better chances to achieve his primary goal of improving the lives of people in Germany and around the world.  From which position is that best possible? What is more important? The radiance of our decisions, or the improvement of the everyday lives of people?  Schulz told the group. He said he noted the group s position and thanked them for their support in the September election. But he said he expected their loyalty and  constructive cooperation  with whatever path was ultimately decided by the party s leadership. Backing for a new government could mean forming a coalition,  agreeing not to obstruct a Merkel-led minority government, or other options yet to be explored, SPD deputy leader Ralf Stegner told broadcaster ZDF. Rainer Haseloff, the premier of the eastern state of Saxony-Anhalt and a member of Merkel s center-right Christian Democrats (CDU), told Reuters:  I think opinion is moving in the direction of there being a grand coalition.  He said conservatives would look at the SPD s proposals, but the bloc would not agree to any move to replace Merkel. Juergin Trittin, a senior Greens member, told Germany s RND newspaper group it was  a question of when, not if  the SPD would agree to discuss another coalition with conservatives. Stegner, who is skeptical about another grand coalition, told broadcaster ZDF the SPD would extract a price for any deal.  The SPD won t go cheaply,  he said, without elaborating. Merkel spoke with reporters after an event in Brussels, but declined to answer any questions. A poll conducted on Monday, before the latest SPD comments, showed half of Germans supported the SPD s initial rejection of a new grand coalition, while 44 percent would support renewing the coalition government that has ruled for the past four years. Six out of 10 Germans would support a new election, the poll by infratest dimap for broadcaster ARD showed. Over her 12 years in power, Merkel has embraced a succession of coalition partners who then went on to suffer painful electoral defeats. A cartoon published by Cicero magazine on Friday depicted the SPD as a mouse being enticed out of its hole by a waiting feline Merkel. German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier will host a meeting with Schulz, Merkel and Horst Seehofer, leader of the CDU s arch-conservative Bavarian sister party, next Thursday. Steinmeier, a former SPD foreign minister, has urged his former party to reverse its pledge to go into opposition, having made clear that he saw fresh elections as a last resort. The crisis has arisen because Merkel s conservatives also lost votes in September as the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany surged into parliament. With the SPD licking its wounds, an unlikely-looking three-way coalition with smaller parties had appeared the only option for the weakened chancellor. ",1
13892,Turkish court frees British citizen on bail in terrorism trial: media,"ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Turkish court has freed on bail a British citizen facing charges of joining a terrorist organization, Turkey s Ihlas news agency said on Friday. Joseph Robinson, a former British soldier, is accused of fighting with the Syrian Kurdish YPG milita. He was arrested in July while on holiday in the southwestern Turkish town of Didim, Ihlas said. Robinson denies the charge and said during his defense at an initial hearing that he went to Syria to help provide medical assistance to victims of the civil war there, Ihlas said.  Turkey considers the YPG to be an extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has waged a three-decade insurgency in Turkey s southeast and is designated a terrorist organization by the United States and the European Union as well as Turkey. Robinson faces a jail sentence of up to 10 years if found guilty, local media said. His Bulgarian fiance, who is accused of terrorist propaganda in the same case, was released before the start of the trial but imposed with a travel ban. The next hearing in the case is set for March 12. ",1
13893,Castro meets North Korea minister amid hope Cuba can defuse tensions,"HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuban President Raul Castro met with North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho on Friday amid hopes the Communist-run island might be able to convince its Asian ally to avert a showdown with the United States. North Korea is facing unprecedented pressure from the United States and the international community to cease its nuclear weapons and missile programs. Cuba has maintained close diplomatic ties with North Korea since 1960 but is opposed to nuclear weapons.  In the brotherly encounter, both sides commented on the historic friendship between the two nations and talked about international topics of mutual interest,  Cuban state television said on its midday broadcast. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said on Thursday he had discussed with Castro last year the possibility of working together to defuse global tensions with North Korea.  Can we pass along messages through surprising conduits?  Trudeau asked in a Q&A session after a speech.  It was a topic of conversation when I met President Raul Castro last year. These are the kinds of things where Canada can, I think, play a role that the United States has chosen not to play, this past year.  Canada had an interest in seeking solutions, not just because of regional security but also because the flight path of possible North Korean missiles would pass over its territory, Trudeau said. North Korea is working on developing nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the U.S. mainland, aiming to achieve what Ri has called  a real balance of power with the United States . Ri met his Cuban counterpart Bruno Rodriguez this week and the ministers denounced U.S.  unilateral and arbitrary lists and designations  that led to  coercive measures contrary to international law , according to Cuba s foreign ministry. The ministers called for  respect for peoples  sovereignty  and the  peaceful settlement of disputes , according to a ministry statement. President Donald Trump has increased pressure on Cuba since taking office, rolling back a detente begun by his predecessor Barack Obama and returning to the hostile rhetoric of the Cold War. North Korea and Cuba are the last countries in the world to maintain Soviet-style command economies, though under Raul Castro, the Caribbean nation has taken small steps toward the more market-oriented communism of China and Vietnam. Raul took over the presidency in 2008 from his older brother and revolutionary leader Fidel Castro, who died on Nov. 25 last year. Cuba is marking the anniversary on Saturday with vigils and concerts. [L8N1NS6SF] Cuba maintains an embassy in North Korea but trades mostly with South Korea. Last year, trade with the latter was $67 million and just $9 million with the North, the government said. ",1
13894,Polish MPs back judicial overhaul seen by EU as threat to rule of law,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland s ruling party lawmakers gave preliminary approval on Friday to two bills allowing parliament and the president to replace top judges, plans the opposition and the European Commission denounced as a threat to the rule of law. Once finally approved and signed into law by the president, the bills would likely deepen the right-wing government s standoff with the EU, potentially reducing the flow of EU development funds to Poland. Law and Justice (PiS) party deputies sent the bills authored by PiS-ally President Andrzej Duda to parliamentary committees after Duda vetoed in July PiS-sponsored bills that would have given the justice minister large powers over judges. Duda cast his veto after prolonged mass protests across Poland in July. Several thousand people in more than 100 cities protested the bills again on Friday night, although the demonstrations fell short of the mass summer rallies.  I do not suppose that something will change in the way the authorities act, because these authorities are not listening to the people,  said 29-year-old Jakub, a company worker who did not want to give his last name.  But we are here to show that we will not agree to everything, we will not agree to laws, which lead to us leaving the European Union.  In November, Duda and PiS reached an agreement on the shape of the judicial reform, according to which parliament will need a three-fifths majority to appoint new members of the National Council of the Judiciary (KRS), a key panel that appoints judges in Poland.  Details of the judicial reform bills are expected to be revealed on Tuesday and PiS has said all work on them could be finished in December.  The PiS currently has an absolute parliamentary majority, but not a three-fifths one.  The euroskeptic PiS says reform of the judicial system is needed because the courts are slow, inefficient and steeped in a communist-era mentality.  But critics of the government said the bills are part of a PiS plan to increase its powers over the judiciary and reflect its drive towards authoritarianism, both charges PiS denies.  Will this demolition speed up court cases? No,  lawmaker Krzysztof Paszyk of the opposition PSL told parliament on Friday, adding the bills would introduces  pathology  into the justice system. The European Commission s deputy head, Frans Timmermans, said earlier in November that Duda s bills - which row back from direct government interference in the judiciary envisaged in the original PiS bills - were still not acceptable. The socially conservative PiS, in power since late 2015, is already at loggerheads with fellow members of the European Union over migration policy, its push to bring state media under more direct government control, as well as over an earlier overhaul of the Constitutional Tribunal. Also on Friday, PiS deputies initially approved a bill amending the electoral system, which the opposition said would threaten the fairness of elections. ",1
13895,Irish government set to fall weeks before Brexit summit,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland s minority government looked set to collapse within days on Friday after the party propping it up submitted a motion of no confidence in the deputy prime minister, weeks before a summit on Britain s plans to leave the European Union. Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said that if the motion was not withdrawn by Tuesday, he would be forced to hold an election before Christmas, a prospect EU officials say would complicate a key EU summit on Dec. 14-15 on Brexit.   What that would mean is me throwing a good woman under the bus to save myself and my own government, and that would be the wrong thing to do,  Varadkar told national broadcaster RTE, dismissing demands for his deputy Frances Fitzgerald to quit. Varadkar is due to play a major role in the Brexit talks, telling EU leaders whether Ireland believes sufficient progress has been made on the future border between EU-member Ireland and Britain s province of Northern Ireland. The border is one of three issues Brussels wants broadly resolved before it decides whether to move the talks on to a second phase about trade, as Britain wants. While Varadkar could go into the summit in a caretaker role, he said that any election would have to happen before Christmas so that he or his successor could attend the next meeting of EU leaders in February with a fresh mandate.  The head of opposition party Fianna Fail, Micheal Martin, earlier said an election  can be avoided if the government takes action  by asking Fitzgerald to resign. Varadkar said he would not seek, nor did he expect to be offered, a resignation. Fianna Fail supports the minority Fine Gael government in a  confidence and supply  arrangement. Voting no confidence in a minister would break that agreement. Varadkar and Martin met on Friday and were due to speak again over the weekend ahead of the motion of no-confidence in Fitzgerald, to be debated on Tuesday. The trigger is her handling of a legal case involving a police whistleblower.  At a time when issues and decisions will need to be made that will reverberate in our country for decades to come, the prospect of either an election taking place or a government not being in place afterwards is actually unconscionable,  Finance Minister Paschal Donohoe told RTE. However a source familiar with Fine Gael s planning said it had begun to make preparations on Friday for a snap poll. As well as the border, the other issues Brussels wants resolved before Brexit talks move on to trade arrangements are Britain s financial settlement on leaving the bloc and the rights of EU citizens living in Britain. EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier assured Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney on Friday that the EU would defend Dublin s position in talks with Britain over the coming weeks. Coveney told parliament on Thursday the government was not yet ready to allow the talks to move on to trade issues, and needed more clarity from London. Fianna Fail s Martin said parliament would be united behind Varadkar at the December summit. University College Dublin politics professor David Farrell said Varadkar may be tempted to take an even harder line against the United Kingdom in the talks in a bid to shore up support among Irish voters, who are overwhelmingly against Brexit.   I suppose the only card he can try and play to distract from the crazy shenanigans around the causes of this election is leadership in Europe,  he said. An election would likely be dominated by Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, two centre-right parties that differ little on policy but have been bitter foes for decades, something that has always left the minority government one serious row away from collapse.  But it would also present an opportunity for left-wing opposition party Sinn Fein to see if its veteran leader Gerry Adams  decision last week to step down will boost its support. The party said deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald would lead them into the election, if one is called.  While Sinn Fein, the third largest party in the Republic, has said it wants to enter government, the two largest parties have ruled out doing a deal with the former political wing of the Irish Republican Army (IRA).  Since Varadkar s appointment as Fine Gael leader six months ago, his party has narrowly led Fianna Fail in opinion polls, which suggest both parties would increase their support but struggle to form anything but another minority government.      ",1
13896,Mnangagwa vows to rebuild Zimbabwe and serve all citizens,"HARARE (Reuters) - New President Emmerson Mnangagwa laid out a grand vision on Friday to revitalise Zimbabwe s ravaged economy and vowed to rule on behalf of all the country s citizens. Sworn in days after the overthrow of Robert Mugabe, the 75-year-old former security chief promised to guarantee the rights of foreign investors and to re-engage with the West, and said elections would go ahead next year as scheduled. In a 30-minute speech to tens of thousands of supporters in Harare s national stadium, Mnangagwa extended an olive branch to opponents, apparently aiming to bridge the ethnic and political divides exploited by his predecessor during his 37 years in charge.  I intend, nay, am required, to serve our country as the president of all citizens, regardless of color, creed, religion, tribe or political affiliation,  he said, in a speech that also hailed the voice of the people as the  voice of god . Behind the rhetoric, some Zimbabweans wonder whether a man who loyally served Mugabe for decades can bring change to a ruling establishment accused of systematic human rights abuses and disastrous economic policies. He made clear that the land reforms that sparked the violent seizure of thousands of white-owned farms from 2000 would not be reversed, but promised that those who lost property would receive compensation. To some political opponents, the speech was a welcome contrast with the habitual belligerence of Mugabe and appeared to be drawing on Mnangagwa s knowledge and understanding of China as a model for running an economy.  His model has been the Chinese,  said David Coltart, a former education minister and MP from the opposition Movement for Democratic Change.  He will drive to make Zimbabwe a more attractive investment location, and more efficient, but like China will not tolerate dissent. If you  behave , you will be secure.  Those skeptical about the new president s commitment to change question his role in the so-called Gukurahundi massacres in Matabeleland in 1983, when an estimated 20,000 people were killed in a crackdown on Mugabe s opponents by the North Korean-trained Fifth Brigade. Mnangagwa was in charge of internal security at the time, but has denied any part in the atrocities. Many Zimbabweans, especially the ethnic Ndebele who bore the brunt of the Gukurahundi slaughter, will see his appeal on Friday to  let bygones be bygones  as an attempt to gloss over his nation s darkest chapter. Some critics have alleged harsh treatment by soldiers of opponents of the military intervention last week  -  a de facto coup against Mugabe, 93, and his 52-year-old wife Grace. Axed finance minister Ignatius Chombo was in hospital with injuries sustained from beatings during a week in military custody, his lawyer told Reuters. He was blindfolded throughout his time in detention, Lovemore Madhuku said.  It was a very brutal and draconian way of dealing with opponents,  he added. Asked to comment, police spokeswoman Charity Charamba said she had no information about Chombo.  Separately, High Court Judge President George Chiweshe ruled that the military intervention last week was legal, following an application brought by two citizens who petitioned the court to confirm the military had been right to do what they did. Since his return to Zimbabwe this month after fleeing a Mugabe-led purge, Mnangagwa has been preaching democracy, tolerance and respect for the rule of law. Along with Mugabe, Grace - Mnangagwa s sworn enemy - has been granted immunity from prosecution and had her safety guaranteed, part of a deal that led to Mugabe s resignation on Tuesday, sources close to the negotiations said. For decades Mnangagwa was a faithful aide to Mugabe, who was widely accused of repression of dissent and election-rigging and under whose rule one of Africa s once most prosperous economies was wrecked by hyperinflation and mass emigration.  Mnangagwa earned the nickname  Ngwena , Shona for crocodile, an animal famed and feared in Zimbabwean lore for stealth and ruthlessness. In his speech, Mnangagwa called for the removal of Western sanctions and said he wanted to  hit the ground running . He appeared to have initial support from neighboring states. South African President Jacob Zuma said he hoped he would steer Zimbabwe successfully through the transition from Mugabe s rule. The Southern African Development Community, an intergovernmental organization, said it was ready to work closely with Mnangagwa s government. Zimbabweans listening to his speech said they were prepared to give him the benefit of the doubt, but were also realistic about the chances of injecting life into an economy with 90 percent unemployment and banks devoid of cash. In the last 15 years, an estimated 3 million have emigrated to neighboring South Africa in search of a better life.  I wanted to see for myself that Mugabe has really gone. He is the only president I ve known,  said 33-year-old Lenin Tongoona.  We have a new president who may try something a little different to improve the economy. I m excited today but tomorrow is uncertain because we don t know how he will turn out. He talks about creating jobs. How does he plan to do that?  ",1
13897,"Ten days to crack Brexit deal, EU tells May","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union handed Prime Minister Theresa May a 10-day  absolute deadline  to improve her Brexit divorce offer or face failure in persuading EU leaders to open trade talks with Britain at a December summit. Without a deal next month, time will be very tight to agree arrangements before Britain leaves the EU in March 2019, adding to pressure on businesses to avoid potential losses and move investments.  We need to see progress from UK within 10 days on all issues, including on Ireland,  European Council President Donald Tusk tweeted after meeting May in Brussels for one hour following an EU summit.  A deal on the Northern Ireland border became suddenly trickier on Friday as the Dublin government looked set to fall. Tusk said it was still possible the other 27 EU leaders would conclude at a summit on Dec. 14-15 that Britain had made  sufficient progress  toward meeting three key conditions for them to approve the opening of trade talks in the new year. But, added the former Polish premier who chairs the bloc s summit meetings, that was  still a huge challenge . EU officials expect the crunch to come when May returns on Monday, Dec. 4, to meet the EU chief executive, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, and his chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier.   Tusk presented the timeline ... with December 4 as the absolute deadline for the UK to make additional efforts, allowing Barnier to be in a position to recommend sufficient progress,  an EU official said.  May agreed to this time frame.   The UK will need to give credible assurances as to how to avoid a hard border before December 4, as it is still unclear how this can be done,  the official added. A further complication lay in Ireland, where Prime Minister Leo Varadkar, who has warned of a veto without big British moves on the border issue, may call a snap election next week over a separate issue.  May told reporters after meeting Tusk that the two sides were still making progress toward closing gaps on a financial settlement, rights for expatriates after Brexit and how to avoid a  hard border  that may disrupt the peace in Northern Ireland. But she added:  There are still issues across the various matters that we are negotiating on to be resolved.  She repeated a line she first used in September that Britain  would  honour our commitments . But there was no sign of details that EU counterparts are demanding over payments before they accede to London s call for talks on a post-Brexit trade pact. On the Irish border, May said:  We and the Irish government continue to talk about solutions for that. We have the same desire. We want to ensure that movement of people and trade across that border can carry on as now.  For months, the EU s demand for Britain to pay something like 60 billion euros ($72 billion) has seemed the toughest nut to crack. But EU negotiators have been encouraged by apparent leaks in the British media indicating that May has won backing from Brexit hardliners in her cabinet to offer a large sum. Now, Ireland could be a sticking point.   The Irish issue is very worrying. The chances of sufficient progress in December were only 50-50. Now maybe less,  an official handling Brexit talks from one of the other 27 EU states told Reuters on the sidelines of Friday s summit. Barnier threw the Union s weight behind Ireland on Friday, telling Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney there was  strong solidarity for Ireland  and  Irish issues are EU issues . Coveney, who accused the government s opponents of being irresponsible in calling a no-confidence motion for Tuesday over an unrelated issue, said Ireland would not agree to opening EU trade talks with Britain if it was unhappy over the border. May s Northern Irish, pro-Brexit allies, on whom she depends for a slim parliamentary majority, accused Dublin of trying to force Northern Ireland, or the whole of the United Kingdom, to stay in a customs union with the EU, depriving it of the freedom to set its own commercial regulations.  EU officials say the best way to avoid a  hard border  is to keep regulations the same - whether just for Northern Ireland or across the UK. Britain has rejected the former because it would divide Northern Ireland from the British mainland. Brexit campaigners say Britain should not have to follow EU rules. ",1
13898,EU's Juncker says Dec. 4 meeting with May will show if Brexit progress made,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The president of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker said on Friday that a meeting with British Prime Minister Theresa May on December 4 will allow the EU to see whether sufficient progress was made on Brexit talks.  I will meet the British prime minister on 4 December. Then we will see if there has been sufficient progress,  he told reporters in Brussels ahead of an EU summit that May is attending. Juncker said there had been progress in Brexit talks. ",1
13899,Ireland trying to force Northern Ireland to stay in customs union after Brexit: DUP,"LONDON (Reuters) - Ireland is trying to force the United Kingdom, or at least Northern Ireland, to remain in the customs union after Brexit as it suits their national interest, the deputy leader of the province s Democratic Unionist Party said on Friday.   Their real aim is to try to get to a situation where either they try to force the United Kingdom as a whole to stay within the customs union, which is in their interests clearly,  Nigel Dodds told Sky News.   Or, if they fail that, to at least force Northern Ireland to stay within the customs union and the single market, follow the rules of it, something then we d have no say over, but we d have to abide by the rules which would then bring about a united Ireland much easier.   ",1
13900,Four U.N. peacekeepers killed in two separate attacks in Mali,"BAMAKO (Reuters) - Four United Nations peacekeepers and a Malian soldier were killed and 21 people were wounded in two separate attacks by unknown assailants in Mali on Friday, the U.N. mission there said. Regional armies, U.N. forces and French and U.S. soldiers are struggling to halt the growing influence  of Islamist militants, some with links to al Qaeda and Islamic State, in West Africa s Sahel region. Mali s U.N. mission, MINUSMA, has suffered the highest number of fatalities among current U.N. peacekeeping operations.  I condemn in the strongest terms this attack that has once again befallen the MINUSMA force as well as the (Malian army),  U.N. mission head Mahamat Saleh Annadif said in a statement. In the first incident on Friday, three peacekeepers and a Malian soldier were killed when they came under attack during a joint operation in the Menaka region near the border with Niger, an area that has seen a spike in violence over the last year.  Sixteen other peacekeepers and one civilian were also wounded. Later in the day at around noon (1200 GMT), a MINUSMA convoy in the central Mopti region was the target of what the mission described as a  complex attack  by militants using explosive devices and rocket launchers.   One U.N. soldier was killed and three others were seriously wounded, MINUSMA said in a statement. The mission did not specify the nationalities of the soldiers killed or wounded in either of the attacks. A 2013 French-led military intervention drove back militants who had seized control of Mali s desert north a year earlier, but they have regrouped and launch regular attacks against Malian soldiers, U.N. peacekeepers and civilians.  Islamist groups are now increasingly exploiting the porous borders between Mali and neighboring Niger and Burkina Faso to expand their range of operations, alarming Western powers. France and the United States both have troops deployed in the West Africa.  A new regional force composed of soldiers from Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Burkina Faso and Chad - the so-called G5 Sahel nations - launched its first operations late last month. ",1
13901,"Holiday cheer boosts Amazon, Macy's and other retail stocks","SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), Macy s Inc (M.N), Kohl s Corp (KSS.N) and other U.S. retailers rose on Friday on early signs that consumers are on track to spend more this holiday shopping season than in previous years.  Although there were few signs of the frenzy that had been a hallmark of the start to the crucial U.S. shopping season in years past, known as Black Friday, industry watchers were upbeat.  The turnout this morning has been relatively slow but it is still the best we have seen in three years,  said Burt Flickinger, managing director of Strategic Resources Group, citing improving consumer confidence, a strong job market and healthy housing prices.  We expect it to pick up as the day progresses.     Adobe Analytics forecast online Black Friday sales of $5 billion, which would be a record high. Online retailers will rake in an additional $6.6 billion on Cyber Monday, according to Adobe. Amazon, the world s largest online retailer, rallied 2.6 percent to a record high, bringing its gain in 2017 to nearly 60 percent. It offered its own Black Friday deals and revealed a preview of its Cyber Monday discounts. Brick-and-mortar stores and their investors are hoping that a strong labor market and rising home prices will increase the turnout between Thursday s U.S. Thanksgiving holiday and Christmas, a period that can account for as much as 40 percent of total annual sales and make or break a retailer. [nL1N1NU0GH] Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), Macy s and others have beefed up their online sales platforms and boosted discounts for online orders in a bid to stem market share losses to Amazon.  It s the big box retailers  last stand against the digital revolution,  said Jake Dollarhide, Chief Executive of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma.  It s their last chance to say,  This is still our season .   Shares of Macy s, which has suffered from falling sales for several quarters, jumped 2.1 percent, while Gap Inc (GPS.N) added 1.6 percent and Kohl s rose 1 percent.  Instead of curtailing spending, consumers are coming out of their bunker,  said Chad Morganlander, a portfolio manager at Washington Crossing Advisors in Florham Park, New Jersey.  Nonetheless, the trend of retail preferences of the consumer is not going away.  Retailers appeared to be discounting their products less than in previous years, said Thomson Reuters retail analyst Jharonne Martis after visiting a mall in New York.  They are going into the holiday season more confident, knowing that consumers want their merchandise,  Martis said.  Not all retailers shared in Friday s holiday cheer: Target Corp (TGT.N) fell 2.8 percent, with analysts noting that it closed its stores for several hours overnight even while many rivals stayed open. Bed Bath & Beyond Inc (BBBY.O) slipped 1.9 percent. ",1
13902,Ireland set for December election if crisis not averted by Tuesday -PM,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Friday he would not seek the resignation of his deputy prime minister, as sought by the party propping up his government, and would be forced to call an election if that demand was not withdrawn by Tuesday.  I think if we don t resolve matters by Tuesday, then there will be a motion of no confidence in the Tanaiste (deputy prime minister) and, if the opposition come together to remove the Tanaiste, then we will be into an election at that point,  Varadkar told the national broadcaster RTE. ",1
13903,"Mediterranean ""by far world's deadliest border"" for migrants: IOM","GENEVA (Reuters) - More than 33,000 migrants have died at sea trying to reach European shores since 2000, making the Mediterranean  by far the world s deadliest border , the United Nations migration agency said on Friday. After record arrivals from 2014 to 2016, the European Union s deal with Turkey to stop arrivals to Greece and blocks on migrants inside Libya and off its coast have greatly reduced the flow, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) said. Professor Philippe Fargues of the European University Institute in Florence, author of the report, said the figures probably underestimated the actual scale of the human tragedy.   The report states that at least 33,761 migrants were reported to have died or gone missing in the Mediterranean between the year 2000 to 2017. This number is as of June 30,  IOM s Jorge Galindo told a Geneva news briefing.  It concludes that Europe s Mediterranean border is by far the world s deadliest,  he said. So far this year some 161,000 migrants and refugees have arrived in Europe by sea, about 75 percent of them landing in Italy with the rest in Greece, Cyprus and Spain, according to IOM figures. Nearly 3,000 others are dead or missing, it said.  Shutting the shorter and less dangerous routes can open longer and more dangerous routes, thus increasing the likelihood of dying at sea,  Fargues said. The report said:  Cooperation with Turkey to stem irregular flows is now being replicated with Libya, the main country of departure of migrants smuggled along the central route; however, such an approach is not only morally reprehensible but likely to be unsuccessful, given the context of extremely poor governance, instability and political fragmentation in Libya.  Though sea arrivals to Italy are down almost a third this year, this week there was a surge in rescues and attempted crossings. On Friday, Libya s EU-backed coastguard intercepted more than 600 mainly sub-Saharan African migrants, including many women and children, from a total of five boats that had left from the coast east of the Libyan capital, Tripoli, coast guard officials said. On Wednesday and Thursday, Italy s coast guard said some 1,600 migrants were rescued from nearly 20 vessels in the central Mediterranean.  Libya s U.N.-backed government said on Thursday it was investigating reports of African migrants being sold as slaves and promised to bring the perpetrators to justice. Footage broadcast by CNN appearing to show African migrants being traded in Libya sparked an international outcry and protests in Europe and Africa. ",1
13904,"Britain has 10-day ""absolute deadline"" to deliver on key Brexit issues: Tusk","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain has only 10 days left to deliver on all three areas of its divorce terms with the European Union if London wants to start talks on a transition period after Brexit and a future relationship, the chairman of EU leaders Donald Tusk said.  We need to see progress from UK within 10 days on all issues, including on Ireland,  Tusk tweeted on Friday after a meeting with British Prime Minister Theresa May in Brussels.  Sufficient progress in Brexit talks at December council is possible but still a huge challenge,  he said on Twitter. An EU official said that May agreed in the one-hour discussions that Dec. 4 was the  absolute deadline  to allow the EU s Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier to recommend moving onto the next stage on trade and future ties.  Tusk presented the timeline ahead of the December European Council, with Dec. 4 as the absolute deadline for the UK to make additional efforts, allowing Barnier to be in a position to recommend sufficient progress,  the official said.   May agreed to this timeframe,  the official said. The official said Tusk had warned that if there was no progress within next 10 days, that would make moving forward impossible. The official said that the way Ireland s border with Northern Ireland functioned after Britain leaves the EU in March 2019 was still an issue.   The UK will need to give credible assurances as to how to avoid a hard border before Dec. 4, as it is still unclear how this can be done,  the official said. ",1
13905,Algeria's ruling parties retain majority in local elections,"ALGIERS (Reuters) - Algeria s ruling parties retained their majority in local elections, taking more than 50 percent of the vote, the interior minister said on Friday.  Turnout in Thursday s vote reached 46.83 percent, slightly up on 42.92 percent in 2012, the minister Noureddine Bedoui told reporters. Participation is closely watched by officials as they attempt to reverse a trend of increasing political apathy. More than half of Algeria s population are under 30 and many feel disconnected from the ageing elite which runs the country.  The elections come amid continuing questions over the health of President Abdelaziz Bouteflika, who has been in power since 1999 and has made only rare appearances since suffering a stroke in 2013.  In Thursday s election the two ruling parties, the National Liberation Front (FLN) and the National Rally for Democracy (RND), got 30.56 percent and 23.21 percent respectively, Bedoui said.  The RND, which is led by Prime Minster Ahmed Ouyahia and which made gains also in parliamentary elections in May, boosted its number of seats to 463, from less than 250 in 2012. The FLN s share of seats was slightly lower than five years ago. A total of 1,541 seats were being contested.  Islamists including the Movement for Society and Peace (MSP) and a coalition of three smaller parties lost ground, taking only 57 seats between them. Bouteflika is credited by many for bringing OPEC member Algeria out of a 1990s conflict with Islamist militants and for overseeing a period of high oil prices and vast public spending. But the government has recently been attempting to reduce spending to cope with a sharp fall in oil revenues since 2014.  ",1
13906,"North Korea's wounded defector 'nice guy,' likes CSI: surgeon","SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea s latest defector, a young soldier known only by his family name Oh, is a quiet, pleasant man who has nightmares about being returned to the North, his surgeon said on Thursday.  He s a pretty nice guy,  said lead surgeon John Cook-Jong Lee, who has been operating and caring for the 24-year-old. Oh has become a focus of worldwide attention after he was badly wounded by fellow North Korean soldiers as he scrambled across the border in the Demilitarized Zone that separates North and South on Nov. 13. Video of Oh s escape released on Wednesday showed him stumbling over the border and being dragged unconscious through the undergrowth by South Korean troops. Surgeon Lee has been almost the only person to speak with Oh since he arrived at the hospital, he told Reuters in an interview at his office at Ajou University Hospital, just a few floors away from where the defector lies guarded by South Korean special forces and intelligence officers. The surgeon, who has hung a South Korean flag in the soldier s room, said he is avoiding subjects that may disturb his patient. Oh is eating his first  clear liquid  food such as broths, and can smile, talk, and use his hands, Lee said. But when his patient woke on Sunday he cried out in pain, and Lee said he is still anxious about the South Korean guards. Lee said Oh told him that he had joined the North Korean army when he was 17, right after secondary school graduation. The soldier s hair is styled  like a jarhead, like a U.S. Marine, so I actually joked  why don t you join the South Korean Marines?  He smiled and said that he would never ever go back to the military system again.  Medical teams have worked for days to remove the shards of at least four bullets from Oh s body, stitch up his shredded organs, and treat pre-existing conditions including tuberculosis, hepatitis B, and a case of massive intestinal worms, Lee said.  He s a quite strong man,  said Lee.  Since Oh s defection, North Korea appeared to have replaced all its security guards on the border, an intelligence source in the South told Yonhap news agency on Thursday.  Lee said that when the defector arrived in an American military helicopter at the hospital   which is equipped with state-of-the-art diagnostic equipment and is used to treat VIP visitors such as visiting U.S. presidents - he came with zero personal information. On the flight in, American army flight medics had fought to keep Oh alive, jabbing a large needle into his chest to treat a collapsed lung.   Oh was immediately wheeled into a diagnostic room where doctors confirmed he was suffering from massive internal bleeding.  We knew then that we didn t have time to hesitate,  Lee said, standing in that room Thursday night. Two major surgeries were required to remove the bullets and patch Oh back together, and the medical team pumped as much as 12 liters of new blood into his body. The normal body has less than half as much blood.  He told me that he is so thankful for South Koreans for saving his life and giving him that much blood,  Lee said. Lee has been playing South Korean pop music and American films and TV shows for his patient, but has not exposed him to any news coverage. Among the shows, Oh showed a liking for the French-American thriller  Transporter 3,  comedy  Bruce Almighty  starring Jim Carrey and Morgan Freeman; and the crime-solving TV series  CSI,  Lee said. Most North Korean defectors undergo security questioning by South Korea s intelligence agency once they arrive in the South before being sent to a resettlement center for a three-month education on life in the South. After they are released, central and local governments provide 7 million won ($6,450) in cash over a year, as well as support in housing, education and job training. Police officers are assigned to each of the defectors to ensure their security and safety. Even if Oh fully recovers, some scars will stay for the rest of his life, the surgeon said.  Among the longest lasting wounds will be the damage to his colon, which was shredded by a bullet and had to be stitched back together in seven places.  It s a lifelong complication for the patient, so he s better to be very cautious in his diet,  said the surgeon. Besides the potential for further medical complications, Lee says he is most worried about making sure Oh recovers psychologically. The soldier has already told him he had a nightmare about being returned to the North.  The surgeon said he has asked senior South Korean military officials who are eager to question the soldier to hold off  while he recovers.  This North Korean guy is not going anywhere,  Lee said.  He is staying in South Korea. So we don t need to be hasty.  ",1
13907,London police say have stood down after Oxford Street incident,"LONDON (Reuters) - London s police force said on Friday that they had stood down after an incident in the heart of London s shopping district that they initially responded to as if it could have been terrorist-related.  Our response on #OxfordStreet has now been stood down,  the Metropolitan Police said on its official Twitter account.  Given the nature of the info received we responded as if the incident was terrorism, including the deployment of armed officers,  police added. The police said they had found no evidence of previously reported gunshots, and that there were no casualties. ",1
13908,South African appeals court more than doubles Pistorius sentence,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa s Supreme Court more than doubled Oscar Pistorius  murder sentence on Friday, accepting prosecutors  argument that the original jail term of six years for shooting dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp was  shockingly lenient . The gold medal-winning athlete, a double amputee known as the  Blade Runner  for his carbon-fibre prosthetics, was not in court to hear the new sentence of 13 years and five months handed down.  Steenkamp s family were also absent but welcomed the revised term   the minimum 15 years prescribed for murder, minus the time Pistorius has already served   and said it showed justice could prevail in South Africa.  This is an emotional thing for them. They just feel that their trust in the justice system has been confirmed this morning,  Tania Koen, a family spokeswoman, told Reuters. Rights groups in a country beset by high levels of violent crime against women say Pistorius, 31, received preferential treatment compared to non-whites and those without his wealth or celebrity status.      Barry Steenkamp, the father of the slain model, told SABC television the family could now get on with their lives.  I always, from the beginning, said justice had not been served, now it has,  he said.  In the same interview, her mother June Steenkamp said: We felt that we didn t have justice for Reeva by that too-lenient sentence but now we have justice for her.      Pistorius  elder brother Carl wrote on Twitter:  Shattered. Heartbroken. Gutted.  The athlete s lawyers could not be reached for comment.  The athlete was jailed in July last year after being found guilty on appeal of murdering model and law graduate Steenkamp on Valentine s Day 2013 by firing four shots through a locked bathroom door. The case attracted worldwide interest. He had originally been found guilty of manslaughter and sentenced to five years in jail. That conviction was increased to murder by the Supreme Court in December 2015 and his sentence extended to six years by trial judge Thokozile Masipa in July last year.  Masipa said in court that while the Steenkamps had suffered a great loss,  fallen hero  Pistorius  life and career were also in ruins, and that a long prison term  would not serve justice . Pistorius  appearance during the trial without his prostheses had drawn gasps from the courtroom. In a scathing criticism, the appeals court said Masipa s ruling had  erred in deviating from the prescribed minimum sentence  of 15 years  imprisonment for murder.  The sentence of six years  imprisonment is shockingly lenient, to a point where it has the effect of trivializing this serious offence,  said Judge Willie Seriti, who read out the unanimous court decision.  I am of the view that there are no substantial and compelling circumstances which can justify the departure from the prescribed minimum sentence.  Seriti also censured Pistorius, saying his apology to the deceased s family during the hearing did  not demonstrate any genuine remorse on his part  and that he  does not appreciate the gravity of his actions . State prosecutors led by advocate Andrea Johnson had told the appeals hearing this month that there were no mitigating circumstances to justify Pistorius  six-year sentence.  Defense lawyer Barry Roux argued that Pistorius did not deliberately kill Steenkamp and the appeal should be thrown out. Roux had said during the July 2016 trial that Pistorius  disability and mental distress following the killing should be considered as reasons to reduce his sentence. Pistorius reached the semi-finals of the 400 meters at the London Olympics in 2012 and took two golds in the Paralympics. Even in prison, he has been in the news. In August, he was allowed out to attend his maternal grandmother s funeral and spent a night in hospital for what local media reports said was a suspected heart attack. In August 2016, the athlete denied trying to kill himself after he was treated in hospital for wrist injuries. On Pistorius  birthday on Wednesday, his father Henke told local YOU magazine that although he was behind bars, it was still a special day for his family,  full of love and tears .  Legal analysts said Pistorius could still appeal to the Constitutional Court, South Africa s topmost legal authority but saw his chances of success as slim.    I don t think it s over. He has one more option,  said lawyer Ulrich Roux, who is not linked to the Pistorius defense.  All the same there are few grounds of success in this venture, to be honest.  Lawyer Zola Majavu said the Constitutional Court was unlikely to agree to hear the case.  In my view, that will be a very tall order. It is pretty much the end of the road for Pistorius.  ",1
13909,Tiger shot dead in Paris after escaping from circus,"PARIS (Reuters) - A tiger was shot dead in western Paris on Friday after escaping from a circus, police said.  The tiger was shot by circus staff, police said. A tram line had been closed while the animal was at large. No further details were immediately available.     ",1
13910,Ukraine rebel region's security minister says he is new leader,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - The security minister of Ukraine s pro-Russian rebel region of Luhansk said on Friday he was taking over power from regional chief Igor Plotnitsky, who days earlier had said he was facing an attempted armed coup to force him out. In a video posted on a rebel news portal in Luhansk, the security minister, Leonid Pasechnik, said he was taking over after Plotnitsky resigned for health reasons. But there was no immediate word from Plotnitsky itself. Luhansk region, along with the neighboring Donetsk region, rebelled against rule from Kiev in 2014 and declared themselves independent. But since then the regions, which are backed by Moscow, have been troubled by infighting that has at times turned violent.  Today Igor Venediktovich Plotnitsky resigned for health reasons. Multiple war wounds, the effects of blast injuries, took their toll,  Pasechnik said in the video.  In accordance with his decision, I am taking on the duties of head of the republic until forthcoming elections.  Earlier this week, armed men in camouflage uniforms blocked access to central streets in the city of Luhansk, capital of the self-proclaimed  People s Republic of Luhansk.  Plotnitsky said it was a coup attempt by supporters of Igor Kornet, the rebel region s interior minister whom he had sacked. But Plotnitsky said he had the situation under control and that the plotters would be dealt with. Moscow denies having any influence over the rebel regions but multiple separatist leaders have told Reuters Kremlin officials effectively select the rebel leaders. A Kremlin spokesman this week declined to comment on events in Luhansk. The two self-proclaimed republics are not recognized by Russia or any other nation. ",1
13911,Police arrest Kosovo opposition leader for no-show at court,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - Kosovo police arrested three lawmakers on Friday, including the popular main opposition leader whom they handcuffed in the street, after the three failed to appear in court on charges of releasing tear gas in parliament in 2015 and 2016. Opposition lawmakers obstructed parliament for almost two years by letting off tear gas in the chamber in a protest against a border deal with Montenegro and an EU-brokered agreement with Serbia. Albin Kurti, leader of Kosovo s biggest opposition party Vetevendosje, was seized and handcuffed by police close to parliament building when he was on his way to attend a regular session. Police used paper spray to disperse several other lawmakers from Kurti s party who tried to hold onto him and prevent police from taking him away, Kosovo media showed. He was eventually moved into a police van. Kurti won more votes than any other political candidate and his party came first in June snap elections, but he did not enter the ruling coalition.  All three MPs were given one month detention, Dukagjin Gorani of Vetevendosje told Reuters later in the day. Dozens of other MPs have been indicted so far for releasing tear gas in the 120-seat parliament.  This is the continuation of a massive and wide-ranging persecution that has started against Vetevendosje,  the party president, Visar Ymeri, said. Last week a court in Pristina sentenced four people, including one member of parliament, to prison terms ranging from two to eight years for taking part in a grenade attack against the parliament building last year. They were all loyalists of Vetevendosje. Opposition parties oppose the border deal with Montenegro saying the country of 1.8 million is losing land by handing over some 8,000 hectares (19,700 acres). The opposition is also against a deal signed in 2013 between Pristina and Belgrade as part of an EU-sponsored dialogue that would give more rights to the local Serb minority. They say the deal will practically divide the poor Balkan country on ethnic lines. Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008, nearly a decade after NATO bombing drove Serb forces from the territory. ",1
13912,U.S. backs Saudi 'first step' in addressing Yemen crisis,"WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Friday welcomed a  first step  by Saudi Arabia to allow humanitarian aid to reach Yemen and called for negotiations on the country s conflict. The coalition fighting the Iran-aligned Houthi movement in Yemen said on Wednesday it would allow aid in through the Red Sea ports of Hodeidah and Salif, as well as U.N. flights to Sanaa, more than two weeks after blockading the country. About 7 million people face famine in Yemen and their survival is dependent on international assistance.  Full and immediate implementation of the announced measures is a first step in ensuring that food, medicine, and fuel reach the Yemeni people and that the aid organizations on the frontlines of mitigating this humanitarian crisis are able to do their essential work,  the White House said in a statement.  We look forward to additional steps that will facilitate the unfettered flow of humanitarian and commercial goods from all ports of entry to the points of need,  it added. A U.N. spokesman said the Saudi-led coalition had given the United Nations permission to resume flights of aid workers to the Houthi-controlled capital on Saturday, but not to dock ships loaded with wheat and medical supplies.  Reuters reported on Wednesday that U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson asked Saudi Arabia to ease the blockade. The U.S.-backed coalition closed air, land and sea access on Nov. 6, in a move it said was to stop the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. The action came after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired toward Riyadh. Iran has denied supplying weapons. The White House said it was committed to supporting Saudi Arabia and its Gulf partners  against the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps  aggression and blatant violations of international law . The Saudi-led coalition has been targeting the Houthis since they seized parts of Yemen in 2015, including the capital Sanaa, forcing President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee. The Houthis, drawn mainly from Yemen s Zaidi Shi ite minority and allied with long-serving former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, control much of the country. The United Nations has been mediating in the conflict without much success.  The United States continues to believe that this devastating conflict, and the suffering it causes, must be brought to an end through political negotiations,  the White House said. ",1
13913,London police say responding to reports shots fired on Oxford Street,"LONDON (Reuters) - London s police force said they had received reports that shots had been fired on Oxford Street and in the nearby underground station, which they were responding to as if it might be terrorist-related.  Police were called at 16:38 hrs ... to a number of reports of shots fired on Oxford Street and underground at Oxford Circus tube station,  the Metropolitan Police said in a statement.  Police have responded as if the incident is terrorist related. Armed and unarmed officers are on scene  the police added. No casualties had been found so far, police said. ",1
13914,"Brexit talks progressing, but issues remain - May","BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday that Brexit talks were making progress but that there were outstanding issues on the divorce settlement and the border with EU member Ireland. After meeting European Council President Donald Tusk in Brussels, May described their discussion as positive and painted a picture where the two sides were edging towards agreement to move Brexit talks onto a discussion of future trade. But shortly afterwards, Tusk again repeated that Britain had 10 days to deliver on all the major areas of the initial divorce talks, something he said on Twitter was  possible but still a huge challenge . May told reporters after their meetings:  There are still issues across the various matters that we are negotiating on to be resolved.   On one of the major sticking points   how much Britain should pay when it leaves the European Union   May said the two sides were making progress, but declined to offer any figures which could unlock the talks.   I said that we would honour our commitments, and that s what we ve been talking about,  she said. Referring to Britain s border with Ireland, where the government is set to collapse, May said her government was talking to Irish officials  about solutions for that. We have the same desire, we want to ensure that movement of people and trade across that border can carry on as now.  ",1
13915,London police urge people on Oxford Street to go inside buildings,"LONDON (Reuters) - London s police force urged people on Oxford Street, a major shopping district in the center of the city, to go inside while they dealt with an ongoing incident on Friday.  If you are on Oxford Street go into a building. Officers are on scene and dealing (with it),  the Metropolitan Police said on their official Twitter feed. London s transport authority said Oxford Circus underground station was closed while police dealt with what it called  customer incident . ",1
13916,U.S. Navy plane scours South Atlantic in search for Argentine sub,"OVER THE SOUTH ATLANTIC (Reuters) - From the window of a U.S. Navy P-8A Poseidon airplane taking part in an international search for a missing Argentine submarine, the glistening vastness of the South Atlantic stretches in every direction. Yet onboard the modified Boeing 737, the nine-man crew spends much of the flight bent in silence over tracking devices. They listen to signals sent by buoys deployed on the ocean surface and watch video from the plane s heat-seeking camera on five sets of double screens at the center of the plane.  More than 30 aircraft and ships from Argentina, Britain, Brazil, the United States, Chile and other countries are participating in the effort to find the ARA San Juan submarine, which disappeared on Nov. 15 with 44 crew members on board.  In all, more than 4,000 personnel from 13 countries are assisting the search, scouring some 500,000 square km (193,051 square miles) of ocean - an area the size of Spain.  It s great to be able to utilize everything we have - all the training we have, the equipment we have - in order to come down here to Argentina to help find this submarine,  said mission commander Lieutenant Zachary Collver, a 32-year-old pilot from Washington state. However, hopes dimmed of finding the submarine s crew alive on Thursday when Argentina s navy raised the possibility the submarine suffered an explosion, after an international agency with listening posts to check for secret atomic blasts detected an unusual signal near where the vessel went missing. Midway through its seven-hour flight, the U.S. plane changed course, picked up speed and descended toward the ocean surface.  Collver alerted the crew that a satellite image had picked up  something  near the area where the submarine last reported its position, according to a Reuters witness aboard the flight on Wednesday.  The plane turned south toward the Patagonian city of Puerto Madryn, after taking off from an Argentine base in Bahia Blanca, some 650 km (400 miles) south of Buenos Aires. Data analysis would later show the object was just a big rock. The episode was one of several false leads in the international search operation, which has involved more than a dozen boats but has not yet produced any solid clues about the fate of the missing vessel. But the P-8A Poseidon crew insisted they would not diminish their search efforts.  It s rewarding to know we can help out the best that we can,  Collver said. It was the first time the Florida-based crew participated in an actual aerial search mission, rather than just a drill. Argentina has thanked the countries that have participated in the search.  ",1
13917,Egypt military carries out air strikes in area of Sinai mosque attack: security sources,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s military has begun conducting air strikes around the area of North Sinai where a deadly mosque attack that killed more than 230 occurred on Friday, security sources and eyewitnesses said. The strikes have been concentrated in several mountainous areas surrounding Al Rawdah mosque where militants are believed to be hiding out, the security sources said. ",1
13918,Saudi Crown Prince calls Iran leader 'new Hitler': NYT,"DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia s powerful Crown Prince called the Supreme Leader of Iran  the new Hitler of the Middle East  in an interview with the New York Times published on Thursday, sharply escalating the war of words between the arch-rivals. The Sunni Muslim kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Iran back rival sides in wars and political crises throughout the region. Mohammed bin Salman, who is also Saudi defense minister in the U.S.-allied kingdom, suggested the Islamic Republic s alleged expansion under Ayatollah Ali Khamenei needed to be confronted.  But we learned from Europe that appeasement doesn t work. We don t want the new Hitler in Iran to repeat what happened in Europe in the Middle East,  the paper quoted him as saying. Iran reacted harshly by saying that Salman was discredited internationally by his  immature  behavior, state television reported.  No one in the world and in the international arena gives credit to him because of his immature and weak-minded behavior and remarks,  Iran s Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi was quoted as saying.  Now that he has decided to follow the path of famous regional dictators ... he should think about their fate as well.  Tensions soared this month when Lebanon s Saudi-allied Prime Minister Saad Hariri resigned in a television broadcast from Riyadh, citing the influence of Iran-backed Hezbollah in Lebanon and risks to his life. Hezbollah called the move an act of war engineered by Saudi authorities, an accusation they denied.  Hariri has since suspended his resignation. Saudi Arabia has launched thousands of air strikes in a 2-1/2-year-old war in neighboring Yemen to defeat the Iranian-aligned Houthi movement that seized broad swaths of the country. Salman told the Times that the war was going in its favor and that its allies controlled 85 percent of Yemen s territory. The Houthis, however, still retain the main population centers despite the war effort by a Saudi-led military coalition which receives intelligence and refueling for its warplanes by the United States. Some 10,000 people have died in the conflict. The group launched a ballistic missile toward Riyadh s main airport on Nov. 4, which Saudi Arabis decried as an act of war by Tehran. Bin Salman said in May that the kingdom would make sure any future struggle between the two countries  is waged in Iran . For his part, Khamenei has referred to the House of Saud as an  accursed tree , and Iranian officials have accused the kingdom of spreading terrorism, an accusation it denies. ",1
13919,Aid workers to return to Yemen at weekend but no aid yet: U.N.,"GENEVA (Reuters) - The Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen has given the United Nations permission to resume flights of aid workers to the Houthi-controlled capital on Saturday, but not to dock ships loaded with wheat and medical supplies, a U.N. spokesman said. The coalition fighting the armed Houthi movement in Yemen said on Wednesday it would allow aid in through the Red Sea ports of Hodeidah and Salif, as well as U.N. flights to Sanaa, more than two weeks after blockading the country.  About 7 million people face famine in Yemen and their survival is dependent on international assistance. The coalition has given clearance for U.N. flights in and out of Sanaa from Amman on Saturday, involving the regular rotation of aid workers, said Jens Laerke, spokesman of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA).   We re of course encouraged by the clearance of this flight which may be followed soon by clearances of flights from Djibouti to Sanaa,  Laerke told a news briefing on Friday. But no green light have been received for U.N. requests to bring humanitarian supply ships to Hodeidah and Salif ports, he said.  We are particularly talking about one ship which is offshore Hodeidah with wheat from WFP (the U.N. World Food Programme) and another boat which is waiting in Djibouti with cholera supplies and that is also destined for Hodeidah,  he said.  We stress the critical importance of resuming also commercial imports, in particular fuel supplies for our humanitarian response - transportation and so on - and for water pumping, Laerke said. The largest fuel importing companies in Yemen have indicated they will no longer be able to supply the consumer market at the end of this week, OCHA said in a report dated Nov. 23. UNICEF is also waiting to send vaccines, aid sources said. The charity Save the Children said an estimated 20,000 Yemeni children under the age of five were joining the ranks of the severely malnourished every month,  an average of 27 children every hour . The commercial blockade is aggravating the food crisis,  leading to a significant increase in child deaths from acute malnutrition and preventable diseases , it said in a statement. The U.S.-backed coalition closed air, land and sea access on Nov. 6, in a move it said was to stop the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran. The action came after Saudi Arabia intercepted a missile fired toward Riyadh. Iran has denied supplying weapons. Jan Egeland, a former U.N. aid chief who heads the Norwegian Refugee Council, speaking to Reuters in Geneva on Thursday, said of the blockade:  In my view this is illegal collective punishment.   After more than two weeks of blockade of these ports, there are various kinds of supplies essential for fighting famine, for fighting cholera and other types of humanitarian threats that millions of people are facing in Yemen today,  Laerke said. ",1
13920,"Iran says Saudi Crown Prince's behavior 'immature, weak-minded': state TV","ANKARA (Reuters) - Iran said on Thursday that Saudi Arabia s crown prince was discredited internationally by his  immature  behavior, state television reported, after Mohammed bin Salman called Iran s Supreme Leader  the new Hitler of the Middle East .  No one in the world and in the international arena gives credit to him because of his immature and weak-minded behavior and remarks,  Iran s Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi was quoted as saying.  Now that he has decided to follow the path of famous regional dictators ... he should think about their fate as well.  Escalating the war of words between the Middle East rivals, Salman described Iran s Ayatollah Ali Khamenei as the region s  new Hitler  in an interview with the New York Times published on Thursday. ",1
13921,Ukraine's promise of EU membership remains elusive,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU leaders offered Ukraine closer ties on Friday at a summit meant to cement Kiev s ties with the West, but they declined to promise that the country could one day join the bloc.  As fighting escalated in Ukraine s industrial east, EU leaders held a summit with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and five other former Soviet republics, part of a tug-of-war with Russia for influence through trade and cooperation. In a summit statement also signed by Ukraine, Georgia, Moldova, Azerbaijan, Armenia and Belarus, EU leaders agreed to  the European aspirations and European choice of the partners  - code for deeper integration without offering membership. Ukraine, which ousted a Russian-backed president in February 2014 in a pro-European uprising, wants the promise of future membership of the EU, the world s biggest trading bloc, as it seeks to overcome entrenched corruption and economic neglect.  A promise of EU membership is important, it s symbolic,  said Ukraine s Finance Minister Oleksandr Danylyuk on the margins of the biennial summit.  No other country was willing to pay such a high price as we did,  he told Reuters. Kiev, fighting a Russian-backed insurgency in the east, sees a promise of membership as a morale-boosting next step after agreeing a free-trade accord with the bloc and winning visa-free travel to the EU for its citizens. Some EU leaders are sympathetic to Kiev and Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said he promised Poroshenko a formal study into how Ukraine might join the EU s customs union. The summit s chairman Donald Tusk, a former Polish prime minister, said:  I would have preferred that the wording of the (summit) agreement were more ambitious  without giving details. But other leaders warned Ukraine not to push too hard, in part because governments are seeking to curb immigration and face down far-right political parties at home, and also because Ukraine s fragile economy is not yet ready to meet EU norms.     Stubbornness is good, but the most important thing is not guarantees on entering (the EU), but to be stubborn about reforms,  said Lithuania s President Dalia Grybauskaite.  Any membership is only as valuable as it is beneficial for Ukraine,  she said, referring to the country s need to reform to meet EU business, health and other trade standards. Luxembourg s Prime Minister Xavier Bettel echoed that position, saying it was  not the right moment  to be discussing any future Ukrainian membership of the European Union.  Backed by Washington, the European Union is seeking to  build an outer ring of market democracies from the Caucasus to the Sahara without offering EU membership, a policy that has had limited success so far. Ukraine is also unhappy about being grouped in with Belarus, a Russian ally whose authoritarian leader, President Alexander Lukashenko, did not attend the summit on Friday despite being invited for the first time.  On leaving the summit, Poroshenko said he expected a breakthrough soon on a stalled 600 million euro ($712 million) loan to the financial sector from the EU that is held up by Ukraine s failure to meet conditions. Danylyuk told Reuters he also saw the next IMF aid tranche coming early next year.  Wary that reforms will slow as Ukraine moves closer to elections in 2019, the EU and IMF governments are using their financial support to push anti-corruption reforms. European Commissioner Johannes Hahn, who oversees EU integration, said it was  ridiculous  that 1.5 million Ukrainians signed up to a wealth declarations register last year but only 100 people had been assessed to date.  Danylyuk countered that he was facing a campaign against his economic reform efforts from powerful business groups that benefited from corruption and legal loopholes.  This is a fight,  he said.  For vested interests, it s like we are taking their money.  ",1
13922,Ukraine agrees to sign EU summit declaration: officials,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and six former Soviet republics, including Ukraine, agreed a joint summit declaration on Friday that aims to help bring the countries closer to the West, overcoming Kiev s objections, two EU officials said.  It s been agreed,  one official said as leaders from EU member states and from Ukraine, Belarus, Moldova, Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan met for talks in Brussels. ",1
13923,Ukraine agrees to sign EU summit declaration: officials,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union and six former Soviet republics, including Ukraine, agreed a joint summit declaration on Friday that aims to help bring the countries closer to the West, overcoming Kiev s objections, two EU officials said.  It s been agreed,  one official said as leaders from EU member states and from Ukraine, Belarus, Moldova, Georgia, Armenia and Azerbaijan met for talks in Brussels. ",1
13924,Rights groups say outside monitors needed for Rohingya return to Myanmar,"YANGON (Reuters) - Human rights groups called on Friday for international agencies to be allowed to monitor the planned repatriation of hundreds of thousands Rohingya Muslims from Bangladesh to the homes they have fled from in Myanmar over the past three months. The two governments signed a pact on Thursday settling terms for a repatriation process. They aim to start the return of Rohingya in two months in order to reduce pressure in the refugee camps that have mushroomed in the Cox s Bazar region of Bangladesh. But rights groups have expressed doubts about Myanmar, also known as Burma, following through on the agreement, and some have called for independent observers.  The idea that Burma will now welcome them back to their smoldering villages with open arms is laughable,  said Bill Frelick, refugee rights director at Human Rights Watch.  Instead of signing on to a public relations stunt, the international community should make it clear that there can be no returns without international monitors to ensure security, an end to the idea of putting returnees in camps, the return of land and the rebuilding of destroyed homes and villages.   More than 600,000 Rohingya sought sanctuary in Bangladesh after the military in predominantly Buddhist Myanmar launched a brutal counter insurgency across northern parts of Rakhine State following attacks by Rohingya militants on an army base and police posts on Aug. 25. The United Nations and United States have described the military s actions as ethnic cleansing, and rights groups have accused the security forces of atrocities, including mass rape, arson and killings.  China has backed Myanmar over the crisis and blocked a stronger international response, however. Chinese President Xi Jinping on Friday discussed the issue in Beijing with Myanmar s army chief, Min Aung Hlaing. While Myanmar s civilian leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, has said repatriation of the largely stateless Muslim minority would be based on residency and would be  safe and voluntary , there were concerns that the country s autonomous military could prove obstructive. The memorandum of understanding signed by Myanmar and Bangladesh on Thursday said a joint working group would be set up within three weeks to prepare for the return of the refugees. But it gave scant details about the criteria of return and of what role, if any, the United Nations refugee agency, UNHCR, could play. The agency believed conditions in northern Rakhine  are not in place to enable safe and sustainable returns  of Rohingya and some refugees were still fleeing Myanmar, spokesman Adrian Edwards told reporters.  It is important that international standards apply, and we are ready to help,  he said, adding that the UNHCR had still not seen the repatriation agreement signed by the two countries.  It s important that people don t end up being sent back to confinement and ghettos.  Human rights monitors said other important points not addressed in the statements released separately by the two governments included the protection of Rohingya against further violence, a path to resolving their legal status and whether they would be allowed to return to their old homes. Suu Kyi s spokesman was not immediately available for comment on Friday, and had declined to comment on these concerns when contacted by Reuters late on Thursday. Charmain Mohamed, Amnesty International s director for refugee and migrant rights, said the United Nations and the international community  have been completely sidelined  and the talk of return was  premature  while the flow of Rohingya refugees to Bangladesh continued. China welcomed the agreement, saying it  feels gratified at the current positive progress that has been achieved , Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told reporters, adding that situation in Rakhine  has obviously been alleviated . Humanitarian workers say, however, that hundreds of Rohingya are arriving in Bangladesh daily, driven out of Myanmar predominantly by chaos, starvation and fear. While the violence has mostly ceased, Rohingya say they have largely lost access to sources of livelihood such as their farms, fisheries and markets.   We will go back if they don t harass us and if we can live life like the Buddhists and other ethnic groups. Our educated children should get government jobs like the others,  said Sayer Hussein, 55, who arrived in Bangladesh two months ago.  Thousands of Rohingya, most of them old people, women and children, are stranded on beaches near the border, waiting for a boat to take them to Bangladesh. Some independent estimates suggest there could still be a few hundred thousand Rohingya in Rakhine State. Thirty-six groups, including the International Commission of Jurists and Amnesty International, called for a U.N. Human Rights Council special session on the situation in Myanmar.  Myanmar should  immediately cease all human rights violations, including crimes against humanity , the groups said in an open letter to the U.N. council. ",1
13925,Death toll in Egypt north Sinai mosque attack rises to 235: state television,"CAIRO (Reuters) - The death toll in a militant attack on a mosque in Egypt s north Sinai region has risen to 235, Egyptian state television reported, quoting the public prosecutor. ",1
13926,Russian bombers hit Islamic State targets in Syria: RIA,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia s Defence Ministry said on Friday six TU-22M3 long-range bombers had carried out air strikes on Islamic State targets on the western bank of the Euphrates river in Syria, the RIA news agency reported. Militants strongholds and groups were among the targets hit by the bombers, the ministry said. ",1
13927,Merkel reassures EU over lack of Berlin coalition deal,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said she had reassured her European Union counterparts during a summit on Friday that Germany continued to have a government committed to the EU despite delays in forming a new coalition. Speaking to reporters in Brussels, she said it was important to her that the EU continued to develop. Merkel s first attempt to form a new coalition after September s election failed last weekend, disappointing EU partners who were hoping for a fully functioning German government by December to help make deals.   As the acting government, we are fulfilling all our European obligations,  Merkel said.  We are conducting the consultations we need with our parliament in order to be capable of taking the necessary decisions.  ",1
13928,FARC dissidents face full force of Colombia military: president,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Former Marxist FARC rebels who have chosen to join drug trafficking gangs instead of demobilizing will face the full power of Colombia s military, President Juan Manuel Santos said on Thursday, amid worries gangs will stymie security gains. More than 11,000 fighters and collaborators from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) handed over their weapons this year as part of a peace accord with the government to end more than five decades of war. The group has kept its initials in its reincarnation as a political party. But the country s ombudsman says some 800 former guerrillas did not demobilize, a figure in keeping with estimates of security sources and think tanks who put the number of dissident ex-FARC members as ranging between 700 and 1,000. FARC leaders have renounced the dissidents and emphasized that the group will move forward as a peaceful political party.  We re going to throw everything at these dissidents,  Santos told journalists.  There will be no hesitation.  Santos said the number of dissidents is below the 15 percent of fighters that he said usually refuse to demobilize when rebel groups lay down their arms after peace deals. Human rights groups and analysts have expressed worries that a lack of state presence in territory formerly occupied by the FARC is allowing the smaller National Liberation Army (ELN) guerrilla group and criminal gangs to battle for control of lucrative coca crops and illegal mining sites. Amnesty International said in a report on Thursday that despite a reduction in civilian deaths, the conflict rages on in several parts of the country because of the presence of the gangs and the ELN. ",1
13929,Colombian ex-presidents to back joint right-wing 2018 ticket,"BOGOTA (Reuters) - Two former Colombian presidents will back a joint right-wing ticket in elections next year, they said on Friday, focusing their platform on objections to the peace deal signed with the Marxist FARC rebels. Ex-presidents Alvaro Uribe, who is now a senator with his Democratic Center party and Andres Pastrana, who leads the Conservatives, will jointly choose candidates for the presidency and vice-presidency, they said in a statement. The two men have vehemently opposed the peace deal between the government of President Juan Manuel Santos, who will leave office in August 2018, and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) rebels, who have demobilized and are now a political party.  We will choose one candidate for the presidency and vice-presidency, from candidates chosen by the Democratic Center and the Conservative base led by Andres Pastrana, choosing the candidate with the best chance of winning the presidency,  the statement said. The method for choosing between candidates has yet to be decided, it added. Besides changes to the peace deal, which the two men say is not harsh enough on former rebels and does not require them to pay enough for crimes including murder, kidnapping and displacement, the coalition will focus on improvements to health care and the economy. Uribe, who governed from 2002 and 2010 and managed a U.S.-backed offensive against the FARC, has yet to choose a candidate for his party. Pastrana, who himself attempted a peace process with the FARC during his 1998-2002 term, backs Conservative candidate Marta Lucia Ramirez, who also ran in 2014. Corruption scandals, which have lately touched every major political party, are also expected to be a major theme in the 2018 race.  The country s constitutional court has ruled the peace deal cannot be modified for the next 12 years. Other presidential candidates for next year include former vice-president German Vargas Lleras, former government peace negotiator Humberto de la Calle, ex-governor Sergio Fajardo and former M-19 rebel and mayor of Bogota, Gustavo Petro. ",1
13930,"Turkey's Erdogan, U.S. Trump discuss Syria, bilateral ties and Sochi summit: Turkish sources","ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and U.S. President Donald Trump discussed recent developments in Syria, bilateral ties and a summit in Russia s Sochi during a phone call on Friday, sources in Erdogan s office said. At a summit in the southern Russian city of Sochi on Wednesday, Russia s Vladimir Putin won the backing of Turkey and Iran to host a Syrian peace congress, taking the central role in a major diplomatic push to finally end a civil war all but won by Moscow s ally, President Bashar al-Assad. A written statement from Erdogan s office will be released later on Friday, sources said. ",1
13931,Turkey says Trump told Erdogan weapons won't be supplied to Kurdish YPG,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey said on Friday that U.S. President Donald Trump told President Tayyip Erdogan he had issued instructions that weapons should not be provided to Kurdish YPG fighters in Syria, and that the Turkish government hoped to see that order carried out.  Our discomfort regarding the provision of weapons to the YPG was conveyed to Mr Trump once again... Trump very clearly said he had given instructions to not provide weapons to the YPG,  Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told a news conference in Ankara.  We welcome the promise of not providing weapons to the YPG, and want to see it implemented practically.  Cavusoglu also said that Russia, Iran and Turkey would decide jointly who would attend Syrian peace talks. Turkey has said it would not accept the presence of YPG representatives. ",1
13932,China kindergarten sex abuse and 'needlemarks' claims prompt police probe,"BEIJING/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Chinese police are investigating claims of sexual molestation and needlemarks on children at a Beijing kindergarten run by RYB Education Inc, the latest case in a booming childcare industry to spark outrage among parents, sending the company s New York-listed shares tumbling on Friday. The official Xinhua news agency said late on Thursday that police were checking allegations that some teachers and staff at the kindergarten had abused children, who were  reportedly sexually molested, pierced by needles and given unidentified pills . Shares in RYB (RYB.N) plunged 38 percent on the New York Stock Exchange early on Friday, almost wiping out most of the 44 percent rise in the Chinese company s stock since its IPO in September. Parents said their children, some as young as three, relayed troubling accounts of a naked adult male conducting purported  medical check-ups  on students, who were also unclothed, other  media said. Some parents, who gathered outside the school to demand answers on Thursday, said their children gave matching accounts of being fed unidentified tablets and of punishments where students were  made to stand  naked in class, media said. The welfare of children in professional care has become a hot-button issue in China, where a string of high-profile cases of abuse has underlined lax regulations and supervision in the childcare and early learning industry.  We deeply apologise for the serious anxiety this matter has brought to parents and society,  RYB said in a statement on its official microblog on Friday, adding that it was helping authorities.  We are currently working with the police to provide relevant surveillance materials and equipment; the teachers in question have been suspended and we are co-operating with the police investigation,  it said. The school s principal had lodged a police report against  individuals who have engaged in false accusations and framing , it said, without elaborating. Beijing police did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment. In a statement before its shares opened trade on Friday, RYB said it was planning a $50 million share buy-back programme and had established a special task force led by independent company directors to do a  thorough self-inspection across all teaching facilities . China s education ministry has begun a special investigation into the operation of kindergartens, it said in a statement on Thursday, and told education departments nationwide to  take warning from these types of incidents . Separate incidents in China of children being slapped, beaten with a stick and having their mouths sealed shut with duct tape have also gone viral and fuelled anger online. News of the investigation into the Beijing kindergarten triggered a wave of outrage on social media, with more than 76 million mentions of  RYB  on Tencent Holdings Ltd s (0700.HK) WeChat messaging service on Thursday.  These may be individual cases but the deeper problems they reflect cannot be overlooked,  a Xinhua editorial said.  Laws must be enforced, supervision strengthened, teacher wages increased. The childcare industry cannot be allowed to grow in an uncivilised fashion.  Chinese education providers have been attracting major investment, while others have sought global listings, latching onto fast-growing demand from parents for high-end education services. Before Friday, shares in RYB had been up about 44 percent since a September New York listing, giving it a market value of nearly $766 million. This was not the first case of alleged abuse at an RYB school.  In 2015, a court in Jilin province found two teachers guilty of physically abusing children at one of its kindergartens in the city of Siping. In that case, staff at the school on  multiple occasions used needles and intimidation tactics to abuse many of the children under their care , according to the court ruling document. Earlier this year, RYB said it had found  serious mistakes  at another one of its Beijing schools and had asked the principal to step down after videos emerged showing teachers hitting and pushing children.  State television broadcast images of police and angry parents gathered outside the school in Beijing on Thursday, calling for answers.  On Friday, one father leaving the school said he had been there to cancel his son s enrolment and demand a refund.  Another parent, 36-year-old Wang Siqi, said she took the day off work to demand answers, even though her six-year-old son does not attend the school.   As a mother when I saw this news I really couldn t take it,  she said.  This is unforgivable.  RYB says on its website it runs a network of more than 1,300 directly owned and franchised play-and-learn centres and nearly 500 kindergartens for children up to age six in about 300 Chinese cities and towns. ",1
13933,Thai PM reshuffles cabinet for the fifth time since coup,"BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has reshuffled his cabinet, a statement published in the Royal Gazette said on Friday, the fifth change in his administration since he took power in 2014. Prayuth, a former army chief, seized power in a bloodless May 2014 coup following months of street protests that led to the ousting of Prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra and her civilian government. Prayuth switched or appointed 18 ministers, deputy ministers and deputy prime ministers, according to a list published in the Royal Gazette, which was endorsed by Thailand s King Maha Vajiralongkorn. The highest-level changes include the country s ministers of commerce, agriculture, energy, labor, and tourism. It was not immediately clear what impact the reshuffle would have. The reshuffle was to improve some ministerial positions for the benefit of the country s administration, the statement said. The reshuffle follows the resignation of a labor minister. The cabinet has 36 members, and the latest changes cut members from the army to nine, including Prayuth, from 12. Laws passed by the government generally come into force after publication in the Royal Gazette, a public journal.  Prayuth last reshuffled his cabinet in December 2016 following one in August 2015 which was carried out to focus on Thailand s troubled economy. The junta has promised a general election in November 2018 to return Thailand to democracy.     ",1
13934,German president to meet party leaders on Thursday,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier will meet with Chancellor Angela Merkel, the head of Bavaria s conservatives, and the leader of the center Social Democrats (SPD) on Thursday, his office said on Friday. Steinmeier played a central role in encouraging the SPD to reverse its pledge to go into opposition. Thursday s meeting will include Merkel, SPD leader Martin Schulz and Horst Seehofer, leader of the Christian Social Union (CSU), the sister party to Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU). Schulz on Friday announced his center party would help form a new government led by Merkel to avert a disruptive repeat election in Europe s economic and political powerhouse, but said party members would have the final say on any deal. ",1
13935,China's Xi discusses Rohingya crisis with Myanmar army chief,"YANGON (Reuters) - Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Myanmar s top military general in Beijing on Friday and discussed China s support amid international criticism over its treatment of the Rohingya minority, according a statement from the general. China has offered diplomatic backing to its southern neighbor throughout the crisis, despite growing pressure from Western countries for the Myanmar military to be accountable for alleged atrocities. More than 600,000 members of the Rohingya Muslim group have fled from Buddhist-majority Myanmar s Rakhine State to Bangladesh in three months since insurgent attacks on security posts sparked a brutal counter-insurgency campaign.  China helped to block a resolution on the crisis at the U.N. Security Council, while the United States this week called the response by the military and local vigilantes  ethnic cleansing , echoing earlier statements by senior United Nations officials.  According to a statement on the Facebook page of Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, he and the Chinese leader on Friday discussed the  promotion of cooperation between the armed forces of the two countries, the situation of China standing on Myanmar s side at the forefront of the international community regarding the Rakhine issue,  and other issues. Min Aung Hlaing arrived in China on Tuesday and has largely met Chinese military officers during his visit. The statement also said they discussed ongoing talks between Myanmar s government and myriad ethnic insurgent groups, some of whom are based along Myanmar s shared border with China. According to Chinese state news agency Xinhua, Xi said China was closely watching the peace process and was  willing to play a constructive role... for security and stability in their border areas.  The Xinhua account did not mention Rakhine, but cited Xi saying that China  always respects Myanmar s sovereignty and territorial integrity . ",1
13936,China says it will make efforts on Syria reconstruction,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China hopes Syria can show  flexibility  in promoting peace talks, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Friday in a meeting with an adviser to Syria s president, adding that China would help with its reconstruction. Syria s six-year-old civil war has killed hundreds of thousands of people, forced millions to flee in the worst refugee crisis since World War Two and embroiled regional and world powers. For years, Western and Arab countries backed an opposition demand that President Bashar al-Assad quit power, but since Russia s 2015 entry into the war, his government has won back major cities and now looks militarily unassailable. Leaders of Russia, Turkey and Iran agreed on Wednesday to help support a full-scale political process in Syria and announced an agreement to sponsor a conference in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi to try to end the war.  Syria is looking chiefly to Russia, China and Iran for help with reconstruction. Western states say recovery and reconstruction support for Syria depends on  a credible political process leading to a genuine political transition that can be supported by a majority of the Syrian people . Wang told Bouthaina Shaaban, a senior aide to Assad visiting China, that engagement over the future of Syria s political arrangements had intensified, and that he believed it would contribute to a formal peace process talks in Geneva.  China hopes the Syrian side can seize the opportunity, display flexibility, and promote dialogue and negotiation to achieve substantive results,  Wang said, according to a statement from China s foreign ministry.  The international community should emphasize and actively support Syria s reconstruction. China will put forth its own effort for this,  Wang said, without elaborating on what those efforts would be. Shaaban welcomed China playing a greater role in Syria s political resolution process, the ministry said. While relying on the Middle East for oil supplies, China tends to leave the region s diplomacy to the other permanent members of the U.N. Security Council, namely the United States, Britain, France and Russia. But China has been trying to get more involved, including sending envoys to help push for a diplomatic solution to the violence there and hosting Syrian government and opposition figures. China hopes a peaceful Middle East will also help end the involvement of ethnic Uighurs, a Muslim people from the far western Chinese region of Xinjiang, with militant groups in Syria and Iraq. ",1
13937,Death toll in Egypt mosque attack climbs to 200: state television,"CAIRO (Reuters) - The death toll in a militant attack on a mosque in Egypt s north Sinai region has risen to 200, Egyptian state television and MENA state news agency said on Friday. ",1
13938,Former ally of Nigeria's Buhari prepared to contest presidency in 2019,"ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria s Atiku Abubakar, a former vice president and key ally of President Muhammadu Buhari, quit the ruling party on Friday saying it had  failed the people , and a spokesman said he might run in a presidential election due in February 2019.   Abubakar is the first political heavyweight to signal a likely bid for the presidency, which could pit him against 74-year-old Buhari, who took power in 2015 but has been absent for much of this year due to illness. Questions over Buhari s fitness or willingness to run in 2019 are rife in Nigeria, both within and outside his ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) party, which Abubakar had earlier quit in an unprecedented public rupture. Divisions within the party have been exacerbated by Buhari s recent long absences abroad for treatment for an unexplained ailment and discontent with his administration. The main opposition is also struggling to maintain unity, according to party members. In a statement announcing he was leaving the party, Abubakar said the APC  has failed and continues to fail our people  and accused it of  a draconian clampdown on all forms of democracy within the party and the government . A spokesman later told Reuters that Abubakar, who was Nigeria s vice president from 1999 to 2007 and has made numerous unsuccessful bids to become the country s leader,  is prepared to run for the presidency in 2019 .  An APC spokesman declined to comment on Abubakar s departure. ",1
13939,Pope criticizes politicians for stoking racism over immigration,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Friday excoriated politicians who foment fear of migrants, saying they were sowing violence and racism, and urged them to  practise the virtue of prudence  to help them integrate. The pope, who has made defense of migrants and refugees a major plank of his papacy, made his comments in a message prepared for the Roman Catholic Church s World Day of Peace, which is celebrated on Jan. 1 each year. The message, whose title for 2018 is  Migrants and Refugees: Men and Women in Search of Peace , is traditionally sent to heads of state and government and international institutions. The message is being released as migration has become a top political issue in countries including the United States, Italy, Australia and Germany.  Many destination countries have seen the spread of rhetoric decrying the risks posed to national security or the high cost of welcoming new arrivals, and doing so demeans the human dignity due to all as sons and daughters of God,  he wrote.  Those who, for what may be political reasons, foment fear of migrants instead of building peace are sowing violence, racial discrimination and xenophobia, which are matters of great worry  for all those concerned about the safety of every human being,  he said. In elections in Germany in September, the far-right and anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party made significant gains, with electors punishing Chancellor Angela Merkel for her open-door policy and pushing migration policy to the top of the agenda in talks to form a coalition government. Italy s anti-immigrant Northern League, whose leader Matteo Salvini often gives fiery speeches against migrants, is expected to make gains in national elections next year. Francis urged governments to make legal immigration easier but said that leaders should also recognize that many people move  mainly out of desperation, when their own countries offer neither safety nor opportunity, and every legal pathway appears impractical, blocked or too slow . In the United States, President Donald Trump has promised to build a wall along the Mexican border to keep illegal immigrants out, something the pope has criticized in the past. The pope said richer countries should show  a spirit of compassion  toward those forced to flee war, hunger, discrimination, persecution, poverty and environmental degradation. He acknowledged that immigrants can sometimes  compound numerous existing problems  and that leaders have a  clear responsibility toward their own communities ; but practical ways had to be found to welcome newcomers, who can enrich society with their cultures, skills and energy.  By practicing the virtue of prudence, government leaders should take practical measures to welcome, promote, protect, integrate and, within the limits allowed by a correct understanding of the common good, to permit (them) to become part of a new society,  he said. Francis urged the United Nations to make  compassion, foresight and courage  the foundations for global compacts on migration and refugees that the world body is preparing for next year.  Only in this way can the realism required of international politics avoid surrendering to cynicism and to the globalization of indifference,  Francis said. ",1
13940,U.N. special envoy on Syria says had 'useful' meeting with Russia's Lavrov: Ifax,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - United Nations special envoy on Syria, Staffan de Mistura, said a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in Moscow on Friday was  useful , Russia s Interfax news agency reported. He declined additional comments before the end of a Syria s opposition meeting in Riyadh. He also said he planned to discuss Syria with Russia s defense minister later on Friday.  ",1
13941,"Papua New Guinean police evict asylum-seekers from Australian-run camp, UNHCR decries force used","SYDNEY (Reuters) - Papua New Guinean police cleared the remaining asylum-seekers from a shuttered Australian-run detention complex on Friday, ending a three-week protest which started with some 600 people surviving on rain water and smuggled food and supplies. Australia closed the Manus Island detention centre on Oct. 31, after it was declared illegal by a Papua New Guinea court, but the asylum seekers refused to leave to transit centres saying they feared for their safety. Despite the unsanitary conditions and lack of adequate food and fresh water, about 300 remained when Papua New Guinea police started removing people on Thursday and Friday.  The refugees are leaving the prison camp,  Kurdish journalist Behrouz Boochani told Reuters in a text message on Friday.  We did our best to send out our voice but the government does not care.  Australia s Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said in a statement on Friday that all of the asylum seekers had now departed for alternative accommodation.  Advocates should now desist from holding out false hope to these men that they will ever be brought to Australia,  Dutton said. In Geneva, the U.N. refugee agency UNHCR denounced the use of force by Papua New Guinean police to remove the refugees and asylum seekers and called for Australia to ensure their protection.  The beating of refugees and asylum-seekers by uniformed officers with metal poles, shown by footage released today, is both shocking and inexcusable,  UNHCR said in a statement. Several refugees were  severely injured  in the raid and needed medical treatment, it added, warning of a  grave risk  of further deterioration of the situation on the island. The fate of the asylum seekers, some of whom have been detained for years and come mostly from Afghanistan, Iran, Myanmar, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Syria, remains unclear. Australia steadfastly refuses to allow them entry under its strict  sovereign borders  policy and the asylum seekers have refused to resettle in Papua New Guinea.  Australia and Papua New Guinea both say the asylum seekers are now the other s responsibility, although the Australian government said it had spent A$10 million ($7.6 million) on the transit facility and it wanted the men to move there. Under Australia s  sovereign borders  policy asylum seekers trying to reach its shores by boat are intercepted and detained in either Papua New Guinea or Nauru in the South Pacific. The United Nations and human rights groups have for years criticised Australia s policy, citing human rights abuses in the offshore detention centres and called for their closure.  Papua New Guinea intensified efforts to clear the Manus facility on Thursday by bringing in buses to start moving the men and cutting off routes previously used to deliver smuggled supplies, said Christian pastor Jarrod McKenna, who was at the shuttered centre earlier this week helping the refugees.  Pictures sent to Reuters by an asylum-seeker showed Papua New Guinean officials wearing army fatigues inside the camp on Friday, and a video distributed by advocacy group GetUp showed police armed with sticks pulling an asylum seeker to his feet.       Buses are waiting for you, trucks are waiting for you...you will get on to them and you will move to your new location, you will not stay here,  a man who identified himself as a police commander told the asylum seekers in a video posted to Facebook by Sudanese refugee Abdul Aziz. Papua New Guinea immigration and police officials did not return telephone calls from Reuters to seek comment. ($1 = 1.3118 Australian dollars) ",1
13942,Death toll in attack on mosque in Egypt's north Sinai rises to 184: state television,"CAIRO (Reuters) - The death toll in a militant attack on mosque in Egypt s north Sinai region has risen to 184 killed, Egyptian state television and MENA state news agency said. ",1
13943,France's Le Drian says China is 'well placed to push' North Korea to talks,"BEIJING (Reuters) - China has leverage to persuade North Korea to go back to talks over its nuclear ambitions, French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Friday, after meeting with his Chinese counterpart Wang Yi. North Korea s rapid progress in developing nuclear weapons and missiles has fueled a surge in regional tensions as United Nations-led sanctions appear to have failed to bite deeply enough to change its behavior. Western diplomats have said that China is largely responsible for patchy enforcement. But Beijing bristles at the notion that it should be doing more to rein in North Korea, which does about 90 percent of its trade with China, saying it is fully enforcing U.N. sanctions and that everyone has a responsibility to lower tension and get talks back on track.  We want to force the negotiations ... and it s true that China is well placed to push,  Le Drian told reporters during a joint briefing with Wang after arriving in Beijing for a four-day visit. A military solution was an  extreme  option, he said. China advocates for a  dual suspension  plan to address the issue in which Pyongyang would halt its nuclear and missile programs and Washington would stop military exercises with its allies in the region, though U.S. President Donald Trump has ruled it out. Wang said the proposition is  realistic and feasible .  France thought it was a real proposition but that the conditions to realize it have not been met. But if we don t have the conditions we have to create the conditions,  Wang said. Le Drian countered that he didn t see it as the right approach.   I don t believe much in the double-suspension strategy, because first of all [North Korea] isn t prepared to negotiate the very principle of this nuclear program,  Le Drian said. Le Drian has said previously that bellicose statements by Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un have created fears of a dangerous miscalculation, particularly since Pyongyang conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test on Sept. 3. Washington this week imposed sanctions on 13 Chinese and North Korean organizations Washington accused of helping evade nuclear restrictions against Pyongyang and supporting the country through trade of commodities like coal.  The U.S. Treasury also put North Korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism. But North Korea last week ruled out negotiations with Washington as long as joint U.S-South Korea military exercises continue, and said that Pyongyang s atomic weapons program would remain as a deterrent against a U.S. nuclear threat.  The air forces of South Korea and the United States are scheduled to hold a regular joint drill in December, which will include hundreds of aircraft and about 12,000 U.S. personnel. ",1
13944,Outgoing Czech government to submit resignation on Nov 29,"PRAGUE (Reuters) - The outgoing Czech government will submit its resignation when it next meets on Nov. 29, Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said on Twitter on Friday, making way for a new administration following an October parliamentary election. Czech President Milos Zeman plans to appoint Andrej Babis as prime minister in early December. Babis s ANO party won last month s election by a large margin but fell short of a majority. It has yet to find any coalition partners and is still seeking votes to support a minority cabinet. ",1
13945,Venezuela's Maduro keeps eye on prize: 2018 presidential vote,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Just months ago, with crowds of protesters baying on the streets for the resignation of the  dictator  and  murderer,  Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro looked like a goner.     Global opinion hardened against his socialist government, with Washington the first to impose sanctions. Coup rumors spread amid one of the worst economic implosions in modern Latin American history, and there were two botched mini-uprisings. Yet the unpopular successor to Hugo Chavez has not only survived, he is ending the year on a political high and is even a front-runner for the 2018 presidential election.     The upturn in Maduro s fortunes began with a surprise victory in last month s gubernatorial elections, thanks to abstentionism by disillusioned opposition supporters and election conditions stacked in favor of his Socialist Party.  He then seized the initiative by announcing Venezuela s intention to restructure its more than $120 billion foreign debt. The high-stakes moves allows him to blame a U.S.-led  capitalist conspiracy  for hyperinflation and shortages while potentially freeing hard currency to import food and medicines ahead of next year s vote. Government sources say a buoyant Maduro is now considering driving home his advantage by bringing forward the normally year-end election to February or March. The president, so toxic last month that few gubernatorial candidates wanted to be seen with him, might now be his party s best bet to retain power against an opposition in disarray. Speculation about alternative candidates - from powerful Socialist Party No. 2 Diosdado Cabello to up-and-coming governor Hector Rodriguez - has quietened in recent days.  For sure Maduro will be the candidate. How can anyone challenge him?  said Dimitris Pantoulas, a Caracas-based consultant who tracks Socialist Party politics.   Look at him on TV: He s bright and happy. He even dances better than before!  Chavismo  has the momentum,  he added, referring to the movement founded by Chavez.  Maduro is taking credit in government circles for pushing through a Constituent Assembly super-body that cemented the socialists  power - albeit in an election boycotted by the opposition and marred by fraud accusations even from the company running the voting machines - and for breaking the opposition coalition. With the main parties within the opposition Democratic Unity coalition boycotting next month s mayoral elections, another win looks likely at the local level. The 55-year-old leader is already touting his potential 2018 campaign theme: No to the  Yankee  sanctions. Some believe that was one motivation behind the proposed debt restructuring: to force creditors into pressuring Washington to ease sanctions because they hinder any refinancing of Venezuela s obligations.  It is also part of Maduro s strategy with the opposition in talks due to start on Dec. 1 in the Dominican Republic.  We must demand the Venezuela opposition reach a pact for 2018 to have presidential elections with economic guarantees, an end to U.S. government sanctions and an end to the financial persecution of Venezuela,  Maduro said recently. The government will also press for the opposition-controlled National Assembly to support debt refinancing, a potential way around sanctions that otherwise prevent U.S. banks from participating. There has been no sign U.S. President Donald Trump would be willing to ease sanctions. On the contrary, a U.S. official told Reuters recently that Washington was weighing new sanctions in response to Maduro s crackdown on the opposition. Though the opposition is trying to rally Venezuelans to oust the socialists once and for all in the 2018 vote, there is no hiding their woeful state. Leaders struggled to explain the October gubernatorial poll defeat, first blaming fraud then admitting they shot themselves in the foot via abstentionism. The coalition openly split over the Dec. 10 municipal elections, with major parties opting for a boycott but others deciding to run candidates. That confused strategy - a far cry from their unity in 2015 parliamentary elections - has undercut western pressure on Maduro. Given that the opposition s most popular candidates are detained or banned from running, Maduro is goading veteran Democratic Action party leader Henry Ramos - a divisive figure, unpopular with many younger voters and hard-line opposition groups - to contest the 2018 poll.  With an unpopular president potentially facing an unconvincing opposition candidate, next year s election would seem to be fertile territory for a middle-ground aspirant.   This is the best time for anyone proposing a different way,  said dissident former  Chavista  Nicmer Evans. Putting his money where his mouth is, Evans is tramping the streets of Caracas to campaign for a mayorship at the Dec. 10 vote with a new party called New Vision For My Country. Many Venezuelans say the best president would be Lorenzo Mendoza, the billionaire head of the Polar brewing and food company, whose ratings dwarf mainstream politicians. He, however, has shown little inclination. Assuming Mendoza remains on the sidelines and no Socialist Party faction displaces a Maduro candidacy, he seems to have a real chance of retaining the presidency despite popularity levels that have been halved during his rule to around 20-25 percent. A bigger threat than the opposition would appear to be social protests at the economic crisis, or a Zimbabwe-style move from within the military. Cliver Alcala, a former  Chavista  general who is now an outspoken critic of Maduro, said rank-and-file soldiers were fed up with personal penury and the politicization of their institution. Even so, he saw little appetite for an uprising and said the military top brass appeared to have a vested interest in supporting Maduro due to the influence he allows them.   There is more possibility of a popular social outburst due to lack of food and medicine, and the constant abuses of authority,  Alcala said.  That, however, is a cycle Venezuelans have lived through over and over in recent years: violent protests and national shutdowns coming at huge cost to life, property and productivity. Through it all, Maduro has hung on - and for now is smiling again.  ",1
13946,Nigeria ex-vice president prepared to run for presidency in 2019,"ABUJA (Reuters) - Nigeria s former Vice President Atiku Abubakar is prepared to run for the presidency in 2019, his spokesman told Reuters on Friday. The former ally of President Muhammadu Buhari quit the ruling party earlier on Friday, saying it had  failed.  ",1
13947,"France's Macron seeks renewal of Africa ties, but old problems persist","PARIS (Reuters) - Barely six months into office, President Emmanuel Macron is already preparing for his third visit to sub-Saharan Africa. Yet while the energetic young leader is eager to reshape France s relationship with the continent, old problems die hard. His Nov. 28-30 trip to Burkina Faso, Ghana and Ivory Coast is aimed at boosting cooperation on education, the digital economy and the environment. The visit will be capped by an EU-Africa summit in Abidjan, when migration will top the agenda.   Africa is not just the continent of migration and crises. It s a continent of the future,  the 39-year-old president told French ambassadors in August. But even then, French forces were being sucked deeper into a years-long battle to quell Islamist militancy in Mali. Last month, a raid by French special forces in the Malian desert illustrated how deep that quagmire is becoming. French troops stormed an Islamist training camp, killing 15 suspected militants. French officials said the operation was based on intelligence the camp housed Malians who had joined the Islamists. Mali said government soldiers held hostage by the Ansar al-Dine group were among the dead. As recriminations flew, a defense official spoke of  a real trust problem . Laurent Bigot, a former under-secretary in the French foreign ministry, was blunt:  Mali is a disaster,  he said.  We re repeating mistakes made in Iraq and Afghanistan.  That assessment underlines just how much work Macron faces if he is to strengthen security and migration policy without getting bogged down in costly military ventures. More than 7,000 French troops are already deployed across Africa.  Macron will make his first stop in Ougadougou, Burkina Faso, where he will set out his vision for Franco-African relations in his favored style - a speech. Language and tone are critical. French presidents usually make early visits to Africa, but some have misjudged. Nicolas Sarkozy declared  the tragedy of Africa is that the African has not fully entered into history . The comment has haunted him. A presidency official said Macron would emphasize education and investing in youth across the continent, themes he has touched on in his first six months in power.  In Ghana, a former British colony where France has ramped up investment, including in oil, telecoms and technology, Macron is to promote the digital economy and a broadening of French education initiatives.  In Ivory Coast, environment will be the main topic, before EU and African leaders meet to discuss security and migration, with both Macron and Germany s Angela Merkel keen to limit the flow of migrants to Europe by introducing tighter checks and controls on African soil, not in Europe.   Macron s proposals to bolster African growth and create jobs echo Germany s call for a  Marshall Plan for Africa . He also promises to raise France s aid budget from 0.38 percent of national income to 0.55 percent by 2022.    After French colonialism ended in the 1950s and 60s, France wielded a tight grip over its former dominions, using military might to install leaders in return for French companies securing lucrative contracts   a policy dubbed  Francafrique . But French diplomats say the days of France throwing its weight around for commercial favors are over.  Macron, born months after Djibouti became the last French colony to gain independence, has shown little inclination to revive the old networks that linked French businessmen and intelligence agents with African politicians.   We have a president who has never known the colonies and never had those close links to the region s leaders. He has more freedom to say what he thinks,  said one diplomat. Macron has created an African Presidential Council to help shape his thoughts. Its 11 members are mostly young, dual-national entrepreneurs with backgrounds in art, media, finance and ecology. It reports directly to the president, irking some in diplomatic circles.  France s shift away from Francafrique has eroded the privileges once enjoyed by companies such as Total, Orange and Areva, just as globalization has opened the field to China and India. French business group Medef is lobbying Macron for a greater role for the private sector in his vision for Africa, although some acknowledge French companies face huge competition and can still suffer an image problem.  Africa is a fast growing continent, business opportunities are not a problem,  said Patrice Fonlladosa, president of Veolia Africa & Middle East and head of Medef s Africa committee.  The problem is being chosen as the partner of choice.   ",1
13948,Irish finance minister says prospect of election 'unconscionable',"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland s finance minister said the prospect of an election and period without government during Brexit talks is unconscionable, telling the party propping the government up that it needed to be aware of the consequences of causing an election.  At a time when issues and decisions will need to be made that will reverberate in our country for decades to come, the prospect of either an election taking place or a government not being in place afterwards is actually unconscionable,  Paschal Donohoe told national broadcaster RTE. ",1
13949,Russia takes Tokyo to task over defense alliance with Washington,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is concerned that Japan is allowing Washington to use its territory as a base for a U.S. military build-up in north Asia under the pretext of countering North Korea, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday. His remarks came at a joint press conference with his Japanese counterpart, Taro Kono, after talks between the two men in Moscow, and prompted Kono to defend Japan s stance toward North Korea and its ties with the United States. Japan had wanted to focus on resolving a seven-decade old territorial dispute between the countries but Lavrov s comments on North Korea cast a shadow over the meeting.        We are expressing deep concern, with facts to back it up, that Japan along with South Korea is becoming a territory for the deployment of elements of the U.S. global missile defense system which is being rolled out in that region under the pretext of the North Korea threat,  Lavrov said.  We have no problems directly with Japan, we do not see risks there. We see risks because of the proliferation of a global U.S. missile defense system on the territory of countries that neighbor Russia, including Japan.  He said that in the past few weeks the United States had conducted military exercises in the region and adopted additional sanctions despite the absence of provocation from Pyongyang.  We are alarmed that in the last two months when North Korea conducted no tests or rocket launches, it seemed that Washington was not happy about that, and tried to do things that would irritate and provoke Pyongyang,  Lavrov said. Referring to U.S. officials, he said:  It s as if they are hoping that they (the North Koreans) will lash out again, and then it would be possible to engage in military options.   As you know, the U.S. leadership has said many times that all options are on the table, including military options, and we note that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, at a meeting with President Trump in early November, said that he supports the American position 100 percent,  Lavrov said. Japanese Foreign Minister Kono, after listening to Lavrov s remarks, responded that Japan and its allies were not seeking regime change in North Korea. He said Tokyo had to act to defend itself after Pyongyang test-fired missiles which flew over Japan s territory.  This is unprecedented, the most important and most pressing threat not just to Japan and Russia but to the international community as a whole. It s absolutely unacceptable,  Kono said, speaking through an interpreter.  We believe it s necessary to use all possible means and to increase the pressure on North Korea as much as possible to stop its nuclear program and the rocket launches,  he said.  Japan welcomes the position of the United States, which is that to protect Japan and South Korea, all means of deterrence will be used.  Earlier this year, Japan s Abe expressed hope of a breakthrough in Tokyo s dispute with Moscow over a group of islands in the Pacific, but that prospect has now dimmed. The islands are known in Japan as the northern territories and in Russia as the Kurile islands. At the end of World War Two, Soviet forces took control over the islands from Japan. The island dispute has meant that Moscow and Tokyo have still not signed a formal peace agreement to end war-time hostilities. Lavrov and Kono said at their talks that they had made progress on measures to boost Russian-Japanese economic cooperation on the islands, and to ease access for Japanese people wanting to visit. They offered no details about any progress on resolving the core of the dispute, about who has sovereignty over the islands. ",1
13950,Russia: Asia should not be militarized under pretext of countering North Korea,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is opposed to the militarization of Asia under the pretext of countering North Korea and is concerned by U.S. plans to deploy part of its global missile defense system in the region, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday Lavrov was speaking after talks with his Japanese counterpart Taro Kono in Moscow.  ",1
13951,Egypt declares three days of mourning after attack on north Sinai mosque: state television,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt s government has declared three days of mourning after attack on north Sinai mosque killed at least 85 people on Friday, state television said. ",1
13952,"North Korea replaces soldiers, South Korea awards medals after defector's border dash","SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea has reportedly replaced guards and fortified a section of its border with South Korea where a North Korean soldier defected last week, while South Korean and U.S. soldiers have been decorated for their role in the defector s rescue. The North Korean defector was shot and wounded by his fellow soldiers as he dashed into the South Korean side of the Joint Security Area (JSA) last week. The South Korean and U.S. soldiers who led a rescue attempt to drag the gravely injured soldier to safety have been awarded medals, according to U.S. Forces Korea. A group of senior diplomats based in Seoul visited the JSA on Wednesday morning where they saw five North Korean workers digging a deep trench in the area where the soldier had dashed across the line after getting his jeep stuck in a small ditch, a member of the diplomatic delegation told Reuters on Friday.  In a photograph of the visit posted to the Twitter account of acting U.S. ambassador to South Korea, Marc Knapper, North Korean workers could be seen using shovels to dig a deep trench on the North Korean side of the line as soldiers stood guard.  The workers were being watched very closely by the KPA guards, not just the two in the photo, but others out of shot behind the building,  said the diplomat, who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the situation. According to an intelligence official cited by South Korea s Yonhap news agency, the North has replaced the 35-40 soldiers it had guarding the JSA at the time of the incident.   We re closely monitoring the North Korean military s movement in the JSA,  a South Korean defense ministry official told reporters, without confirming the reduction in border guards.  There are limits as to what we can say about things we know.  Reuters was unable to independently verify the reports, although photos taken by Knapper and other diplomats of soldiers guarding the area where workers were digging the trench showed them dressed in slightly different uniforms to the ones usually worn by North Korea s JSA guards. Two new trees had also been planted in the small space between the ditch and the line with the South, the diplomat told Reuters, in an apparent effort to make it more difficult for would-be defectors to drive across the ground. Meanwhile, in South Korea, U.S. Forces Korea (USFK) said it had awarded its own JSA soldiers - three South Korean and three U.S. soldiers - the Army Commendation medal in recognition for their efforts in rescuing the defector.  The medals were personally handed out by USFK Commander Vincent Brooks in a ceremony on Thursday, according to USFK s Facebook page.  The soldiers had been responsible for dragging the wounded North Korean soldier to safety in a daring rescue seen in security camera footage released by the United Nations Command earlier this week. Pyongyang has not commented on the defection of its soldier, who is now in stable condition despite sustaining multiple injuries sustained from gunshot wounds to his arm and torso. The young soldier, known only by his family name Oh, is a quiet, pleasant man who has nightmares about being returned to the North, his surgeon told Reuters on Thursday. (For a graphic, click reut.rs/2jfoZPI) ",1
13953,"Freed Pakistani militant rails against India, ex-PM Sharif","LAHORE/ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - A newly freed Pakistani Islamist accused of masterminding a bloody 2008 assault in the Indian city of Mumbai called ousted former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif a  traitor  on Friday for seeking peace with neighbor and arch-foe India. The release of Hafiz Saeed from house arrest raised fresh questions as to whether Saeed might enter politics to run a new, unregistered political party founded by his supporters. India and the United States expressed concern at his release, calling for Saeed to be prosecuted over the Mumbai attack that killed 166 people, including Americans. Saeed, who has a $10 million U.S. bounty on his head, spoke at Friday prayers in a mosque in the city of Lahore after being freed from house arrest by a court that said there was no evidence to hold him. Saeed was placed under house arrest in January while Sharif was still prime minister, a move that drew praise from India, long furious at Saeed s continued freedom in Pakistan. In July, a Supreme Court ruling disqualified Sharif from office over a corruption investigation, though his party still runs the government with a close ally as prime minister. Saeed, however, said Sharif deserved to be removed for his peace overtures with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.  Nawaz Sharif asks why he was ousted? I tell him he was ousted, because he committed treason against Pakistan by developing friendship with Modi, killers of thousands of Muslims,  Saeed said. India s Ministry of External Affairs condemned Saeed s release, saying it showed Pakistan was not serious about prosecuting terrorists. A U.S. official said Washington was  deeply concerned  about the release.  The Pakistani government should make sure that he is arrested and charged for his crimes,  U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said. Saeed has repeatedly denied involvement in the 2008 Mumbai violence in which 10 gunmen attacked targets in India s largest city, including two luxury hotels, a Jewish center and a railway station. The assault brought nuclear-armed neighbors Pakistan and India to the brink of war.  I m happy that no allegation against me was proved,  Saeed told supporters after his release, according to a video released by the Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) Islamist charity, which he heads. The United States says the JuD is a front for the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) militant group, which Saeed founded and which has been blamed for a string of high-profile attacks in India. Pakistan officially banned the Lashkar-e-Taiba in 2002. Saeed blamed India for his incarceration in Pakistan, saying  Pakistan s rulers detained me on the aspiration of Modi because of their friendship with him . Saeed has long campaigned in support of Muslim separatists in the Indian-ruled portion of the divided Himalayan region of Kashmir, which Pakistan also claims. India accuses Pakistan of supporting the LeT and other separatists battling in the Indian part of Kashmir. Pakistan denies that. While Saeed was under house arrest, his JuD charity launched a political party, the Milli Muslim League (MML), which has won thousands of votes in by-elections.  Senior government and retired military figures say the party has the backing of Pakistan s powerful military. The military denies any direct involvement in civilian politics. MML officials have privately said that the party is controlled by Saeed, but it is not clear if Saeed will seek to contest elections or launch a political career. ",1
13954,'Wiping out' extremist ideology is my mission: head of Saudi-based Muslim body,"PARIS (Reuters) - The head of a Saudi-based organization that for decades was charged with spreading the strict Wahhabi school of Islam around the world has said those times were over and his focus now was aimed at annihilating extremist ideology. Former justice minister Mohammed al-Issa, appointed secretary-general of the Mecca-based Muslim World League (MWL) just over a year ago, told Reuters during a European tour that his organization would no longer sit by and let Islam be taken hostage by extremists.  The push for a more moderate Islam underscores efforts by Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to modernize the kingdom, which finances groups overseen by the organization, and cleave to a more open and tolerant interpretation of Islam. The ambitious young prince has already taken some steps to loosen Saudi Arabia s ultra-strict social restrictions, scaling back the role of religious morality police, permitting public concerts and announcing plans to allow women to drive next year.  The past and what was said, is in the past. What happened in the past and the way in which we worked then, is not the subject of debate,  Issa said in an interview late on Thursday.  We must wipe out this extremist thinking through the work we do. We need to annihilate religious severity and extremism which is the entry point to terrorism. That is the mission of the Muslim World League.  Saudi Arabia has used the MWL to export its strict Wahhabi version of Islam since it was set up in 1962 as a bulwark against radical secular ideologies.  The missionary society controls mosques and Islamic centers around the world, which critics say promote hatred and intolerance of other sects and religions - a charge the group has denied. Issa said the MWL would be much more hands on now and aim to tackle any sign of extremism in areas where it operates, but also if it became aware of any other schools, centers or mosques where an extremist ideology was being propagated. While he declined to give specific details, a week earlier he was in Geneva where he vowed to reform the city s largest mosque after French and Swiss authorities raised concerns that it had become a hub of extremism. The mosque is supported by the MWL.  Every time we spot such a message, we won t keep our arms crossed, we will do everything to annihilate this ideology,  the 52-year-old said through a translator.  What we are doing and want to do is purify Islam of this extremism and these wrong interpretations and give the right interpretations of Islam,  he said.  Only the truth can defeat that and we represent the truth.     The emergence of Islamic State in Syria and Iraq with its thousands of foreign fighters has highlighted how Europe in particular has become a breeding ground for angry and fragile people to turn to radical Islam.  In France alone, a string of attacks that saw hundreds of people killed since 2015 were in large part carried out by French Muslims. Issa said part of his work was to address the difficulties Muslims may have in adapting their religion to non-Muslim nations.  We try to bring answers to face down these messages that change the reality of Islam. We want to offer the real interpretation of the sacred texts that have been taken hostage and interpreted in a wrong way,  he said.  As part of those efforts, Issa said he was also working with other faiths. After the Lebanese Maronite patriarch made a historic visit to Riyadh last week, Issa visited religious officials at Paris  landmark Notre Dame Cathedral, but also Paris  Grand Synagogue.   We have a common objective to end hatred,  he said.  The Muslim World League really believes that we can accomplish that, and religions are very influential in doing that.  ",1
13955,Russia working with Saudi Arabia to unify Syrian opposition: Lavrov,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is working together with Saudi Arabia to unify the Syrian opposition, Russia s RIA news agency quoted Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov as saying on Friday. Lavrov was speaking at a meeting with United Nations special envoy on Syria, Staffan de Mistura, who is visiting Moscow.  De Mistura said a new Syrian constitution will be one of the main items on the agenda for UN-sponsored talks in Geneva next week between opposing sides in the Syria conflict, RIA reported.  ",1
13956,Irish election likely after opposition submits no-confidence motion,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - An Irish general election appeared likely after opposition party Fianna Fail submitted a motion of no confidence on Friday in the deputy prime minister, which the ruling party considers a breach of a three-year agreement to support prime minister Leo Varadkar s government. Fianna Fail leader Micheal Martin told state broadcaster RTE that his party had submitted the motion. A senior member of Varadkar s Fine Gael party earlier said that the submission of a no confidence motion by Fianna Fail would kill the deal to support the government. ",1
13957,"UK says has constructive relationship with Ireland, will focus on Brexit progress","LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has a constructive relationship with Ireland and will focus on making progress on Brexit negotiations, Prime Minister Theresa May s spokesman said on Friday. An Irish election appeared likely after opposition party Fianna Fail submitted a motion of no confidence in the deputy prime minister, which the ruling party considers a breach of a three-year agreement to support prime minister Leo Varadkar s government.   We feel that we have a constructive relationship with Ireland, and we will continue to talk with them regularly, as we do with the other EU27, and we will continue to focus on making progress in the negotiation,  May s spokesman said, when asked about the political uncertainty in Dublin.  ",1
13958,Barnier reassures Ireland EU stands with Dublin on Brexit,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier assured Ireland s foreign minister on Friday that the EU would defend Dublin s position in talks with Britain over the coming weeks. Barnier said on Twitter that he had updated Simon Coveney on the state of play in negotiations, in which Britain is hoping to clinch a deal with Brussels next month on a range of issues including management of the Northern Irish border in order to launch a second phase of discussions focusing on a trade accord.  Strong solidarity with Ireland,  Barnier wrote.  Irish issues are EU issues.  Coveney tweeted back:  Thank u @MichelBarnier reaffirming EU solidarity with Ireland on #Brexit.  Facing a possible government collapse and new elections just at a crucial point in the Brexit process, the Irish government has sharpened the tone of its demands from London for detail on how the border will be kept open and unhindered. It has warned it will veto moves to trade talks if it is not satisfied. ",1
13959,Irish opposition leader says PM's party preparing for election,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The party of Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar appears to be preparing for an imminent general election, the head of the opposition Fianna Fail party said on Friday.  The government looked set to collapse after Fianna Fail submitted a motion of no confidence in the deputy prime minister in violation of a three-year support agreement.  I took it from last night that Fine Gael wants a general election and is preparing for one,  Fianna Fail s Micheal Martin told state broadcaster RTE.  ",1
13960,German SPD to put any gov't role up for vote: Schulz,"BERLIN (Reuters) - Members of Germany s Social Democrats (SPD) will get to vote on any decision by the leadership of the center-left party to join a future coalition government, leader Martin Schulz said on Friday.  There is nothing automatic about the direction we are moving in,  Schulz said.  If a discussion results in us deciding to participate in any form whatsoever in the formation of a government, we will put it to a vote of party members.  Schulz made the remarks said during a brief news conference, shortly after the German president announced he would host a meeting next week with Schulz and Chancellor Angela Merkel to find a way out of a political impasse. ",1
13961,U.S. calls on Pakistan to arrest recently freed Islamist leader,"ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - A U.S. official on Friday said Washington is  deeply concerned  at the release from house arrest of a Pakistani Islamist accused of masterminding a bloody 2008 assault in the Indian city of Mumbai. Hafiz Saeed, who had been under house arrest since January, was ordered freed by a Pakistani court this week and preached on Friday at a mosque in the eastern city of Lahore. U.S. State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said Saeed s organization, Lashkar-e-Taiba, was responsible for the deaths of hundreds of civilians, including American citizens.  The Pakistani government should make sure that he is arrested and charged for his crimes,  Nauert said in a statement. ",1
13962,Kosovo war crimes court ready for first indictments: chief judge,"PRISTINA (Reuters) - A special court with international prosecutors and judges set up to tackle alleged war crimes by ethnic Albanians against Serbs during Kosovo s 1998-99 war is ready to proceed with its first indictments, its president said in an interview. The court, which could indict or call as witnesses current officials in Pristina s government, will function under Kosovo law but operate in the Netherlands to minimize the risk of witness intimidation and judicial corruption in Kosovo.  The Kosovo Specialist Chamber was set up in The Hague following U.S. and European Union pressure on the Kosovo government to confront allegations of atrocities against ethnic Serbs by Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA) guerrillas.  The KLA rose up against then-Serbian strongman President Slobodan Milosevic, eventually winning crucial NATO air support that halted the killing and expulsion of Kosovo Albanian civilians in a brutal counter-insurgency campaign. Kosovo, with a 90 percent ethnic Albanian majority, declared independence from Serbia in 2008 and has been recognized by over 110 states, but not by Serbia or Russia. The now-disbanded KLA, which counts among its former ranks much of Kosovo s current political elite, has been dogged for years by allegations that it sold organs removed from murdered Serb prisoners on the black market.  We are really fully operational,  Ekaterina Trendafilova, the Bulgarian court president, said, though she did not know when the first indictments would be filed.  Asked if anyone in Kosovo would have immunity, she said:  There is no immunity for anyone regardless of their position, and amnesty also cannot apply.   (We will be addressing) individual criminal responsibility not related to any organization, to any group or ethnicity.  Local media and analysts speculated that some of Kosovo s top officials who held commanding positions within the KLA could face indictments or be called as witnesses. A 2011 report for the Council of Europe linked leading Kosovo figures   notably President Hashim Thaci   to gruesome crimes against Serbs, including trade in organs harvested from prisoners of war. Thaci has denied any wrongdoing.   Another Hague-based court, the U.N. Criminal Tribunal for Former Yugoslavia (ICTY), will close down soon after delivering its last major verdict on Wednesday, convicting former Bosnian Serb military commander Ratko Mladic of genocide. The ICTY, which addressed crimes mainly in the former Yugoslav republics of Bosnia and Croatia, indicted 161 people in all - including Milosevic, who died in prison during his trial - and convicted 83, more than 60 of them ethnic Serbs. ",1
13963,At least 54 killed after militants target mosque in Egypt's north Sinai: state media,"CAIRO (Reuters) - At least 54 people were killed when suspected militants set off a bomb and opened fire at a mosque in Egypt s restive northern Sinai on Friday, state media and eyewitnesses said. Eyewitnesses reported ambulances ferrying casualties from the scene to nearby hospitals after the attack on Al Rawdah mosque in Bir al-Abed, west of Arish city. Another 75 people were wounded, MENA reported. President Abdel Fattah al Sisi convened an emergency security meeting soon after the attack, state television reported. Egypt s security forces are battling an Islamic State insurgency in north Sinai, where militants have killed hundreds of police and soldiers since fighting there intensified over the last three years. Militants have mostly targeted security forces in their attacks, but have also tried to expand beyond the peninsula by hitting Egyptian Christian churches and pilgrims. ",1
13964,Polish lawmakers initially approve bill changing electoral system,"WARSAW (Reuters) - Polish lawmakers from the ruling right-wing Law and Justice (PiS) party initially approved on Friday a bill changing the electoral system that the opposition denounced as threatening the fairness of elections. The bill, which would replace all current members of a body responsible for conducting and overseeing elections, will now be sent to a parliamentary committee for further works. ",1
13965,Danish High Court finds 17-year old girl guilty of planning bomb attacks against schools -local media,"COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - A 17-year-old Danish girl who offered to fight for Islamic State was found guilty on Friday of planning bomb attacks at two schools, one of them Jewish, state broadcaster DR reported. The High Court ruling upholds a ruling in the Holbaek district court in May that found the girl - who was not named - guilty of attempted terrorism. The girl was arrested at her home in January last year, when she was aged 15, and charged with planning the attacks after acquiring chemicals for making bombs.  ",1
13966,Covering Mugabe for Reuters - 'You're the one who says I'm dying?',"HARARE (Reuters) - Retired correspondent Cris Chinaka worked for Reuters in Harare from 1990 to 2015. Before that he reported on Zimbabwe for the ZIANA news agency and MOTO, a weekly newspaper. Here he reflects on a third of a century of covering  Uncle Bob . There are two images of Robert Gabriel Mugabe that jump out of my memory to illustrate the contrasting sides of the man who led Zimbabwe for 37 years. The first is of a combative and ebullient 57-year-old, dressed in an olive green military-type suit in the dying days of what was then white-run Rhodesia. Waving a clenched fist in the air, he was scolding his opponents and rallying his supporters as they marched confidently towards the birth of a new nation: Zimbabwe. The second is of a shrunken 93-year-old slumped in a cushioned seat, snoozing. His wife Grace, more than 40 years his junior, whispers in his ear while placing a colorful cowboy hat on his head as thousands of fawning ZANU-PF party faithful applauded. In the nearly four decades that separated those two episodes, Zimbabwe had, in the eyes of its critics, declined into the same state as its leader: hollowed out, impotent and for some an object of ridicule. That first image is from my first meeting with Mugabe, in February 1980, at a ZANU-PF rally in the southeastern province of Masvingo, ahead of the vote that would mark independence from  Britain. As Mugabe was ushered off the stage by his security guards, I introduced myself, shook his hand and asked for an interview. He was warm and attentive at this approach from a junior reporter and said my newspaper, the MOTO weekly, was one of his favorite publications. Aside from its nationalist editorial line, the paper may also have appealed to the Jesuit-educated Mugabe as it was published by the Catholic Church to which he belonged. Shortly after our conversation, Mugabe survived what would be one of many assassination attempts when a land mine exploded,  narrowly missed his vehicle in the motorcade heading back to the capital, Harare. I had a longer one-on-one meeting three years later in March 1983 in India, where I was on a Commonwealth scholarship studying for a postgraduate degree in journalism. Mugabe prided himself on his elephantine and encyclopedic memory, but he must have been briefed on the backgrounds of the students at the Zimbabwean mission function in Delhi. When I introduced myself, he remarked,  Oh, you are our Roman Catholic man, right?  Five years later, when I was covering an official visit to Brussels for Zimbabwe s national news agency, Mugabe s chief of protocol told him:  Your Excellency, that young Roman Catholic man is now a father.  On the return journey, Mugabe came through from the presidential section of the plane into economy class, as he frequently did on such trips, to chat with members of the delegation. This time he sat next to me. He asked about my wife and our new baby daughter. We also discussed my job and current affairs. As he got up to leave after a 30-minute conversation, Mugabe said:  You sound like an intelligent young man. Why did you go into journalism?  Was he just joking, or was this a rare insight into what Mugabe - a man who would later be accused of gagging free speech and individual rights - really thought about the news business?  YOU RE THE ONE WHO SAYS I M DYING?  Mugabe knew the name of my daughter, Tariro, and for many years he would ask after her. I sometimes thought he remembered because she was born around the same time as his own daughter, Bona. On other foreign trips around Africa and Europe, I had opportunities for discussions with Mugabe, invariably about the subject of his mission, but I always got a sense that he was only giving away glimpses of his real thoughts and feelings. Even as his years advanced and his ability to recall distant facts and figures deserted him, he retained a sense of humor - especially at suggestions that he was on his way out. In 2010, having secured an interview for Reuters, I was ushered into his office and greeted him as he sat behind his desk. In return, he remarked with a smile:  Aargh, so you are the man who has been reporting that I am dying?  The interview lasted 90 minutes, and covered everything from his health, the desperate state of the economy and the Western sanctions that his ZANU-PF government blamed for the ills that had befallen the nation. My story focused on his denial that he was suffering from cancer and featured, for the first time, a line that he would repeat many times over the following years.  Jesus died once, and resurrected only once - and poor Mugabe several times,  he said, clapping his hands in glee. ",1
13967,"Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa promises financial stability, elections next year","HARARE (Reuters) - In his inaugural address, Zimbabwe President Emmerson Mnangagwa promised on Friday that elections would be held next year as scheduled and outlined a broad vision for restoring economic and financial stability. Mnangagwa, who took over from Robert Mugabe after a military intervention, also told a packed national stadium in Harare that Zimbabwe was ready to re-engage with the outside world but said its land reform process could not be reversed. ",1
13968,Lebanon's Jumblatt criticizes Saudi over Hariri,"BEIRUT (Reuters) - Top Lebanese Druze politician Walid Jumblatt on Friday criticized the way Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri had been treated by  some Saudi circles , the first time he has appeared to direct blame at Riyadh over Hariri s resignation this month. Jumblatt also condemned Iranian  dictates , an apparent response to a statement by the commander of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards this week that disarming of the Iran-backed Lebanese group Hezbollah was out of the question. Lebanese officials say Saudi Arabia put Hariri under effective house arrest in Riyadh and forced him to declare his resignation on Nov. 4. Saudi Arabia has denied holding Hariri against his will or forcing him to resign. Hariri shelved his resignation on Wednesday after returning to Beirut this week following an intervention by France. His resignation had thrust Lebanon to the forefront of the regional tussle between the Sunni monarchy of Saudi Arabia and Shi ite Islamist Iran.  As Lebanese disapproved the unaccustomed way that Sheikh Saad was dealt with by some Saudi circles, we reject this Iranian diktat from Mohammad Ali Jafari, commander of the Revolutionary Guards,  Jumblatt wrote. He appeared to be referring to Jafari s comment that disarming the Iran-backed Lebanese group Hezbollah was out of the question.  The Lebanese have enough experience and knowledge to deal with their affairs through dialogue. We do not want dictates from across the borders that go against their interests,  Jumblatt said. Announcing his decision to suspend his resignation, Hariri stressed Lebanon must stick by its stated policy of staying out of regional conflicts, a reference to Hezbollah whose regional military role is a source of deep concern in Saudi Arabia. ",1
13969,"""The people have spoken,"" says Zimbabwe's new leader","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s new leader Emmerson Mnangagwa told a cheering crowd in Harare on Wednesday that the country was entering a new stage of democracy following Robert Mugabe s removal as president after nearly four decades in power. Mnangagwa returned to the country earlier in the day, having fled for his safety when the 93-year-old former leader sacked him as vice president two weeks ago to smooth a path to the succession for his much younger wife Grace.   The people have spoken. The voice of the people is the voice of God,  Mnangagwa told thousands of supporters gathered outside the ruling ZANU-PF party s offices in the capital.  Today we are witnessing the beginning of a new and unfolding democracy.  Zimbabwe was once one of Africa s most promising economies but suffered decades of decline as Mugabe pursued policies that included the violent seizure of white-owned commercial farms and money-printing that led to hyperinflation.  Most of its 16 million people remain poor and face currency shortages and sky-high unemployment, something Mnangagwa promised to address.   We want to grow our economy, we want peace in our country, we want jobs, jobs, jobs,  he told the crowd, adding:  The will of the people will always, always succeed.   Mnangagwa s dismissal was the trigger for the army and former political allies to move against Mugabe, feted as an independence hero when Zimbabwe broke with former colonial power Britain in 1980 but later feared as a despot. He resigned as president on Tuesday as parliament began an impeachment process, after resisting pressure to do so for a week. People danced in the streets following his downfall, some brandishing posters of Mnangagwa and army chief General Constantino Chiwenga, who led the takeover. Parliamentary speaker Jacob Mudenda said on Wednesday that Mnangagwa would be sworn in as president on Friday after being nominated by ZANU-PF to fill the vacancy left by Mugabe. The demise of Mugabe leaves Zimbabwe in a different situation to a number of other African countries where veteran leaders have been toppled in popular uprisings or through elections. The army appears to have engineered a trouble-free path to power for Mnangagwa, who was for decades a faithful lieutenant of Mugabe and member of his elite. He was also in charge of internal security when rights groups say 20,000 civilians were killed in the 1980s.  Mugabe has gone but I don t see Mnangagwa doing anything different from that old man. This is not the change I expected but let us give him time,  said security guard Edgar Mapuranga, who sat by a bank cash machine that was out of money. Restoring the country s fortunes and international standing will be a challenge. Alleged human rights abuses and flawed elections prompted many Western countries to impose sanctions in the early 2000s that further hurt the economy, even with Chinese investment to soften the blow. Staging clean elections next year will be key to winning fresh funds. Although Mnangagwa is almost certain to win any vote, German Chancellor Angela Merkel s personal representative for Africa, Guenther Nooke, said it would be a victory for Zimbabwe s  old elites  with the help of China.   He will manage to get elected using fear or many tricks, and then we ll have a succession from one tyrant to the next,  Nooke told broadcaster SWR2. China s foreign ministry said on Wednesday it respected Mugabe s decision to resign. In London, Prime Minister Theresa May said Britain wanted Zimbabwe to rejoin the international community now that Mugabe has resigned. Mnangagwa met neighboring South Africa s President Jacob Zuma before his return on Wednesday. Mugabe is one of the last of a generation of African leaders who led their countries to independence and then ruled, among them Ghana s Kwame Nkrumah, Jomo Kenyatta in Kenya, Felix Houphouet-Boigny in Ivory Coast and South Africa s Nelson Mandela. The African Union said he would be remembered  as a fearless pan-Africanist liberation fighter and the father of the independent Zimbabwean nation  and that his decision to step down would enhance his legacy.     But he also stifled democracy en route to winning a series of elections. His government is accused by the opposition and human rights groups of persecuting and killing opponents. The forced takeover of white-owned farms from around 2000 aimed to bolster his popular support but crippled foreign exchange earnings from agriculture. Mnangagwa s human rights record also stirs hostility in many Zimbabweans.  The dark past is not going to disappear. They will be following him around like a piece of chewing gum on his shoe,  International Crisis Group s southern Africa senior consultant Piers Pigou said.  For him to really be seen to be doing the right thing, he s going to have to introduce policies that fundamentally undermine the power structures of ZANU-PF, through a shift to genuine political pluralism and a decoupling of the party and state.  ",1
13970,Irish PM's party says government deal dead if opposition submits confidence motion,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The deal propping up the Irish government will be dead if opposition party Fianna Fail submits a motion of no confidence in the deputy prime minister before a 1100 deadline, Employment minister Regina Doherty said on Friday.  It had been unclear whether the ruling party considered submitting the motion sufficient to violate the terms of the three-year deal, which Prime Minister Leo Varadkar s minority government depends on to rule, or whether it would consider the deal broken only when a vote on the motion was taken. ",1
13971,"After Mugabe, African leaders ponder own fate","NAIROBI (Reuters) - Hours after Zimbabwe s Robert Mugabe was forced out after 37 years in power, Uganda s president, another former guerrilla in office for more than three decades, was tweeting about pay rises for civil servants and bright prospects for his army tank crews.  Supporters of long-serving African leaders dismiss parallels with Zimbabwe, where Mugabe s former deputy - sacked during a power struggle with Mugabe s wife - is about to take power with military and public backing. [nL8N1NS0IR] But Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni s tweets, which come amid rising anger at the 73-year-old s attempts to prolong his rule, suggest he is looking south and wondering about his own fate.  Now that the economic situation in Uganda is improving, the government will be able to look into raising of salaries of soldiers, public servants, health workers and teachers and also deal with institutional housing,  Museveni tweeted on Wednesday. It was unclear what improvement he meant. Uganda s faltering economy is growing too slowly to absorb a booming population of 37 million. The number of citizens spending less than a dollar a day has surged to 27 percent, the statistics office reported in September, up from 20 percent five years ago. Museveni s office was not immediately available for comment on the tweets, but John Baptist Nambeshe, a ruling party lawmaker who opposes the president s attempts to have an age limit on his post lifted, said there was no coincidence.  The timing couldn t have been coincidental. It was to underscore his might, that probably the military is still solidly behind him, unlike in Zimbabwe,  Nambeshe told Reuters. Museveni may not be alone. Several African leaders have faced popular opposition in recent years, from Togo, where thousands protested this autumn, to Gabon, where riots broke out last year after President Ali Bongo was re-elected in a disputed vote.  Mugabe s fall has raised hopes among opposition politicians that other long-serving leaders will fall, but also stoked fears that those who replace them may be no better. President since 1986, Museveni is among Africa s longest-serving leaders. They include Equatorial Guinea s Teodoro Obiang, president for 38 years; Cameroon s Paul Biya, president for 35 years; Congo s Denis Sassou Nguesso, president for two stints totaling 33 years. The Gnassingb  family have ruled Togo and the Bongo family have ruled Gabon for half a century, while the Kabila family have run the Democratic Republic of Congo for 20 years. Some countries allow only two presidential terms, but several have rolled back such legislation.  In Cameroon, Biya scrapped term limits and cracked down on the opposition. In Congo, Nguesso jailed an opposition leader this year for protesting against removal of term limits.  Franck Essi, secretary-general of the opposition Cameroon Peoples  Party, said opposition movements were closely watching events in Zimbabwe.  Leaders must put in place mechanisms for a democratic and peaceful transition that will allow new leadership. If not, sooner or later, the people who are suffocating will wake up,  he said.   Some places have already seen change. Burkina Faso s Blaise Compaore was ousted by protests in 2014 as he tried to change the constitution and extend his decades-long rule. In January, Gambia s erratic ruler Yahya Jammeh fled after regional pressure ended his 22-year reign. Angolan president Jose Eduardo dos Santos stepped down this year after four decades in power; his handpicked successor has pushed out some key dos Santos allies.  For many nations, a Zimbabwe-style switch in the loyalties of the armed forces or a rift in the inner circle represents one of the few ways that rulers might be forced from power. Despite Zimbabwe s well-established opposition, change didn t come until Mugabe s inner circle fell out over his succession plans, and the military put him under house arrest.  Brigitte Adjamagbo-Johnson, a top Togolese opposition official, said they had hoped for a Zimbabwean-type change of power where the military came over to their side.   We d wanted the Togolese army to fight alongside us. We were moved seeing that Zimbabwe s army and civilian population were all in the streets dancing. That s what we want in Togo,  she said.  There will be change in Zimbabwe this year and there will be in Togo too.   A slump in commodities prices has deprived some nations of the resources they have traditionally used to muffle protests. In some cases, corruption has also emptied state coffers.  In central Africa, Congo s Kabila has repeatedly postponed elections after refusing to step down at the end of his term last year, sparking deadly protests. Jean-Pierre Kambila, Kabila s deputy chief of staff, tweeted that Zimbabwe s protests were a colonial fantasy.  A fabricated demonstration dreamed up by those who do not accept the liberation of Africa. Other Mugabes will be born. Nothing to worry about,  he wrote.  Uganda, a key Western ally set to begin exporting its substantial oil reserves, removed term limits in 2005 to extend Museveni s rule.  The east African nation has seen far less violence under Museveni than the two dictators who preceded him. But now tensions are rising as social services crumble and parliamentarians attempt to remove a constitutional age cap that would bar Museveni from standing in the next election. Police have used deadly force against protesters, and repeatedly arrested the main opposition leader. Security forces dragged parliamentarians opposing the bill out of the legislature. On Wednesday, police raided a popular newspaper, detaining eight staff. [nL8N1NS3M0] [nL8N1MV20F] Okello Oryem, Uganda s state minister for foreign affairs, dismissed any parallels with Zimbabwe, saying Mugabe s overthrow was the result of Western interference.   The intelligence services of the West have worked day and night to bring down Zimbabwe,  he told Reuters.  Citizen pressure in Zimbabwe can only work if and when the army allows it.  But another Ugandan opposition leader, Asuman Basalirwa, warned that national leaders who refused to step down risked plunging their countries into conflict. Military intervention to end dictatorships ultimately leads to more repression, he said, something that many feared might be in store for Zimbabwe.   It is time for the continent to democratize,  he said.  Those who have not yet experienced what happened in Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and now Zimbabwe should just wait for their turn because it will surely come.   ",1
13972,Philippines' Duterte ditches peace process with Maoist rebels,"MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Friday he has terminated intermittent peace talks with Maoist-led rebels and would consider them  terrorists  because hostilities had continued during negotiations. Ending the nearly half-century long conflict with the communists, in which more than 40,000 people have been killed, was among Duterte s priorities when he took office in June last year. Duterte said he would consider the political arm of the Maoists a  terrorist group  and was demanding that dozens of rebel leaders he freed last year in order to restart talks turn themselves in.  I am ordering those I have released temporarily to surrender or face again punitive action,  Duterte in a speech to soldiers.  Let it not be said that I did not try to reach out to them,  he said. Duterte on Thursday signed a proclamation ending the peace talks, which started in August last year and were brokered by Norway. Talks have been intermittent since 1986.   We find it unfortunate that their members have failed to show their sincerity and commitment in pursuing genuine and meaningful peaceful negotiations,  Duterte s spokesman, Harry Roque, said in a statement late on Thursday. In May, government negotiators canceled a round of formal talks with the Maoist-led rebels in the Netherlands as the guerrillas stepped up attacks in the countryside. The rebels had no choice but to intensify guerrilla warfare in rural areas, Jose Maria Sison, chief political consultant of the National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDF), said in a statement. The NDF, the political arm of the Maoist guerrillas, said it regretted the unilateral cancellation of talks on such vital social and economic reforms. Government troops were advised to stay alert on the movements of the estimated 3,800 leftist guerrillas, said military spokesman Major-General Restituto Padilla. Government forces are also battling Islamist fighters in the south of the largely Christian country, some of whom recently occupied a town for several months in the biggest battle in the Philippines since World War Two. ",1
13973,"Mugabe granted immunity, assured of safety in Zimbabwe: sources","HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe s former president Robert Mugabe was granted immunity from prosecution and assured that his safety will be protected in his home country under a deal that led to his resignation, sources close to the negotiations said on Thursday. Mugabe, who had led Zimbabwe from independence in 1980, stepped down on Tuesday after the army seized power and the ruling party turned against him. Emmerson Mnangagwa, the former vice president sacked by Mugabe earlier this month, is set to be sworn in as president on Friday. A government source said Mugabe, who is 93 and was the world s oldest serving head of state, told negotiators he wanted to die in Zimbabwe and had no plans to live in exile.  It was very emotional for him and he was forceful about it,  said the source, who is not authorized to speak on the details of the negotiated settlement.   For him it was very important that he be guaranteed security to stay in the country...although that will not stop him from traveling abroad when he wants to or has to.  Mugabe resigned as parliament began a process to impeach him, sparking wild celebrations in the streets. His sudden fall  after 37 years in power was triggered by a battle to succeed him that pitted Mnangagwa against Mugabe s much younger wife Grace.   The outgoing president is obviously aware of the public hostility to his wife, the anger in some circles about the manner in which she conducted herself and approached ZANU-PF party politics,  a second source said.   In that regard, it became necessary to also assure him that his whole family, including the wife, would be safe and secure.  Mugabe had clung on to power for a week after the military intervened. He angered many Zimbabweans when he did not resign in a televised address on Sunday as many had anticipated. The government source said the tipping point for Mugabe was the realization that he would be impeached and ousted in an undignified way.  When the process started, he then realized he had lost the party,  the source said. Mugabe will receive a retirement package that includes a pension, housing, holiday and transport allowance, health insurance, limited air travel and security. The elderly ex-president was  rugged and drained  by events of the past week and may travel to Singapore for medical checks in the coming weeks, the source said. He had been due to leave for the Southeast Asian country in mid-November before the military put him under house arrest. Mugabe has maintained that he leads a frugal life and that he does not possess any wealth or properties outside Zimbabwe.  But last month a legal quarrel between Grace and a Belgian-based businessman over a $1.3 million diamond ring lifted a veil on the wealthy lifestyle of Mugabe and his wife, nicknamed  Gucci Grace  for her reputed dedication to shopping. In Zimbabwe, Mugabe runs a dairy business and the family has several farms while local and foreign media have reported that Grace has bought properties and luxury cars in South Africa. Addressing a cheering crowd in Harare on Wednesday night,  Mnangagwa said Zimbabwe was entering a new stage of democracy. He had returned to the country earlier in the day, having fled for his safety when Mugabe sacked him as vice president two weeks ago to smooth a path to the succession for Grace.   The people have spoken. The voice of the people is the voice of God,  Mnangagwa told thousands of supporters gathered outside the ruling ZANU-PF party s offices in the capital. On Thursday, Mnangagwa urged the country s citizens not to undertake any form of  vengeful retribution . Some of his supporters have been calling for unspecified action against the G40 group that backed Mugabe and his wife. The army appears to have engineered a trouble-free path to power for Mnangagwa, who was for decades a faithful lieutenant of Mugabe and member of his elite.  His own human rights record also stirs hostility in many Zimbabweans.  Mnangagwa was Mugabe s state security minister in the 1980s when a Korean-trained army brigade cracked down on the minority Ndebele, who supported the PF-ZAPU party of Mugabe s then-main rival Joshua Nkomo. Rights groups say up to 20,000 people died during the operation, which Mugabe later said was a moment of madness.   Mnangagwa denied responsibility in an interview with Britain s New Statesman last December. Restoring Zimbabwe s fortunes and international standing will be a challenge. Human rights abuses and flawed elections prompted many Western countries to impose sanctions in the early 2000s that further damaged the economy, even with Chinese investment to soften the blow. Staging clean elections next year will be key to winning fresh funds. In its first official comments since Mugabe resigned, the opposition Movement for Democratic Change said it was cautiously optimistic a Mnangagwa presidency would not  mimic and replicate the evil, corrupt, decadent and incompetent Mugabe regime . Zimbabwe s bourse, which had been on a rapid rise, lost $6 billion during the military intervention as its main index fell by 40 percent. Analysts say it will fall even further before recovering. Zimbabwe was once one of Africa s most promising economies but suffered decades of decline as Mugabe pursued policies that included the violent seizure of white-owned commercial farms and money-printing that led to hyperinflation.  Most of its 13 million people remain poor and face currency shortages and sky-high unemployment, something Mnangagwa promised to address.  An International Monetary Fund official said Zimbabwe s economic situation remained  very difficult  as sustainable growth is threatened by high government spending, an untenable foreign exchange regime and inadequate reforms. Immediate action is critical, Gene Leon, IMF mission chief for Zimbabwe said. Britain s Minister for Africa, meanwhile, said the former colonial power wants Zimbabwe s new rulers to place the country on a more democratic and prosperous path.  Zimbabweans suffered for too long as a result of Mugabe s ruinous rule,  Minister Rory Stewart said on arriving in Harare.  ",1
13974,"German president to hold joint talks with Merkel, Schulz next week","BERLIN (Reuters) - German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier will host a joint meeting next week between Chancellor Angela Merkel, the leader of the center-left Social Democrats (SPD) and the head of the Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU), a spokeswoman said. Merkel s Christian Democrats (CDU) and their CSU Bavarian sister party have ruled with the SPD in a  grand coalition  since 2013 and their caretaker government remains in place after an election in September.  After meeting this week with the leaders of the CDU, CSU and SPD the federal president has agreed to meet a joint meeting at Schloss Bellevue,  Steinmeier s spokeswoman said in a statement.  The meeting takes place next week. The exact date will be communicated at a later time.     ",1
13975,Conditions not yet in place for safe Rohingya returns: UNHCR,"GENEVA (Reuters) - Conditions in Myanmar s northern Rakhine state  are not in place to enable safe and sustainable returns  of more than 600,000 Rohingya refugees who fled violence to Bangladesh since late August, the United Nations refugee agency UNHCR said on Friday. UNHCR said it had still not seen a repatriation agreement signed by the two countries on Thursday, but stressed that any returns by the  traumatized  group must be safe and voluntary. Spokesman Adrian Edwards told a news briefing:  It is important that international standards apply, and we are ready to help.  ",1
13976,Ireland does not need election amid crucial Brexit talks: Coveney,"BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Ireland does not need an election now that talks on the terms of Britain s exit from the European Union are entering a crucial phase on how to avoid a physical border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Friday. The Irish government was on the verge of collapse on Thursday after the party whose votes Prime Minister Leo Varadkar depends on to pass legislation said it would seek to remove the deputy prime minister in a breach of their cooperation agreement.  Ireland does not need an election right now. There is no reason why Frances Fitzgerald should be forced to resign. The issues that are under discussion are under investigation by a tribunal we all agreed to set up,  Coveney said.  The main opposition party... are risking an election at a time when there are some really, really serious issues for the government to manage in the national interests,  he said referring to Brexit negotiations.     ",1
13977,Irish foreign minister says opposition vote would bring down government,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland s government will collapse if the opposition Fianna Fail party proceeds with its plan to vote for the resignation of the Deputy Prime Minister Frances Fitzgerald on Tuesday, Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said.   If they move ahead with the motion of no confidence, then the confidence and supply (agreement) is over,  Coveney, a member of the ruling Fine Gael party, told state broadcaster RTE on Friday, referring to a three-year agreement Fianna Fail signed to support the government.   If there is no confidence and supply agreement in place ... then I don t see how we can have a government that can function,  he said.  ",1
13978,Russia says progress made towards cooperation on disputed islands,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday progress had been made on confidence-building measures related to a territorial dispute between Moscow and Tokyo. The measures focused on easing access for Japanese visitors to the disputed islands in the Pacific, known in Russia as the Kurile Islands and in Japan as the Northern Territories, and boosting economic cooperation in the islands. Lavrov was speaking after talks in Moscow with his Japanese counterpart, Taro Kono. ",1
13979,Russia and Japan agree to speed up work on economic cooperation on disputed islands,"MOSCOW (Reuters) - Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono said on Friday he agreed with his Russian counterpart to speed up work on economic cooperation on disputed islands in the Pacific, and on easing travel restrictions to the islands. His Russian counterpart Sergey Lavrov said earlier after talks in Moscow with Kono that progress had been made on confidence-building measures related to the islands, known is Russia as the Kurile islands and in Japan as the Northern Territories. ",1
13980,South Africa's Zuma congratulates Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa on swearing-in,JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African President Jacob Zuma congratulated Emmerson Mnangagwa as he was sworn in as Zimbabwean president on Friday and said he hoped Mnangagwa would steer his country successfully through the transition from Robert Mugabe s rule. Zuma s comments were the first he has made in public since Mnangagwa emerged as the new leader of Zimbabwe following a military intervention against Mugabe. He made them at talks with Angolan President Joao Lourenco in South Africa s capital Pretoria. Lourenco was paying a state visit to South Africa that had been previously scheduled. The two leaders did not attend Mnangagwa s inauguration in Harare. ,1
13981,Afghan air strike kills about 20 Taliban at religious school - officials,"KABUL (Reuters) - A rocket attack on an Afghan religious school killed about 20 Taliban insurgents exchanging fire with security forces, officials said on Friday, adding that no children were among the victims. The insurgents had taken shelter at the school compound in the central eastern province of Wardak, 35 km (20 miles) southwest of the capital, Kabul, when the air strike hit late on Wednesday, the officials said. International forces that conduct most of the air strikes across the country were not immediately available for comment. Abdul Rahman Mangal, a spokesman for the governor of Wardak, said there were no civilian casualties, adding that all the pupils had gone home before the air strike. Foreign troops have stepped up air strikes in Afghanistan in recent months as Afghan forces struggle against a resilient Taliban insurgency. The Taliban are seeking to reimpose strict Islamic law after their 2001 ouster by U.S.-led troops. ",1
13982,Newly freed Pakistani Islamist calls ex-PM Nawaz Sharif a 'traitor',"LAHORE, Pakistan (Reuters) - A newly freed Pakistani Islamist accused of masterminding a bloody 2008 assault in the Indian city of Mumbai called on Friday ousted former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif a  traitor  for seeking peace with neighbor and arch-foe India. Hafiz Saeed, who has a $10 million U.S. bounty on his head over the Mumbai attack, spoke at Friday prayers after being freed earlier in the day from 11 months of house arrest by a court that said there was no evidence to hold him. Saeed was placed under house arrest in January while Sharif was still prime minister, a move that drew praise from India, long furious at Saeed s freedom in Pakistan. A Supreme Court ruling disqualified Sharif from office in July over a corruption investigation, though his party still runs the government. Saeed, however, said Sharif deserved to be removed for his peace overtures with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.  Nawaz Sharif asks why he was ousted? I tell him he was ousted because he committed treason against Pakistan by developing friendship with Modi, killers of thousands of Muslims,  Saeed said. ",1
13983,"In western Moscow, Putin allies lose an election but cling to power","MOSCOW (Reuters) - More than 10 weeks after losing a local council election in western Moscow, Vladimir Putin s party is clinging to power there - by fair means or foul. The standoff over control of Filyovsky Park Council came to a head when opposition councilor Vadim Korovin tried to sit in the chairman s seat at a meeting on Tuesday. A councilor from the Russian president s United Russia cut his microphone cable and then body-checked him as he tried to reach the seat.      This is a violent occupation and seizure of power!  Korovin protested to the United Russia representative, Dmitry Prokhorov, who pushed him from his way as a policeman stepped in to prevent a fight. All four United Russia members on the council then walked out. Soon afterwards the electricity in the building, and all the lights, went off. Using flashlights of mobile phones to see, the six opposition members of the 10-seat council continued the meeting. They elected Korovin as deputy chairman and, in effect, caretaker leader, but the United Russia members later refused to recognize the vote. The battle to control the council, witnessed by a Reuters correspondent who attended Tuesday s meeting, shows how difficult some of Putin s allies find it to surrender power when confronted with the unfamiliar experience of an election defeat. Moscow is not typical of Russia, as support for Putin and his allies across the country is high. Opinion polls suggest he will easily win next year s presidential election if, as is widely expected, he runs.  But Putin, 65, is barred under the constitution from ruling for more than two consecutive terms so the question of who will succeed him, and how his allies will act when he leaves the political stage, will loom large in coming years. United Russia representatives have refused to cede power in 10 districts of Moscow where they suffered defeats in local elections on Sept. 10, according to the organizers of the opposition campaign in the Russian capital.          Dmitry Gudkov, a former lawmaker who runs what is known as the United Democrats project, said the Moscow administration, which controls the building where Tuesday s meeting was held, was in a position to play spoiling tactics.   If they want to disrupt our work they will do it,  he said. Alexander Semennikov, a United Russia deputy in the Moscow city parliament who heads a commission that deals with relations with local councils, said any decisions made by the six Kremlin opponents on the council would have  close to zero  legitimacy. He described Tuesday s events as part of a  stormy stage in the evolution of municipal institutions in Moscow,  and urged the two sides to reach an agreement to resolve the situation. A spokesman at the Moscow mayor s office referred questions to the city administration s Western region, which includes Filyovsky Park. A spokesman for the Western region declined to comment. United Russia defeated the opposition in a majority of the 125 Moscow districts where voting took place on Sept. 10 but Kremlin opponents increased their share of the vote.  Since the election, opposition councillors in some districts have been stymied by contradictory provisions in the legislation that governs how the councils are organized. The law states that a council s chair stays in the post until replaced after an election and must be elected by a two-thirds majority. It does not explain what happens if control of the council changes hands but, as in Filyovsky Park district, no party has a two-thirds majority. In Filyovsky Park, a district with 90,000 inhabitants, Tigran Mkrtchyan, a United Russia member who was appointed interim chairman in August, was among officials who lost their seat on Sept. 10. But because no side has the two-thirds majority required to  elect a new chair, Mkrtchyan, who runs a shopping mall, has continued carrying out his duties.  Official documents issued by the council since the election bear his signature, and the Moscow prosecutor s office supported Mkrtchyan s stance in October.  A document seen by Reuters said former heads of municipal districts can keep running a council until a replacement is elected, even if they have lost their own place on the council. It cited a 2003 law in support of its argument.  Tuesday s meeting, the council s second since the election,  had been intended by the opposition council member to break the impasse. But after leaving the meeting, Mkrtchyan told Reuters he would keep the position of temporary head of the council until a new leader is elected. He and his associates still appeared to be in charge on Friday. When Reuters placed a call to the council, a member of Mkrtchyan s team picked up the phone. ",1
13984,Baby banned from Japanese municipal assembly,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A baby brought into a Japanese municipal assembly chamber by his lawmaker mother was promptly ejected because his presence was against the rules, an official said on Friday, highlighting the hurdles faced by working women in Japan. Yuka Ogata, a member of the Kumamoto city assembly, brought her seven-month-old son into the chamber on Wednesday but she  was asked to take him out because of a rule limiting attendance to assembly members, city official Naoya Oshima said. Ogata tried to stay but the speaker of the assembly eventually persuaded her to take the infant out. She handed him over to a babysitter and returned.  I wanted to highlight the difficulties facing women who are trying to juggle their careers and raise children,  the 42-year-old Ogata was quoted by the Asahi Shimbun daily as saying. Ogata was not immediately available for comment. Economists say given Japan s rapidly aging population, bringing women into the workforce is essential. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has made increasing the number of women workers a key part of his economic plan, pledging, among various measures, to increase daycare for children. He told the United Nations in 2013 that he would create  a society where women can shine , but little progress has been made. Japan ranked 114 out of 144 in the World Economic Forum s 2017 Global Gender Gap report, falling 13 places since Abe took power. Abe appointed only two women to ministerial posts in a cabinet reshuffle in August, down from three and five respectively in his previous two cabinets.  Only 14 percent of Japan s lawmakers are women.  Japanese labor law has no official system in place for maternity or parental leave for politicians.  In 2000, a national lawmaker in Abe s Liberal Democratic Party took three days off from parliament to give birth, prompting the legislature to allow maternity leave for members. A total of 12 lawmakers have taken advantage of the time off, being granted up to three months of maternity leave at the most, the Mainichi Shimbun daily reported this year. ",1
13985,Japan's Osaka to snap sister city link with San Francisco over 'comfort women' statue,"TOKYO (Reuters) - The mayor of Japan s western city of Osaka plans to cut ties with U.S. sister city San Francisco after the latter accepted the donation of a  comfort women  statue from a private group there. The issue of  comfort women , as those forced to work in Japan s wartime military brothels were euphemistically known, has long embittered the ties of neighbors, such as China and South Korea, with Japan.   This is highly regrettable,  Osaka Mayor Hirofumi Yoshimura told reporters, describing Wednesday s endorsement by San Francisco Mayor Edwin Lee of a city council decision.  The relationship of trust has completely been destroyed.  Yoshimura aims to complete the procedures necessary to snap ties by the end of the year, he said in a statement on Thursday. No officials at the San Francisco mayor s office were immediately available for comment.   Erecting comfort women statues in the United States and other countries is in conflict with our country s stance and extremely regrettable,  Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a regular news conference on Friday.  We plan to continue making every effort so that things like this won t happen again.  In January, Japan temporarily recalled its ambassador to South Korea over a  comfort women  statue put up near its consulate in the southern city of Busan.   In 2015, Japan and South Korea agreed the issue of  comfort women  would be  irreversibly resolved  if both sides fulfilled their obligations, including a Japanese apology and a fund to help victims.    But South Korean President Moon Jae-in has said many South Koreans did not accept the deal reached by his conservative predecessor and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. On Friday, Suga said Japan had protested to Seoul after the South Korean parliament passed a bill designating Aug. 14 as a day of commemoration for  comfort women , adding that the move risked affecting ties, Kyodo news agency reported. ",1
13986,Nepal to elect new parliament after years of instability,"KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepalis vote on Sunday to choose a new parliament and seven state assemblies hoping to end years of fickle coalitions and complete a tumultuous transition, more than a decade after the end of a civil war. The two-phase election is also expected to determine the path the country takes in balancing ties with China and India, both of whom are pushing hard to expand influence in the buffer state. Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba s centrist Nepali Congress party faces a tight battle against a left alliance between the main group of Maoist former rebels and the opposition Communist UML party. About 15.4 million eligible voters are tasked to pick a 275-member parliament - 165 through first-past-the-post and 110 through proportional representation - the first under a new constitution agreed after years of wrangling.  Simultaneously, voters will choose representatives to seven provincial assemblies for the first time after Nepal turned into a federal republic and abolished monarchy in 2008.  These elections will   firmly put the country on the path of stability and prosperity,  Deuba, the country s tenth prime minister in as many years, told Reuters. Counting of votes will begin after the second round of polling on Dec 7 and complete results may not be known until the middle of December because of cumbersome counting procedures. Political analysts say that the left alliance is likely to open up the country further to Chinese investments if they were to come to power in the election. Already, the UML has said it would hand back the country s biggest hydro-electric project to China after the Deuba-government, seen as more pro-India, canceled the deal citing lapses in the contract.  Our government will revoke the decision after the election,  UML general secretary Ishwar Pokharel said, adding there was nothing wrong in the $2.5 billion deal with China Gezhouba Group Corporation to build a 1,200 megawatt plant. Soon after the cancellation of the deal, the chairman of Indian state-run power company NHPC Ltd said it could bid for the project, underlining Delhi s attempts to claw back ground in a country which it has long considered its backyard.  The performance of the two largest communist parties in the elections could determine the course of Chinese investment in infrastructure projects in Nepal,  said Guna Raj Luintel, editor of the Nagarik daily. In March, Nepal received letters of intent worth $8.4 billion from Chinese investors compared with $300 million received from Indian delegates at an investment summit, officials said. Deuba s Nepali Congress has struck a loose-knit alliance with ethnic Madhesi minority groups who live in the southern plains and have long complained of being sidelined by the Kathmandu-based main political parties.   Madhesis account for one third of Nepal s 28 million people and Deuba has promised to amend the constitution to address their grievances if the alliance won the election. Aid and tourism dependent Nepal, recovering from a devastating earthquake that killed 9,000 people in 2015, is among the world s poorest.  The economy, which saw zero growth last year due to instability and the earthquake, is expected to expand by 6.9 percent this year because of improved power supply and agricultural production, officials said.  ",1
13987,Border without doctors? South Koreans urge more funding for trauma care after defector drama,"SEOUL (Reuters) - A defector s treatment for critical injuries suffered during a dramatic dash from North Korea has highlighted a shortage of South Korean trauma doctors and again underscored Seoul s lack of preparedness in the event of hostilities with Pyongyang. The defector, identified only by his family name of Oh, was shot at least four times by his former comrades during his daring escape into South Korea last week. American military helicopters flew the wounded soldier not to one of the many hospitals in Seoul, closer to the border, but to the Ajou University trauma center an hour south of the capital. The center, and its lead surgeon John Cook-Jong Lee, have been thrust into the spotlight amid a push for more trauma facilities and specialist doctors in a country still technically at war and where preventable trauma death rates are already amongst the highest in the OECD.      An official at South Korea s Ministry of Health said more than 30 percent of people who suffered fatal trauma injuries last year could have survived if they had access to proper, timely treatment. That s far higher than the 10 to 15 percent in places such as the United States and Japan.  Although 133 surgeons are currently entitled to perform trauma surgery, I highly doubt that all of them can actually perform,  said Park Chan-yong, general affairs manager of the Korean Society of Traumatology.  Many of them just gained the rights, but never had practiced this kind of surgery.  By Friday, attention sparked by the defector s case had prompted nearly 200,000 South Koreans to join a petition asking the presidential Blue House to boost funding for Lee s trauma center, one of just nine in the country. During increased tensions this year with heavily armed North Korea, Seoul has faced criticism over a lack of preparation for major emergencies, with many bomb shelters, for example, laying forgotten and unstocked with food or water.  The government has launched programs to raise awareness, but public emergency drills often fail to attract much response. Despite the apparent need for specialists, Lee said he has faced  ignorance,  including from some doctors who complained he was showing off with new techniques, since returning from training in the United States in 2003.  I had to explain whenever I met new doctors here, what a trauma surgeon was. Every day,  he said.  Often, trauma medicine is not seen as attractive or lucrative as other fields, said Park.  Residents and medical students avoid coming to traumatology, because there is no hope and no dream.   The South Korean government says it recognizes the problem, and in 2014 set a goal of lowering its rate of preventable trauma fatalities to levels closer to those of other OECD countries by 2020. But with a shortage of funding, only half of a planned 17 regional trauma centers have been built so far, a health ministry official said. Germany, for example, has less than twice the population of South Korea, but 10 times as many operational trauma centers. South Korea s strict gun control laws also mean there are far fewer gunshot wounds like those suffered by the defector.  Between January 2012 and August 2017, 31 people were killed and 51 wounded by guns, according to the police. In comparison, in the United States, where Lee trained, more than 33,000 people die from gunshot wounds every year, according to annual averages of government data. However, the kinds of industrial accidents and car crashes commonly seen in South Korea can cause equally bad injuries, Lee said.  In South Korea, roughly speaking, more than 90 percent of trauma victims are brought to the hospital in less than an hour,  Lee said.  However, frequently, they are put in emergency rooms for a while, sometime for hours, to get proper care.  Lee has made a name for himself and the Ajou trauma center, in part by cultivating a close relationship with the American and South Korean militaries, making it an obvious choice for the defector s treatment. Lee said his fascination with the American medical evacuation crews and the techniques he learned in the United States have led him to push for a series of new additions at the trauma center, including a recently completed roof-top helipad with flashing neon messages in English for American pilots.  U.S. military air crews, however, have yet to obtain Pentagon permission to use the new helipad, Lee said. The arrival of the North Korean defector has brought Lee a new round of criticism for appearing to seek attention,  including from one lawmaker, a charge he says is unfounded. But it has also highlighted the need for more funding for his center and more trauma facilities in South Korea.  To those who get only 10, 20 minutes of sleep while working to save emergency room patients, to those who only get to go home once a week or not even that   we should not be criticizing them but rather, discuss how to resolve problems within the system,  the petition submitted to the Blue House said. ",1
13988,Ireland's Fianna Fail party says will be election if deputy PM does not resign,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ireland s second-largest party Fianna Fail, which helps prop up the government, indicated on Friday it would force an election if the country s deputy prime minister does not resign over a policing scandal.  Asked in an interview with national broadcaster RTE whether the only thing that could prevent a snap general election was the resignation of Deputy Prime Minister Frances Fitzgerald, senior Fianna Fail member Dara Calleary said:  I think so.  ",1
13989,Looming national security laws raise fresh fears for Hong Kong's freedoms,"HONG KONG (Reuters) - Amid calls from Hong Kong s pro-Beijing elite for sweeping new national security laws, government advisers and lawyers say the legislation is likely to be tougher than proposals shelved 14 years ago, raising fears about the city s cherished freedoms. Those demanding urgency for the long-delayed Article 23 are using a fledgling independence movement in the former British colony as justification   even though the independence debate would have been allowed when Article 23 was first proposed in 2003. Lawyers, diplomats and activists fear the new pressure could lead to legal  overkill  in an open city already struggling with increased interference from Beijing s Communist Party rulers.  We can see an intolerance from the central authorities over any kind of independence discussion,  said Simon Young, a professor at the University of Hong Kong law school.  In this atmosphere, there is a concern that we could end up with something that criminalizes even the advocacy of independence, something that goes much further and is tougher than the previous proposals.   Kevin Yam, of Hong Kong s Progressive Lawyers Group, said it was vital to win the argument against independence by persuasion and debate, rather than a sweeping new law that curbs freedoms.  If the government goes too far, it will undoubtedly have a chilling impact on Hong Kong,  he said.  This is of great concern.  The government, in response to Reuters  questions, did not provide information on when or how it would kick-start legislation, but said it  will seek to create a favorable social environment for the community to handle this constitutional obligation ... in a positive manner.  Hong Kong, a free-wheeling global financial hub, has been ruled under a  one country, two systems  formula since Britain handed it back to China in 1997, guaranteeing freedoms not enjoyed on the mainland, including an independent judiciary and freedom of expression. Those freedoms are outlined in the Basic Law, a mini-constitution that also demands the city pass its own law covering treason, secession and subversion against Beijing. But many see Beijing increasingly involved in Hong Kong s affairs, such as the shadowy detention in 2015 of five Hong Kong booksellers who sold gossipy material critical of Beijing, and a legal interpretation from the Chinese parliament that eventually led to the disqualification of six democratically elected lawmakers. The calls to enact Article 23 follow that pattern, they say. Previous government proposals outlawed incitement to violence but sought to protect political debate. Hundreds of thousands took to the streets to protest against Article 23 in 2003, forcing the government to shelve it. Months-long pro-democracy demonstrations in 2014 further heightened political sensitivities surrounding the legislation, and the government has not set a firm timetable to re-introduce it. But now pressure is mounting on Hong Kong to push through the laws after mainland officials expressed concerns in both public and private meetings. Senior Chinese parliamentarian Li Fei used a visit to Hong Kong last week to warn that Article 23 was a  duty that can t be shirked  while the chief of China s Liaison Office in the city also called for action.  Many risks and potential hazards that would affect or even threaten national sovereignty, security and developmental interests have not been effectively eliminated or prevented,  Liaison Office chief and Communist Party Central Committee member Wang Zhimin told pro-establishment lawmakers, according to his office s website. Chinese President Xi Jinping took what some saw as a harder line on Hong Kong s future during his visit in July to mark the 20th anniversary of the handover from the British. Challenges and threats to China s sovereignty and power, or the use of Hong Kong as a base for infiltration and sabotage, were acts that crossed  the red line  and were  absolutely impermissible , Xi said. Two members of Hong Kong s executive council - effectively the cabinet of leader Carrie Lam - have told Reuters that the 2003 bill would almost certainly have to be updated to reflect the fresh concerns. The city s independence movement, which has largely gone underground after most of its young leaders were charged for their roles in various protests, did not exist in 2003. Executive Council member Regina Ip - who pushed the previous bill as Hong Kong s then-security chief - said she could not say if the old proposals were sufficient in 2017.  We must review any proposed legislation against the evolving security situation... that is only natural,  she said. Her colleague and moderate democrat Ronny Tong said he believed, realistically, any new laws could draw the line at organized efforts to promote independence.  If the last version were to be passed, in fact it would not stop ... what is done by the students, because they are not advocating violence,  he said.  Hong Kong people are getting more and more intolerant of Beijing, and they (Chinese rulers) don t like that at all. Even short of independence, they feel that something needs to be done ... to try to make people more respectful to Beijing.    ",1
13990,"'There is justice,' Steenkamps say after Pistorius sentence doubled","JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - The family of murdered model Reeva Steenkamp welcomed the increased sentence of 13 years and five months handed down on Paralympian Oscar Pistorius on Friday and said it showed that justice could prevail in South Africa.  This is an emotional thing for them. They just feel that their trust in the justice system has been confirmed this morning,  Tania Koen, a spokeswoman for the Steenkamp family, told Reuters. ",1
13991,Debate stifled in Cambodia as crackdown spreads fear,"PHNOM PENH (Reuters) -  We speak our mind , says the website of a group of young Cambodians who have met at weekends for the past six years to discuss politics over mugs of coffee. But discussions by the Politikoffee group were postponed indefinitely by the organizers after the main opposition party was dissolved last week at the request of authoritarian Prime Minister Hun Sen s government. For participants, the suspension of their meetings because of the difficult environment was just one more sign of debate being shut down in what has been one of Southeast Asia s most open societies.  People are sensitive in talking about politics or talking about what the government is doing right now,  said Noan Sereiboth, 28, a researcher for health projects who was a regular attendee at the Politikoffee gatherings.  Sometimes people s parents tell them not to talk about politics to stay safe,  he said. The arrest of opposition leader Kem Sokha for alleged treason in September and the ban on his party have eliminated the main obstacles to Hun Sen extending more than three decades in power in a general election next year. But the crackdown by the government has been felt much deeper: to once vocal civil society groups nurtured by Western donors, to independent media and to anyone posting subversive comment on social media.  Local NGOs have been paralyzed and scattered,  said Naly Pilorge of the Licadho human rights group, which has a long record of reporting on detentions and land seizures.  People say space is shrinking. It s not shrinking, it s closed,  she told Reuters at her office in Phnom Penh. Three other groups declined to comment or did not respond to requests for official comment. It was not lost on the groups that their names featured as associates of the opposition during testimony at the Supreme Court on banning the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), which was accused of plotting a revolution with American help. The opposition says there was never a plot, dismissing accusations as a ploy to eliminate Hun Sen s rival. The government said nobody had reason to fear in a country that has been transformed since the devastation wrought by the Khmer Rouge genocide in the 1970s.      Everyone has full freedom of expression in every way,  said Huy Vannak, undersecretary of state at the Interior Ministry.  We have long graduated from fear.  Civil rights groups and other non-governmental organizations flourished in Cambodia with the help of Western countries that hoped to build a liberal democracy after the first multiparty elections in 1993. That brought a more open environment than in neighboring countries such as communist Vietnam and Laos or military-ruled Thailand, with its harsh sentences for criticizing the monarchy. But Western donors lack the weight they one had in Cambodia and Hun Sen has brushed of their criticism of the crackdown. China is now the biggest aid giver. Since the ban on the CNRP, it has voiced support for Cambodia in the name of protecting political stability and economic development. Politikoffee, which gets speakers from all sides for its debates, said that postponing its recent events because of the difficult environment did not mean it was giving up.  We hope we can weather the dramatically changing political order,  team leader Aun Chhengpor told Reuters.  The forum will be back in place soon.  Although the debates among a few dozen participants cost little to organize, Politikoffee uses space provided by the Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung, a German pro-democracy group which said it had no say over the group s discussions. The political troubles are not evident in the daily bustle of Phnom Penh, capital of a country of 16 million people which has recorded economic growth of around seven percent for the past six years. But few wish to speak about politics.  We must just keep quiet and let it pass,  said Chrock Soth, 46, who just about makes a living selling bananas from his bicycle on the outskirts of the city. In an informal survey of more than 30 people in and around Phnom Penh, traditionally a stronghold of the opposition, roughly half declined to comment on the situation or said they did not care about politics. The rest were unhappy, but said they could do nothing.  Youths care about politics,  Noan Sereiboth said.  But in the current situation they can t do anything except watch.  ",1
13992,Turkey to detain 79 former teachers in post-coup probe: Anadolu,"ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish authorities issued detention warrants on Friday for 79 former teachers, the state-run Anadolu news agency said, as part of a widening crackdown since last year s failed coup attempt. The teachers were formerly employed at schools allegedly linked to the U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused by Ankara of orchestrating last July s abortive putsch, Anadolu said. The schools were shut down after the coup attempt. Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999, denies involvement. Anadolu said security forces were carrying out operations to capture the suspects in Ankara, where thousands of teachers from across the country arrived to visit the mausoleum of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, founder of modern Turkey, to celebrate the national teachers  day. Since the abortive coup, more than 50,000 people have been jailed pending trial over alleged links to Gulen, while some  150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the military, public and private sectors. Rights groups and some of Turkey s Western allies have voiced concern about the crackdown, fearing the government is using the coup as a pretext to quash dissent. The government says only such a purge could neutralize the threat represented by Gulen s network, which it says deeply infiltrated institutions such as the army, schools and courts. ",1
13993,Suicide attack kills a top Pakistani police officer: official,"PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - A suicide bomber on a motorcycle killed a top Pakistani police officer and one of his guards on Friday in the city of Peshawar, police said. Additional Inspector General Ashraf Noor was leaving his home for work when the bomber rammed into his vehicle, city police chief Tahir Khan said.  Noor s vehicle was engulfed in flame, killing him on the spot, Khan said. One of his five guards died in hospital, the police chief said.  No group claimed responsibility. Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi condemned the attack.  Our resolve to eradicate the menace of terrorism can not be shaken,  he said.  Peshawar is the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province on the border with Afghanistan. Both Pakistani and foreign militants have for years operated in lawless stretches of the border region, launching attacks in both Afghanistan and Pakistan. ",1
13994,"U.S., South Korea to hold joint air force drill in early December","SEOUL (Reuters) - The air forces of South Korea and the United States are scheduled to hold a regular joint drill next month, deploying six F-22 Raptor stealth fighters in the exercise, a South Korean defense ministry official said on Friday. The drill, called Vigilant Ace, will run from Dec. 4 to 8, the official told Reuters. The F-22 stealth fighters will be joined by F-35 aircraft, a U.S. Air Force official said. The Vigilant Ace drill is held regularly by the United States and South Korea to simulate wartime defenses. About 12,000 U.S. personnel will participate with South Korean troops while 230 aircraft will be flown at eight U.S. and South Korean military installations, the U.S. Seventh Air Force said in a news statement.   U.S. Marine Corps and Navy troops will also participate, it added.  This realistic combat exercise is designed to enhance interoperability between U.S. and Republic of Korea forces and increase the combat effectiveness of both nations,  it said.  The exercise comes as North Korea continues to press forward with developing its nuclear and missile program, in defiance of global condemnation and sanctions, though it has not held tests for two months.  Pyongyang strongly protests against joint drills of this nature, which it views as aggression against the isolated state. ",1
13995,Mnangagwa told Mugabe he will be safe in Zimbabwe: state media,"HARARE (Reuters) - Incoming Zimbabwe leader Emmerson Mnangagwa assured former president Robert Mugabe he and his family would be safe in the country when the two men spoke for the first time since Mnangagwa returned home this week, state media said on Friday. The State-owned The Herald newspaper said Mugabe and Mnangagwa, who is set to be sworn in as president later on Friday, had agreed that the former leader may not attend the swearing-in ceremony because he was tired. ",1
13996,Ousted Zimbabwe finance minister hospitalized: lawyer,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Former Zimbabwean finance minister Ignatius Chombo was admitted to hospital on Friday with injuries sustained from beatings he received in military custody after the army s intervention against Robert Mugabe a week ago, his lawyer said. Lovemore Madhuku said Chombo had injuries to his hands, legs and back and was blindfolded throughout his week in custody. He was being accused of corruption and abuse of power relating to his time as local government minister more than a decade ago, Madhuku added.  It was a very brutal and draconian way of dealing with opponents,  he told Reuters. ",1
13997,Mexico ruling party leans to outside candidate to save presidency,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The threat of losing power to a fierce leftwing rival next year is tempting Mexico s ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) to enlist outside help for the first time in its nine-decade history. Corruption scandals, sluggish growth, failure to curb gang violence and persistent allegations of electoral fraud have seriously eroded the centrist party s already rocky reputation ahead of the July 2018 presidential election. That has opened the door to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, a leftist former mayor of Mexico City and twice runner-up for the presidency who has set the early pace with a relentless campaign against government corruption. The PRI s presidential hopefuls can begin registering on Dec. 3 and many officials believe Jose Antonio Meade, currently finance minister, will be chosen in a bid to detoxify its brand. A fixture in the Cabinet across two rival administrations, Meade has no formal party affiliation and has distinguished himself as a discreet and diplomatic public servant with a grasp of finance and economics matched by few in Mexico. More importantly, he has avoided the damaging scandals that have engulfed the PRI under President Enrique Pena Nieto, who cannot seek a second six-year term. Heriberto Galindo, a senior PRI politician, said Meade s probity and economic savvy make him an ideal choice at a time of nagging uncertainty for Mexico due to U.S. President Donald Trump s threats to ditch the NAFTA trade deal.  The Mexican public s main social concerns are corruption and impunity, and Jose Antonio Meade has a reputation for being honorable and honest, and he is honorable and honest,  Galindo said.  That s why I think he should be the candidate.  The PRI said on Thursday that the party s candidate would be elected by a national convention on Feb. 18. By then, the candidate may be obvious. CROSS-PARTY APPEAL Nearly a dozen PRI lawmakers, serving or former government officials consulted by Reuters said they believed Meade would most likely be chosen, pointing to his cross-party appeal. None forecast it would be the most prominent PRI contender, Interior Minister Miguel Angel Osorio Chong, who has failed to tame gang violence and was pilloried for the 2015 jail break of kingpin Joaquin  El Chapo  Guzman. Meade has been coy about whether he wants the presidency, and some PRI grandees caution the party might spring a surprise. Education Minister Aurelio Nuno, 39, Pena Nieto s former chief of staff and one of his closest allies, as well as health minister Jose Narro, are viewed as the most likely alternatives. Speculation over Meade intensified when the PRI changed its statutes in August to make it easier for outsiders to run, but Pena Nieto has sought to dispel talk of the finance minister. Polls show he would have work to do. Meade is not widely recognized by the public, and one survey this week by polling firm Buendia & Laredo put him 14 percentage points behind Lopez Obrador in a match-up with a third leading contender. However, PRI officials supportive of Meade believe he could persuade enough Mexicans opposed to Lopez Obrador to cast a so-called  voto util  (useful vote) and win. Much of that calculus, they argue, rests on Meade s ties to the center-right National Action Party (PAN), which ruled Mexico from 2000 to 2012 and has fought bitterly with Lopez Obrador. Entering government bureaucracy in the 1990s, Meade was by 2011 minister for energy, and later that year, finance. Many PAN lawmakers speak warmly of him and say that if the 2018 race became a choice between Lopez Obrador and Meade, they could back the latter. Yet the fact the PRI is considering somebody from outside its ranks shows the extent of the party s troubles, said Ernesto Cordero, a PAN senator who preceded Meade as finance minister. An October study by pollster Mitofsky showed that while the PRI slightly lagged the PAN and Lopez Obrador s MORENA party in terms of active support - backed by about 18 percent of voters - it was easily the most unpopular, rejected by over half.  In strategic terms, the PRI needs a candidate that can say his hands are clean,  Cordero said. Pena Nieto made Meade foreign minister in 2012 before he eventually returned to the finance ministry last year, making him, at 48, the most experienced Cabinet member in government. Expectations that the PRI could soon pass the torch to Meade were heightened on Wednesday when Pena Nieto s top aide, foreign minister Luis Videgaray, described the Yale-educated economist in glowing terms at an event.  Under the leadership of Jose Antonio Meade, Mexico today has a direction, stability and has clarity in its decision-making on economic policy,  Videgaray said. However, on Thursday Pena Nieto attempted to knock down the impression Videgaray s words had created.  Don t be fooled,  he told reporters.  The PRI doesn t choose its candidate on the basis of praise or applause.  ",1
13998,"Vast majority of suspects in graft probe agreeing to settle, crown prince says","DUBAI (Reuters) - The vast majority of about 200 businessmen and officials implicated in a sweeping crackdown on corruption are agreeing to settlements under which they hand over assets to the government, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman told the New York Times.  We show them all the files that we have and as soon as they see those about 95 percent agree to a settlement,  which means signing over cash or shares in their companies to the Saudi Treasury, the newspaper quoted Prince Mohammed as saying.  About 1 percent are able to prove they are clean and their case is dropped right there. About 4 percent say they are not corrupt and with their lawyers want to go to court.  Prince Mohammed repeated a previous official estimate that the government could eventually recover around $100 billion of illicit money through settlements. The government said two weeks ago that it had questioned 208 people in the crackdown and released seven without charge. Dozens of princes, senior officials and top businessmen are believed to be held in Riyadh s opulent Ritz Carlton hotel as their cases are processed. Over 2,000 Saudi bank accounts have been frozen during the probe, causing concern that the crackdown could damage the economy. But the government has insisted that the companies of detained businessmen will continue operating normally.  We have experts making sure no businesses are bankrupted in the process,  Prince Mohammed told the Times. He dismissed suggestions that the crackdown aimed to strengthen his political power as ludicrous, noting that prominent people held at the Ritz had already publicly pledged allegiance to him and his reforms.  A majority of the royal family  is behind him, Prince Mohammed said.  Under Saudi law, the public prosecutor is independent. We cannot interfere with his job   the king can dismiss him, but he is driving the process.   You have to send a signal, and the signal going forward now is,  You will not escape.  ",1
13999,Zimbabwe army hands ex-finance minister to police: relative,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Former Zimbabwe finance minister Ignatius Chombo, who was among those detained by the military in an operation against  criminals  around ousted president Robert Mugabe last week, has been handed over to the police, a relative said on Friday. The relative, who wished to remain anonymous because of safety fears, said Chombo had been severely beaten while in military custody. Police spokeswoman Charity Charamba said she had no information about Chombo. ",1
14000,Strike called in Bangladesh over power price rise on day pope arrives,"DHAKA (Reuters) - Several small opposition parties in Bangladesh have called for a half-day strike on Thursday against a power tariff increase, which could cause traffic chaos in the congested capital as Pope Francis arrives for a three-day visit. The strike will begin on Thursday morning and end in the early afternoon, after the pope is expected to land in Dhaka following a visit to neighboring Myanmar. Strikes in Bangladesh often involve street protests. The Communist Party of Bangladesh, which is leading the protest against the increase in electricity prices by an average of 5.3 percent from next month, said it had no intention of disrupting the pope s visit but the action was necessary given the  burden  on the people. But police said there would be no problem.  We will be able to control the situation during the strike and there is nothing to worry about,  said police spokeswoman Sahely Ferdous. Dhaka is one of the most densely populated cities in the world, with an average traffic speed of just 7 kph (4.3 mph), slightly faster than an average walking speed, according to the World Bank. Congestion in Dhaka eats up 3.2 million working hours per day, it says. (bit.ly/2zkYr6l) Pope Francis  visit will include a mass and meetings with a group of Rohingya Muslim refugees from Myanmar.  More than 600,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh following violence in Myanmar since late August. [nL8N1NS2HN] ",1
14001,Regional African body says ready to work closely with Zimbabwe's Mnangagwa,"JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - The Southern African Development Community (SADC), an intergovernmental organization, said on Friday that it was ready to work closely with Zimbabwe s incoming leader Emmerson Mnangagwa and his government. Mnangagwa is due to be sworn in as Zimbabwean president on Friday following the resignation of Robert Mugabe, who had ruled Zimbabwe since independence in 1980. SADC is a 16-country intergovernmental organization which is currently chaired by South Africa. ",1
14002,Five Ukrainian servicemen killed in eastern Ukraine: military,"KIEV (Reuters) - Five Ukrainian servicemen were killed when pro-Russian rebels attacked government positions mostly in the Luhansk region on Thursday, the Ukrainian military said. An almost three-year-old peace agreement has failed to stop fighting in eastern Ukraine with each side accusing the other of violating the terms of a ceasefire on a near-daily basis. The Ukrainian military said in a statement they suffered losses during an eight-hour clash near the small village of Krymske, 30 km (20 miles) west of Luhansk. The situation in the Luhansk region had escalated after a conflict between separatist factions controlling the city. ",1
14003,At least three dead as Indian passenger train derails in northern India,"MUMBAI (Reuters) - A passenger train slipped off the rails in northern India early on Friday, killing at least three people and injuring about 10, the railways ministry said. The train was on its way from Goa in western India to Patna in the east when 13 coaches derailed, the ministry said. It did not provide any reason for the accident, which occurred in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh. Television news agency ANI however quoted the Uttar Pradesh Additional Director General of police as saying that the cause of accident is most probably a fractured railway track  as per local assessment.  A medical train and a relief train had reached the accident spot, the railways said. India has seen a spate of rail accidents over the last 12 months. Earlier in August, there were three separate incidents on the world s fourth-biggest rail network injuring over 165 people and killing several others. The biggest accident so far this year was on Aug. 19 in Uttar Pradesh, which resulted in the death of 23 people and led to the suspension of three senior railways officials. A crash in Uttar Pradesh last November killed 150 people. India s ailing rail network is in the midst of a $130 billion, five-year modernization process.  In addition, the government launched a $15 billion safety overhaul in February after the surge in accidents blamed on defective tracks. But in June, Reuters reported that the overhaul was facing delays as the state steel company could not meet demand for new rails. [nL3N1JO1TU] ",1
14004,U.S. Navy halts search for three sailors lost in Philippine Sea air crash,"TOKYO (Reuters) - A U.S. Navy said it has called off a search for three sailors missing since a transport plane crashed in the Philippines Sea south of Japan on Wednesday enroute to the USS Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier.  During the course of two days, eight U.S. Navy and Japan Maritime Defence Force ships, three helicopter squadrons and maritime patrol aircraft covered nearly 1,000 square nautical miles,  the U.S. Seventh Fleet said in a press release.  Eight other people on a C-2 Greyhound were rescued shortly after the aircraft crashed and transferred to the Reagan.  The latest Navy accident in the Asia Pacific comes after two deadly incidents in the region involving U.S. warships that have raised questions about training and the pace of Navy operations in the region, prompting a Congressional hearing and the removal of a number of some senior officers. The propeller powered C-2 on Wednesday was conducting a routine flight carrying passengers and cargo from Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni in Japan to the carrier.  The mainstay transport aircraft for the U.S. carrier fleet has been in operation for more than five decades and is due to be replaced by a long-range version of the tilt-rotor Osprey aircraft. The U.S. Navy said it is investigating the cause of the crash. Japanese Minister of Defence Itsunori Onodera told reporters on Wednesday that the U.S. Navy informed him that the crash may have been a result of engine trouble. ",1
14005,Mexican ruling party to pick presidential candidate on February 18,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico s ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) said on Thursday registration for PRI contenders in the July 2018 presidential election will begin on Dec. 3, and that a national convention would pick the candidate on Feb. 18. In a statement, the PRI said the national convention would be made up of around 19,100 delegates to be chosen during the second week of December. President Enrique Pena Nieto is barred by law from seeking a second six-year term. Ruling Mexico continuously from 1929, the PRI had become a byword for corruption by the time it was voted out in 2000. Pena Nieto returned the party to power in 2012, but a slew of corruption scandals, ongoing gang violence and anemic growth have sapped the PRI s credibility in the past five years. The party faces an uphill struggle to hang on to power, and veteran leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, twice a runner-up for the presidency, has led most early polling for 2018. The run-up to the election takes place in the midst of fraught discussions between Mexico, the United States and Canada over the future of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which underpins much of the region s commerce. U.S. President Donald Trump has threatened to walk away from the accord if he cannot rework it in favor of the United States. The three nations have pledged to keep talking through March.  ",1
14006,Pope faces diplomatic dilemma in Myanmar visit,"VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Pope Francis visits Myanmar next week, a delicate trip for the world s most senior Christian to a majority Buddhist country accused by Washington of the  ethnic cleansing  of Muslim Rohingya people. He will also visit Bangladesh to where more than 600,000 people have fled from what Amnesty International called  crimes against humanity  including murder, rape torture and forcible displacement, allegations the Myanmar military denies. The trip is so delicate that some of the pope s advisors have warned him against even saying the word  Rohingya,  lest he set off a diplomatic incident that could turn the country s military and government against minority Christians. The most tense moments of the Nov. 26-Dec. 2 trip are likely to be private meetings with army head Senior General Min Aung Hlaing and, separately, civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi. Myanmar does not recognize Rohingya as citizens nor as a group with its own identity, posing a dilemma for Francis as he visits a country of 51 million people where only around 700,000 are Roman Catholics.  He risks either compromising his moral authority or putting in danger the Christians of that country,  said Father Thomas Reese, a prominent American author and analyst at Religion News Service.  I have great admiration for the pope and his abilities, but someone should have talked him out of making this trip,  he wrote. Vatican sources say some in the Holy See believe the trip was decided too hastily after full diplomatic ties were established in May during a visit by Suu Kyi, whose global esteem as a Nobel Peace Prize laureate has been tarnished by expressing doubts about the rights abuse allegations and failing to condemn the military.  Pope Francis needs to be firm on all fronts. While the violence cannot stop without the cooperation of security forces, Suu Kyi should not be given a free pass either,  said Lynn Kuok, a fellow of the Brookings Institution s Center for East Asia Policy Studies. In a late addition to his itinerary, Francis will meet Rohingya refugees on the second leg of his trip in the Bangladesi capital Dhaka. His meeting with General Min Aung Hlaing was also a late addition following negotiations with the military by Myanmar s senior churchman, Cardinal Charles Bo.  In a video message sent to Myanmar last week, Francis said he wanted the trip to lead to  reconciliation, forgiveness and peace , to further the Gospel values of  dignity for every man and woman  and encourage harmony and cooperation. The pope has already used the word Rohingya in two appeals from the Vatican this year. Asked if he would say it in Myanmar, Vatican spokesman Greg Burke said Francis was taking the advice he had been given seriously, but added:  We will find out together during the trip ... it is not a forbidden word . Senior Vatican sources said the pope will be mindful of not doing anything that could imperil Myanmar s transition to democracy.    The Pope is one of the most respected moral voices in the world today, and for that reason his visit will be significant,  said Richard Horsey, a Yangon-based analyst and former senior United Nations official in Myanmar.  But he will be conscious of the fact that popular opinion in Myanmar is firmly behind the government and against the Rohingya, and that the intervention of a Christian leader on this religiously-charged issue could inflame sentiments rather than encourage positive movement,  Horsey said. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Wednesday called the operation against the Rohingya  ethnic cleansing  and threatened targeted sanctions for  horrendous atrocities.  Amnesty International said the Rohingya and Muslims generally in Rakhine State had been subjected to  systemic social and political exclusion  for decades and accused the military of  crimes against humanity  in the last two years including murder, rape torture and forcible displacement. Myanmar s government has denied most of the claims, and the army has said its own probe found no evidence of wrongdoing by troops who say their actions were in response to militant attacks on 30 police posts and an army base.  The Vatican has little by way of carrots and sticks that can help,  said Kuok, the Brookings fellow.  That said, the pope s visit can help to raise awareness about the Rohingya community, which may then lead to indirect pressure on governments to do more about the situation there.    ",1
14007,Men found at northern Japan marina say they are from North Korea: police,"TOKYO (Reuters) - Police in northern Japan have found eight men near a boat at a seaside marina who said they were from North Korea, and appear to be fishermen whose vessel ran into trouble, rather than defectors, a police official said on Friday. The incident comes at a time of rising tension over North Korea s nuclear arms and missile programs after President Donald Trump redesignated the isolated nation a state sponsor of terrorism, allowing the United States to levy further sanctions. Japanese police took the men into custody after a resident of Yurihonjo, a city in the prefecture of Akita, told police of the presence of individuals of unknown nationality, the official, Yoshinobu Ito, told Reuters. The men, who said they were North Koreans, appear to be fishermen whose wooden boat, found nearby, had trouble and went adrift, Ito said. Police and authorities were now dealing with the matter, he added. Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga, asked if the possibility the men were spies had been ruled out, told a news conference authorities were handling the matter carefully. Japan is studying plans to cope with a possible influx of tens of thousands of North Korean evacuees should a military or other crisis break out on the peninsula, as well as how to weed out spies and terrorists among them, a domestic newspaper said. Last week, the Japan Coast Guard rescued three North Korean men on a capsized boat in the Sea of Japan, off central Japan. The men said they were fishermen and were later sent home aboard a North Korean vessel. Twelve more crew went missing. Last week a North Korean soldier dramatically defected to the South after being shot and wounded by his country s military as he made his getaway across the border in the heavily guarded Demilitarized Zone between the two countries. ",1
14008,U.N. rights team to visit Mexico after journalist murders,"MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The United Nations said on Thursday a group of experts on freedom of expression will visit Mexico at the end of November to assess the safety of journalists in the country, one of the most dangerous in the world for reporters. David Kaye, U.N. Special Rapporteur on freedom of expression, and Edison Lanza, who holds the same position at the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, will visit from Nov. 27 to Dec. 4 after an invitation by the government.  This visit is about the crisis the press is going through in Mexico, the exponential increase in violence,  said Leopoldo Maldonado, the protection and defense program officer in Mexico at Article 19, a freedom of expression advocacy group. The visit comes as Mexico s journalists live through one of the worst waves of violence in recent history, with at least 11 reporters murdered in 2017, the same number killed in 2016. Over the past 17 years, 111 journalists have been killed in Mexico, more than one third of them under the administration of President Enrique Pena Nieto. Reporters are also having to contend with other forms of intimidation. In June, activists, human-rights lawyers and journalists filed a criminal complaint after experts found that their smartphones had been infected with advanced spying software sold only to the government. The Mexican government said at the time that there was no proof it was responsible for the spying and that it condemned any attempt to violate the privacy of any person. The rights experts will travel to Mexico City and the states of Guerrero, Veracruz, Tamaulipas and Sinaloa to meet legislative, executive and judicial authorities plus journalists and representatives of civil society, the U.N. said. Reporters Without Borders ranks Mexico at 147 out of 180 countries in its World Press Freedom Index, below Venezuela, South Sudan and Bangladesh, and one place above Russia.{rsf.org/en/ranking#} ",1
14009,Syria opposition meeting in Riyadh sees no role for Assad in transition,"RIYADH/AMMAN (Reuters) - Syria s main opposition stuck by its demand on Thursday that President Bashar al-Assad play no role in an interim period under any U.N.-sponsored peace deal, despite speculation it could soften its stance because of Assad s battlefield strength. A gathering in Saudi Arabia of more than 140 participants from a broad spectrum of Syria s mainstream opposition also blasted Iran s military presence in Syria and called on Shi ite militias backed by Tehran to leave the country.  The participants stressed that this (the transition) cannot happen without the departure of Bashar al Assad and his clique at the start of the interim period,  opposition groups said in a communique at the end of the meeting. Iran-backed militias sowed  terrorism and sectarian strife  between Sunni and Shi ite Muslims, the communique said. The opposition groups met to seek a unified position ahead of U.N.-backed peace talks after two years of Russian military intervention that has helped Assad s government recapture all of Syria s main cities.   The Syrian opposition has sent a message that it is ready to enter serious direct talks over a political transition in Syria and has a unified position and a vision for the future of Syria,  Ahmad Ramadan, opposition spokesman, told Reuters. The participants elected 50 members to a High Negotiations Committee and will finalize on Friday the delegation for the next round of U.N.-sponsored talks.  We agreed with the group of components present here in Riyadh and the Cairo and Moscow platforms on the formation of one delegation to participate in direct negotiations in Geneva in a few days,  spokeswoman Basma Qadmani said. U.N. peace talks mediator Staffan de Mistura, preparing for a new round of Geneva talks, will visit Moscow on Friday, where he is expected to discuss the situation in Syria. There had been speculation that the opposition, at the meeting, could soften its demands that Kremlin ally Assad leave power before any transition. Riyad Hijab, an opposition hardliner who led the High Negotiations Committee that represented the opposition at previous rounds of negotiations, abruptly quit this week. For many years, Western and Arab countries backed the opposition demand that Assad leave office. However, since Russia joined the war on behalf of Assad s government it has become increasingly clear that Assad s opponents have no path to victory on the battlefield. Russian President Vladimir Putin has called for a congress of the Syrian government and opposition to draw up a framework for the future structure of the Syrian state, adopt a new constitution and hold elections under UN supervision.  But he has also said that any political settlement in Syria would be finalised within the Geneva peace talks process overseen by the United Nations.  The opposition has long been suspicious of the parallel diplomatic track pushed by Russia, which before the proposed Sochi congress included talks in Kazakhstan, and has insisted that political dialogue should only take place in Geneva.  The opposition communique said the participants supported a U.N. based process that would allow Syria to undergo  a radical political transition  from an  authoritarian system  to a democracy where free elections would be upheld. Negotiations should be direct and without preconditions based on past U.N. Security Council resolutions, it said. The opposition backed the restructuring of the army and security organs and preservation of state institutions, but called for the trial of those responsible for war crimes. The meeting, which included independents and Free Syrian Army military factions, also blamed the Syrian government for the lack of progress in Geneva-based talks held in the past.  The political process has not achieved its goal because of the regime s violations,  the communique said, citing the bombing of civilian areas, the siege of rebel held areas and the detention of tens of thousands of dissidents.  Syria s civil war, now in its seventh year, has killed hundreds of thousands of people and created the world s worst refugee crisis, driving more than 11 million people from their homes. ",1
14010,Irish government on verge of collapse ahead of EU Brexit summit,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The Irish government was on the verge of collapse on Thursday after the party whose votes Prime Minister Leo Varadkar depends on to pass legislation said it would seek to remove the deputy prime minister in a breach of their cooperation agreement. The crisis comes three weeks ahead of a European Union summit in which the Irish government has an effective veto on whether Britain s talks on leaving the bloc progress as it determines if EU concerns about the future of the Irish border have been met. In a row that escalated rapidly, the opposition Fianna Fail party said it would put a motion of no confidence in Deputy Prime Minister Frances Fitzgerald before parliament on Tuesday over her handling of a legal case involving a police whistleblower.  That would break the three-year  confidence and supply  agreement that allowed Varadkar s Fine Gael party to form a minority government 18 months ago. Fianna Fail initially indicated it might withdraw its threat if Fitzgerald resigned but Fine Gael members of parliament passed a unanimous motion of support in Fitzgerald at an emergency meeting on Thursday evening. Asked after Fine Gael s statement whether the country was headed for an election, a senior Fianna Fail source replied:  Straight towards one.  The source declined to be named as the party s frontbench was due to hold an emergency meeting early on Friday to decide its next move.  This is ... dangerous politically at a time when the country does not need an election,  Foreign Minister Simon Coveney of Fine Gael told national Irish broadcaster RTE, in an apparent reference to the Brexit talks he had earlier described as a  historic moment  for the island of Ireland. The border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, which will be the UK s only land frontier with the bloc after its departure, is one of three issues Brussels wants broadly solved before it decides next month on whether to move the talks onto a second phase about trade, as Britain wants. Coveney told parliament on Thursday that the government was not yet ready to allow the talks to move on to the trade issues at the Dec. 14-15 summit and needed more clarity from London. A breakdown of the government s cooperation deal, which has worked relatively smoothly up until now between two parties that differ little on policy but have been bitter foes for decades, would likely lead to an election in December or January. The Fianna Fail move comes after Fitzgerald admitted she was made aware of an attempt to discredit a police whistleblower in a 2015 email, but failed to act. Fine Gael say she adhered to due process. Since Varadkar s appointment as Fine Gael leader in May, his party has narrowly led Fianna Fail in opinion polls that suggest both parties would increase their support but still struggle to form anything but another minority government.  ",1
14011,Possible explosion detected near Argentine sub's last-known location,"MAR DEL PLATA, Argentina (Reuters) - The Argentine navy raised the possibility on Thursday that a navy submarine missing in the South Atlantic suffered an explosion, heightening concerns over the fate of the 44 crew members on the eighth day of an international search effort. A sound detected underwater by an international agency on the morning of Nov. 15, around the time the ARA San Juan sent its last signal and in the same area, was  consistent with an explosion,  navy spokesman Enrique Balbi told reporters. The sub had only a seven-day supply of oxygen, a fact that drained hope from some of the relatives of the crew who have gathered at the vessel s base in the city of Mar del Plata.  What s the point of hope if it s already over?  Itati Leguizamon, wife of one of the missing crew members, told reporters.  The navy did not have enough information to say what the cause of the explosion could have been or whether the vessel might have been attacked, Balbi said. Search-and-rescue crews were undeterred by a series of false leads that raised hope over recent days that the sub might be located. Asked during an evening news conference about the fate of the 44 sailors, Balbi said the situation was  critical .  We are not going to enter into conjecture out of respect for the families,  he added. The information about the possible explosion was received  on Thursday from the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty Organization, or CTBTO, an international body that runs a global network of listening posts designed to check for secret atomic blasts. The Vienna-based agency, which has monitoring stations equipped with devices including underwater microphones that scan the oceans for sound waves, said in a statement that two of its  stations had detected an unusual signal near where the submarine went missing. The agency was more guarded about whether that  was caused by an explosion. A huge sea and air hunt is being conducted for the San Juan, a German-built, diesel-electric powered submarine that was launched in 1983, as crew members  relatives waited anxiously for news more than a week after the vessel disappeared. The relatives had been largely optimistic until Thursday. They shed tears and insulted authorities after being briefed on the news of the possible explosion. They were told about it before the public announcement. Balbi said the news of the abnormal sound was consistent with a separate report received on Wednesday of an  acoustic anomaly  in the same area and around the same time. The San Juan was some 430 km (270 miles) off the Patagonian coast when it sent its last signal.  This is very important because it allows us to correlate and confirm the acoustic anomaly from the U.S. report yesterday,  Balbi said.  Here, we re talking about a singular, short, violent, non-nuclear event, consistent with an explosion.  In Vienna, CTBTO hydroacoustic engineer Mario Zampolli said the signal his agency had detected  could be consistent with an explosion but there is no certainty about this.  Speaking to Reuters, he agreed with Balbi s description of the signal as unusual and short, adding that the cause was non-natural. The submarine was en route from Ushuaia, the southernmost city in the world, to Mar del Plata, 400 km (250 miles) south of Buenos Aires, when it reported an electrical malfunction shortly before disappearing. Some relatives have questioned authorities for letting the crew navigate on an ageing submarine - criticism that has highlighted the armed forces  dwindling resources since the end of a military dictatorship in the 1980s.  Authorities have said the level of maintenance, not the age, was what mattered, and that the vessel was in good condition.  ",1
14012,Syrian opposition to form delegation to take part in U.N. talks,"CAIRO (Reuters) - Syrian opposition will form a 50-member delegation to participate in U.N.-sponsored talks in Geneva, the main Syrian opposition meeting in the Saudi capital Riyadh told a news conference late on Thursday.   There will be further meetings tomorrow to decide the members of the delegation and determine its working mechanism,  Basma Qadmani, a member of the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces, said.  ",1
14013,Mexican leftist Lopez Obrador leads presidential race polls," (This version of the November 22nd story corrects deadline for parties to register candidates in eleventh par) MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexican leftist presidential hopeful Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador showed leads over potential rivals in two newspaper polls published Wednesday, shortly after he unveiled key policies of his campaign platform ahead of next July s election. Lopez Obrador is almost certain to be the candidate for his National Regeneration Movement (MORENA), but other parties have yet to announce who will run for them, making accurate polling difficult.  The survey in business newspaper El Financiero showed Lopez Obrador, a former Mexico City mayor who has already vied twice for the presidency, ahead in any of ten potential candidate groupings with leads ranging from 5 to 15 percentage points.       A separate poll in national daily El Universal showed AMLO, as the politician is known locally, at the top in six candidate combinations but with smaller margins, ranging from 5 to 10 points. The 64-year-old laid out his 2018 policy platform on Monday, vowing to boost infrastructure spending without upsetting economic stability. He also published a 415-page manifesto outlining goals such as cleaning up graft with tighter financial regulations.     Lopez Obrador narrowly lost in 2006 and by a larger margin in 2012, in both cases refusing to accept results he dismissed as marred by fraud.  He previously ran a popular, moderate government as mayor of Mexico City, but rivals depict him as a dangerous firebrand and liken his policies and style to the socialist project in crisis-hit Venezuela.     Next year s election is expected to be contested by multiple candidates including independents for the first time, which will fragment the vote, a change that could favor either Lopez Obrador or the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). President Enrique Pena Nieto is barred by law from a second term. In both polls, Interior Minister Miguel Angel Osorio Chong emerges as the strongest potential candidate for the ruling party, which is considering at least four high-ranking officials.  Mexican political parties have until March to formally register candidates, but most have set a mid-December deadline to benefit from a longer campaign period.  A coalition headed by the center-right National Action Party (PAN) and center-left Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) is also contemplating several options for candidacy. El Universal conducted 1,000 face-to-face interviews between Nov. 10 and 17 nationwide, resulting in a 3.53 percent margin of error. El Financiero conducted 1,004 face-to-face interviews between Nov. 11 and 16 nationwide, and said the poll has a 3.1 percent margin of error. ",1
14014,Peru's prime minister skeptical about bill to expand anti-graft rules,"LIMA (Reuters) - The government of Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski will likely object to a bill passed by Congress that aims to expand new anti-graft restrictions to Grana y Montero and other local partners of Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ODBES.UL], the prime minister said Thursday. Odebrecht has admitted to paying millions of dollars in bribes to officials in Peru over a decade-long period, and lawmakers want the financial constraints written to keep Odebrecht from evading payment of fines for bribery to apply to the companies it partnered with. But Prime Minister Mercedes Araoz said a new bill that sailed through the opposition-ruled Congress two weeks ago threatens to paralyze construction projects and likely violates due process.  I m not a lawyer but I do think that you always have to respect the presumption of innocence,  Araoz told foreign media in the capital Lima.  There are parts of it that we would have to take issue with.  Araoz said Congress has not yet sent the bill to the executive branch for passage and that the justice and economy ministries would study it thoroughly before taking any action. The legislation would restrict international asset transfers and the right to seize  ill gotten gains  of Grana and other Odebrecht partners. However, none of Odebrecht s local partners have been convicted of any crimes and deny taking part in Odebrecht s bribes. Grana, Peru s biggest construction group and Odebrecht s most important local partner, saw its shares drop nearly 23 percent to 2.4 soles ( 0.5573) after passage of the legislation. Grana did not immediately respond to requests for comment but has criticized the bill as unconstitutional and promised to take legal action if it becomes law. Lawmakers who back the legislation have said Odebrecht s partners likely had a hand in Odebrecht s kickback schemes and that prosecutors were working too slowly in finding other guilty parties. Grana is under investigation in the attorney general s office but has not been charged with any crime and has repeatedly denied wrongdoing. Araoz added that the government is planning to ask Congress for special legislative powers to make tax collection more efficient. However, she said the changes would be minor and ruled out any changes to tax rates. ",1
14015,Search for missing Argentine submarine reaches 'critical phase',"MAR DEL PLATA, Argentina/BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - The search for an Argentine navy submarine missing in the South Atlantic for one week reached a  critical phase  on Wednesday as the 44 crew on board could be running low on oxygen, a navy spokesman said. Dozens of planes and boats were searching for the ARA San Juan, a mission that has plunged relatives of the sailors into an anguished wait for news and transfixed the South American country of 44 million people.   If the German-built submarine, in service for more than three decades, had sunk or was otherwise unable to rise to the surface since it gave its last location on Nov. 15, it would be using up the last of its seven-day oxygen supply.  We are in the critical phase...particularly with respect to oxygen,  navy spokesman Enrique Balbi told reporters.  There has been no contact with anything that could be the San Juan submarine.  Relatives of the crew members have gathered at a naval base in Mar del Plata, where the search is coordinated. Their concern grew as the hours ticked by. The craft was probably on the seabed because the mechanism to surface either failed or was not activated by a crew member, naval investigator Fernando Morales told Reuters in a telephone interview.  If the captain stayed at the bottom because he thought it was more prudent to stay at the bottom, it s one thing. But at this point we have to think that if he s at the bottom, it s because he could not emerge,  Morales said. In an evening news conference, Balbi said an unusual noise was detected on Nov. 15, near where the submarine last reported its position. He declined to say if the sound indicated an explosion or emergency on the vessel. Data on the noise were being analyzed, he added. Favorable weather allowed search boats to cover a greater area after being hampered by strong winds and waves for much of the past few days, Balbi said. Poor weather was expected to return on Thursday. Around 30 boats and planes and 4,000 people from Argentina, the United States, Britain, Chile and Brazil have joined the search for the submarine, which last transmitted its location about 480 km (300 miles) from the coast.  Planes have covered some 500,000 square km (190,000 square miles) of the ocean surface, but much of the area has not yet been scoured by the boats. Argentines have been gripped by the search, with local newspapers placing photographs on their front pages of crew members  relatives praying. The case has dominated discussion on social media in Argentina, with the hash tags  Los 44  (The 44) and (navy spokesman)  Enrique Balbi  becoming trending topics on Twitter. Comparisons were made to the most recent major rescue operation in the region, when 33 miners in northern Chile were rescued in 2010 after 69 days trapped underground. The submarine was en route from Ushuaia, the southernmost city in the world, to the coastal city of Mar del Plata, some 400 km (250 miles) south of Buenos Aires, when it reported an electrical malfunction shortly before disappearing last week. The submarine was launched in 1983 and underwent maintenance in 2008 in Argentina. The disappearance has highlighted the dwindling resources and lack of training faced by the armed forces since the end of a military dictatorship in the early 1980s. ",1
14016,Irish government on verge of collapse in spat over deputy PM,"DUBLIN (Reuters) - The Irish government was on the verge of collapse on Thursday after the party whose votes Prime Minister Leo Varadkar depends on to pass legislation appeared set to break the terms of a  confidence and supply  deal. The opposition Fianna Fail party said it would put a motion of no confidence in Deputy Prime Minister Frances Fitzgerald on Tuesday, a move that would breach the deal it agreed to support Varadkar s Fine Gael government in key votes for three years.  Fianna Fail indicated it might withdraw the motion if Fitzgerald resigned, but Foreign Minister Simon Coveney told state broadcaster RTE that Fitzgerald would not resign. The crisis comes weeks ahead of a European Union summit in which the Irish government has an effective veto on whether Britain s talks on leaving the bloc progress as it determines if EU concerns about the future of the Irish border have been met. ",1
14017,U.S. asks Venezuela for access to detained Citgo executives,"CARACAS (Reuters) - Washington has asked the government of leftist Nicolas Maduro for access to Venezuelan-American executives of U.S.-based refiner Citgo detained in Caracas this week, a State Department official said on Thursday.       Five of six Citgo [PDVSAC.UL] executives arrested on graft allegations are U.S. citizens, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday. All six men are being held in the headquarters of Venezuela s military counterintelligence department in Caracas, the country s state prosecutor said in a statement on Thursday.  Socialist Maduro has said that the United States, his ideological foe, had requested the men be freed, but he vowed on Wednesday they would be tried as  corrupt, thieving traitors  for allegedly seeking to personally profit from a financial deal that was detrimental to the nation.   The U.S. Embassy in Venezuela has asked that (Venezuelan) authorities grant consular access to all U.S. citizen detainees in Venezuela. We call on the (Venezuelan government) to do so immediately in accordance with the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations,  the State Department official said.  Relations between Caracas and Washington have long been tense. They have further soured under President Donald Trump since his administration imposed sanctions on Venezuelan officials including Maduro, and economic sanctions that have impeded the OPEC nation s access to international banks. U.S.-based Citgo Petroleum Corp (Citgo) is a Venezuelan-owned refiner and marketer of oil and petrochemical products and the arrests come amid a wider anti-corruption sweep in Venezuela s oil industry. Around 50 managers at state oil company PDVSA have been arrested since August.  Sources in the energy sector say the arrests owe more to Maduro s move to sideline rivals and increase his control of money-making companies as the country struggles in a devastating recession.  The political opposition says PDVSA is rife with corruption, and a congressional investigation concluded that at least $11 billion went  missing  between 2004 and 2014.  The legacy of socialism: To have destroyed PDVSA and the oil industry and turned it into a den of corruption and nepotism,  opposition lawmaker Jose Guerra said on Twitter.  They need to blame someone and some  gringos  are ideal,  Guerra later told Reuters.  The arrests rid Citgo of much of its top brass and have instilled fear throughout Venezuela s oil industry, snarling up decision making, sources close to PDVSA have told Reuters.  The arrests also come at a highly delicate time for Venezuela, which was declared in selective default this month after some late payments. But as Venezuela is making efforts to pay, bondholders of some of the world s highest yielding debt have so far been tolerant of the delays.   ",1
14018,Guatemala prosecutors raid Millicom offices in graft probe,"GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Guatemala s attorney general and a United Nations-backed commission against impunity in Guatemala searched the offices of Millicom International Cellular s local unit on Thursday as part of a corruption investigation. The raid comes four months after Ivan Velasquez, head of the commission, known as CICIG, said in July it would investigate Tigo, the Guatemalan affiliate of emerging markets mobile and media group Millicom, over alleged illegal campaign financing and corruption.     Tigo declined to comment on the raid. Guatemalan police arrested 17 people in July on suspicion of involvement in a corruption racket allegedly directed by the country s former communications minister, Alejandro Sinibaldi, who has been on the run since June 2016. During the probe, investigators found evidence of payments from Telecomunicaciones de Guatemala S.A. (Telgua), a subsidiary of billionaire Carlos Slim s America Movil, in Sinibaldi s account. CICIG said that the payments were made to secure the company favorable treatment in a dispute with Tigo.  America Movil said at the time it would audit the unit. In October 2015, Millicom said it had reported to U.S. and Swedish authorities  potential improper payments  on behalf of its joint-venture in Guatemala, sending its shares down.  It was not immediately clear if this was related to the current investigation.      ",1
14019,"Fair elections in Poland at risk from ruling party bill, opposition says","WARSAW (Reuters) - A bill sponsored by Poland s ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party will undermine the fairness of elections, opposition deputies said in parliament on Thursday. The proposal would introduce live web feeds from polling stations, but also replace all current members of the State Electoral Commission, a body responsible for conducting and overseeing elections, as well as all election commissioners, giving political parties more say in naming new ones. The PiS has said its bill would make voting more transparent, but critics said the real aim is to boost the electoral prospects of the party, which has been accused by the European Commission of eroding democratic standards.  This bill is a thuggish project. This is a mine placed under elections in Poland,  the head of opposition PSL party, Wladyslaw Kosiniak-Kamysz said in parliament. The socially conservative PiS, in power since late 2015, is already at loggerheads with fellow members of the European Union over its push to bring the courts and state media under more direct government control, as well as over migration. According to the 72-page long amendment that did not undergo any public consultations, seven of the nine members of the State Electoral Commission would be chosen by parliament for 9-year terms, with PiS set to directly appoint three members and the remaining parties four.  The remaining two members would be judges chosen by the head of the Constitutional Tribunal and the Supreme Administrative court.  PiS deputies have already appointed the head of the Tribunal following changes in the law that opposition parties said violated the constitution, a charge PiS denies.  The changes proposed in the bill will destabilize the election system and are a serious threat to the effective carrying out of the local elections in 2018,  the State Election Commission said in a statement last week. Head of the Commission Wojciech Hermelinski said on Thursday the amendment would also give an advantage to political parties at the expense of independent candidates. The bill would require the newly-chosen Commission to appoint nearly 400 election commissioners within 60 days of the bill coming into force, removing the requirement for the commissioners to be independent from political parties. Lawmakers are expected to initially vote on the bill early on Friday. If finally passed by the PiS-dominated parliament, the bill would still have to be signed into law by President Andrzej Duda, who could potentially veto it. ",1
14020,German Social Democrats under pressure to form grand coalition,"BERLIN (Reuters) - The leader of Germany s Social Democrats came under growing pressure on Thursday to drop his opposition to a new  grand coalition  with Angela Merkel s conservatives, with senior politicians arguing the party had a duty to promote stability. Merkel is facing the biggest political crisis of her career since efforts to forge a three-way coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and Greens collapsed last weekend. That has raised worries across Europe of a prolonged leadership vacuum in the continent s economic powerhouse. The Social Democrats (SPD) have governed in coalition under Merkel since 2013. But leader Martin Schulz said the party must heed the will of voters by going into opposition after achieving its worst result of the postwar period in the Sept. 24 election. Pressure is growing on the party to revisit his decision, either by agreeing to prop up a conservative-led minority government by not voting against it, or by forming a renewed coalition. In either case, the position of Schulz as party leader could become untenable. If changing course and teaming up with the conservatives requires a change of leadership at the SPD, that would be unlikely before a party conference on Dec. 7-9. Schulz held a lengthy meeting with President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, a former SPD lawmaker and foreign minister, on Thursday afternoon before heading to party headquarters to consult senior party members. Steinmeier is trying to help facilitate a coalition government and avoid fresh elections.  We will talk about if and how one can get a federal government in Germany,  a senior SPD member said ahead of the meeting, adding that one option on the table was to support Merkel only indirectly by not blocking a minority government. But Stephan Weil, the SPD premier of the state of Lower Saxony, one of the party s most influential figures after he defied polls by winning re-election this year, implied a full coalition would preferable to a minority government.  Minority governments are fragile constructs,  he told the RND newspaper consortium. The SPD had to chart a path between a party rank-and-file reluctant to repeat the bruising experience of a grand coalition and its democratic obligations.  Everyone understands that the stakes are high, involving the stability of an extremely important member of the European Union,  he added. Volker Kauder, leader of the conservative parliamentary group and a key ally Merkel ally, echoed the sentiment, calling for the grand coalition to be reprised.  Europe is waiting for a Germany capable of acting so that it can finally respond to the questions raised by French President (Emmanuel) Macron,  he said, referring to Macron s call for fiscal reforms to strengthen the euro zone. Germany, the world s fourth largest economy, has long been a bastion of stability in the EU, and officials in Brussels and Paris fear months of political uncertainty could harm plans to reform euro zone governance and EU defense and asylum policies. Merkel, who remains acting chancellor until a new government is agreed, has said she would prefer to work with the SPD, but if that option fails, she would favor new elections over an unstable minority government. Another election would also provide no speedy resolution. Under Germany s constitution, the president could call another election only after Merkel had lost several votes in the Bundestag   a process that could take several months. The mass-circulation Bild newspaper reported on Wednesday that 30 members of the SPD s 153-strong parliamentary group this week had questioned Schulz s preference for going into opposition during a meeting of the parliamentary party. Speaking to ZDF television on Thursday, SPD deputy leader Karl Lauterbach said his party might have to rethink its opposition to another  grand coalition , but added he was still skeptical about joining one led by Merkel. The SPD supports Macron s proposal to give the euro zone the power to spend money to protect members of the single currency bloc against external shocks. If the SPD changes tack about a  grand coalition , however, the leader of Merkel s sister party in the state of Bavaria, the Christian Social Union (CSU), said on Thursday it should not expect the conservatives to grant any significant concessions.  We can t be blackmailed,  said Horst Seehofer, who is himself fighting to hang on as CSU leader in the face of internal opposition. ",1
14021,EY says cooperating with authorities in Italy probe,"MILAN (Reuters) - Accounting firm EY said on Thursday it was cooperating with Milan magistrates in an investigation into whether one of its former employees in Italy had sold it confidential government information.   On Nov. 21 we became aware of the investigation targeting EY in Italy. We are examining it carefully and seriously and we are fully cooperating with the judiciary,  EY said in a statement, adding it was not in a position to comment further.   Italian magistrates suspect that Susanna Masi, a Treasury official and former EY employee, was paid some 220,000 euros ($260,000) between 2013-2015 in return for sensitive material, judicial sources involved in the case said on Wednesday. The sources said the confidential material included information on planned tax reforms which could have given EY   previously known as Ernst & Young   an unfair advantage over its rivals. Masi s lawyer, Giorgio Perroni, has denied any wrongdoing by his client. [nL8N1NS5SS]   ",1
14022,"Journalists detained by Uganda charged with treason, police say","KAMPALA (Reuters) - Eight managers and editors of a daily newspaper arrested this week have been charged with treason, Ugandan police said on Thursday. Police raided the Red Pepper, Uganda s leading tabloid, late on Tuesday and detained the journalists, whom they accused of publishing a false story the previous day.  The story, citing unnamed sources, alleged that Rwanda believed Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni was plotting to oust its leader, Paul Kagame.  Besides treason, the journalists were charged with  offensive communication and publication of information prejudicial to national security,  police spokesman Emilian Kayima told Reuters. Kayima couldn t say when the journalists would appear in court. Rights groups and journalists have complained of escalating harassment and intimidation of independent media by security personnel in Uganda.  We believe that this is economic sabotage aimed at occasioning the media house financial loss since all its production have been stopped,  the Human Rights Network for Journalists - Uganda (HRNJ-U), a local media rights group, said in a statement issued on Thursday. Local media, including Red Pepper, have reported this month on tensions between Uganda and neighboring Rwanda over a range of economic and security disputes. Uganda s foreign affairs ministry has dismissed the reports as rumors and insisted relations between the two countries were untroubled.  ",1
14023,Backlash among German MPs against parliamentary Twitter ban,"BERLIN (Reuters) - German lawmakers have protested after Wolfgang Schaeuble, the new president of the Bundestag, announced a ban on sending tweets from inside the parliament chamber. In a letter published in German media on Thursday, the former finance minister told lawmakers that  using devices to photograph, tweet or send messages from the plenary chamber is inappropriate to the proceedings of the Bundestag . German politicians are far behind other countries  in addressing voters via Twitter s short messaging service, and none comes close to U.S. President Donald Trump - but the measure has not gone unprotested.  This is not going to be the last word on the matter,  tweeted conservative lawmaker Dorothee B r, who with more than 64,000 followers is among the biggest Twitter stars of German politics, proving her adeptness with a winking smiley and a string of hashtags.  You can watch parliamentary sessions live, but we can t tweet from it,  tweeted her liberal colleague Frank Sitta.  Would a handwritten letter from inside be ok? It makes no sense!  It was not clear if either of those tweets had been sent from the parliament chamber. The backlash comes after an election which heard promises to address Germany s relative slowness in adopting the latest digital technologies. Politicians fear the industrial and export titan s strength risks being undermined by more nimble digital upstarts from Silicon Valley. During his decade at the finance ministry, Schaeuble earned a reputation for ruthlessly policing indebted euro zone states  budgets. Lawmakers chose him for his new job in the hope he would ably discipline a parliament that since September s national election is more fragmented than ever before. ",1
14024,"Macron tones down criticism of Poland, but concerned by its judicial reform plans","PARIS (Reuters) - French President Emmanuel Macron said on Thursday that Poland s plans to overhaul the judiciary remained a cause for concern though there were a decreasing number of subjects where the two countries did not see eye-to-eye. Frosty even under the previous French administration, bilateral relations between the two powers reached a new low in August when Macron said the Polish people deserved better leaders and he shunned Poland during an eastern Europe tour. That prompted Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo at the time to call him  arrogant  and  inexperienced . But at a joint news conference on Thursday in Paris the two leaders appeared to want to put their differences to one side, with Macron saying:  We have disagreements, which we talked about, but also points on which we share views.  Poland s ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party has been increasingly at loggerheads with the EU since coming to office in late 2015, locked in disputes with the bloc over immigration and putting courts and media under more government control.  More than two dozen rights groups signed a petition this week saying plans to overhaul Poland s judiciary would end the country s status as a democratic state based on the rule of law. When he met Szydlo on Thursday, Macron avoided overt criticism and said it was not up to him to lecture another EU country on its domestic reforms. But he added that France would follow the conclusions of the EU Commission s investigation on Poland s judicial reforms. The EU is pressing a legal case against Poland over its judicial reform plans and has suggested the country could forfeit some development funds if it refuses to change course.   We will continue to exchange views on this topic for concerns,  Macron said.  If it turns out that what is done does not comply with European treaties, we will all draw the consequences.   If agreements are found, and it turns out it does comply, or if Poland changes the ongoing reform to comply - of which I m neither the judge nor the participant - then in that case we will no longer have any problem,  he added. Szydlo said Poland respected all the principles, values and rights of the European Union.  All the ongoing reforms comply with these principles,  she said. On another issue which has caused friction - the reform of the EU s directive on posted workers - Macron and Szydlo said there was room for compromise. The issue of the so-called posted workers pits wealthier countries against poorer peers keen to preserve current rules that allow their citizens to work elsewhere in the bloc for salaries higher than they would get at home but still lower than the local labor force. Macron won the backing of a majority of EU member states in October to limit  posted work , but Poland opposed it.  The most important thing is that we sit together at the table and talk,  Szydlo said on Thursday.     ",1
14025,Libyan government says investigating migrant 'slave market' reports,"TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya s U.N.-backed government said on Thursday it was investigating reports of African migrants being sold as slaves and promised to bring the perpetrators to justice. Footage broadcast by CNN appearing to show African migrants being traded in Libya sparked an international outcry and protests in Europe and Africa.  There have been direct instructions issued to form an investigative committee so as to uncover the truth and to capture the wrongdoers, and those responsible, and put them before the judiciary,  Libyan Interior Minister Aref al-Khodja told journalists in Tripoli.  We are now currently waiting for the results of the investigations which I believe are coming to a close.  The CNN video showed what it said was an auction of men offered to Libyan buyers as farmhands and sold for $400, appearing to confirm earlier reports of the existence of markets for trading migrants in Libya. Many Libyans reacted with anger to the outcry, with some pointing to a European push to stop migrants from crossing the Mediterranean to Italy that activists say has resulted in a worsening of conditions for migrants inside Libya.    We call on local and international bodies to cooperate with the Attorney General s Office and provide any information that helps to reveal the truth,  the U.N.-backed government s presidency said in a statement.    We, in Libya, are victims of illegal migration and we are not a source for it,  it added, appealing to foreign powers to help stop flows from migrants  countries of origin and across Libya s southern borders. The U.N. Libya mission said on Wednesday it was  actively pursuing the matter with the Libyan authorities to set up transparent monitoring mechanism that safeguards migrants against horrific human rights abuses . Under pressure from Italy, the U.N.-backed government has co-opted local groups and tried to bolster Libya s coastguard to stem the record flows of migrants crossing the Mediterranean since 2014. Though sea arrivals to Italy are down almost a third this year, this week was marked by a surge in rescues after several days of bad weather, and one body was recovered, Italy s coast guard and humanitarian groups said. On Wednesday, 1,100 migrants were rescued from 11 boats, the coast guard said, and more than 200 were picked up on Thursday. ",1
14026,Three Georgian military personnel wounded in Afghanistan,"KABUL (Reuters) - Three Georgian military personnel serving with the NATO-led Resolute Support mission in Afghanistan were lightly wounded when their vehicle was attacked near an airbase north of the capital Kabul, officials said. None of their injuries was considered life-threatening, Resolute Support spokesman Capt. Tom Gresback said in an emailed statement on Thursday.  During a recent patrol south of Bagram Airfield yesterday afternoon, three Georgian service members suffered minor injuries when a motorcycle-borne IED (improvised explosive device) was detonated next to their patrol,  he said. The attack came as NATO prepares to send more troops to Afghanistan to support a new U.S. strategy aimed at breaking the stalemate with the Taliban. Georgia, one of the largest contributing nations to the 13,500-strong Resolute Support mission, has around 870 troops in Afghanistan, behind only Germany, Italy and the United States. In August, a Georgian soldier was killed and six other coalition personnel were wounded in an attack on a convoy in Qarabagh district, the area in which Wednesday s attack occurred. ",1
14027,Russia likely to reduce troops in Syria before year-end: military chief,"SOCHI, Russia (Reuters) - The size of Russia s military force in Syria is likely to be significantly reduced and a drawdown could start before the end of the year, the chief of the Russian military general staff said on Thursday. Russia s military support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, notably through air strikes, has been crucial in defeating Islamic State and Syrian opposition forces.  There is very little left to do before the completion of military objectives. Of course, a decision will be made by the supreme commander-in-chief and the deployment will be reduced,  Valery Gerasimov told reporters on the sidelines of a meeting between President Vladimir Putin and military top brass in the Black Sea resort of Sochi. Gerasimov said forces would likely be  substantially  reduced but leave Russia with two military bases, a ceasefire-monitoring center and  a number of necessary structures to support the situation which has developed  in Syria.   Putin hosted Assad in Sochi on Monday and discussed moving from military operations to a search for a political solution to Syria s conflict. [nL8N1NR0K3] On Wednesday, Putin won the backing of Turkey and Iran to host a Syrian peace conference, taking the central role in a major diplomatic push to finally end Syria s civil war, now in its seventh year. [nL8N1NS5RQ] In March last year Putin said Russia had achieved its goals in Syria and ordered the withdrawal of the  main part  of its forces. However, a U.S.-led coalition operating in Syria said that after that statement Russia s combat power was largely intact. ",1
