id,title,text,label
2525,What immigration activists want from Hillary Clinton,"Cesar Vargas — a leading immigration activist — has a message for Hillary Clinton: it's great that she's devoting one of the first speeches of her campaign to immigration, but ""that doesn't mean we're going to be starstruck.""

""We're going to look past that,"" Vargas, the director of DRM Action Coalition, said. ""Because we learned from President Obama.""

Clinton appeared in Nevada on May 5 at a roundtable with unauthorized immigrants (as Adrian Carrasquillo reported for BuzzFeed). She called for Congress to create a ""full and equal"" path to citizenship for unauthorized immigrants in the US. But she also said that if Congress didn't do that, she'd keep — and even expand — President Obama's executive actions to unilaterally let millions of unauthorized immigrants get protection from deportation and work permits.

The appearance itself shows that the campaign is working hard to woo Vargas and immigrant-rights activists like him. Being catered to this early in a Democratic primary is a sign that the party understands not just the importance of the Latino vote, but also the power the immigrant-rights movement has to motivate this key group.

There's a very good chance that Clinton's eventual opponent in the general election will oppose a path to citizenship. (Only two Republican presidential candidates have even said they want unauthorized immigrants to get legal status in the US.) But a path to citizenship isn't what advocates care about when it comes to Clinton. They see comprehensive immigration reform, with or without citizenship, as a pretty ""easy"" position for any Democratic politician to take in 2015.

the partisan battle may be over what's in an immigration-reform law — but advocates are looking for clinton to support more executive actions

Clinton has a good track record with Latino voters, with whose support she handily beat President Obama in the 2008 primary. But immigration activists believe they're far more powerful now than they were in 2008, and Hillary's record with them is another story. Even in 2014, her comments on the issue left advocates seriously concerned.

She also must contend with how those activists view Obama's legacy on immigration reform. Obama took major executive actions in 2012 and again in 2014 to protect millions of unauthorized immigrants from deportation, but the immigrant-rights movement remembers those actions as something they had to fight tooth and nail for against an often recalcitrant administration. Some Latino voters — and advocates — are not over the sting of Obama's 2008 ""promesa"" to introduce an immigration reform bill in the first year of his presidency. He failed to deliver and, at the same time, ramped up deportations.

Clinton's appeal to immigration advocates has to go beyond the safe politics of comprehensive immigration reform and take a few risks to ensure their support. Her first speech on the topic indicated that's exactly what she'll do.

In advance of the May 5 speech, Clinton political director Amanda Renteria made calls to several advocates for input — including DRM Action Coalition. As Vargas paints it, the conversation showed exactly the attitude that advocates think they're up against.

Renteria, who unsuccessfully ran for Congress in California in 2014, ""expressed frustration about why the Latino community were not turning out to vote."" For Vargas and his colleagues, that's an easy question to answer. ""The standard talking point that we have been hearing, 'We need to have comprehensive immigration reform' — those are more than decades-old talking points, and it's no longer motivating people. It's no longer inspiring people.""

In 2008, Frank Sharry, of the immigration reform group America's Voice, was ""pleasantly surprised"" to hear Clinton, Obama, and others go after each other during a primary debate ""trying to outdo each other on comprehensive immigration reform."" But the lesson advocates learned from 2008 is that a presidential candidate can't make a promise that only Congress can keep. As Clarissa Martinez of the National Council on La Raza points out, at this point ""we've had a Republican president try, and not succeed. We've had a Democratic president try.""

And frankly, advocates just don't feel it should be a big deal for a Democratic candidate to support comprehensive immigration reform, since it's traditionally (and recently) been a bipartisan issue. Advocates may be skeptical that a reformer like Jeb Bush could make it out of the Republican primary without running to the right on immigration. But the possibility's still there.

""It should be easy"" to support comprehensive reform, says Martinez. To advocates, it might be a good idea for a candidate to endorse a bipartisan policy, or a policy that majorities of Americans support. But it's not a victory for advocates themselves.

So now, candidates have to offer a plan B: what happens if Congress doesn't pass comprehensive immigration reform? The answer, of course, is executive action — like the ones President Obama took in 2012 and 2014, which would allow millions of unauthorized immigrant young adults and parents of US citizens and permanent residents to apply for protection from deportation and work permits.

But is defending Obama's actions enough? They're certainly a point of difference between Democrats and Republicans — every Republican presidential candidate has made some sort of promise to reverse the executive actions, though immigration moderates like Marco Rubio (and possibly Jeb Bush) have left the door open to waiting until immigration reform has passed through Congress to ""repeal and replace"" the immigration programs.

But advocates aren't looking for Clinton to distinguish herself from Republicans. Defending what Obama's already done is ""the minimum she could say,"" says Sharry. They're looking for her to promise them more than they've already been promised. (It doesn't particularly matter to advocates that Obama's 2014 executive actions are currently on hold in federal court; everyone in the immigration advocacy world is confident that this is just a temporary setback, and the court battle will eventually go the administration's way.)

""The reality is that these executive actions are going to be associated with President Obama,"" says Vargas. ""What's her legacy?""

Sharry puts it differently: in order to win advocates' respect, she has to show them she's willing to stick her neck out. Promising to expand executive action ""would be, to me, a sign that she's really going to lean into the issue, open herself up to more criticism, anger from the Republican ranks, in order to show the immigrant community and its allies that she's really supportive this time around,"" he says.

There's a policy basis to wanting executive action expanded. As pleased as advocates were with the 2014 executive actions, it's not like all their demands were met. For one thing, parents of deferred-action recipients, including many leading advocates (like Vargas's partner Erika Andiola), were left out. (In fact, that's exactly the group Clinton said she wanted to help next.)

Furthermore, advocates are looking for an answer to what they see as the big unanswered question of the Obama administration: if some unauthorized immigrants are ""high priorities"" for deportation because they've committed crimes or have just come to the US, and other unauthorized immigrants are ""low priorities"" who should get deferred action and work permits, what about people who fall into neither category, or both? Clinton started to answer that question in her first speech, saying that immigrants with ""deep ties and contributions to communities"" should be allowed to stay. But that doesn't fully address the issue.

It is, however, more details than even advocates were asking for. As Carrasquillo reported, DRM Action Coalition plans to release a memo this week ""detailing what it wants from presidential candidates,"" but Vargas stresses that they're having an open conversation with campaigns. ""It's more that there's a commitment that there's more to be done,"" he says, ""than the specific.""

To put it another way: President Obama spent a lot of time protesting to immigration advocates that he'd done everything in his power to protect unauthorized immigrants, and advocates spent a lot of energy getting him to reconsider. The results were the 2012 and 2014 executive actions. Advocates are hoping to skip that step — by getting Clinton to start with the assumption that there is more she could do as president.

Between today's speech about immigration and last week's speech about criminal justice, it sure looks like Clinton is using the beginning of her campaign to make it clear she knows this isn't the Democratic Party that nominated her husband in 1992.

Clinton's never exactly been a champion of immigration reform. During the 2008 campaign, she famously flip-flopped on driver's licenses for unauthorized immigrants; as a senator, she was supportive of the 2007 push for comprehensive immigration reform, but, according to Sharry, her role was limited to proposing a few ""safe"" amendments.

What really raised some red flags among advocates, though, were a pair of comments Clinton made in 2014 — when everyone assumed she was gearing up to run for president. First, she told an audience that she thought most of the children coming to the US from Central America should be sent back — a stance that was much harsher than the one the Obama administration ended up taking. Then in Iowa in September, when a member of Vargas's group asked her if she supported executive action for immigrants, she said the answer was to ""elect more Democrats"" — something that was insanely tone-deaf, given that President Obama had just delayed taking executive action until after the 2014 elections.

That seemed like a return to the way the Democratic Party viewed immigration back in 2007 — the last time Hillary Clinton was running for office. There's long been a camp among Democrats that's seen the issue as a balancing act: they should be just supportive enough to win over Latino voters, but not too supportive or else they'll turn off white voters. Sharry of America's Voice describes this thus: ""Sure, immigration's important — but not when it's inconvenient.""

Immigration advocates are convinced that Democrats have more to gain from full-throated support for protecting unauthorized immigrants than they have to lose. And after the 2012 presidential campaign, when President Obama defeated Mitt Romney largely on the strength of the Latino vote — and then the 2014 campaign, when Democrats lost Senate races in states like Colorado after Obama's delay on executive action — they feel they've made their case and deserve a seat at the big kids' table.

The May 5 speech was an indication that Clinton (or at least her campaign) agrees. She called special attention to the thousands of recent immigrant families who've been put in immigration detention — a signal to activists that she understood the problems with taking a tough approach to child and family migrants. And she couldn't have been more explicit in supporting executive action to protect immigrants if there aren't enough Democrats in Congress to pass immigration reform.

The speech does raise a totally different question — one that's only going to be answered with time: whether the Clinton campaign will treat immigration as a special interest issue or as a core part of her campaign platform. As Sharry puts it, ""Does she talk about immigration only in front of Latino audiences, or does she make it part of her stump speech?""

Part of this is about respect — a recognition that Latino voters have done a lot for Democrats in the past few cycles, and a signal that Democrats don't think that ""speaking to a general audience"" automatically means ""white voters."" But while advocates don't say this explicitly, it's also a way to prevent a repeat of President Obama in 2008 — who made it pretty easy to forget that he'd made a promise to introduce immigration reform. The more Clinton talks about the need to protect unauthorized immigrants — no matter whom she's speaking to — the more opportunities she's creating for the media and advocates to hold her accountable if she tried to ignore the issue in office.",1
1370,"Fiorina slams Clinton, calls Trump a 'Christmas present' for Dems","Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina slammed rival Hillary Clinton on Sunday, saying the Democratic front-runner has “gotten every single foreign policy challenge wrong.”

Fiorina, who appeared on ""Fox News Sunday,"" also took a shot at GOP candidate Donald Trump.

“Donald Trump is a big Christmas gift wrapped up under the tree” for the Clinton campaign.

“She desperately hopes she runs against Donald Trump,” Fiorina said. “I, however, am the lump of coal in Mrs. Clinton’s stocking and she desperately hopes she does not run against me.”

“She can beat Donald Trump,” Fiorina said. “Donald Trump cannot beat Hillary Clinton. I think it’s very clear.”

Fiorina, once a breakout star of the GOP who fought her way from the low-polling undercard debates to the primetime stage, has been having trouble in the past few weeks maintaining her momentum.

During last week's fifth Republican debate, Fiorina came under fire after she said she would bring back the “warrior class” to fight the Islamic State and claimed several high-ranking generals had left the military because they didn’t agree with President Obama’s political policies.

Gen. Jack Keane, a Fox News contributor and one of the generals she said quit, actually retired before Obama took office. Fiorina also said Gens. David Petraeus and Stanley McChrystal resigned because they disagreed with the administration; but, in fact, Petreaus’ retirement came following revelations he shared classified information with his alleged mistress and biographer while McChrystal called it quits after he was quoted criticizing Obama in a “Rolling Stone” article.

Fiorina was also pressed by host Chris Wallace about a digital ad paid for by a super PAC supporting Fiorina that links her to Margaret “Iron Lady” Thatcher, the first female prime minister of Britain.

“Mrs. Fiorina, respectfully, isn’t that a little over the top?” the anchor asked.

“Many people have commented on the comparison and I’m flattered by it, frankly,” she said. “Margaret Thatcher was a great leader for her nation at a pivotal and perilous time.”

When asked by Wallace about her stagnant poll numbers, Fiorina said she was “happy” with her position and that she is where she wants to be.

She quipped, “People make up their minds late, and if the polls at this stage and in earlier states were true we would have had President Howard Dean, President Rudy Giuliani, and by the way, we would have already had President Hillary Clinton.”",1
2534,Obama: ‘We will be as aggressive as we can’ on immigration appeal,"President Obama said Wednesday that the administration will be ""as aggressive as we can"" on a Texas judge's ruling that temporarily blocked the administration's deferred-deportation program and he will veto any potential congressional vote on whether or not his executive actions on immigration are legal.

“Unfortunately a group of Republican governors sued. They found a District Court judge who enjoined… but that’s just the first part of the process,"" Obama said at a town hall event hosted by MSNBC and Telemundo in Miami. ""This is just one federal judge. We have appealed it very aggressively. We’re going to be as aggressive as we can. In the meantime, what we said to Republicans is, ‘Instead of trying to hold hostage funding for the Department of Homeland Security, which is so important for our national security, fund that and let’s get on with passing comprehensive immigration reform.’”

Obama continued: “In the short term if Mr. McConnell, the leader of the Senate, and the speaker of the House, John Boehner, want to have vote over whether what I’m doing is legal or not they can have that vote. I will veto that vote because I’m absolutely confident it’s the right thing we do.”

Obama said that the administration was not surprised by the ruling by U.S. District Judge Andrew S. Hanen of Texas. Obama compared his immigration actions to those of George H.W. Bush, which Obama said “were not challenged by Democrats” for political reasons.  Obama said that the executive action program is on hold due to the court fight, but immigrants should be gathering their paperwork for their deportation relief applications so that they are ready to go after the legal fight is resolved.

The president said that no matter what happens, a bill on comprehensive immigration reform must pass Congress, because the changes from his executive order will only be temporary until the law is changed.

“We’ve got to pass a bill. The pressure’s got to continue to stay on Congress. The pressure’s got to continue to stay on the Republican Party that is blocking comprehensive immigration reform… For the next set of presidential candidates -- because I’m term-limited, Michelle’s happy about that -- when they start asking for votes, the first question should be, ‘Are you really going to deport 11 million people? If not, what’s your plan?’ ... We’re going to have to keep on the political process on a separate track.”

Obama met with 17 advocates at the White House, hours before the town hall in Miami. Marielena Hincapie, executive director of the National Immigration Law Center, said Obama hopes that the funding issue will be resolved soon so he can talk about possible immigration legislation with Boehner (R-Ohio) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.). Despite that, the president is concerned that ""this congress will never pass a bill that he could sign into law,"" one that addresses the nation's 11 million undocumented immigrants, she said.

However, Obama said in Miami that he  hasn't ""given up passing it when I’m president. … Don’t suddenly give up and say, ‘Oh we have to wait the next two years.’ … I’m not just going to stand still over the next two years.""

Obama highlighted parts of his executive action plan that were not part of the court order,  including refocusing border patrol agents on high-priority people, including felons, not families or people who have been in the country for years or decades. ""Felons not families,"" Obama said when announcing the actions in November.

""He really wants to lift up the parts of the executive action that haven’t got as much attention that were not enjoined by the judge,"" said Frank Sharry, founder and director of America's Voice. Advocacy groups will also start highlighting that only one portion of the executive actions is part of the ruling.

Those include refocusing border patrol agents on high-priority people, including felons, serious criminals and people who recently crossed the border, not families or people who have been in the country for years or decades.

When asked by moderator Jose Diaz-Balart about the continued number of deportations despite the new policy, Obama said it takes time for a huge government to fully change.

“Every time you have a big bureaucracy and you change policy there is going to be one or two or three instances where people apparently haven’t gotten the message. But if you talk to the head of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson, he is absolutely committed to this new prioritization. More important, I, the president of the United States, am committed. ... We’re going to be focusing on criminals; we’re going to be focusing on potential felons.”

If, for example, someone working for Immigration and Customs Enforcement doesn't follow the policy changes, ""there's going to be consequences to it,"" Obama said.

Obama said that he has used all the legal power he has to try to change the nation's immigration policies.

“Not only are we going to have to win this legal fight.. but ultimately we’re still going to pass a law through Congress. The bottom line is I’m using all the legal power invested in me in order to solve this problem,"" he said.

Attendees said advocacy groups will also stress that young people who received temporary relief under Obama's 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, are not subject to the order and can still sign up and renew their status.

""We went into the meeting and left the meeting with the same sense, that the president acted within his full, legal authority when he announced these initiatives back on Nov. 20 and there’s an agreement between us,"" Hincapie said.

The administration on Monday filed a notice of appeal and motion to stay the decision. It argued that the states do not have standing to challenge federal immigration policy. The motion for stay cited the use of ""prosecutorial discretion,"" where the government uses its discretion to decide how to best allocate resources and apply the law. While Hanen's order would halt the program nationwide, the administration argued that Texas is the ""only State whose claims of harm the Court credited,"" and if a full stay is not granted the ruling should only apply to Texas.

Johnson, the Department of Homeland Security secretary, won support Wednesday from two of his Republican predecessors – Tom Ridge and Michael Chertoff – who joined him in warning that a shutdown would hurt the department’s ability to protect the homeland.

Ridge, the department’s first secretary under President George W. Bush, acknowledged that he strongly opposed Obama’s executive orders on immigration, which triggered the funding battle. “I personally believe that the president has greatly overstepped his constitutional authority,’’ Ridge said at a news conference with Johnson and Chertoff.

But Ridge called it “wrong and folly” to express that opposition by refusing to fully fund DHS. “We would not think of not funding our soldiers,’’ he said. “These are soldiers at DHS. They wear a different uniform, but the goal and objective and mission is the same – keeping America as safe as possible.’’

Diaz-Balart pressed Obama as to why he didn't push harder for immigration in his first term.

“It wasn’t like I was sitting back not doing anything. We were moving aggressively on a whole host of issues. We wanted immigration done; we pushed for immigration to be done, but ultimately we didn’t have the votes to get immigration done. … I don’t regret having done the ACA,"" Obama said, referring to the health-care law.

Obama said that the changing demographics of the United States will ultimately resolve the issue.

""Over the long term, this is going to get solve because at some point there’s going to be a President Rodriguez or a President Shin because we’re a nation of immigrants. So what I would say to the next president is think ahead…think long-term,” Obama said.

After past contentious meetings with immigration activists, the mood was relaxed and advocates felt that they were on the same page as the administration.

""There’s been a lot of difficult meetings with the president over the years and this was not one of them,"" Sharry said. ""Lots of mutual gratitude and a clear alignment on strategy and tactics and lots of optimism that we're going to win in the courts.""",1
1009,"Donald Trump’s “days of rage”: As the GOP primary reaches its tipping point, Trump prepares for all-out war","And the results, as everyone who’s been paying even minimal attention to the Republican primary campaign so far knows by this time, means the media’s proverbial “brokered convention” may just be coming true this time. We call it the more politically correct “contested convention” because nobody likes the idea that men in the smoke-filled room will maneuver to choose a candidate behind the scenes and put him on the ticket regardless of the will of the voters. But that is exactly what is being discussed if Trump doesn’t go into the convention with enough delegates to win on the first ballot.

It’s possible that Ted Cruz will be able to wrangle enough votes to take the lead on the second ballot but since it’s unlikely to be very close, that scenario doesn’t look good either. And that’s despite the fact that he has the support of much of the hardcore conservative movement which today that would consider Ronald Reagan a liberal squish if they hadn’t been indoctrinated for 30 years into believing that he fulfilled every GOP fever dream of his time without ever having to compromise in any way. The establishment wants a “fresh face.”

If last night’s reaction by Trump to this possibility is any indication, he’s hunkering down for an epic battle. He gave no speech or “press conference” as he has done in the past. Instead his campaign issued a statement:

Donald J. Trump withstood the onslaught of the establishment yet again, Lyin’ Ted Cruz had the Governor of Wisconsin, many conservative talk radio hosts, and the entire party apparatus behind him. Not only was he propelled by the anti-Trump Super PAC’s spending countless millions of dollars on false advertising against Mr. Trump, but he was coordinating with his own Super PAC’s (which is illegal) who totally control him. Ted Cruz is worse than a puppet — he is a Trojan horse, being used by the party bosses attempting to steal the nomination from Mr. Trump. We have total confidence that Mr. Trump will go on to win in New York, where he holds a substantial lead in all the polls, and beyond. Mr. Trump is the only candidate who can secure the delegates needed to win the Republican nomination and ultimately defeat Hillary Clinton, or whomever is the Democratic nominee, in order to Make American Great Again.

Basically, Trump accused Cruz of stealing the Wisconsin primary with the illegal help of his Super PAC and the GOP establishment. It is tantamount to a declaration of war.

The Trojan Horse metaphor isn’t really on point, but the idea that certain rich donors and elected officials in the GOP are supporting Cruz for their own purposes is correct. They simply want him to block Trump so they can install a candidate more to their liking. Mitt Romney has been very upfront about that. It’s just that until recently Trump didn’t understand how the convention worked or that part of the game is working the delegates at state conventions. (He was reportedly fit to be tied when he found out and blamed his staff for failing him.)

But now that he’s up on the rules, he’s hired some experienced hands to handle these tactical details. including one of the most talented “delegate hunters” in the business, Paul Manafort. According to RealClear Politics:

You don’t have to read between the lines to see that Trump is angry. And as he is the first to tell you, he believes that when you get hit, you hit back — hard. So it was unsurprising to find out that his close friend and former campaign adviser Roger Stone, the notorious dirty trickster, has a project to benefit Trump called “StoptheSteal.org.” All the way back in February, he predicted the establishment was going to try to “steal” the election from Trump and announced that he was planning to “reach out to some of my old associates” in order to “pull together some of the best convention operatives in America today.” He said, “We have set up a fund to pay for their travel, to pay for their hotel rooms, to bring them to Cleveland to avoid the steal.”

Last week he put out a call: Go to Cleveland. Come to Cleveland. Don’t let the big steal go forward without massive protest. Peaceful, nonviolent protest. So, as they used to say, don’t wait for orders from headquarters. Ride to the sound of the guns. I don’t mean to imply violence on that. I mean: Ride to where the action will be. We have to let the Republican bosses and the kingmakers and the insiders and the lobbyists know that we’re not going to stand for the big steal. So if you are a Trump supporter, make plans now. Take a bus! Hitchhike! Carpool! Take a train! Fly, if you can afford it. We need you in Cleveland! On Monday, harking back to the 1968 Democratic convention violence,  he described his plan for the RNC as “days of rage” which “could entail protests at certain targeted hotels where delegations who are involved in the ‘big steal’ are staying.” He claims that he’s getting an excellent response. One can certainly imagine how “enraged” Trump voters will be if it looks as though they are being denied the nomination due to machinations from the political elite. As Politico reported yesterday: 96 percent of [Trump’s] supporters said the U.S. needs a powerful leader to solve its problems, 91 percent said their beliefs and values are being threatened, and 90 percent said public officials don’t care much about what everyday people think. “Trump supporters are true stand-outs,” Quinnipiac poll director Douglas Schwartz said. “They want a leader who is very different from the leader sought by other voters, explaining the mystery many see behind Trump’s support.” The Republican front-runner’s supporters even value his bombastic rhetoric. Eighty-four percent said the U.S. needs a leader who will do or say anything to fix the country’s issues, a statement just 68 percent of GOP voters overall agreed with (60 percent of Democrats disagree). The heightened concentration of Trump backers with strong feelings about being marginalized and having a bleak view of government is a consistent theme throughout the survey, as illustrated by the nine-in-10 supporters who view his campaign as a movement. One might assume Stone’s project is just another wingnut scam designed to liberate some hard-earned money from the true believers. But Stone is no joke when it comes to this sort of operation. He was an integral part of one of the most consequential “protests” in recent history: the so-called Brooks-Brothers “riot” that shut down the counting of votes in Miami, one of the important steps that led to the installation of George W. Bush as president. Last night after Cruz was declared the winner, this was announced: Newest expected hire for the Trump campaign – former NY Rep. John Sweeney Sweeney was once named one of the 20 Most Corrupt Members of Congress. But he’s most famous for something else: During the 2000 election, Sweeney allegedly helped earn his nickname from President Bush, “Congressman Kickass,” by organizing the so-called Brooks Brothers riot that disrupted the Florida elections commissioners. He was said to have led the charge on the third recount in Miami, flying in astroturfing GOP operatives and instructing them to “shut it down!” by raising a clamor and pounding on the election commission’s doors. Sweeney used the words “thugs” to describe the Florida officials involved in the recount. They’re getting the band back together. A majority of Wisconsin Republicans told the exit pollsters they thought whoever comes in with the most delegates should win, so Trump has some popular backing for that notion. But that’s a very unlikely outcome. Trump is signaling that he’s not going to go down without a full-fledged bloody battle on the floor of he convention if he comes up short. And in case anyone thinks that Stone isn’t conferring with Trump on his plans for these “days of rage,” listen to the interview Stone gave to John Heileman and Mark Halperin on the subject. You’ll notice that he uses the “Trojan Horse” metaphor too. It could be coincidence — but I doubt it.",1
4761,How Donald Trump Wins Even When He Loses,"After the past disastrous week, he can’t win. But he’s already made all of us losers, and we’ve been accessories to his crimes.

The self-imposed carnage will mean almost nothing to Trump loyalists. But with 36 days left, the clock has run out for real estate magnate and—without a meaningful field organization, and with an undisciplined, national communications apparatus—there is simply no way for him to build and grow the kind of broad-based coalition necessary to topple Hillary Clinton’s current polling lead. Between now and Election Day, the gap is too large, there are too many yards left to run the football, and the real estate developer just dipped his hands in cement.

Without question, Trump would have been the most disastrous American president of the modern era. Some very real damage, however, has already been done—to what is deemed acceptable in our discourse, to the way in which we determine the long-term viability of candidates, and to the fundamental spirit of fair play—and there is no turning back.

There is more than enough culpability to go around—including a broad swath of GOP primary voters, journalists who partook in false equivalences in the name of clicks and ratings, and even the RNC honchos who refused to deploy legal mechanisms stop him. Of course, there is also the broader society which bought into the fable of his business acumen, tuning in for his weekly reality show on NBC, and handed him a trough laden with celebrity. Together, one and all, we made him.

There will almost certainly be social and political consequences of Trump’s months-long verbal carpet bombing campaign. Notwithstanding heroic acts of journalism, the so-called balanced egalitarian approach to election coverage has been dominated and fraught with dishonest political brokers. Beyond an emboldened, more virulently bigoted strain of ethno-nationalists, win or lose, Trump and his band of surrogates have fundamentally changed the rules of fair play.

Beating out more than a dozen primary opponents while lobbing bigoted remarks at Muslims, Hispanics, and women, a promised “pivot” never came to fruition. The fact that he was not forced to suspend his campaign after making racist remarks about a federal judge says as much about us as it does about Trump. With our tacit approval, he moved on to vicious stereotypes about African Americans and refused to apologize for his attempt to delegitimize the nation’s first black president. In fact, he said we should thank him for telling the truth and forcing President Obama to produce his long-form birth certificate. Instead of issuing a mea culpa, Trump falsely blamed Clinton’s 2008 campaign team for initiating the controversy and promptly patted himself on the back for putting the issue to bed.

Except Trump never walked away from birtherism. He continued to claim the document was fraudulent and even posited that the health official who signed it might have been murdered. On two occasions, he has risen to the podium and suggested circumstances under which his opponent might be shot.

For any other candidate in any other year, just one of those things would have been enough. But Trump knows it isn’t. “She’s nasty, but I can be nastier than she ever can be,” he boasted in an interview with the Times.

He knows that he and some of his most prominent surrogates—Chris Christie, Rudy Giuliani, and Newt Gingrich—can keep blowing the whistle, changing the rules mid-play. They all but blamed Americans for paying their fair share of taxes and honoring their contractual obligations. Trump, in the words of former New York mayor Giuliani was a “genius” for using the net operating loss carry-forward deduction—an obscure loophole unavailable to most working Americans—to cure future tax debt for nearly two decades.

So what if he filed multiple bankruptcies, refused to pay small businesses after they rendered services to his companies, and cost tens of thousands of people their jobs? It was all fair and legal, according to Trump. So what if he is an admitted serial adulterer who won’t spare a breath before spitting out misogynist, hypersexualized comments about women. Everybody cheats, at least according to Giuliani, and the women deserved it, right? So what if it turns out to be true that Trump didn’t pay a dime in federal or state taxes over the span of 18 years—leaving police officers, school teachers, veterans, and others out in the wash. That makes him “smart,” right?

Once upon a time, allegations of fraud, draft dodging, flagrant philandering, and self-dealing, not to mention public verbal assaults against a litany of people, would have been immediate disqualifiers. A self-professed billionaire who paid no taxes for even one year would have been laughed off the stage. Candidates have surely dropped out over less. The torrent of bad press would’ve been enough to send any other self-respecting candidate for the hills. Within hours, the candidate and his spouse would’ve been standing tearfully before a flag draped podium proclaiming their allegiance to their country and vowing to continue the fight as private citizens for the public good.

Never in the history of American politics has a major party nominee made such a mockery of the process. But the game changed the moment GOP voters cast their lot with a one-time reality show personality with no public policy experience, little in the way of intellectual curiously, and no guiding values. It changed the moment sitting GOP members of Congress refused to call foul on some of his most egregious remarks. If you believe in nothing, nothing is truly out of bounds and, for Trump, apologies are an admission of defeat.

To the extent that Trump (and an almost laissez-faire media class) has begun to normalize various brand of racism, bigotry, and misogyny, it is truly a reflection on all of us. He needed willing participants and, unfortunately, he found them. Not only among the alt-right and white supremacists; he also found them in the halls of cable news networks with people incapable or unwilling to challenge his nonsensical rants and stop booking surrogates who flat out lie.",1
1568,Donald Trump is reinventing the GOP in his image: The secret Republican memo that admits what already should have been obvious,"When Donald Trump descended from that escalator to announce his presidential run nearly six months ago you probably couldn’t have found more than three people in the whole country who thought he had a chance.  It was even reported at the time that he had paid actors at fifty bucks a head  to enthusiastically cheer and clap for his bizarre announcement speech, in which he declared his intention to build a big beautiful wall to keep out all the  immigrant rapists. It seemed like a joke or some kind of political performance art. Everyone settled in to enjoy the show, never dreaming that anyone would take him seriously.

But over the course of the last half year he’s stayed at the top of polls and, even more astonishingly, gotten away with saying things that no other political figure could have ever gotten away with. With each gaffe, insult, mistake, faux pas, slander and cheap shot, his followers become even more loyal.

The latest polling average by the Huffington Post pollster has Trump at 34.4 percent with Rubio at 14.6 percent, Carson at 13.9 percent and Cruz at 13.4 percent. He’s not going down. He’s going up. And now that the primary season is in full effect, everyone’s starting to wonder whether he might actually win.

There have been a flurry of recent articles reporting that  big GOP donors starting to get nervous, particularly since their designated candidate, Jeb Bush, sank in the polls a few months ago and hasn’t been able to climb back up. But they are stumped about what to do about him. On the one hand they’re sure he’s going to implode and on the other worried that any money they spend trying to take him down will be wasted.

This article in last week’s Washington Post by Matea Gold and Robert Costa is filled with colorful anecdotes and quotes from various consultants, advisors and party poohbahs wringing their hands and clutching their pearls over the problem. But the best are the big money donors who are convinced that the voters will see the light and all will be well:

“He is going to implode himself,” said Frank VanderSloot, the chief executive of an Idaho nutritional-supplement company who is backing Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.). He said he recently turned down a funding request from a group seeking to run anti-Trump ads. “It’s just going to take a little time for people to take a step back and look at his track record, see who he is and how he’s changed his positions and how unprepared he is to be president of the United States,” VanderSloot said.

Their faith is rather charmingly naive. They don’t seem to realize that the voters who are flocking to Trump hate people like them and have no respect for anything they believe. It’s not the money, of course. The fact that Trump is a billionaire is one of the things they love about him. He’s a winner. What they hate is the fact that these elites don’t think Trump is qualified. His lack of political experience is irrelevant.

He says out loud what they are thinking and he does it without any self-awareness or sense that there’s anything wrong with it. He validates their rage. The large field has all the Super PACs tying themselves in knots trying to game out the ramifications of taking on Trump, worried that it will end up benefiting one of their rivals. John Kasich’s Super PAC decided to take the plunge and was greeted with a threat of a lawsuit from Trump’s lawyer: Fred Davis, the GOP admaker crafting the super PAC’s spots, said the missive is an example of why more donors are not stepping forward to take on Trump. “I think the reason people are hesitant is that he’s a bully,” he said. Trump and his followers were undoubtedly thrilled with that admission. So the campaigns, the big donors and the Super PACs have been pretty much paralyzed by the Trump phenomenon. At this point they are just hoping he’ll implode and they can run the campaign they always planned to run. But others in the party, those with concerns beyond the presidential election are starting to do some serious analysis and strategizing around Trump. Yesterday, Robert Costa and Philip Rucker reported that the head of the National Republican Senatorial Committee wrote a seven page confidential memo that “urges candidates to adopt many of Trump’s tactics, issues and approaches — right down to adjusting the way they dress and how they use Twitter.” If you can’t beat him, join him. The NRSC is obviously right to be concerned about Trump. But most would assume this concern stems from the possibility that his brand of politics could lead to the party being decimated down ticket if he should get the nomination. But this takes a different tack altogether. NRSC Executive Director Ward Baker is telling his Senate candidates that Trump is on to something and they should try to emulate him. Many people have pointed out that the Republicans created the angry constituency that is now enthralled by Trump with decades of talk radio and Fox TV propaganda. And they were obviously startled by the results. But now they seem to be in the process of accepting and adapting. The problem is that they don’t really understand Trump’s appeal. They think he’s popular because of his “anti-Washington populist agenda” and because “he can’t be bought.” And it’s true that people like that about him. But what his followers love about him is his open, almost cheerful disdain for people they hate and a willingness to win by any means necessary. Without that, he’s just another guy railing against Washington and saying he’ll lower taxes. Ward seems to think that candidates can cop Trump’s attitude without going for the substance and people will go for it. But that’s pretty condescending. Voters like Trump for what he’s saying even more than the way he’s saying it. They’re not going to be fooled by someone trying to do “Trump-lite.” Nonetheless, the memo is important for the fact that it admits that the highest levels of the Republican party see a way in which Trump can put together a coalition that could win a general election. It’s hard to believe they’re right, but they do seem to be serious. But even more concerning is the fact that Trumpism is seeping beyond his candidacy and into the Party as whole. They are no longer rejecting him, they are co-opting him. They are becoming him.",1
175,Top Dem Warns GOP To Deal Now Or Risk Another Government Shutdown,"In a speech on Wednesday afternoon, Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) called on any deal to relieve the forthcoming spending cuts to follow four guidelines. Reflecting the extremely low bar that Congress has set for itself, the first of those guidelines is that the deal can be small in nature.

“Sure,” Murray said, according to excerpts of her prepared remarks, “it would be great to work together to address some of the big challenges we face when it comes to our long-term budget challenges -- but if we can’t find a path to another small deal, we are not going to discover the way to a big one.”

The remaining three guidelines are similar to past Democratic demands for any negotiated budget settlement. Sequester relief, Murray said, needs to be done equally for defense and non-defense investments –- “this is non-negotiable”; it “should” be paid for by “a responsible mix of spending cuts and new revenues”; and, finally, it should be aimed at broader economic growth.

“Honestly, this doesn’t have to be this difficult,” Murray, the fourth-ranking Senate Democrat, said during an appearance at law firm BakerHostetler's legislative seminar. “Working across the aisle to set topline budget numbers, and then working together to fill that budget out with spending bills is pretty much the least we should be able to do here in Congress.”

 

 That Murray feels compelled to tout the relative simplicity of a prospective budget deal suggests that lawmakers are worried that negotiations won’t succeed. As much as anything else, her speech excerpts reflect an attempt to frame in advance the causes of a potential government shutdown this fall.

Sequestration spending cuts -– a policy that was put in motion by the deal to raise the debt ceiling back in 2011 –- are set to return this October after a two-year semi-hiatus. And with Republicans controlling both chambers of Congress, the president increasingly protective of his domestic priorities, and the presidential campaign in full swing, the likelihood of political retrenchment seems high.

Already, Republicans have passed budgets that further cut non-discretionary defense accounts while adding spending to the defense budget through an account that isn’t subjected to sequestration caps. That lack of balance has been sharply criticized by congressional Democrats. Even earlier, President Barack Obama said he would not sign a government-funding bill this fall that didn’t include sequestration relief for non-defense priorities, significantly raising the stakes for a shut down.

“Republicans have a choice,” Murray said. “They can either work with us early on a bipartisan budget deal that will set the topline budget levels and allow the Appropriations Committee to work on bills that can be signed into law. Or, they can wait until we reach a crisis, until we approach or hit another completely unnecessary government shutdown -- and work with us then.”

""In the past, all of the shutdowns and threats of shutdowns occurred because Republicans were trying to change current law,"" the aide said in an email, listing congressional Republican fights in the spring of 2011, as well as attempts to defund Obamacare in 2013, as examples. ""Democrats were trying to move forward legislation along the lines of current law and we were the ones trying to cause a ruckus.""

Now the tables have turned, the aide pointed out. ""It’s Democrats advocating changes to current law with a shutdown as a consequence if they don’t get what they want."" By that logic, they can't blame Republicans for causing a shutdown if they're ""just following the statutory caps"" that Democrats voted for in the Budget Control Act.

Obama’s own budget calls for a full busting of the sequestration spending caps as part of a nearly 7 percent increase in discretionary spending. But budget documents are mostly aspirational. And in reality, both he and Congress are likely to see a reprisal of a sequestration-relief deal that was cut nearly two years ago.

Back then, Murray and Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), then the House Budget Committee chairman, successfully put together a package providing $63 billion in sequestration relief over a two-year period divided equally between defense and non-defense accounts. Democrats agreed to the deal because it helped rescue some of their domestic priorities. Republicans signed off in part because an extra $20 billion-plus in savings was set aside for deficit reduction and the deal also extended a cut to Medicare providers that was part of the initial sequestration.

An aide to Murray, who no longer chairs the Senate Budget Committee, said she would support a deal similar to the last one both in scope and length. Though he has moved on to chair the House Ways and Means Committee, Ryan said that he too would be comfortable with a second agreement.",1
3135,Gay marriage ruling leaves debate about religious liberty wide open,"The Supreme Court made a number of important decisions this term, but none more transformative than legalizing gay marriage. The decision, however, does not settle the issue of gay rights and religious liberty.

Why climate scientists are taking fact-checking into their own hands

A man holds a US and a rainbow flag outside the Supreme Court in Washington after the court legalized gay marriage nationwide on June 26. After the decision, religious conservatives are focusing on preserving their right to object. Their concerns are for the thousands of faith-based charities, colleges, and hospitals that want to hire, fire, serve, and set policy according to their religious beliefs.

Two blockbuster cases dominated the docket at the United States Supreme Court in its recently-concluded term – one stands as a civil rights landmark, the other is slipping into quiet obscurity.

In its 2014-15 term, the high court decided 74 cases, including rulings upholding the president’s power to determine US policy over the contested status of Jerusalem, permitting Texas to exclude the confederate flag from specialty license plates, and barring prosecutors from treating an undersized grouper as the legal equivalent of a shredded document.

But by far the term’s biggest decisions came in the court’s historic ruling for same-sex marriage and in a 6-to-3 vote upholding distribution of tax credits in President Obama’s health care reform law.

While the same-sex marriage decision will reverberate for years, the high court’s ruling in the Obamacare case has quickly fallen off the national radar now that the once-dire threat to millions of health insurance policies has subsided.

In contrast, Justice Anthony Kennedy’s decision in the same-sex marriage case is a transformative event. It marks the most significant civil rights decision by the high court in at least a generation – a kind of gay rights version of Brown v. Board of Education.

In his decision, Justice Kennedy established that the fundamental right to marry embraces all Americans – regardless of sexual orientation.

In the 5-to-4 ruling, the high court said that state bans on same-sex marriage violate due process and equal protection rights of the Fourteenth Amendment.

The decision effectively ends a rancorous state-by-state debate over marriage, and extends a welcoming hand to a segment of American society that has faced open hostility and discrimination.

As such, the marriage decision represents a huge victory for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community, their friends, families, and other supporters.

“This decision affirms what millions of Americans already believe in their hearts. When all Americans are treated as equal, we are all more free,” President Obama said in comments shortly after the ruling.

But the case that sharply divided the court itself has also left the country sharply divided. Religious conservatives feel they are under siege and are looking for ways to fight back or protect themselves.

Recognizing this, Kennedy’s decision hints at matters beyond gay marriage and anticipates the next big high court showdown – a bitter national struggle pitting gay rights against religious liberty.

Analysts say Kennedy went out of his way in his decision to avoid labeling religious conservatives as bigots or motivated by animosity toward homosexuals. That posture is critical, they say, because it leaves open a way for the court in future cases to balance the competing interests of religious conservatives with the growing rights and clout of gay Americans.

“Kennedy, I think, wants to keep the court’s options open to respect religious and traditional marriage libertarian rights to exclude or to discriminate,” Yale Law Professor William Eskridge told a recent gathering of the American Constitution Society.

“Justice Kennedy is loath to close off those options,” he said.

Professor Eskridge noted that Kennedy provided the decisive fifth vote in a 2000 high court case that upheld the Boy Scouts’ right to bar gay men from serving as scoutmasters. To the Boy Scouts, the decision affirmed their right to associate with like-minded individuals. To the rejected scoutmaster, the decision endorsed blatant anti-gay discrimination.

Washington Appellate Lawyer Gene Schaerr said in a Heritage Foundation briefing that Justice Kennedy went “out of his way in numerous places in his opinion to try to suggest respect for the religious viewpoint on this issue.”

“Those of us who care about religious liberty can be grateful that Justice Kennedy’s opinion dodged some big bullets,” Mr. Schaerr said. “But the opinion, unintentionally I think, launched a number of grenades that are still in the air.”

He noted that some religious organizations may soon face loss of their tax exempt status unless they jettison their opposition to same-sex marriage, and religious colleges may discover their accreditation is in jeopardy if they are found to discriminate against same-sex married couples in violation of constitutional rights.

In contrast to the historic same-sex marriage landmark with its ongoing repercussions, the high court challenge to President Obama’s health care reform law is fast on its way to being forgotten.

Had a majority of justices agreed with the plaintiffs that the Affordable Care Act barred the distribution of tax credits thorough federal health care exchanges set up in 34 states, that decision would have gutted the ACA and left millions of Americans unable to afford any health insurance.

But that’s not what happened.

Instead, the court essentially gave the Obama administration the benefit of the doubt over what the majority justices said were “a few examples of inartful drafting.”

Writing for the majority in the 6-to-3 decision, Chief Justice John Roberts said it would make no sense for Congress to create a law meant to advance universal health care by allowing tax subsidies only in health care exchanges established by a state – rather than also in exchanges set up by the federal government.

“Congress passed the Affordable Care Act to improve health insurance markets, not to destroy them,” Chief Justice Roberts wrote.

It marked the second time the chief justice had joined the high court’s liberal wing to save the ACA from its potential demise at the nation’s highest court. In June 2012, Roberts joined with the court’s liberal wing to uphold the controversial measure after concluding that the law’s mandated insurance requirement amounted to a tax rather than a penalty.

The chief justice’s twin rescue operations prompted Justice Antonin Scalia to quip in a dissenting opinion that rather than calling the law Obamacare, it should be renamed SCOTUScare.  (SCOTUS is an acronym for Supreme Court of the United States.)

Beyond the two blockbusters, the court’s term produced several other notable decisions.

In an 8-to-1 decision, the court put employers on notice that they must recognize the need to accommodate religious practices of their workers or job applicants, even when a job applicant fails to request an accommodation.

In that case the court ruled for a Muslim teen who was rejected for a job at an Abercrombie Kids store because she wore a headscarf.

In its 10th year under Chief Justice Roberts, the court remains essentially a conservative body. But you wouldn’t know it from this year’s highest profile cases. Of the top 10 decisions of the term, analysts classify eight as liberal victories. Only two of the top 10 decisions are said to embrace a conservative approach.

This pendulum-like movement at the court between liberal and conservative rulings is due in large part to Justice Kennedy’s position at or near the center of the nine-member court.

He is, thus, frequently positioned to cast the fifth and deciding vote in controversial cases.

The chief justice has also occasionally swung over to join the liberal wing in high profile cases, as both he and Kennedy did in the Obamacare decision.

Despite that exception, Kennedy’s power to singlehandedly decide major cases was on full display this term.

He provided the deciding vote in a ruling that an independent commission formed in Arizona by ballot initiative did not violate the Constitution’s ""elections clause.""

The decision is a major victory for election reform advocates. It upholds similar commissions in six other states and gives a green light to others looking for ways to reduce the involvement of partisan politics in drawing election districts.

Kennedy also swung over to join his liberal colleagues in a redistricting case in Alabama. In that case the court agreed to keep alive a challenge to a voting map drawn by the Republican-controlled state legislature. Minority groups charged the map illegally undercut black voting clout in the state.

Kennedy also played a key role in holding off an effort by the court’s conservatives to bar the use of so-called disparate impact discrimination claims under the Fair Housing Act.

The case marked the third time in recent years that the court’s conservatives had sought to take up a case to strike down the disparate impact approach under the FHA.

The disparate impact theory of discrimination permits lawsuits when a statistical analysis shows that minorities suffer disproportionate harm from a particular policy – even when that policy is racially neutral.

Instead of joining the conservatives, Kennedy sided with the liberal wing and wrote the majority opinion upholding disparate impact lawsuits under the FHA, but also seeking to impose limits on such suits when they might lead to racial quotas.

Apart from the string of liberal wins, the high court produced two conservative victories among the term’s top cases. Both were made possible by the swing vote of Kennedy.

In one, the court ruled that the Environmental Protection Agency must take the cost of compliance into account when considering whether to regulate toxic air pollutants emitted from coal- and oil-fired power plants.

In the second conservative victory, the court upheld Oklahoma’s use of the drug midazolam as part of its three-drug lethal injection protocol despite the involvement of that same drug in three botched executions last year.

Again, with Kennedy’s support, the court said three Oklahoma death row inmates had failed to prove that the state’s use of midazolam presented an intolerable risk that the condemned prisoners would suffer severe pain during the execution process.

The case was important because capital punishment abolitionists have been working to dry up the availability of certain drugs used in lethal injections. The ruling will make it easier for states like Oklahoma to continue to use midazolam, and to continue carry out executions.

The case is also notable because two liberal justices, Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg, announced that they believe the time has come to declare the death penalty unconstitutional.

That announcement is expected to trigger a new round of litigation in death penalty cases with an eye toward bringing a dispute to the high court that might facilitate a decision striking down capital punishment throughout the US. As in most other high profile cases, the outcome in that one would likely, once again, come down to the vote of Justice Kennedy.",1
3116,"Kim Davis is the new face of the religious right: Angry, marginalized and increasingly desperate","The saga of Kim Davis, the Kentucky county clerk who went to jail for a weekend rather than sign off on same-sex marriage certificates, might seem like it’s a last gasp for the anti-gay right; an attempt to eke out some kind of victory after having lost their two-decade fight against same-sex marriage. Unable to stop same-sex couples from marrying, Davis, along with a handful of anti-gay florists and bakers, strives instead to just make getting the license an embarrassing hassle. It’s childish sore loser behavior, the equivalent of a baseball player pouting in the dugout and refusing to shake hands with his opponent because he didn’t win the game.

Because of this, liberals can be forgiven for laughing and moving on, not particularly worried about Davis, whose temper tantrum isn’t even preventing the licenses from being issued any longer, as the judge authorized her deputies to hand them out. Unfortunately, though, Davis’s behavior isn’t just a bratty tantrum. This whole incident is also a sign of a troubling development in the religious right: As their cultural power declines in the face of growing diversity and liberalism, religious conservatives are embracing scary levels of radicalism. They don’t have the numbers anymore, so they are turning to scarier and more radical demands to seize power in any way that they can.

No doubt Davis is a comical figure whose self-righteousness is only equaled by her ignorance both of the text of the Bible she clings to and what it means to have a job as a government employee. But she’s being used by her legal team and other religious right leaders to spread the idea that religious conservatives are entitled to ignore — or even overthrow — democracy and seize power just because they feel like it.

Some supporters, like Ryan Anderson of the New York Times, are claiming that Davis wants an “accommodation” for her religious beliefs. This is, to put it bluntly, a lie. Davis was offered just such an accommodation and told that she doesn’t have to personally issue the licenses so long as her deputies were allowed to do so. She declined that compromise, insisting that she be able to actually prevent same-sex couples from getting licenses in her county altogether.

What Davis is asking for is not an accommodation at all, but for the right to declare, by fiat, that Rowan County, Kentucky, is a mini-theocracy not beholden to the laws of the land, but by the whims of Kim Davis. Her legal team wants you to see her as a sweet but faithful woman, but in fact she’s trying to pull a coup here, claiming that “God’s authority” — read Kim Davis’s authority — trumps our entire democratic system.

It’s not just her, either. Rena Lindevaldsen, who works for the Liberty Counsel, which is handling Davis’s case, has taken to boldly arguing that Christians have the right to overthrow the democratically elected government and simply impose their will by fiat. “Whether it’s zoning or taxes or marriage or abortion, in those issues, government doesn’t have authority to say that these things are appropriate because they’re contrary to Scripture,” Lindevaldsen recently argued in front of Liberty University. Which is to say that even though the government has declared abortion legal, if you decide you don’t want your neighbors getting abortions, you should be able to declare yourself a God-appointed authority and simply shut it down. If you don’t want to pay taxes, declare yourself a “sovereign citizen.”

Mike Huckabee has been at the frontlines of pushing the claim that Christian conservatives simply have the right to ignore or overturn democracy to impose their will, and not just because he’s been running around Kentucky, trying to get himself on camera as much as possible in support of Davis’s attempt to ban gay marriage by fiat. He’s also been using the campaign trail to argue that the president should be able to simply end rule of law and start ruling like a dictator.

He doesn’t just the word dictator, of course, but make no mistake, Huckabee has repeatedly and shamelessly promised that if he is elected president, he will start declaring his beliefs to be the law of the land without the cooperation of Congress. In a Google hangout, he laid out the scheme: Declare as president that there are “constitutional rights of the unborn” and simply ban abortion by fiat. He claimed a similar authority during the Republican debate, a moment that got startlingly little play even though it was literally a candidate for president arguing that he would make himself a dictator. Despite his regular references to the constitution when making these proclamations, Huckabee’s scheme would mean voiding out the constitution, as well, and not just because, despite his claims to the contrary, there is not a single word in it that gives citizenship status to embryos. It’s also because his scheme would mean ending the balance of powers, concentrating all the power of the legislature and the courts into the hands of the president. And once you believe that your interpretation of what God wants trumps rule of law, not just for yourself but for your neighbors, then it follows very quickly that you are entitled to use force and even violence to get your way. Some religious right leaders are, in fact, making noises that sound very much like justifying the use of violent force in order to overturn the social progress brought upon the U.S. from the democratic system. “No one should want it and no one, myself included, does want it,” conservative pundit Erick Erickson argued in an op-ed about the Davis case. “But how much longer until we have another civil war?” You can be forgiven for being skeptical of his claim not to want this, of course. On the contrary, it reads very much like a threat: Either give up the gains made under the democratic system or face violent overthrow by religious fanatics. Huckabee plays the same game of fantasizing about violent struggle to overturn democracy while pretending to abhor violence. In his Google hangout, he said that he expected that banning abortion by fiat would likely result in “extraordinary pushback, and goodness, perhaps riots in the streets.” He’s not wrong that simply dissolving rule of law and declaring yourself the sole authority would likely result in people resisting, but he shrugged this off as merely the price of doing business. To be clear, all these fantasies of governmental overthrow to stop gay couples from marrying will likely remain fantasies. The religious right is aging and losing numbers quickly. This is why they’re getting increasingly fanatical in their rhetoric, of course, but it also makes it hard to imagine they could really get it together to act out their fantasies of seizing power by force. Still, this isn’t just talk. The Republicans are still beholden to the religious right in many ways. The fact that so many Republican candidates were afraid to defend the rule of law and denounce Davis for her actions is a troubling symptom of this. The Christian right may not be up to armed revolution, but they are increasingly demanding that Republicans turn their backs on the basic rules of democracy to cater to a theocratic minority. That Republicans are listening is a danger to us all.",1
3352,Why Clinton camp is releasing personal server 5 months after e-mail flap emerged,"Hillary Clinton has decided to cooperate with investigators after months of refusing to give up the personal server used to send e-mails during her tenure as secretary of State.

US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton listens to a question from the audience during a community forum about substance abuse in Keene, N.H., on Tuesday.

Hillary Clinton's attorney David Kendall has handed over thumb drives containing copies of roughly 30,000 e-mails sent to and from Ms. Clinton’s personal e-mail addresses via her private server to the FBI. The former secretary of State has also directed her staffers to release her server to federal investigators.

Ms. Clinton has drawn criticism for using a private server and personal e-mail to conduct government business during her tenure at the helm of the State Department. She has maintained that she never sent or stored any classified information on her personal server and account. However, since news that she had not been using a government-protected server broke in March, at least two e-mails have been deemed ""Top Secret, Sensitive Compartmented Information"" – one of the government's highest classifications.

Top Republicans have pointed to the retroactive designation of those e-mails as classified as evidence that Clinton lied about not sending classified information over her personal server.

""Secretary Clinton's previous statements that she possessed no classified information were patently untrue,"" House Speaker John Boehner (R) of Ohio said in a statement after the Clinton camp announced that it would hand over the data. ""Her mishandling of classified information must be fully investigated.""

Federal investigators are now searching for security breaches in Clinton’s personal e-mail setup amid speculation that other classified information may have been sent through the server. There has been no evidence that Clinton encrypted the account to prevent prying eyes from accessing the e-mails or her personal system.

Clinton has ""pledged to cooperate with the government's security inquiry, and if there are more questions, we will continue to address them,"" campaign spokesman Nick Merrill said Tuesday.

The decision to give up the server came after the FBI said Mr. Kendall was not permitted to possess classified information contained in some of the e-mails, said a US official who was not authorized to speak publicly. Clinton's attorney had already supplied the 30,000 e-mails contained on the thumb drives to investigators in December, but had retained copies of them on the thumb drives.

In March, Clinton said she exchanged nearly 60,000 e-mails during her four years in the Obama administration, half of which were personal and had been discarded.

For months after The New York Times uncovered Clinton’s home-brew e-mail server, the Democratic candidate refused to hand it in. She claimed she used it out of convenience to limit the amount of electronic devices she had to carry.

While her use of a personal e-mail account and server did not break the rules at the time, no other secretary of State has exclusively done so.

Material from the Associated Press was used in this report.",1
548,Charting a course for charter schools,"The 2010 documentary “Waiting for ‘Superman’ ” was – still is – a powerful indictment of American public education. The movie describes a system so dysfunctional, teachers unions so entrenched, and urban neighborhoods so battered that frequent calls for “education reform” ring hollow. Every recent American president has come into office proclaiming improving education Job 1 and often signing landmark legislation. But too many students – other versions of the innocent Anthony, Daisy, Emily, Francisco, and Bianca in the documentary – are still being left behind.

Now, to be fair, most public schools are healthy, productive environments where capable teachers make a profound difference in students’ lives. Year after year, public schools in states such as Massachusetts competently prepare students for college. Still, “Waiting for ‘Superman’ ” makes a convincing case that much of the public-education system, especially in the inner city, is broken and that charter schools – by focusing less on the job security of adults who run the system and more on the kids who are supposed to be served by it – are showing how to fix it.

There are now 6,700 charter schools in the United States. They educate 3 million students (6 percent of the public school population); another 1 million are on waiting lists. If current trends continue, by 2035 charters could be educating as much as 40 percent of American students. Though charter schools vary in quality, in general they are effective at boosting educational achievement, which accounts for their popularity in inner-city neighborhoods. They are big players in cities such as Detroit, Washington, and especially New Orleans, where 91 percent of students now attend charter schools.

Early charter schools resembled high-tech start-ups, powered by charismatic leaders, succinct mission statements, and a build-fast-fail-fast ethos. Administration was flat. Teachers put in long hours. Student discipline and a culture of learning were paramount. As the movement matures, that is changing. Case in point: Mastery Charter Schools in Philadelphia, where chief executive Scott Gordon has moved from a “no excuses” approach with students to one that takes into account students’ backgrounds and the communities they come from, much as traditional public schools do. ( Click here for a Monitor cover story on Mr. Gordon and the schools he manages.)

As charters scale up, they face many of the same issues that public schools do. Few charter teachers are in labor unions now, but unionization is spreading. Management is flat now, but bigger schools will require more bureaucracy. Most charters tuck themselves into small spaces today, but that precludes them offering a full range of activities for students, including athletics and other extracurriculars.

Charter schools began as laboratories. If their growth rate continues, they will become factories. They might, as a result, lose some of the energy of the early days. They might even resemble the public school system they seek to reform. Heroism isn’t a sustainable business model, unless you are Superman, and school kids can wait forever for him. The key for charter schools and for public schools is to remain focused on what really matters. Their names are Anthony, Daisy, Emily, Francisco, and Bianca.",1
3679,State of emergency declared in Ferguson after police shoot and critically injure man during protests,"FERGUSON, Mo. — A man who was shot and critically injured by police here after authorities said he opened fire at officers was in critical condition Monday, his father said, as questions remained about what sparked the gunfire amid protests marking the first anniversary of the fatal shooting of Michael Brown.

The late-night shooting was a violent coda to a mostly peaceful day of protests and vigils commemorating a year since Brown, an unarmed 18-year-old, was shot and killed by a white Ferguson officer, an event that thrust this small suburb of St. Louis into the center of a national conversation on how police officers use lethal force toward minorities.

It heightened fears about what the latest bloodshed could do to a tense community that has repeatedly been unsettled by unrest over the last year. Activists had planned a day of civil disobedience on Monday, and dozens of people were arrested in St. Louis on Monday.

On Monday afternoon, the St. Louis County executive declared a state of emergency in response to what he called “the potential for harm to persons and property” in the area.

“The recent acts of violence will not be tolerated in a community that has worked so tirelessly over the last year to rebuild and become stronger,” Steve Stenger, the county executive, said in a statement. “The time and investment in Ferguson and Dellwood will not be destroyed by a few that wish to violate the rights of others.”

Stenger said that he would place the St. Louis County police chief, Jon Belmar, in charge of police emergency management in Ferguson and the surrounding area, a nearby city.

Belmar held a news conference early Monday morning to discuss the man shot by his officers, saying that this man had opened fire on an unmarked police SUV shortly before midnight.

On Monday, the office of Robert P. McCulloch, the St. Louis County prosecuting attorney, charged Tyrone Harris, 18, with 10 counts of assaulting law enforcement, shooting at a motor vehicle and armed criminal action as a result of this incident.

Harris remained in critical condition at a hospital in the area, according to the St. Louis County Police Department. He is being held on a $250,000 cash-only bond, a spokesman said.

The man shot by police had been identified by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and other local news outlets as Tyrone Harris Jr. In a telephone interview Monday, Tyrone Harris Sr., who identified himself as Harris’s father, said that two girls who were with the younger Harris before he got shot said he didn’t have a gun.

Belmar said police were responding to reports of looting on West Florissant Avenue, which served as the focal point for the protests and unrest that followed Brown’s death last year and where stores were burned and looted on several nights.

Tensions began to increase at about 8 p.m. local time. With most of those who came to Ferguson to demonstrate gathered at a rap concert and a panel discussion, groups of young men began breaking into storefronts along West Florissant.

As a result, police cut off traffic to the area and deployed officers in riot gear, a visible police presence that prompted angry locals and some protesters to gather opposite the line of officers. While this was happening, Belmar said, plainclothes detectives farther down West Florissant were monitoring a person they believed to be armed, who was with at least three or four other people they also believed to have weapons.

Even as protesters and police were facing off nearby, two groups that were apparently involved in some kind of feud began firing at each other, Belmar said. He said between 40 and 50 shots were fired over about 45 seconds.

“It was a remarkable amount of gunfire,” Belmar said.

The person being tracked by the detectives crossed the street and left the area where the two groups were facing off, and he may have been preparing to return, Belmar said.

At that point, an unmarked SUV with its interior red and blue lights illuminated began moving toward the man, who began firing at the vehicle, striking the hood and windshield multiple times, Belmar said.

He was armed with a 9mm Sig Sauer pistol reported stolen last year, Belmar said.

These detectives returned fire from inside the car and were not sure if they hit the man, Belmar said. They followed the man toward a fenced-in area where he again opened fire, Belmar said, and all four detectives who had been in the SUV fired at the man. He was taken to a nearby hospital in critical, unstable condition.

The four detectives, who were placed on administrative leave, have not been identified.

Belmar said that this confrontation between police and the lone man “wasn’t the culmination of all the shooting,” though, adding that it was somewhat separate from the two groups firing at each other. Belmar said it was possible the man shot by police had left the two groups because he was afraid he was going to be shot.

“They were criminals,” Belmar said of the people who opened fire. “They weren’t protesters.”

Police were not clear on why the two groups were fighting, Belmar said.

Tyrone Harris Sr. said Monday that his son remained in critical condition, but said he was not allowed in the hospital and was told to remain on the sidewalk outside.

“The situation is messed up,” he said. “My son wasn’t even armed when he was shot.”

Harris said that his son, who went to school with Michael Brown, had been on a date when he went out to a remembrance honoring Brown. He said that he had been told his son was there with friends who got into some kind of an altercation, possibly a fight over a television, and that one of these people began shooting.

Two girls who were there told the elder Harris that his son was “running for his life.”

Tyrone Harris Sr. said that his son had graduated from high school and was planning on going to school to be an electrician. “There is no perfect child,” Harris said of his son, adding that he was trying to make something of himself.

The younger Harris had not graduated with the rest of his class, but he took classes over the summer and earned his diploma, his father said.

That shooting was followed by another burst of gunfire at around 2 a.m. near the Canfield Green apartment complex, right near where Brown was shot. Two young men — 17 and 19 years old — were shot at around that time.

The two teenagers told police they were walking on the sidewalk when a man wearing a red hooded sweatshirt started shooting at them from the rear passenger side of a vehicle. The 17-year-old was shot once in the chest or shoulder, while the 19-year-old was shot once in the chest, police said. They were both taken to the hospital with what police described as non-life-threatening injuries.

Meanwhile, Paul Hampel, a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, was beaten and robbed while reporting on a break-in happening on West Florissant.

“I got swarmed, beaten down really bad,” he told the Post-Dispatch.

“Those who terrorize communities with gunfire and commit violence against police officers are criminals, and their reprehensible acts must not be allowed to silence the voices of peace and progress,” Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon (D) said in a statement Monday.

He added: “For the sake of all, it is my hope and expectation that today’s events will be peaceful so that these efforts can continue to move the region in a positive direction.”

During his news conference early Monday morning, Belmar stressed that the groups shooting at each other were separate from the protesters demonstrating in the streets.

“There is a small group of people out there who are intent on making sure we don’t have peace that prevails,” Belmar said. “That’s unfortunate. Because even with the folks who were in the street last night, there were a lot of emotions, I get it. But this is something different.”

He added: “We can’t talk about the good things that we have been talking about in the last year … if we’re prevented from moving forward by this type of violence.” Belmar characterized the shooting as “avoidable.”

Police officers shot Harris about half a mile from the spot where Brown was shot and killed last year by Darren Wilson, a former Ferguson police officer.

At the Fraternal Order of Police’s national conference in Pittsburgh on Monday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch “strongly” condemned “the violence against the community, including police officers, in Ferguson.”

“As we have seen over the recent months and years, not only does violence obscure any message of peaceful protest, it places the community, as well as the officers who seek to protect it, in harm’s way,” Lynch said, according to her prepared remarks.

“The weekend’s events were peaceful and promoted a message of reconciliation and healing,” she continued. “But incidents of violence, such as we saw last night, are contrary to both that message, along with everything that all of us, including this group, have worked to achieve over the past year.”

More than 100 demonstrators on Monday marched to a barricaded St. Louis County Justice Center, stepping inside the blocked-off area and staging a sit-in. Numerous people, including some of the most high-profile members of the Black Lives Matter movement, were arrested in downtown St. Louis.

[Ferguson activists DeRay Mckesson, Johnetta Elzie among those arrested in St. Louis]

In the year since Brown was killed, a series of demonstrations have erupted on Ferguson’s streets. The days after his death was marked by frenzied confrontations between demonstrators and police, unrest that lingered into the fall and flared up again after a grand jury did not indict Wilson.

The Justice Department has criticized how law enforcement agencies responded to the initial protests in Ferguson, saying in a draft summary of an upcoming report that many police actions “served to only exacerbate tensions between protests and the police.”

Earlier this year, the Justice Department released two reports sparked by the Ferguson unrest. In one, it said that it would not pursue federal civil rights charges against Wilson; in the other, it found that the city’s police and court system had routinely violated the constitutional rights of black citizens.

After these reports, Ferguson’s police chief, city manager and top municipal judge left their positions. Protests again emerged on the city’s streets after the Justice Department’s report and the departure of these officials.

The week after the Justice Department issued its reports, two police officers were shot and seriously injured near the city’s police headquarters. Once again, the Missouri Highway Patrol was called in to take over security amid fears of worsening tension. A 20-year-old man arrested and charged with the shooting told authorities he was not aiming at the police officers when he fired the gun.

This week, police again said they came under fire during tense protests in Ferguson. When Harris was shot, protesters were still filling some of the same streets in Ferguson where nightly showdowns between demonstrators and police occurred last year.

“We are deeply disappointed with the violence that took place last night,” Ferguson Mayor James Knowles III and the Ferguson City Council said in a joint statement. “This kind of behavior from those who want to cause disruption and destroy the progress from this past year will not be tolerated.”

The sound of the gunfire was caught on film by CNN, which later aired video of an interview with the city’s new interim police chief Andre Anderson. Shots were heard on the street during the interview, and Anderson appeared startled.

Graphic video shot by prominent Ferguson protester Tony Rice — known for his tweets from the streets during demonstrations — appeared to show a handcuffed and injured man lying on the ground as an officer watched.

“It seemed like the protest was winding down,” Rice told The Washington Post of the moments before the violence. “And next thing you know, gunshots rang out.”

When the gunfire stopped, Rice said he was met with a horrible sight.

“By the time the gunshots died down, I stood up and looked, there’s another lady out there yelling that someone had been shot,” he said. “As I approached, sure enough, there’s a body on the ground.”

In the video, Rice is heard yelling to officers and asking why the man was not being given medical attention.

“Hey, he bleeding!” Rice said in the video. “Get him some help, man. Please get him some help! … He’s bleeding out, man, you see it. He’s breathing, man. Please get him some help!” He added later: “I just did not see a level of urgency. … And it was quite a while before the initial officers went over and did a pulse check.”

As they attempted to secure a still-chaotic scene, officers detained Rice, handcuffing him and sitting him down not far from the shooting before releasing him. “This is a crime scene,” an officer said. “Back up … You are under arrest!”

Rice said he did see three officers eventually attempt to provide some form of medical aid to the man who was shot.

Before Sunday night’s gunfire, there had been another shooting the previous night at an event related to the anniversary of Brown’s death. Police said they were called to the intersection of West Florissant Avenue and Ferguson Avenue after gunshots were fired and found a 22-year-old who was shot in the arm in that area.

The St. Louis County police said on Sunday afternoon that Trevion Hopson, 17, had been charged with unlawful use of a weapon due to that shooting. Police said Hopson went to anniversary events and fired at “a specific target” before shooting into the fleeing crowd.

St. Louis Alderman Antonio French — a well-known face on the streets of Ferguson since Brown’s death — said that, when night fell, things turned chaotic.

[Thousands dead, few prosecuted: An analysis of fatal shootings by on-duty police officers]

On Twitter, French later reported that tear gas had been used on the crowd. At the overnight news conference, Belmar said he had heard smoke had been deployed, but said he had not been at the scene of the protest since “about midnight.” CNN, among other outlets, later reported tear gas was used as well.

The St. Louis County Police said that three officers were injured on Sunday night and into Monday morning. Two officers were pepper-sprayed by protesters, while one officer was hit in the face by a rock, a spokesman said. Three county police cars were also damaged, two by gunfire and one due to a minor accident.

Authorities said they arrested four people late Sunday and early Monday. Three were charged with interfering with  police officers, while a third man was charged with failure to disperse and an unlawful use of a firearm.

This post has been updated. Wan and Berman reported from Washington. J. Freedom du Lac, Justin Moyer and Nick Kirkpatrick contributed.",1
4948,"Gary Johnson: No To Carbon Taxes and Mandatory Vaccines, Yes To Black Lives Matter and Transformative Politics","Earlier today, I talked with Libertarian Party presidential candidate Gary Johnson for about half an hour. Here's an edited version of my conversation with the former two-term Republican governor of New Mexico. The topics we covered include whether he supports carbon taxes and mandatory vaccines (no to both), agrees with Hillary Clinton's characterization of Donald Trump as racist (yes), and if he thinks there is any chance he will crack 15 percent in the national polls that will earn him a ticket to the presidential debates (""We're very optimistic"").

Johnson, who ran for president on the LP ticket in 2012 and pulled more than 1 million votes, says that the response his campaign is getting this time around is a ""transformation."" He attributes this to an ""appetite"" voters have for a different approach to politics, one that combines liberal social views and conservative fiscal views. He is certainly the only presidential candidate who believes ""taxes to me are like a death plague,"" blacks are systematically denied equal opportunities in America, minimum-wage laws punish low-skilled workers, and marijuana should be legalized.

""We are two former Republican governors who served in heavily Democratic states,"" Johnson told me while discussing the reaction to the way he and his running mate, former Massachusetts Gov. Bill Weld, mash-up positions normally associated with either the right or the left. ""What that meant is that we pissed everybody off, and because we pissed everybody off, we both got re-elected by bigger margins. We pissed off the left, we pissed off the right, but really where we came down was right in the middle. Where we came down on was right where everybody is, right where the majority of people are at.""—Nick Gillespie

NICK GILLESPIE: Earlier this week, you suggested you were in favor of a carbon tax or fee. Yesterday, at a rally in New Hampshire (video here), you said you were against it. What is your position on carbon taxes?

GARY JOHNSON: [A carbon tax] sounds good in theory, but it wouldn't work in practice. I never called it a tax. I called it a fee. As it was presented to me, this was the way to reduce carbon and actually reduce costs to reduce carbon. Under that premise—lower costs, better outcomes—you can always count on me to support that [sort of] notion. In theory it sounds good, but the reality is that it's really complex and it won't really accomplish that. So, no support for a carbon fee. I never raised one penny of tax as governor of New Mexico, not one cent in any area. Taxes to me are like a death plague.

GILLESPIE: You do believe that climate change is happening and that human activity adds to it. Does that mean it is an issue that should be addressed by government policy?

JOHNSON: Well, I'll agree with the first two, but I'm a skeptic that government policy can address this. The United States contributes 16 percent of the contribution of carbon in the world…

GILLESPIE: So you would be against the United States unilaterally making any kind of move that puts a huge economic disadvantage that also wouldn't really mitigate carbon?

JOHNSON: If there is any way we can address this issue without the loss of U.S. jobs, my ears are open.

GILLESPIE: Let's talk about vaccines. There are no federal laws mandating vaccines, and that's how it should be, as far as you're concerned.

GILLESPIE: Various states treat vaccines differently, and you're not wild about the range of individual choice and opt-out provisions, but you do believe it's a state-level decision—or certainly that it's not a federal-level decision.

GILLESPIE: There are people who say vaccines cause autism [and other problems] or that vaccines don't work. Are you in that camp?

JOHNSON: No, I chose to have my children vaccinated. I understand all the concerns that some people have, but for me personally, I made a decision to have my children vaccinated. I want people to make decisions and I believe in [opt-outs]. With the exception of a few states, everyone has an opt-out. But I also want to say that, as president of the United States, if I am confronted with a zombie apocalypse that will happen unless the total herd is totally immunized, I will support [mandatory vaccinations].

GILLESPIE: Yesterday, Hillary Clinton gave a speech in which she explicitly said that Donald Trump was racist and that he has brought a racist presence into the Republican Party. A year ago, you told Reason something very similar. You said Trump's comments about Mexicans and his views on immigration were racist. Do you agree with Hillary Clinton that Donald Trump is a racist?

JOHNSON: Well, if it walks like a duck, if it talks like a duck, it's a duck.

GILLESPIE: As a former Republican governor, how does that make you feel about the current state of the GOP?

JOHNSON: It makes me feel like I think more than half of Republicans feel: This is not representative of Republicans.

GILLESPIE: Do you think the Republican Party is going to be permanently damaged by Donald Trump's candidacy?

GILLESPIE: What do you think of his recent appeals to black voters? He's been saying to African Americans that the Democratic Party hasn't really helped them much. That everything in their lives has gotten worse under Barack Obama and that Hillary Clinton is not their champion. Do you agree with Trump that Democratic Party policies haven't really benefited the black community?

JOHNSON: I do. Both parties are engaged in pandering. The libertarian approach—equal opportunity—isn't that what you really want? But I'd argue that equal opportunity currently does not exist.

GILLESPIE: How does it not exist, and what policies would you enact to make it a reality? Is it a question of ending a drug war that disproportionately impacts blacks, promoting school choice so they can escape chronically bad schools, and ending minimum-wage laws that price low-skilled workers out of getting their first jobs?

JOHNSON: All of what you just mentioned. Let me offer up a story. I was on Fox News' The Five a couple of days ago with Eric Bolling. I made the statement that ""black lives matter"" and Eric chimed in to say, ""All lives matter."" It's not a criticism of him, it's just indicative of the conversation [about race and politics]. I said, ""Yes, all lives do matter, but blacks are getting shot at the rate of six times that whites are. If you're of color and you're arrested, there's a four times greater likelihood that you'll go to jail than if you're white. Eric said, ""Blacks commit eight times the crime."" My answer was little muddied, but I think I got to my point. Yes, blacks are being arrested, they are being charged, and they are being convicted at eight times the rate of whites. If that same scrutiny were applied to you and I as whites, we would have those same results. That's the awareness [of unequal treatment] that doesn't currently exist.

GILLESPIE: The set of ideas, mind-sets, and positions that your campaign is putting out there doesn't have a home in contemporary Republican and Democratic politics. The way things are is that if you're against the minimum wage because you think it hurts unskilled workers, you've got to be a conservative. But then you're saying, ""I care about blacks and they are having a tougher time in America than whites."" So then you must be on the left. Do you feel the framework you and Bill Weld are presenting is getting through? Is it changing the way people think about politics?

JOHNSON: I think we're getting through in a huge way. Between Facebook, Twitter, and other social media, we've got a reach of 300 million. We had a rally the other night in Vermont, and there was a crowd of 300 or 400 people, very enthusiastic people. Our Facebook Live stream of the rally got 300,000 views on Facebook Live in two hours. 300,000! Clearly there's an appetite for what we're talking about. Bill Weld says this all the time: We are two former Republican governors who served in heavily Democratic states. What that meant is that we pissed everybody off, and because we pissed everybody off, we both got re-elected by bigger margins. We pissed off the left, we pissed off the right, but really where we came down was right in the middle. Where we came down on was right where everybody is, right where the majority of people are at.

GILLESPIE: A writer at the conservative website The Federalist recently said that your embrace of a carbon tax clearly meant you are ""a left-wing candidate."" Do you consider yourself a left-winger?

JOHNSON: Well, no. But you know, tomorrow you will see an article that says this guy is a right-wing radical. Bravo.

GILLESPIE: Let's talk about your stance on religious-liberty issues, which has angered a lot people on the right and many libertarians. Your position is that you essentially want to extend anti-discrimination protections for race and gender to cover sexual orientation when it comes to businesses that are open to the public. Yet you support an opt-out for vaccinations. Why not support an opt-out for the religious owner of a business who doesn't want to bake a gay Nazi wedding cake?

JOHNSON: Because it would create a new exemption for discrimination. At the end of the day we're just going to agree to disagree. But you bring me specific legislation dealing with a cake baker not having to decorate a cake for a Nazi and I'll sign it.

GILLESPIE: Let's talk about Hillary Clinton. In response to being called a bigot and a racist by her, Donald Trump said that she was fundamentally not trustworthy. Do you agree with him on that?

JOHNSON: Yes, I agree with him.

GILLESPIE: So you're in a weird position, aren't you? You actually agree with both Hillary and Donald, but you don't think either should be president.

JOHNSON: I agree. I had always surmised that Bill Clinton's speaking fees—which hadn't been highly publicized over the years—were tied to payoffs for what he had done as president. I've always felt that, OK, this is the way of paying him back. What I've come to discover is that it was also access to Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State that was being sold. It's pay-to-play, textbook pay-to-play. That's not right. Having never held political office before [becoming governor], I had no idea of what was possible [in terms of selling access and favors]. For me, it had everything to do with doing the right thing. For me, it had everything to do with analyzing legislation—would this actually improve lives or would it not? If it didn't, I was going to veto it. If it was going to make things better, even incrementally, I signed on to it.

GILLESPIE: Do you have a particular instance that you can point to with Hillary Clinton where she accepted a donation to the Clinton Foundation in regard to this action or this access?

JOHNSON: View the documentary that's online right now: Clinton Cash. The preponderance of what they break down [in the film] clearly shows to me that this was an ongoing activity.

GILLESPIE: You still have a lot of ground to cover to reach 15 percent in the national polls that will get you into the presidential debates. What do you think your odds are at this point?

JOHNSON: We're very optimistic. Our reach on social media is doubling every three weeks right now. That simply means that for the first time people are hearing the name Gary Johnson. In the five polls [being used by the Commission on Presidential Debates], we're smack dab at 10 percent. Not 10.1 percent, not 9 percent, but smack dab at 10 percent. And if you look at those polls six weeks ago, the average would have probably been between 6 percent and 7 percent. Currently, we're on the ballot in 45 states and we have 100 percent belief that we'll be on the ballot in all the states and [the District in Columbia]. This campaign is really a transformation. We showed up in New Hampshire the other day to a big crowd. I ran in the 2012 cycle, and I think I got more media at that event than I got in the entire 2012 cycle. Everything is changed right now from an attention standpoint. Whether or not that means we end up in the debates and getting to make a difference on the stage is still a question. But right now? I'm as optimistic as ever.

GILLESPIE: Thank your for time.",1
1574,Ted Cruz is a professional liar: The Planned Parenthood shooting was the work of a “transgendered leftist activist”,"Texas Senator Ted Cruz (R) isn’t about to let the facts get in the way of his narrative, so instead of admitting that his party’s rhetorical tantrums about hoax videos may have contributed to Robert Louis Dear’s decision to shoot up a Planned Parenthood clinic on Friday, he blamed it on what conservatives would consider a most loathsome manticore: a “transgendered leftist activist.”

On Sunday, Cruz said that any attempt to link Dear to conservatives’ mission to curtail a woman’s right to choose is merely “vicious rhetoric on the left blaming those who are pro-life.” He claimed that “the media promptly wants to blame [Dear] on the pro-life movement, when at this point there’s very little evidence to indicate that.” Cruz, you see, is very, very concerned about people who make commonsense accusations based on reports that Dear was mumbling about “baby parts” when he was arrested. Repeating the Republican talking points about Planned Parenthood constitutes, to his mind, “very little evidence.”

Solid evidence, for Cruz, comes from the person who has been deemed The Stupidest Man On The Internet, who discovered that Dear was listed as “Female” on a voter registration form, meaning he is obviously, as Cruz identified him, a “transgendered leftist activist.”

Cruz made that statement while attempting to take the high road, but he’s unfamiliar with such heights and it showed. “It’s also been reported that he was registered as an independent and a woman and transgendered leftist activist, if that’s what he is,” he said. “I don’t think it’s fair to blame on the rhetoric on the left. This is a murderer.” Apparently, he believed people would walk away from his statement thinking, “It’s big of Cruz not to blame leftist rhetoric for a man shooting up a Planned Parenthood clinic” — which says quite a bit about how intelligent he considers his audience.

Moreover, given that the only evidence Cruz has that Dear was transgender is a single voter registration form in which he identifies both as “Female” and “UAF,” which stands for “unaffiliated,” it stands to reason that he believes it impossible for a transgender person to be affiliated with the conservative movement in general or the Republican Party in particular. While that may be true, it’s also telling about who he assumes can find a home in the conservative coalition. As ThinkProgress’ Zack Ford reported, no one who knew him believed he identified as a woman, and his ex-wife claimed that “he believed wholeheartedly in the Bible,” but that doesn’t constitute the kind of evidence a professional prevaricator like Cruz would consider worthy of mention. He should be commended, though, for his restraint in not arguing that Dear was simply a bank robber who took shelter in the Planned Parenthood clinic, another conservative canard that made the rounds this weekend.",1
2929,Egyptian planes pound ISIS in Libya in revenge for mass beheadings of Christians,"Egyptian warplanes struck hard at ISIS militants in neighboring Libya, killing as many as 64 militants and destroying the Islamist terror group's training camps and weapons caches a day after a sickening video surfaced showing black-clad jihadists beheading 21 Coptic Christians.

The strikes came in two waves after Egypt's President Abdel Fattah el-Sissi went on national television in the world's most populous Arab nation and vowed revenge was coming. The address was followed by the airing of military video showing the planes taking off for the mission and an Armed Forces General Command statement saying the strikes were ""to avenge the bloodshed and to seek retribution from the killers.""

""Avenging Egyptian blood and punishing criminals and murderers is our right and duty,"" the Egyptian military said in the statement, which was broadcast on state television.

The Egyptian Foreign Ministry said the airstrikes targeted ISIS locations in Derna, a port city in eastern Libya.

""Leaving the situation as it is in Libya without a firm intervention to curtail these terrorist organizations would be a threat to international peace and security,"" the ministry said.

The ISIS video released online showed the Egyptian victims, poor men from Egypt's rural areas who had traveled to Libya looking for work, kneeling before Islamic State executioners. In Egypt, which by some estimates is about 10 percent Christian, the video sent shockwaves through both Muslim and Christian communities. El-Sisi, the U.S.-trained, former military leader who in a landmark New Year's day address called on the Arab world to reject radical terror, and then took the unprecedented step of attending services at a Christian church, told his nation the deaths would be avenged.

""These cowardly actions will not undermine our determination"" said el-Sissi, who also banned all travel to Libya by Egyptian citizens. ""Egypt and the whole world are in a fierce battle with extremist groups carrying extremist ideology and sharing the same goals.""

On Monday, el-Sissi visited the main Coptic Cathedral of St. Mark in Cairo to offer his condolences on the Egyptians killed in Libya, according to state TV.

Egyptian state-run news service Al-Ahram, citing a Libyan military spokesman, reported that the strikes, which were coordinated with Libyan officials, killed 64 Islamic State fighters and left dozens wounded. Egyptian officials told the news service the strikes were the first of several to come.

Egypt is already battling a burgeoning Islamist insurgency centered in the strategic Sinai Peninsula, where militants have recently declared their allegiance to ISIS and rely heavily on arms smuggled across the porous desert border between Egypt and Libya.

The strikes also come just a month before Egypt is scheduled to host a major donor's conference at a Sinai resort to attract foreign investment needed to revive the economy after more than four years of turmoil.

The Egyptian government had previously declared a seven-day period of mourning and President Abdel Fattah el-Sissi addressed the nation late Sunday night, saying that his government reserved the right to seek retaliation for the killings.

""These cowardly actions will not undermine our determination"" said el-Sissi, who also banned all travel to Libya by Egyptian citizens. ""Egypt and the whole world are in a fierce battle with extremist groups carrying extremist ideology and sharing the same goals.""

Libya's air force commander, Saqr al-Joroushi, told Egyptian state TV that the airstrikes were coordinated with the Libyan side and that they killed about 50 militants. Libya's air force also announced it had launched strikes in the eastern city of Darna, which was taken over by an ISIS affiliate last year. The announcement, on the Facebook page of the Air Force Chief of Staff, did not provide further details. Two Libyan security officials told the Associated Press civilians, including three children and two women, were killed in the strikes. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media.

The video was released late Sunday by militants in Libya affiliated with the Islamic State group. The militants had been holding 21 Egyptian Coptic Christian laborers rounded up from the city of Sirte in December and January. The killings raise the possibility that the extremist group -- which controls about a third of Syria and Iraq in a self-declared caliphate -- has established a direct affiliate less than 500 miles from the southern tip of Italy, Libya's former colonial master. One of the militants in the video makes direct reference to that possibility, saying the group now plans to ""conquer Rome.""

In Washington, the White House released a statement calling the beheadings ""despicable"" and ""cowardly"", but made no mention of the victims' religion, referring to them only as ""Egyptian citizens"" or ""innocents."" White House press secretary Josh Earnest added in the statement that the terror group's ""barbarity knows no bounds.""

Also Sunday, Secretary of State John Kerry called Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry. He offered his condolences on behalf of the American people and strongly condemned the killings. Kerry and the foreign minister agreed to keep in close touch as Egyptians deliberated on a response, according to a release from the State Department.

The U.N. Security Council meanwhile strongly condemned what it called ""the heinous and cowardly apparent murder in Libya of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians by an affiliate of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant,"" using another name for the terror group.

The foreign minister of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan, also condemned the mass killing, calling it an ""ugly crime.""

""The United Arab Emirates is devoting all its resources to support the efforts of Egypt to eradicate terrorism and the violence directed against its citizens,"" he said.

Sheikh Abdullah added that the killing highlights the need to help the Libyan government ""extend its sovereign authority over all of Libya's territory.""

The oil-rich Emirates, along with Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, has given billions of dollars in aid to Egypt since el-Sissi, who was then military chief, overthrew Islamist President Mohammed Morsi in July 2013 amid massive protests against his yearlong rule.

Egypt has since waged a sweeping crackdown against Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood group, which it has officially branded a terrorist organization. El-Sissi has insisted the crackdown in Egypt, as well as support for the government in Libya, is part of a larger war on terror.

Libya in recent months has seen the worst unrest since the 2011 uprising that toppled and killed longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi, which will complicate any efforts to combat the country's many Islamic extremist groups.

The internationally recognized government has been confined to the country's far east since Islamist-allied militias seized the capital Tripoli last year, and Islamist politicians have reconstituted a previous government and parliament.

Egypt has strongly backed the internationally recognized government, and U.S. officials have said both Egypt and the United Arab Emirates have taken part in a series of mysterious airstrikes targeting Islamist-allied forces.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
1110,"After the latest debacle, we agree with Donald Trump: “We’ve had enough of the debates”","It was hosted by CNN, and the presentation was so bombastically stupid that it was almost condescending. The moderation wasn’t great; it took far too long to bring up the violence recently perpetrated against journalists and protesters by Trump supporters — and, shit you not, the Trump campaign itself. And absolutely nothing happened that’s likely to change an outcome which, much like death, seems more inevitable every day.

But listen: You don’t want to hear about the entire debate. You either chose to do something else — or worse still, you watched it for yourself. And as the current patriarch of the heirs of Drumpf said himself Thursday night, “we’ve had enough of the debates” already. So I’m going to spare you a play-by-play. And I’m definitely not going to tell you who “won,” because, really, why the hell do journalists try to do that?

Here’s what I’ll do instead. I’m going to focus on the one part of the debate that, in the grand scheme of things, as best I can tell — which, to be clear, is very little — matters the most. It was early, and it was ugly, and it was exactly the kind of exhibition of political cynicism and religious bigotry that President Obama calls “the source of a lot of destructive acts.” I’m talking about the “debate” over what Donald Trump said about Muslims (all 1.6 billion of ‘em) Wednesday night.

The quote, for those of you who were lucky enough to miss that, too:

I think Islam hates us. There’s something there that — there’s a tremendous hatred there. There’s a tremendous hatred. We have to get to the bottom of it. There’s an unbelievable hatred of us…. [W]e have to be very vigilant, we have to be very careful and we can’t allow people coming into this country who have this hatred of the United States, and of people who are not Muslim.

Needless to say, when a genuflecting Anderson Cooper (CNN again!) offered Trump a chance to at least say he was only referring to those who believed in a “radical” interpretation of Islam — which is still problematic for someone who wants to be president, but whatever — the Donald declined. “It’s very hard to separate” radicals from the nearly 1.6 billion others, he answered.

Anyway, that was the topic on Thursday night. But when CNN tossed another softball in Trump’s direction and gave him another chance to walk it back (are we going to ask him every single day now?), Trump didn’t just reject the offer. He went from arguing that it was difficult to tell the difference between a violent jihadist and an 8-year-old child to arguing that “a lot of them” are full of “tremendous hatred”: I will tell you there’s something going on that maybe you don’t know about, maybe a lot of other people don’t know about, but there’s tremendous hatred … And I will stick with exactly what I said to Anderson Cooper. I like to solve problems. We have a serious, serious problem of hate … We have large portions of a group of people — Islam — large portions want to use very, very harsh means. In response, Little Marco offered a tepid critique, saying that Trump didn’t get that “presidents can’t just say anything they want.” Rubio added that he wasn’t “interested in being politically correct,” but that there were pragmatic reasons not to dehumanize 1.6 billion people. That’s better, I guess; but as the Intercept’s Murtaza Hussain tweeted: Someone should tell these guys Muslims are also watching the debate and hearing them say we should only be nice for utilitarian reasons. Why was this the most important moment of the debate? Because this wasn’t just about Trump, though he certainly was the driver. It was about the entire Republican Party, and about the millions of Americans who continue to support it. All over the country — and all over the world — people are watching. There are millions of people whose perception of the United States is not set in stone just yet. And this is the country we show them. I can’t blame them if they choose to turn away.",1
1626,Megyn Kelly tears into Ted Cruz over ridiculous debate demands: “Would we have to submit our voting records to you?”,"Megyn Kelly has been none too impressed with Republican presidential candidates’ reaction to their third primary debate and days long tantrum about the CNBC moderators — after all, she did see her own revolt of Fox News viewers following her moderation of the first GOP debate — so on her Wednesday night program, Kelly confronted Texas Senator Ted Cruz about his recent demand that future GOP debate moderators strictly be Republicans.

Making clear that he thought the debates so far have been “terrific,” Cruz responded to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie’s suggestion that Republican presidential candidates stop whining and move on from last week’s debate. Cruz said he was happy to “debate any of the candidates, anywhere,” and denied that he planned to sign onto a GOP list of demands for future debates.

But then Cruz explained that his only problem with the Republican primary debates has been the fact that they are moderated by what he calls liberals.

“Why is it that we have Republican primary debates that are moderated by liberal Democrats,” Cruz asked, repeating the argument he made on Fox News’ “Hannity” moments following last week’s CNBC debate. “I don’t think that makes any sense,” he told Kelly.

“The one rule change that I think the RNC ought to think about is saying that if you have never in your life voted in a Republican Party primary, that you shouldn’t be moderating a Republican primary debate,” Cruz argued. “Let me challenge you on that,” Kelly offered. “Do you have any idea whether Bret Baier or Chris Wallace have ever voted in a Republican primary?” “I have no idea,” Cruz admitted chucklingly, before defending his assertion by revealing the secret that neither Kelly, nor Wallace, nor Baier could plausibly be described as liberals. “Would we have to submit our voting records to you?” Kelly shot back after noting that Cruz’s proposed rule could potentially box out some Fox News anchors from moderating GOP debates. “Megyn, it is not complicated,” Cruz insisted. “In a primary, don’t have liberals moderating.” Watch Kelly attempt to confront Cruz on his GOP only debate proposal:

",1
2159,Senate Democrats block swift passage of Keystone XL pipeline bill (+video),"Senate supporters of the Keystone XL pipeline, which would transport crude oil from a private Canadian company to Texas oil refineries, failed to get the 60 votes needed to limit debate on the controversial project.

Senate Democrats blocked a GOP bill to push the controversial Keystone XL pipeline project through Congress. The pipeline would transport oil from a private Canadian company to Texas refineries, via public and private lands up and down the US.

Democrats in the U.S. Senate blocked the Keystone XL pipeline bill from moving forward on Monday, but supporters of the project vowed to push ahead and eventually get a vote on the measure.

The Senate failed to get the 60 votes needed to limit debate, voting 53 to 39 on the measure.

The Keystone bill allows Congress to approve TransCanada Corp's project to link Canada's oil sands to refineries on the Gulf Coast.

Democrats, who lost control of the Senate as a result of November's elections, flexed their muscles to deliver a message to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell that he will have to deal with them even on bills that enjoy some bipartisan support.

McConnell has pledged that amendments to bills will be debated in an open process. But Democrats said McConnell cut off debate last Thursday on several amendments.

""He's got to work with us and not try to jam us,"" Senator Chuck Schumer said of McConnell. Democrats are not trying to delay the bill, but they don't want McConnell to shut down the open process at his whim, said Schumer, the Senate's third ranking Democrat.

Republicans have made passing the Keystone bill the first priority of the new Senate.

But the White House has said President Barack Obama would reject the bill, and Keystone supporters are four votes short of the 67 needed to overcome any veto.

Senator Lisa Murkowski, the chairman of the energy committee, vowed to work with Democrats on her panel to consider additional amendments.",1
2183,"Wake up, America. Our country is upside down","Folks, I work hard to be the common sense voice for YOU in a growingly crazy America.

We are taking in thousands of refugees from Muslim countries without any idea who they are or what their motives are.

A serial sniper’s been  shooting at vehicles in Arizona.

Caitlyn Jenner is considered a hero, yet, the cops who risk their lives for us are being gunned down in the streets.

The country is upside down.

But there’s one issue I have to highlight here in wake up America because it threatens our very republic.

It’s the Iran nuclear deal.. and it’s a deadly mistake we are making.

This is no right wing. Left wing manufactured fight. This is for real folks -- lives will be lost if we lift Iranian sanctions. Period.

Handing over an initial $100 billion to the regime that sponsors terror around the world is insane!

Then allowing them to sell another $100 billion per year in oil is equally insane.

That as they telegraph their hatred for us makes zero sense. Zero!

They lie. They cheat. They finance Hezbollah, Hamas and factions of Al Qaeda. And they finance these hate groups with the goal of killing  Americans.

What genius decided giving people who despise us more money to kill us was a good idea?

This is bigger than Obama’s legacy. This is bigger than Democrats circling the wagons around their ideology.

America will be hit with Iranian financed terror if we don’t stop this deal… now.

It's common sense folks. It’s lacking in D.C. and this time around it will cost us American lives.

And by the way, did we learn nothing when terrorists flew planes into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon and Pennsylvania -- killing 3,000 innocent Americans exactly 14 years ago today?



Eric Bolling currently serves as co-host of Fox News Channel's ""The Five"" (weekdays 5-6PM/ET). He also serves as the host of ""Cashin' In"" (Saturdays 11:30AM-12PM/ET), an analysis program on FNC's weekend business block, ""The Cost of Freedom."" Bolling joined the network in 2008. Click here for more information on Eric Bolling.",1
4032,"Global relief effort underway after Nepal earthquake leaves 2,700 dead, thousands injured","Governments and charities from the United States to the Middle East rushed personnel and aid to Nepal Sunday after Saturday’s magnitude 7.8 earthquake and ensuing aftershocks rattled the Himalayan nation, leaving more than 2,700 dead and thousands injured according to Nepalese authorities.

U.N. spokeswoman Orla Fagan, who is heading to Nepal, said preventing the spread of disease is one of the most important tasks facing aid workers who are arriving.

""There are 14 international medical teams on the way and either 14 or 15 international search-and-rescue teams on the way,"" she said. ""They need to get in as soon as possible. They will use military aircraft to get them into Nepal.""

The Pentagon says a U.S. military plane has departed from the Dover Air Force Base in Delaware bound for the earthquake-stricken nation.

Onboard are 70 personnel, including a U.S. Agency for International Development disaster assistance response team, a Virginia-based search and rescue team and 45 tons of cargo to provide assistance to areas hit by Saturday's massive quake.

The Pentagon says the flight is expected to arrive at Kathmandu on Monday.

The first to respond, however, were Nepal's neighbors -- India, China and Pakistan, all of which have been jockeying for influence over the landlocked nation. Still, Nepal remains closest to India with which it shares deep political, cultural and religious ties.

Indian air force planes landed Sunday with 43 tons of relief material, including tents and food, and nearly 200 rescuers, India's External Affairs Ministry spokesman Vikas Swarup said. The planes were returning to New Delhi with Indian nationals stranded in Kathmandu. More aid flights were planned for Sunday.

India suffered its own losses from the quake, with at least 61 people killed there and dozens injured. Sunday's aftershock was also widely felt in the country, and local news reports said metro trains in New Delhi and Kolkata were briefly shut down when the shaking started.

European nations deployed as well: France said it would send 11 rescuers on Sunday; Britain announced that an advance team of eight had been sent and that a 5 million pound ($7.6 million) aid package would be available under a rapid response plan; Italy deployed a team of experts from its Civil Protection Department as well as it foreign crisis team; and the Swiss Foreign Ministry said a team of experts including a doctor, a building surveyor and water quality technician had left for Nepal on Sunday.

Poland is sending a rescue team to Nepal of 81 firefighters, together with heavy equipment and several dogs, as well several medics. The medics are expected in Nepal on Monday morning. The firefighters were delayed by aftershocks and confusion at Kathmandu's airport, said Pawel Fratczak, spokesman for firefighters. He said they are now due to arrive Monday afternoon.

Other countries sending support Sunday included the United Arab Emirates, Germany and France.

Pakistan prepared to send four C-130 aircraft, carrying a 30-bed temporary hospital comprising army doctors, surgeons and specialists. An urban search and rescue team was also sent with ground-penetrating radars, concrete cutters and sniffing dogs. Pakistan was also sending 2,000 ready-to-eat meal packs, water bottles, medicines, 200 tents, 600 blankets and other necessary items.

The need is great: UNICEF said Sunday that nearly 1 million children in areas affected by the earthquake are in ""urgent need"" of humanitarian assistance. UNICEF staff reported dwindling water supplies, power shortages and communications breakdowns.

Celebrities like singer Shakira sent tweets appealing for help for UNICEF. The mobile payment company Square created a ""cashtag"" to donate: cash.me/$unicef. PayPal announced it was waiving fees for donations to several aid organizations.

Information was still lacking about conditions at the earthquake's epicenter, Pickering said.

""Going forward it's about access to the epicenter, and helicopters are the key, but it's not clear whether they can be sourced and whether the high altitude is a problem,"" he said, adding that Save the Children has emergency kits pre-positioned in three warehouses in Nepal and plans to distribute bedding, buckets and other basic supplies to 2,000 families as quickly as possible.

Saturday's magnitude 7.8 earthquake spread horror from Kathmandu to small villages and to the slopes of Mount Everest, triggering an avalanche that buried part of the base camp packed with foreign climbers preparing to make their summit attempts. At least 18 people died there and 61 were injured.

The earthquake centered outside Kathmandu, the capital, was the worst to hit the South Asian nation in over 80 years. It destroyed swaths of the oldest neighborhoods of Kathmandu, and was strong enough to be felt all across parts of India, Bangladesh, China's region of Tibet and Pakistan.

By Sunday night, authorities said at least 2,430 people had died in Nepal alone, not including the 18 people that the Nepal Mountaineering Association says died in an earthquake-triggered avalanche on Mount Everest. Another 61 people died from the quake in India and a few in other neighboring countries. At least 721 of the deaths were in Kathmandu, and the number of injured nationwide was upward of 5,000. With search and rescue efforts far from over, it was unclear how much the death toll would rise.

The State Department confirmed Sunday that three U.S. citizens died in Nepal Saturday.

Dan Fredinburg, a Google executive who described himself as an adventurer, was among the dead.

Google confirmed his death. Lawrence You, the company's director of privacy, posted online that Fredinburg was in Nepal with three other Google employees climbing Mount Everest. The other three, he added, are safe.

According to the technology blog Re/Code, Fredinburg was an experienced climber who co-founded, in his spare time, Google Adventure. The project aims to ""translate the Google Street View concept into extreme, exotic locations like the summit of Mount Everest or the Great Barrier Reef off Australia,"" according to Startup Grind, a global startup community.

Outside of the oldest neighborhoods, many in Kathmandu were surprised by how few modern structures collapsed in the quake. The city is largely a collection of small, poorly constructed brick apartment buildings.

With people fearing more quakes, tens of thousands of Nepalese spent Saturday night outside under chilly skies, or in cars and public buses. They were jolted awake by the aftershocks, including a powerful magnitude 6.7 aftershock in the Kathmandu region, on Sunday.

""The aftershocks keep coming ... so people don't know what to expect,"" said Sanjay Karki, Nepal country head for global aid agency Mercy Corps. ""All the open spaces in Kathmandu are packed with people who are camping outdoors. When the aftershocks come you cannot imagine the fear. You can hear women and children crying.""

Late Sunday, another magnitude 5.3 quake shook an area about 30 miles east of Kathmandu.

Nepal's worst recorded earthquake in 1934 measured 8.0 and all but destroyed the cities of Kathmandu, Bhaktapur and Patan.

In the Kalanki neighborhood of Kathmandu, police rescuers finally extricated a man lying under a dead person, both of them buried beneath a pile of concrete slabs and iron beams. Before his rescue, his family members stood nearby, crying and praying. Police said the man's legs and hips were totally crushed.

Hundreds of people in Kalanki gathered around the collapsed Lumbini Guest House, once a three-story budget hotel and restaurant frequented by Nepalese. They watched with fear and anticipation as a single backhoe dug into the rubble.

Police officer RP Dhamala, who was coordinating the rescue efforts, said they had already pulled out 12 people alive and six dead. He said rescuers were still searching for about 20 people believed to be trapped, but had heard no cries, taps or noises for a while.

The Kathmandu Valley is listed as a World Heritage site. The Buddhist stupas, public squares and Hindu temples are some of the most well-known sites in Kathmandu, and now some of the most deeply mourned.

The head of the U.N. cultural agency, Irina Bokova, said in a statement that UNESCO was ready to help Nepal rebuild from ""extensive damage, including to historic monuments and buildings of the Kathmandu Valley.""

Nepali journalist and author Shiwani Neupane tweeted: ""The sadness is sinking in. We have lost our temples, our history, the places we grew up.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4132,Defense Secretary Carter used personal email in first months on the job,"Defense Secretary Ash Carter used his personal email account to conduct some of his professional correspondence during his first months on the job earlier this year, the Pentagon admitted late Wednesday.

Carter's use of the personal account was first reported by The New York Times, which said that he had been confronted about his email habits by White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough this past May, three months after Carter took office as defense secretary.

Pentagon spokesman Peter Cook released a statement saying that Carter believes his use of personal email for work-related business was a mistake. Cook declined to say whether it was a violation of Pentagon email policies. Cook also said Carter stopped the practice, but Cook did not say when.

Carter also acknowledged the move was a mistake in an interview with CBS' “This Morning” on Thursday. He said he occasionally used his iPhone to send messages to immediate staff, but stressed no classified information was involved.

The Times reported that Carter was assigned a government email account when he assumed his office in February, but continued to conduct most of his business on his private account, often sending messages via his iPhone or iPad. According to the paper, a former aide to Carter said that his boss used his personal account so often during that period that staffers feared he would be hacked.

Pentagon policy since 2012 has been to bar all employees from conducting government business on personal email. Last year, a law signed by President Obama barred federal officials from receiving or sending emails from personal accounts unless the messages were either copied or forwarded into government accounts within 20 days. It was not immediately clear whether Carter followed that directive.

The Times report comes in the midst of an FBI investigation into whether Hillary Clinton mishandled classified information by using a private account for all her emails while secretary of state. According to the Times, Carter continued to use his personal email at least two months after Clinton's practices were revealed in March.

The Times said the emails it received under the Freedom of Information Act were exchanges between Carter and Eric Fanning, who was his chief of staff at the time and is now the acting secretary of the Army.



The emails were on a variety of work-related topics, the Times said, including speeches, meetings and news media appearances. In one such email, Carter discussed how he had mistakenly placed a note card in a ""burn bag,"" the Times reported. Such bags are typically used to destroy classified documents.



Cook said Carter ""does not use his personal email or official email for classified material. The Secretary has a secure communications team that handles his classified information and provides it to him as necessary.""



Carter ""takes his responsibilities with regard to classified material very seriously,"" Cook said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The New York Times.

",1
2360,Texas counts down the hours until new Open Carry law takes effect,"Gun rights supporters in Texas counted down the hours, minutes and seconds to New Year's Day, because when the clock strikes midnight, licensed firearms owners in the Lone Star State can openly carry their handguns in public.

The non-profit group Open Carry Texas, which supports the law, posted a countdown on its website.

Texas already allows openly carrying rifles and shotguns, but has banned having handguns visible since just after the Civil War. On New Year's Day, it'll be the 45th and largest state to sanction some form of open carry, with California, Florida, Illinois, New York and South Carolina still banning it.

Activists with Open Carry Texas say they support the law, but that it should go farther. ""Our ultimate goal will always be constitutional carry - if you can legally own and purchase a gun, you should be able to legally carry that gun without begging for government permission in the form of a license and 2nd Amendment tax,"" they say on their website.

Texas had nearly 826,000 concealed license holders in 2014, which ranks among the nation's highest. Openly carrying a gun will require obtaining the same license concealed weapons holders have -- be at least 21, have clean criminal and psychology records, complete a training course and pass a shooting test. Concealed handguns are even allowed inside the Texas Capitol, where license holders can bypass metal detectors.

Under the new law, businesses can bar guns from their premises if they post approved signs outside.

Texas also has the country's most federal firearms license holders, from manufacturers to dealers, and the state cites its relaxed gun ownership rules in lobbying gun makers to move here. The National Rifle Association has traditionally pumped tens of thousands of dollars into Texas' state political races, more than it spent many other places, though contribution totals look to be waning recently.

The original open carry bill included a ""no-stop"" provision barring police from demanding to see the license of someone simply for openly carrying their gun. Tea party legislators didn't want 2nd Amendment rights infringed, while Democrats worried about racial profiling, concerned that blacks and Hispanics might be asked for their licenses more than their white counterparts.

""If I get a gun, I guess I'd better put my hands up,"" state Sen. Rodney Ellis, a Houston Democrat who is black, said when the measure was debated on the Senate floor.

Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo was an outspoken critic of the ""no-stop"" provision, saying it would effectively bar police from doing their jobs while endangering the public. Under pressure from Acevedo and other police chiefs, as well as state law enforcement organizations, that language was stripped from the final open carry bill.

But Michael, who is readying Acevedo's force for the new law, said he doesn't expect many officers to ask for licenses. The department is even training its dispatchers to educate the public on the law change, anticipating a barrage of 911 calls about someone openly carrying a gun.

""The call-taker will say it's now legal to do that,"" said Michael, who said his department has been discussing preparations for open carry for months with police departments across Central Texas.

Police ""don't want to not act and then have something devolve into a mass shooting incident, but harassing every person with a holster gun isn't going to solve that,"" said Shannon Edmonds, director of governmental relations for the Texas District and County Attorneys Association.

""The irony is that you saw many law enforcement agencies lobby strongly against that provision that would have restricted them outright from ever asking if someone had a license absent other evidence of a crime,"" Edmonds said, noting that's changed after a number of those same agencies talked with their legal counsels.

Not demanding to see licenses, though, could also make it easier for unlicensed Texas residents to take advantage of the don't-ask environment.

""We've changed things here a lot and we've not thought this through,"" said Charley Wilkison, executive director of the Combined Law Enforcement Associations of Texas, the state's largest law enforcement officers' union. ""People will drive without a license and we can sure count on them to carry a weapon without training or license.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4508,EgyptAir Flight 804 Crash Increasingly Looks Like Terrorism,"It now appears a sudden, complete explosion caused by a bomb brought down the Airbus over the Mediterranean—but that doesn't mean it was ISIS.

Flight tracking data showing its altitude, speed, and direction, ends instantaneously while the plane was at its cruise height of 37,000 feet. This can now be combined with reports that a military satellite using infrared technology detected a flash at the time and location where the airplane was last tracked, according to NBC News. U.S. officials told Reuters a review of preliminary satellite imagery has produced no sign of an explosion so far.

If the Airbus A320 was stricken by a mechanical failure it is highly unlikely that the effects would have been so sudden, leaving the pilots at least some time to send a Mayday call. No call was made, officials say.

Reports that wreckage has been found floating in the eastern Mediterranean were later denied by Egyptian officials. Once it is found, as it will be, and given the increasing indications that a bomb caused the disaster an urgent priority for investigators will be to look for evidence in the wreckage of blast and fire.



If there is evidence of a bomb blast the next priority will be to establish where the bomb was placed on the airplane: in the cabin or in the cargo hold.

Essential clues to that could be found both from physical wreckage from the airplane and from bodies of passengers, even down to their seat locations.

In this situation the jet’s black boxes—the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder—are of little value since their data would have been terminated with the sudden explosion, leaving only a record of what was until then an absolutely normal flight. Wreckage is where the story is to be told.

There has yet been no credible claim by any terrorist group that they were responsible. If a bomb was successfully placed on the flight not only does this point to a weak point in security at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris, the origin of the flight, but it could mean that bomb makers have found a new way of eluding current bomb-detecting technology.

The man credited with being the world’s most-ingenious bomb designer is al Qaeda’s Ibrahim al-Asiri.  Al Qaeda has recently been overshadowed by ISIS, and some experts believe that it wants to re-establish its superiority in attacks on what it has always regarded as the most effective Western target, commercial aviation.

If the flight was brought down by a bomb, the timing of the blast could be a part of the signature of the bomb maker. Was it timed to detonate specifically at the only place on the EgyptAir jet’s route when it was over water? The retrieval of wreckage and, particularly, of the flight data recorders, is far more difficult with a plunge into the sea than when the airplane falls in plain sight over land. On the other hand counter-terrorism experts have always believed that bombers would rather bring down a jet over land and, ideally, over a city for the maximum effect—as was the intention of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, the underpants bomber, on Christmas Day 2009, aiming for Detroit.

The jet was flying what has become one of the most densely trafficked airline routes in the world, a crucial corridor in the sky for international flights.

Following the downing by a missile of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 over Ukraine in July 2014 that part of Eastern Europe was—belatedly—defined as a war zone. The main airline routes between Europe, the Middle East, and Asia were then diverted south to fly over Romania, Greece, Turkey, and across the eastern Mediterranean into Egyptian airspace.

The corridor became even more crowded after the crash of the Russian Metrojet while flying over the Sinai Peninsula last October, when the Sinai airspace was also ruled too dangerous for commercial flights. This had the effect of pushing a lot more intercontinental flights further south, flying eastbound and westbound across Cairo, the Red Sea, and Saudi Arabia and Dubai (Dubai is now a major hub for flights between Europe, Africa, and Asia).",1
1679,Why Jeb Bush’s campaign has gone so wrong,"The Bushes are burning as they consume the news.

Bush family patriarch George H.W. Bush is alarmed, bewildered and irritated, the New York Times reported over the weekend, that his son Jeb is doing so poorly in a Republican presidential primary battle dominated by Donald Trump. The 41st president summoned his son George W., the 43rd president, Jeb and Bush money men to Houston for meetings Sunday and Monday to sort out what has gone so wrong that Jeb is now cutting staff.

They didn’t have to look far for an explanation. All they had to do was listen to Jeb on Saturday in South Carolina.

“If this election is about how we’re going to fight to get nothing done, then I don’t want any part of it,” the candidate said. “. . . I’ve got a lot of really cool things that I could do other than sit around, being miserable, listening to people demonize me and me feeling compelled to demonize them. That is a joke. Elect Trump if you want that.”

I don’t want any part of it? I’ve got a lot of really cool things I could do? Elect Trump if you want? The self-described “joyful tortoise” may have just delivered the most petulant political speech since the future 37th president said “You won’t have Nixon to kick around anymore.”

Bush is correct that Trump’s campaign of insults has made the 2016 GOP primary race an ugly affair. But his response — suggesting he’d take his ball and go home rather than sully himself — is precisely what has sunk Bush’s candidacy so far. Angry voters want a fighter, and Bush, justifiably dubbed “low-energy” by Trump, doesn’t seem to have it in him. The way to combat Trump’s demagoguery and race-baiting is not to look down your nose at him and say “Tut-tut.” It’s to hit Trump back with as much force as he delivers.

The alternative for Bush and other Republicans is to accept a situation that looks more gruesome by the day. This weekend gave us the spectacle of Trump going after Ben Carson — who just passed Trump in Iowa polls — for his religion. “I’m Presbyterian,” Trump told a crowd Saturday in Florida. “Boy, that’s down the middle of the road, folks, in all fairness. I mean, Seventh-day Adventist, I don’t know about. I just don’t know about.”

This was vintage Trump — making his opponents seem alien, or something other than normal Americans. He led the birther campaign to portray President Obama as foreign-born. He warns of invading Mexican rapists, demonizes Univision and threatens to deport millions. And now he’s disparaging the (Protestant) faith of a rival. Trump said he wouldn’t apologize to Carson, who like half of Seventh-day Adventists is nonwhite.

Carson, who has questioned the fitness of Muslims to serve as president, may have had it coming. But that hardly justifies Trump’s campaign of insults. On Monday morning, at an event in New Hampshire hosted by NBC’s “Today” show, Trump continued the vilification, informing voters that Bush and Carson are both “weak” and that Obama “doesn’t get along with anybody.”

[Carson and Trump are dominating, but their chummy rapport turns cool]

“People are tired of stupid people running our country, and we have, believe me, stupid people,” he said. “. . . It can’t always be the dummy United States led by people that are incompetent.”

When Trump wasn’t praising himself (“I deal with the biggest people. . . . I’ve done very iconic things”) or making vague policy pronouncements (“I would build our military so strong and so good. . . . We’re going to have a country that will be so amazing”), he was peddling fear about people “pouring across our borders” and raping, sodomizing and killing Americans.

He said he wouldn’t admit a single one of the thousands of Syrian refugees destined for the United States, because “these people could be ISIS.” He would instead “take a big swatch of land” to serve as a safe zone for them in the Middle East.

A “swatch” of land — as if he is choosing fabrics for a hotel, not dooming thousands to their likely deaths.

Jeb Bush understands — sort of — why he needs to answer such Trump lunacies. “If we don’t stand for people that will die because of their faith, wow, we have really lost our way,” he said Saturday, according to CNN, even as he fretted about a possible Twitter response from Trump.

Damn the Twitter attack, governor, and stop fussing about whether we’ve “lost our way.” Americans are better than Trump. A strong candidate would argue that with passion — not muse about all the “cool things” he could be doing instead.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
2233,"Obama AWOL in Paris: Message to America, allies is we don't care","Sunday, President Obama morally abdicated his place as the leader of the free world.

His decision to stay home instead of standing side by side with French President Hollande as millions marched in Paris in solidarity with the slain journalists of Charlie Hebdo in opposition to radical Islam – an enemy fiercer than we have seen in decades – sent a clear message to the world: Obama just doesn’t care.

His words about the horrendous terrorist attack this week were not enough. They came off as inauthentic at best and offensive at worst.

To speak about the most serious terrorist attack on Western soil since 9/11, London and Madrid, in between speeches about his free community college plan demonstrates a fundamental lack of understanding for the gravity of the situation in Paris and, indeed, the world.

To this end, it is not surprising that President Obama is the only Western leader who has refused to call this attack Islamic terrorism, even though President Hollande has declared that France is it at war with radical Islam. And to not even send Vice President Joe Biden or Secretary of State John Kerry in his place shows a level of disrespect that makes me ashamed of our nation.

We are at war with radical Islam. And President Obama needs to say it.

Many have tried to understand why President Obama made this choice. It’s certainly not possible that Obama has different intelligence than the French. Or that he and his advisers can’t see what the rest of the world has seen and come out against – the radicalization of Islam, the greatest threat of our time.

Incredibly, in a speech on Friday Egyptian President el-Sisi called upon the Islamic leaders in his own country to stand up to the extremism that is destroying Islam. “We are in need of a religious revolution…You, imams, are responsible for Allah. The entire world…is waiting for your next move…because [the Islamic world] is being torn, it is being destroyed, it is being lost – and it is being lost by our own lands.”

Sisi’s words strike at the heart of the problem in Islam today, where radicals and extremists have hijacked a religion for their own hateful means. He doesn’t condemn the whole religion by calling out the terrorists for what they are.

So why is our own president afraid to do the same?

A condemnation and declaration of war against Islamic extremism does not mean a condemnation and declaration of war against Islam. They are separate and distinct and the president shows a profound lack of understanding for today’s world and threats to America and, indeed, the world without being honest about what’s at stake here.

I made these same points Sunday night on Fox News Channel with my colleagues on ""Political Insiders"" when we talked with Harris Faulkner and will continue to do so.

I have been disappointed by President Obama many times during his six years in office, but perhaps never more so than this weekend. He is redefining what it means to be a lame duck as well as giving the world a master class in what it means to let the world down.",1
410,Clinton’s cowardice on trade,"There are two things no serious candidate for the White House in 2016 can equivocate on: defense spending and the Trans-Pacific Partnership . Foreign policy and strategy are going to be front-and-center in the coming campaign. Few doubt that the world has become more dangerous, that the world order created by the United States, under both Democratic and Republican presidents, is fraying at the edges, and that America’s critical role as a leader in the international system is increasingly in doubt. One key element of restoring U.S. leadership is increasing defense spending, busting the sequester caps and bringing the defense budget at least to the level called for by President Obama’s first secretary of defense, Robert Gates .

But another key element is solidifying and advancing a free-trade regime that binds the United States closer to its European and Asian allies. In Asia, especially, this is more than just a trade issue, although the United States stands to benefit from a well-negotiated agreement. It is, above all, a strategic issue. The United States and China are locked in a competition across the spectrum of power and influence. Militarily, the Chinese seek to deny American access to the region and hope thereby to divide the United States from its allies. Economically, China would like to turn Asia into a region of Chinese hegemony, where every key trade relationship is with Beijing. In such a world, the United States is a net loser — providing costly security to allies but not much else, while China reaps the economic rewards and grabs the hearts and minds, and pocketbooks, of regional players.

Experts on Asia, Democrat and Republican, consider the TPP trade agreement an essential element of U.S. strategy in Asia. On no other issue is there more bipartisan consensus within the foreign policy community.

Which brings us to Hillary Clinton. As secretary of state, Clinton said and did all the right things. She supported the TPP wholeheartedly, for reasons economic and strategic. This was not a matter of loyalty to Obama. Clinton was known to make clear her differences with the president on a number of issues, from the premature withdrawal of troops from Iraq and Afghanistan to the inadequate U.S. response to the humanitarian and strategic crisis in Syria. There was never an inkling that she dissented from support of the TPP.

Yet now, when the trade agreement hangs in the balance, when the all-important question of “trade promotion authority“ was voted on in the Senate, Clinton has been silent, or worse, has quietly indicated her concerns about the agreement. Whether or not this is posturing to avoid offending her party’s left wing, only Clinton can know for sure. But it is an interesting departure from her statements as the nation’s top diplomat.

There are always candidates who believe they can run a careful race for president, trimming on issues that seem to require it during the primaries and general election, with the idea that, once elected, they can do what they know is the right thing. Unfortunately, American politics rarely work that way. It is generally the case that if you don’t have the courage to run on a particular platform, you will not have any more courage to govern on it once you are in office. Presidents usually only do what they say they are going to do. Ronald Reagan promised to rebuild American defenses and cut taxes. That is what he did. Obama promised to pull troops out of the Middle East, and that is what he did. If Clinton won’t run on a free-trade platform, she won’t govern on one.

So much for Clinton’s much-vaunted “smart power.” In a world very much in need of American leadership, but still leery of American power, there is no more effective form of U.S. global involvement than the strengthening of the global free-trade regime. In Asia, especially, where many believe the United States’ economic future lies, building strong trade ties is smart economics and smart strategy. Our allies want it. China worries about it. It is a critical card to play in the complex game of global influence. Those who oppose it are not thinking of foreign policy or America’s role in the world. They are thinking of nothing more than the most narrow and parochial of U.S. interests. Like the people who voted for the Smoot-Hawley Tariff in 1930, they would defend a small segment of the U.S. economy at the cost of the global economy and America’s global influence. Is that where Clinton wants to be? Is that the kind of leadership she proposes to offer us? For a candidate who as yet faces no primary challenge, to cower in the face of possible criticism from the irresponsible wing of her party gives little assurance that she has what it takes to lead the nation in the very difficult years ahead.",1
3489,Obama likely to make economic recovery a centerpiece of State of the Union address,"President Obama plans to propose raising $320 billion over the next 10 years in new taxes targeting wealthy individuals and big financial institutions to pay for new programs designed to help lower- and middle-income families, senior administration officials said Saturday.

In his State of the Union address Tuesday night, Obama will propose raising the capital gains and dividend tax rates to 28 percent for high earners; imposing a fee on the liabilities of about 100 big financial institutions; and greatly broadening the amount of inherited money subject to taxes.

Obama will also seek to boost private retirement savings by requiring employers without 401(k) plans to make it easier for full-time and part-time workers to save in individual retirement accounts, which could assist as many as 30 million people. The administration would provide small employers tax credits to cover costs.

Senior administration officials said that the package would highlight the president’s desire to boost taxes on the nation’s wealthy households and help lower- and middle-class families. New tax credits would help those in need of child care and households with two earners, they said, while other proposals — such as covering community college tuition — would help students.

The moves would “eliminate the biggest tax loopholes and use the savings to let the middle class get ahead,” said one of the senior administration officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity during a conference call with reporters to describe the plan before the president’s speech. This person also said that 99 percent of the impact of the tax increases would fall on the top 1 percent of earners.

The ambitious — and controversial — proposals demonstrate the White House’s increasing confidence about the trajectory of the U.S. economy. For the past year and a half, it has debated how much it could trumpet the recovery when so many Americans have not felt any change in their own economic outlook.

But the plan drew immediate fire from Republican — and could face criticism from some Democrats — who have in the past increased the amount of money exempt from inheritance taxes they branded “death taxes.” Most Republicans have long opposed increases in capital gains rates, and many favor eliminating the tax altogether.

“This is not a serious proposal,” wrote Brendan Buck, a spokesman for House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) in an e-mail late Saturday. “We lift families up and grow the economy with a simpler, flatter tax code, not big tax increases to pay for more Washington spending.”

“Slapping American small businesses, savers, and investors with more tax hikes only negates the benefits of the tax policies that have been successful in helping to expand the economy, promote savings, and create jobs,” Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah) said in a statement Saturday night.

“The president needs to stop listening to his liberal allies who want to raise taxes at all costs and start working with Congress to fix our broken tax code.”

The administration tried to head off some of that attack by asserting that elements of the package resembled proposals endorsed by Republicans. Officials also said that the capital gains tax rate was 28 percent during President Ronald Reagan’s terms in office. The Obama administration would also seek to limit the impact of the tax increases by saying the higher capital gains and dividend rates would apply only to couples earning more than $500,000 a year.

Officials said that the relatively low capital gains tax rate with a top rate of 20 percent has enabled the 400 highest-earning taxpayers — with $139 million or more of income — to pay an average rate of 17 percent when the top income tax rate is 35 percent.

The proposal to impose a 7 basis point fee on financial institutions with assets of more than $50 billion will also run smack into opposition from big banks and insurance companies. The administration compared the fee with a proposal by former House Ways and Means Committee chairman Dave Camp (R-Mich.) for an excise tax on large financial institutions. And last week, the House Budget Committee’s ranking Democrat, Rep. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.), proposed a 0.1 percent surcharge on financial market transactions.

One of the senior administration officials Saturday said that the goal of the proposed fee from the White House was to discourage big financial institutions from excessive borrowing. He said that despite banking revisions after the 2008-2009 financial crisis, highly leveraged financial institutions “still pose risks to the broader economy,” adding that “this fee is designed to make that activity more costly.”

The economic recovery has freed the president to push for more ambitious domestic policies, many designed to help those in the poor and middle class who are still lagging behind. In the past week alone, Obama has announced new proposals on paid sick leave, free community college tuition and expanded broadband access. And while he might have trouble pushing those through the GOP-controlled Congress, Obama could still end up defining key issues for the elections in 2016.

“The battle for the next American agenda is already on,” said Donald A. Baer, chief executive of Burson-Marsteller and formerly chief speechwriter for President Bill Clinton. “There’s this effort to define a new growth and share agenda — growth but not only growth alone, and sharing the growth but not just sharing the wealth.” He said Obama’s college and broadband access are examples of proposals that could add to growth and give poor and middle-class people the tools to increase their share in it.

But Obama has to balance his rhetoric — between optimism and caution — by talking up the strong recovery while acknowledging that wage growth remains weak.

“There’s always been a tension between things are in fact getting better and people are not feeling great,” said Wade Randlett, a Silicon Valley entrepreneur and major Democratic donor. “One is economic fact, and the other is polling, which always catches up over time.”

Now the president is so comfortable with the idea of talking up the economic recovery that his advisers have branded it — “America’s resurgence” — and made it a regular talking point in Obama’s stump speeches and weekly radio addresses. And it is likely to be a centerpiece of the State of the Union address.

In bragging about performance, Obama administration officials point to factors including the best streak of job growth since the 1990s, a recovery in the housing market and healthier balance sheets for households, companies and the federal government. And they have contrasted that performance with the anemic economies of Europe and Japan as evidence that the United States has regained its global economic dominance in what Obama has called a “breakthrough year for America.”

But wages have been a stubborn reminder of the recovery’s shortcomings. In November, average hourly private-sector nominal wages inched up 6 cents, but in December, they fell 5 cents. After adjusting for inflation, wages for the entire year crawled up 0.7 percent, a modest amount in an economic recovery. It is a point that has been featured prominently in comments by Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), who has emerged as a leader of the Democratic Party’s liberal wing.

“I’m feeling better about the economy, but I don’t think we have in place a set of policies that will assure that this recovery will be either sustained or fully inclusive,” said Lawrence H. Summers, a former top adviser to Obama, former Treasury secretary and now a professor at Harvard University. “That’s why I think more needs to be done.”

The White House typically aims its messages directly at the middle class, but, partly in response to Warren, Obama administration officials are more comfortable talking about how some of its proposals benefit poorer Americans.

“We’re on offense on minimum wage and the environment,” Randlett said. “That’s the kind you only do when you have the leash of good economics.”",1
4623,See Which 2016 Candidates Best Align With Your Views,"There are just days left until Americans head to the polls to cast their ballots on Election Day.

While the most prominent battle is between Republican nominee Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the presidential race, key congressional races are happening around the country, too.

This tool from Societly — an independent, nonpartisan organization — can help you figure out which candidate best aligns with your personal views, values and priorities.

Check it out below:",1
2080,"Global warming worsened the California drought, scientists say","California’s drought was spawned by natural weather variations that have bedeviled the West throughout recorded history.

But a new study released Thursday says human-caused global warming is worsening the natural phenomenon. The study by Columbia University’s Earth Institute isn’t the first to say warming has played a key role in fueling California’s dry conditions,  but it’s the first to measure its impact, calculating that it increased the problem by as much as 25 percent.

Natural weather patterns that push away atmospheric moisture that carries rain are normal for the state. But warming adds to the resulting dryness and heat. A small amount of moisture stored in plants and the soil evaporates into the drier atmosphere.

“A lot of people think that the amount of rain that falls out the sky is the only thing that matters,” said Park Williams, a bio-climatologist at Columbia University’s Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory who was the study’s lead author. “But warming changes the baseline amount of water that’s available to us, because it sends water back into the sky.”

[As water runs dry, Californians brace for a new way of life]

Lightning strikes on parched earth are igniting wildfires all over the state. There are so many blazes that firefighters from across the world are rushing to help put them out.

In the Central Valley, the land is so dry that  farmers are drilling deep into the soil to extract groundwater to irrigate crops. The drilling and pumping are drawing down aquifers that serve as a sort of liquid bank that the state can rely on when rivers and reservoirs aren’t replenished by rain and snow because of drought.

Farmers have been the targets of critics who say they take too much water, but irrigation actually has environmental benefits, Williams said. It provides moisture that cools the air, offsetting rising heat. But there’s a drawback. When too much is drained, the state loses its artificial moisture, making the air even hotter.

The current drought is the most severe on record, state officials say, and 2014 was the hottest year in state history. Snowpack levels that recharged aquifers was near zero in the Sierra-Nevada and there’s little rainfall. As the water supply in dozens of metropolitan reservoirs drops to historic lows, Californians are hoping that a giant El Niño weather pattern forming in the Pacific Ocean will deluge the state with rain next winter.

But even a large seasonal gusher would only delay the inevitable — a future of longer and more frequent droughts in California, numerous researchers have said.

In February, researchers at NASA and Cornell and Columbia universities predicted that California and the Southwest would slip into a 30-year megadrought by 2050 if greenhouse gas emissions are not curtailed.

A month later, researchers at Stanford University said Californians by then will be well accustomed to drought. They used historical data to predict that average temperature increases would continue, quickly evaporating average precipitation that will remain steady and increasing the likelihood of prolonged dryness.

Scientists have been reluctant to link the state’s drought to global warming, saying there was not enough data to support such a conclusion. But the current study is part of a growing body of evidence that’s changing the minds of researchers.

[A megadrought will grip the Southwest in coming decades, scientists say]

Williams said his team read all the studies and sought to answer whether or not global warming was having an immediate impact. “We didn’t look at the future at all. This is a study about now,” he said.

They analyzed month-to-month climate data between 1901 and 2014 to find fluctuations in precipitation, wind, temperature and humidity. The study, published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, said average temperatures in California have increased by 2.5 degrees Fahrenheit over 113 years. And, starting in the 1960s, heat increased with the introduction of more greenhouse gases from automobiles and other sources.

Richard Seager, a climate scientist at Columbia’s Earth Observatory; John T. Abatzoglou, an associate professor at the University of Idaho; and Benjamin I. Cook, a research scientist for NASA’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies, were co-authors of the study.

“When greenhouse gases accumulate, it’s like a bully showing up at your door to demand that you give it more and more every year,” Williams said. In California, that meant more moisture, evaporating from rain and ground water sprayed on crops in farming regions such as the Central Valley.

After a century, the effects of warming are becoming more noticeable in the current drought. “The current drought would be bad without the bully,” Williams said, referring to global warming. With it, the problem can become catastrophic.

Williams said the state, which only loosely regulates the withdrawal of groundwater by farms and other sources of agriculture, should act more aggressively in policing its use, attaching higher fees for removing it, and fines for overdoing it. State officials who’ve been diligent on capping greenhouse gas emissions might consider tougher regulations to avoid more severe drought.

Noah Diffenbaugh, author of the Stanford study, called the Earth Institute study “a step forward,” saying it was based on firm data showing “that temperature makes it harder for drought to break, and increases the long-term risk.”

Amir AghaKouchak, a hydrology professor at the University of California at Irvine who said in June that science did not support connecting the drought to warming, said the report’s results show that human influences are having an effect.

With a stunning 7 million acres burned so far, the U.S. wildfire situation is looking dire

Power companies may have found a new way to crack into the solar business

For more, you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here, and follow us on Twitter here.",1
3792,Arizona cop's body cam captures fatal encounter with suspect,"Newly released video captured by an Arizona police officer’s body camera captures the chilling moment when a deranged suspect drew a gun and fired the bullet that killed the officer last month.

Rookie Flagstaff Police Officer Tyler Stewart’s camera caught the entire, deadly encounter with Robert Smith, whose girlfriend had called police on Dec. 27 to report he had trashed her apartment. The video, released by the police department in response to Freedom of Information Act requests, begins with Stewart getting out of his squad car and ends with Smith pointing the gun at him and firing.

Smith then shot himself dead, and Stewart, who was 24, later died at a hospital.

""Officer Stewart was murdered by Smith without any provocation or warning,"" Sgt. Margaret Bentzen told the Arizona Daily Sun. ""There were no homicidal or suicidal indications from Smith prior to the crime.""

The frightening, 14-minute video comes as the Justice Department is encouraging police departments around the nation to invest in the body cameras following high-profile cases in which police have been criticized, including last August’s police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo.

Stewart and Smith speak outside Smith's Flagstaff home on Dec. 27 for about three minutes as Smith stands with his hands in his jacket pockets. When Stewart asks him if he has any weapons on him, Smith replies, “No, sir. I'm just cold,” and says he only has “smokes” in his pocket.

Stewart then calmly asks if he can check Smith for weapons. When he reaches toward him, Smith draws a .22-caliber revolver from his right pocket and fires six times at Stewart. Five shots hit Strewart, four in the head and one in the lower back.

One of Smith's roommates told police that Smith had been contemplating suicide, according to police reports.

Stewart had gone to Smith’s girlfriend’s home earlier, but the man who would later kill him was gone. The cop then went to Smith's home, where his roommate said Smith had fled, according to a police report. Records indicate that about an hour later, at 12.30 p.m., Smith called the Flagstaff Police Department and left a message for Stewart, who then went back to Smith’s home where the fatal encounter took place.

“This is an enormous tragedy for our department and the family of our officer,” Flagstaff Police Chief Kevin Treadway told AZ Central. “We are a very close-knit organization, and know that all members of the Flagstaff Police Department are grieving at this time.”

Release of the frightening footage raises questions about balancing the public's right to know against privacy concerns of police officers and their families, according to Levi Bolton Jr., executive director of the 14,000-member Arizona Police Association. On Wednesday, Bolton met with state lawmakers to discuss the cameras and how best to handle disclosure of footage that may show innocent bystanders, undercover police or informants or, as in Stewart's case, the final moments of an officer's life.

""We are currently crafting or looking at legislation that may very well discuss this,"" Bolton told reporters. ""We acknowledge that the public and the media should have access to this information.""

A fund to help Stewart's family has been established and those wishing to donate can do so at any Wells Fargo Bank, according to the Flagstaff Police Department. The account number is 7764473984.",1
2770,Sinjar: Kurds try to retake key Iraqi town from ISIS,"Sinjar, Iraq (CNN) Plumes of smoke blackened the sky above Sinjar as Kurdish forces, backed by intense coalition air support, tried Thursday to take back the northern Iraqi town from ISIS .

The operation includes up to 7,500 Peshmergas -- the Kurdish military force -- who are attacking the city from three sides to take control of supply routes, according to the Kurdish Region Security Council.

CNN senior international correspondent Nick Paton Walsh is with one of the three fronts of fighters who launched their liberation operation early Thursday morning against a backdrop of airstrikes.

The U.S.-backed coalition Operation Inherent Resolve said coalition aircraft have conducted more than 250 airstrikes across northern Iraq in the last month. The strikes have reportedly destroyed ISIS fighting positions, command and control facilities, weapon storage facilities, improvised explosive device factories, and staging areas.

""A pitch-black sky was lit up by a lot of coalition airstrikes following days of bombing. At dawn, a large procession of Peshmerga started snaking their way through Sinjar mountain and behind it,"" Paton Walsh said.

The coalition strikes were pounding the strategic city itself, he said, with four different columns of smoke darkening the horizon above: ""The strikes on Sinjar almost make the sky over it look black. There's a vast amount of air power -- more intense than the fight for Kobani.""

According to a Pentagon spokesman, U.S. troops are in the field calling in airstrikes from positions in Sinjar.

""The Peshmerga forces are carrying this out with, as you said, the support of coalition advisers. There are U.S. personnel. My understanding is there are coalition advisers from other countries as well participating,"" Pentagon spokesman Peter Cook told reporters.

He added: ""Most of those folks as I understand it are behind the front lines advising and working directly with Peshmerga commanders. There are some advisers who are on Sinjar mountain assisting in the selection of airstrike targets.""

Late Thursday, the Kurdish Region Security Council released a statement detailing the day's operations. It reported that more than 150 square kilometers (60 square miles) had been retaken from ISIS.

""Peshmerga units will continue from three fronts to set up defensive positions, allowing engineering teams to clear the heavily mined area. Peshmerga forces have already achieved two of three strategic goals, dealing a significant blow to ISIL morals,"" it read, using an alternative acronym for ISIS. ""The final objective -- to enter and clear the city -- will be underway soon.""

Reclaiming Sinjar is one big step toward dividing the ""caliphate"" that ISIS claims it is establishing across the region.

The artery that passes through the town links the Iraqi city of Mosul -- ISIS' prized possession -- with cities it holds in Syria.

Paton Walsh said the highway was a key goal for the Kurdish fighters, who were equipped with vehicles ranging from pickup trucks to armored Humvees.

""One of the targets of this offensive is the highway that runs through Sinjar, known as Route No. 47 to many. Now that's very important, not only of course because of what it does to liberate the population of Sinjar -- those who've not fled ISIS rule having endured it now for over a year -- but also because it is a vital supply route towards Mosul, another key target of any future coalition offensive,"" he said.

About 1.5 million people still live in Mosul, where prices are rising and activists report hunger.

The U.S.-backed coalition said ""Operation Free Sinjar"" was aimed at clearing ISIS from Sinjar and seizing portions of Highway 47.

""By controlling Highway 47, which is used by Da'ish to transport weapons, fighters, illicit oil, and other commodities that fund their operations, the Coalition intends to increase pressure on Da'ish and isolate their components from each other,"" it said in a statement. Da'ish is the Arabic acronym for ISIS.

""This operation will degrade Da'ish's resupply efforts, disrupt funding to the terrorist group's operations, stem the flow of Da'ish fighters into Iraq, and further isolate Mosul from Ar Raqqah,"" said coalition spokesman Col. Christopher C. Garver. The Syrian city of Ar Raqqah, also spelled Raqqa, is ISIS' de facto capital.

By Thursday afternoon, the Kurdish fighters pushing toward Sinjar had taken control of a number of villages near the Iraqi town.

""Along that highway there's one village, Kabara, that's been repeatedly hammered by airstrikes in the past hour or so and a lot of Kurdish forces have managed to move into the main road,"" Paton Walsh said. Tweets by Kurdish fighters showed that almost all the vehicles in the village had been ""burned to a crisp.""

Before the push to retake Sinjar began, Kurdish fighters said they knew it wouldn't be easy.

Peshmerga commanders estimate some 600 ISIS fighters are inside Sinjar, with recent reinforcements boosting the militants' numbers. The Kurdish fighters believe they will encounter hundreds of landmines and booby traps.

Paton Walsh said it was unclear how ISIS would respond to the offensive.

""As you've seen in the past, sometimes ISIS have decided that certain fights are not worth them staying for the long haul, and I think there is a certain amount of manpower and mass here -- and also coalition air power, which we heard from the top of Mount Sinjar, during a very dark, cold night yesterday, pound targets consistently around that particular city.""

Paton Walsh said there had been a ""substantial uptick"" in airstrikes on Sinjar in the days leading up to the launch of the offensive.

Speaking to CNN's Fareed Zakaria, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said he's confident Sinjar will fall, but was reluctant to say when.

""But I am convinced that Sinjar will be liberated, as we have liberated Tikrit. And currently the Iraqi forces are moving on Ramadi,"" he said.

""President Obama, at the very beginning, said we're going to degrade and defeat ISIL. We're going to stabilize the countries in the region -- Jordan, Lebanon, work with Turkey -- and we are going to seek a political settlement,"" he said. ""That is exactly the strategy today and it is working -- to a degree -- not as fast as we would like, perhaps, but we are making gains.""

""I think the issue will be for ISIS, given the nature of the offensive -- from three different directions -- quite what their best strategy is: to sit here and try and symbolically hold it as long as they can, or pull out,"" Paton Walsh said.

""ISIS of course may also be feeling pressure on other fronts. There's been a lot of talk about the possibility of a move against Ramadi for the past few months.

""We've not seen any evidence of that at this particular stage but there is a genuine feeling that maybe the coalition -- after months of paralysis, months of calm -- might also slowly be beginning to get some kind of harmony or synchronicity here in terms of moving on separate fronts against ISIS and perhaps stretching what resources they have a little bit thinner.""

A coalition spokesman in Baghdad told reporters later Thursday that Iraqi security forces had begun to encircle Ramadi, with support from coalition air power.

ISIS fighters swept into Ramadi in May, tightening control of Iraq's Anbar province and gaining a base of operations about 110 kilometers (70 miles) away from the capital, Baghdad.

Paton Walsh said the operation to retake Sinjar was important symbolically.

""The Peshmerga here want to show that they can be united with coalition air power, with Western military advisers, who we understand are in their midst here as well, to launch a successful -- and they hope brief -- offensive towards this town, but also strategically, because of what Sinjar could mean in the future, down the line.""

He said the Kurdish fighters appeared optimistic they would take back Sinjar.

""I think the hope amongst the Peshmerga and the coalition is that the level of manpower they have here, their dominance in the skies, means potentially this could be over in days,"" he said. ""But with a town of this size which had tens of thousands living in it before -- which ISIS has had months to prepare for an onslaught against -- this could turn out to be trickier than some are hoping.""

Retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona, a CNN military analyst, agreed that the fight in Sinjar would be slow going.

""They're going to have to slog through this house by house, street by street,"" he said. ""It's going to be very difficult.""

More than a year under ISIS

Since then, Sinjar has become a chaotic jumble of demolished buildings held by ISIS fighters.

""There is no reliable estimate as to how many civilians still live inside of Sinjar,"" Paton Walsh said.

""You can tell how many seem to have fled, from the tents the Yazidis have erected up around Mount Sinjar -- even in this bitter cold -- still enduring a life here, wanting to be near their hometown. But that is the key concern obviously in situations like this. Many will be fearing that the amount of lead-up time has given ISIS adequate ability to ensure the civilian population are in place to assist them in protecting themselves.""

The Peshmerga said they wanted to establish a buffer zone to protect the civilian population, but it was not entirely clear how that would physically work, Paton Walsh said.

With the operation to retake the town looming, some 5,000 Yazidi fighters were mobilized under the command of the Kurdish Peshmerga. Most are farmers; a very few have military experience.

The Yazidis are one of the world's smallest and oldest monotheistic religious minorities. Their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity, Judaism and the ancient monotheistic religion of Zoroastrianism. In ISIS' eyes, they're infidels.

The Yazidis and Kurds have lived side by side for thousands of years and are friendly neighbors.

The Kurds are Sunni Muslims, who have their own unique language and culture. They occupy an autonomous region in northern Iraq, but the Kurdish homeland also covers portions of Iran, Turkey, Armenia and Syria.",1
221,"In the House’s dark hour, Speaker Paul Ryan offers a glimpse of hope","The speaker-elect walked down the center aisle Thursday morning, accepting hugs, kisses, handshakes and applause. Then he did something unexpected: He turned left.

Paul Ryan, the young Wisconsin Republican who in minutes would accept the speaker’s gavel, walked through the Democratic side of the well. He accepted a bear hug from Rep. Gene Green (Tex.) and handshakes from Rep. John Conyers (Mich.) and a half-dozen other African American Democrats. He reached in to greet Rep. Tammy Duckworth (Ill.) in her wheelchair; shook hands with Rep. Sander Levin (Mich.), a frequent critic; and hugged Rep. John Lewis (Ga.), the civil rights icon.

“If you ever pray, pray for each other: Republicans for Democrats and Democrats for Republicans,” Ryan told the House. To laughter, he added: “And I don’t mean pray for a conversion, all right? Pray for a deeper understanding, because when you’re up here, you see it so clearly: Wherever you come from, whatever you believe, we are all in the same boat.”

There was rapt silence when, a moment later, Ryan said: “Let’s be frank. The House is broken. . . . And I am not interested in laying blame. We are not settling scores. We are wiping the slate clean.”

Just about everybody — even, after some hesitation, Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.) — rose and applauded.

I felt goose bumps watching from the gallery, for a most unfamiliar sense of hope had admitted itself to the bitterly divided chamber. In this dark hour for the House, there was a tantalizing glimpse that the institution, which has strayed so far from what the Founders created, could heal itself. Only an ingénue would believe all will be different now. But only the most hardened cynic would dismiss the possibility of what Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-Wash.), in her speech nominating Ryan, called a “fresh start.”

For a day, the ideological freak show was shut down. Only nine Republicans voted against Ryan, a far more unified showing than in January, when 25 opposed John Boehner. For the moment, the Republican speaker was overtly courting Democrats. And for once, Democrats and Republicans were rising in unison to applaud.

“How reassuring it would be,” Ryan told his colleagues, “if we actually fixed the tax code, put patients in charge of their health care, grew our economy, strengthened our military, lifted people out of poverty and paid down our debt.”

Pelosi shrugged and looked around. Finding nothing objectionable in what Ryan had said, she rose and joined in the applause.

It may not be long before Ryan winds up in the same position Boehner was for five years: forced to bring up pointless abortion bills and Obamacare repeals and otherwise placating hard-liners.

But he may be the only one who has a shot at repairing the chamber, because of his youth (he’s 45), his renown (Mitt Romney, on whose ticket Ryan ran in 2012, watched the proceedings as Ryan’s guest in the speaker’s box) and his popularity.

Pelosi, handing the gavel to Ryan, offered “the hand of friendship” from Democrats, and said: “This is the speaker’s house.” She corrected herself: “This is the people’s house.” But her misstatement was apt: For now, at least, this is Paul Ryan’s house.

Ryan benefits from a big parting gift from Boehner, who in his final days infuriated conservatives one last time by negotiating a bipartisan deal that will postpone budget and debt-limit fights until 2017. The outgoing speaker waved a box of tissues to his chuckling colleagues before his farewell speech, and he dabbed his eyes as he pleaded for reason. “Yes, freedom makes all things possible,” he said, “but patience is what makes all things real.”

Boehner was not a great speaker — he was often paralyzed by the right — but he is a good man. His parting boasts about achievements were dubious, but the emotion was real. “I describe my life as a chase for the American Dream,” he said, his voice breaking.

The departing speaker was still wiping his eyes when, standing in the back of the chamber, he heard Pelosi celebrate him as “the personification of the American Dream,” and Ryan accurately call him “a man of character.”

“Now I know how he felt,” Ryan said, confiding that the weight of the office makes him feel that “the moon, the stars and all the planets had fallen on me.” He suggested his colleagues should feel the weight of their offices, too.

“At bottom,” the speaker said, “we vindicate a way of life. We show by our work that free people can govern themselves.”

That proposition is now seriously in question. Let’s all — Democrats, Republicans, liberals and conservatives — pray for Ryan’s success in defending it.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
2766,Iraqi forces appear close to retaking Ramadi from Islamic State,"Government forces appeared close to capturing the capital of Iraq’s largest province from the Islamic State on Monday, dealing a potentially significant blow to the militant group as it loses territory in both Iraq and Syria.

Soldiers and counterterrorism troops stormed into a sprawling government facility in Ramadi, driving the militants out of the area and effectively ending their seven-month occupation of the city, Iraqi officials said.

Television images showed the troops celebrating after their advance, which was aided by airstrikes from the U.S.-led coalition, by raising the Iraqi flag over the compound and slaughtering sheep inside it.

The compound was more symbolic than strategic, but its change of hands appeared to be the decisive blow to the militant group’s hold on the city. Now, government forces appear poised to press their offensive: Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, in a statement congratulating his forces for “defeating” the Islamic State in Ramadi, vowed to take the fight to the group in the country’s second-largest city.

“We are coming to liberate Mosul,” Abadi said.

The Islamic State shocked Iraqis in May when it captured Ramadi, capital of Anbar province. Losing the city would represent one of the most dramatic setbacks suffered by the group since its lightning assault across Iraq in June 2014.

“Daesh are running away now, and all the city is under our control,” said Maj. Gen. Hadi Rzaig, head of the Anbar police force. Daesh is the Arabic acronym for the Islamic State, which is also known as ISIS and ISIL.

Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter congratulated the Iraqi government on its progress in Ramadi but cautioned that the fight against the Islamic State “is far from over.”

The operation to retake Ramadi has produced intense fighting and caused vast destruction in the city, which had a population of more than a million before the Islamic State takeover. It is unclear how many Iraqi troops and civilians have been killed in the battles, which involved fending off the militant group’s waves of suicide bombers.

The governor of Anbar province, Sohaib al-Rawi, estimated that 1,000 Islamic State militants had been killed during months of grinding assaults to retake Ramadi. He called the capture of the government compound “a victory.”

Rebuilding Ramadi, if it can be fully secured by the government, will be no easy task.

Suspicion of Iraq’s Shiite-

dominated government runs high in the Sunni city, whose residents felt abandoned by officials in Baghdad as Islamic State militants mounted their assault in May. Lacking support from the government, Ramadi residents formed community defenses and even purchased their own weapons to defend the city. Islamic State militants killed scores of residents and exacted other forms of retribution on people who were associated with the government, including home demolitions.

But among the Iraqi forces in Ramadi on Monday, the mood was celebratory. Speaking to Iraqi television, Gen. Talib Shigati, a senior commander, thanked his troops and expressed confidence in their abilities.

[Iraqi armed forces see chance for redemption as they close in on Ramadi]

The capture of Ramadi would mark the first time that Iraqi armed forces have seized a city from the Islamic State without the aid of the country’s powerful Shiite militias, which did not participate in the operation because of concerns about sectarian tensions with the city’s mostly Sunni inhabitants.

Lt. Gen Abdulghani al-Assadi, a commander of a counterterrorism unit in the city, said that seizing control of the sprawling compound — which contains provincial and municipal government offices — gave his forces the decisive upper hand. It prompted most of the militants in Ramadi to flee, although he warned that some neighborhoods had “pockets” of apparent Islamic State militants that still had to be confronted.

“We are clearing out the city of booby traps and bombs, but the remaining Daesh fighters are in retreat,” Assadi said, describing the operation as “a historic moment for the Iraqi people and for the Iraqi armed forces.”

The push into Ramadi, about 80 miles west of the capital, Baghdad, underscores the flagging battlefield momentum of the Islamic State. The group has been losing control of territory in Iraq and Syria recently to U.S.-backed Kurdish and Arab opponents.

Army Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, the chief of U.S. Central Command, congratulated Iraqi forces on securing the government complex in Ramadi, calling it “an important operational achievement.” He stopped short of calling it a strategic success, however, perhaps a nod to the tenuous security situation that remains in the city.

Col. Steve Warren, a U.S. military spokesman in Baghdad, said in a different statement that the U.S.-led coalition carried out more than 630 airstrikes to help Iraqi forces advance on Ramadi. Those forces also received help in clearing ­improvised explosive devices and other bombs that the Islamic State deployed against coalition-aligned forces, he said.

Retired Marine Gen. John R. Allen, who served as President Obama’s special envoy to the international coalition against the militants until October, said the success in Ramadi is best viewed not in isolation but as a part of broader regional efforts that have led to Iraqi forces taking back Tikrit, Baiji and other areas from the militants in the past few months. But he added that the victory in recovering Ramadi could be seen as both highly symbolic and physical in Iraq, considering how badly the Islamic State wanted to keep control of it.

Allen predicted that an operation to take back Mosul could begin in months but said it is dependent on what Abadi, the prime minister, wants to do. Obama has committed Apache helicopters and more Special Operations troops to the war, but their use must be balanced against concerns the Iraqis have about not overly “Americanizing” the war, Allen said.

“While Ramadi took a long time to pull off,” Allen said, “I think the Iraqis will come out of this with a greater sense of their capabilities and improved morale. The Iraqis will have to take stock of the state of their security forces as they emerge from Ramadi in terms of their casualties and what their replacement requirements will be, as well as their equipment and materiel losses.”

Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said Monday that liberating Ramadi’s city center was a “major milestone” in the fight against the Islamic State, a significant achievement for Iraqi forces and a tribute to the effort of coalition forces who have assisted them. But he cautioned that much work remains to be done.

“The black flags of ISIL still fly over Mosul, Raqqa and other key parts of Iraq and Syria,” McCain said in a statement. “This threat is also metastasizing across the Middle East, North Africa and South Asia. And it now poses a more direct threat than ever to our homeland and that of our allies, as we have seen in recent terrorist attacks in San Bernardino, Paris, Beirut, Ankara and the downing of the Russian airliner over Sinai.”

McCain added that U.S. commanders estimate that Mosul will not be retaken by the end of next year, and it is unlikely that a local force will emerge in the foreseeable future to seize the Syrian city of Raqqa, the de facto Islamic State capital. He has frequently called in the past for more U.S. involvement, and did so again Monday.

“If our goal truly is to destroy ISIL in the near future, rather than kick the can down the road for others to deal with, the United States must play a far more active role than we are now, especially in supporting local Sunni Arab forces to take the fight to ISIL themselves,” McCain said.

Naylor reported from Istanbul. Brian Murphy and Dan Lamothe in Washington contributed to this report.

Inside the media machine of the Islamic State

Today’s coverage from Post correspondents around the world",1
4622,Clinton campaign blasts James Comey over 'jaw-dropping' double standards at FBI,"The Clinton campaign blasted the FBI director, James Comey, for “jaw-dropping” double standards on Monday after claims that he had sought to withhold evidence of Russian support for Donald Trump for fear of influencing next week’s US election.

In a sharp escalation of their unprecedented war of words with federal law enforcement authorities, Clinton’s key aides contrasted this apparent caution with Comey’s controversial decision to release new details of its investigation into Clinton’s private email server to lawmakers on Friday.

“It is impossible to view this as anything less than a blatant double standard,” her campaign manager, Robby Mook, told reporters, claiming the decision “defied all logic”, especially as other intelligence agencies had favoured disclosure of suspected Russian involvement.

“Through these two decisions he shows he favours acting alone and without consulting … these are not the hallmarks of a responsible investigation,” added Mook.

Both CNBC and the Huffington Post have reported that Comey privately urged against naming Russia for allegedly meddling in the election and hacking Democratic email accounts.

Though this advice has not been confirmed officially, it tallies with the fact the FBI’s name did not appear on a list of US intelligence agencies supporting the allegations.



“A foreign power was trying to undermine the election. He believed it to be true but was against putting it out before the election,” one former official told CNBC. Comey’s position, this official reportedly said, was: “If it is said, it shouldn’t come from the FBI, which as you’ll recall it did not.”



The Clinton campaign called on Comey to “immediately explain this incongruence”.

“He has set the standard for narrating a play-by-play,” added spokesman Brian Fallon. “If that is his way of handling things, he needs to take the same approach to the Trump campaign.”

On Monday night, NBC News reported that the FBI was conducting a preliminary inquiry into former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort’s business ties to Russia, though it was not yet a criminal investigation. Manafort called the report “an outrageous smear being driven by Harry Reid and the Clinton campaign”.

Earlier the White House highlighted concerns over the FBI director’s decision to announce that the bureau was examining whether newly discovered emails may be relevant to its investigation of Clinton’s use of a private email server.



Press secretary Josh Earnest was careful to say that Comey is regarded by Barack Obama as a man of integrity and principle. But he also noted the importance of “longstanding tradition and practice and norms” and warned of the “risk” of communicating with Congress.

Comey has faced a fierce backlash for going public with the new FBI investigation just 11 days before a presidential election, reportedly against the advice and guidelines of the attorney general, Loretta Lynch, and other senior figures at the Department of Justice. On Sunday the FBI obtained a search warrant to begin reviewing the emails, reportedly numbering 650,000 and found on the laptop of Anthony Weiner, estranged husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin.

On Monday, a spokesman for the Office of Special Counsel indicated that the independent federal agency may be investigating Comey over an alleged violation of the Hatch Act, which guards against federal officials seeking to influence an election.

An emboldened Trump has described the revelation as “bigger than Watergate”, but there is little initial evidence the news has upended the presidential race. A Morning Consult/Politico poll carried out after the announcement put Clinton three points ahead, while a CBS/YouGov survey of likely voters in 13 battleground states showed that only 1% of Clinton supporters were less likely to vote for her as a consequence.

Trump claimed on Monday that the FBI had stumbled across a digital “mother lode” and predicted they would discover missing work-related emails that had been deleted from Clinton’s computers.

“Six hundred and fifty thousand [emails]? … I think you are going to find the 33,000 that are missing,” he told supporters in Michigan. “I think we hit the mother lode, as they say in the mining industry.”

Trump urged Comey to resist political pressure. “He’s gotta hang tough because a lot of people think he did the wrong thing, but he did the right thing,” he told the Grand Rapids rally. “I was not his fan but what he did he brought back his reputation.”

“It took guts for Director Comey to do what he did,” he added, to chants of “lock her up” from the crowd.

Trump has seized on signs of momentum to push into once-safe Democratic territory in the industrial midwest. He was also due to speak in Warren in Michigan on Monday before appearing with running mate Mike Pence in Eau Claire, Wisconsin, on Tuesday.

Until his polling gap began to narrow again last week, Trump had been forced back to a dwindling number of swing states, while Clinton eyed Republican territory in Utah, Arizona and Georgia. Renewed optimism among Republicans has created an unusually vast national battleground, particularly as Trump’s economic populism scrambles traditional demographic dividing lines.

Michigan and Wisconsin have both been hit hard by the loss of manufacturing jobs and were the scene of surprise defeats for Clinton in the Democratic primary, when large numbers of blue-collar workers favoured Bernie Sanders. Signs of Democratic nervousness in Wisconsin became apparent last week when the Clinton campaign suddenly announced an advertising blitz. Sanders has been dispatched to help campaign for Clinton in the state on Wednesday.

The impact of early voting may also be forcing Trump to look further afield. States such as a North Carolina have seen heavy early turnout among Democrats and may be relatively immune from any late swing away from Clinton.

If he cannot win North Carolina but picks up Florida and Ohio, Trump’s best hope of pulling off a shock victory will rely on either rustbelt states like Michigan and Wisconsin or, in the north-east, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania and Maine.

Clinton is redoubling her efforts. Two stops on Monday in Ohio were to be followed by three in Florida on Tuesday and another swing to North Carolina later in the week.

“Most people have decided quite a long time ago what they think about all this,” she told a rally in Ohio on Monday. “Now what people are focused upon is choosing the next president and commander-in-chief.”

“I am sure a lot of you may be asking what this email business is about and why in the world the FBI would decide to jump into an election without any evidence and it’s a good a question,” she said, to boos from a young crowd at Kent State University. “By all mean they should look at [the emails] and I am sure they will reach the same conclusion as when they looked at my emails: there is no case.”

Meanwhile, Clinton suffered another blow from a separate source: the ongoing WikiLeaks release of emails from her campaign chairman, John Podesta. The latest batch appeared to show that Donna Brazile, the interim head of the Democratic National Committee and a CNN contributor, gave Clinton a heads up about a likely debate question the day before she was due to take on Sanders in a primary debate.

CNN spokeswoman Lauren Pratapas said: “CNN never gave Brazile access to any questions, prep material, attendee list, background information or meetings in advance of a town hall or debate.”

Brazile has subsequently announced her resignation from CNN.",1
620,Letting Trump and the GOP self-destruct: Hillary and Democrats have the right strategy by laying low,"To be fair, Clinton has been on the ugly end of Republican attacks for decades – a little guardedness is pardonable. But a play-it-safe approach seemed unnecessarily risky against an omnipresent juggernaut like Trump. The Republican nominee’s campaign depends upon free media. In many ways, what Trump says or does with his airtime is irrelevant – the point is to be seen and heard. He can lie and distort with impunity; his supporters don’t care and he dominates headlines all the same.

With that in mind, I suggested Clinton’s plan to lay low and let surrogates do her bidding was a bad idea, and that she ought to steal the spotlight from Trump whenever and wherever she can. The same, I reasoned, was true for Democrats and down-ballot races.

Democrats still shouldn’t take anything for granted, but I no longer believe there’s any reason to compete with Trump for airtime. If we’ve learned anything in the last couple of weeks, it’s that Trump will never morph into a sane, pragmatic candidate. He was never going to conform to political norms, but one assumed he would tone it down a bit as we approached November. Instead, he’s quadruple downed on his racist comments about a Mexican-American judge and, more recently, accused President Obama of being a Muslim Manchurian candidate who may or may not be complicit in the recent terror attacks in Orlando.

Now that Trump is speaking to a general electorate, he’s paying a higher price for his racist drivel. Indeed, the latest NBC News/SurveyMonkey poll finds Hillary Clinton now leading Donald Trump nationally by eight points (49 percent to 41 percent). This gap will grow as Democrats unify and the Republican nominee continues unraveling in public. Even the political press is challenging Trump in ways that appear to have stunted his momentum.

According to a Politico report, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid is now encouraging Democratic senate candidates to sit back and watch Trump discredit himself and everyone associated with him, including GOP candidates who’ve endorsed him. It’s a time-tested strategy: When your enemy is imploding, let him. And that’s what Democrats are doing. Calling it a “shock and blah campaign,” Politico reporter Burgess Everett writes: “The blah comes from the Democratic candidates themselves…They’re intentionally playing it safe and boring, figuring their elections will mostly be a referendum on Trump and that animosity toward the real estate magnate will put them over the top in key swing states.” To the extent that Democrats are attacking at all, they’re keeping it simple. Every interview, every question, and every speech returns to a common theme: Look who’s at the top of the Republican ticket? Is this what the GOP stands for? Is this a candidate Republicans are willing to co-sign? “If there was ever a national election,” said Dem. Senator Chuck Schumer, “This is it.” Trump’s campaign is a dumpster fire riding a wave of nativist angst. Why not make every race on the ballot a referendum on him? What works for Democratic senate candidates will also work for Hillary Clinton. There are obvious differences between senate races and a presidential contest, but the general strategy ought to work in both domains. Clinton will have to face the cameras and engage much more than down-ballot candidates. However, if this is who Trump is going to be, then merely looking and sounding like an adult will be enough for Clinton.",1
1656,Dear GOP: Hire me and I’ll give you the debate of your dreams,"I write to you in your capacity as debate negotiator for Republican presidential candidates. I understand you may have an opening for a moderator for your Feb. 26 debate. Please consider this letter my application for the job.

I applaud Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus’s decision to suspend NBC as a debate host because of the “mean” and “gotcha” questions CNBC asked at last week’s debate. I feel passionately that a debate is neither the time nor the place for hard questions, and as debate moderator I will rigorously adhere to gentle and affectionate questioning.

I also share Donald Trump’s outrage that Telemundo, a Spanish-language outlet, would be allowed to co-host the February debate even though a Telemundo journalist had the gall to challenge Trump about the rapists and criminals he says Mexico sends to America. Let me assure you that, as debate moderator, I would not challenge Trump or any other candidate on this or any factual matter. I do not even speak Spanish, a claim that had the enthusiastic concurrence of my high school Spanish teacher, Señora Sopanoff.

Furthermore, I have read your draft letter proposing requirements for future debate moderators, and I wholeheartedly and unreservedly commit to abide by every one of them. Specifically, I pledge to meet the following demands you listed:

● Not to allow the temperature in the room to exceed 67 degrees at any time.

● Not to ask any candidate to raise his/her hand at any time.

● Not to ask yes/no questions.

● Not to engage in any “lightning round” questioning.

● Not to allow any camera angles that show the candidates using notes.

● Not to show an empty lectern if a candidate is late in returning from a bathroom break.

● Not to show any “reaction shots” of audience members or of me, the moderator.

● Not to broadcast any graphics or biographical information without the express pre-approval of the candidates.

Additionally, per your list of requirements, I promise:

● To allow all candidates to make opening and closing statements of at least 30 seconds each.

● To allow the candidates unlimited time to rebut one another whenever their names are mentioned.

● To ask an equal number of questions of each candidate, and to guarantee that each candidate receives an equal amount of response time.

As a further inducement to hire me as your moderator, I will go beyond the above-mentioned requirements cited in your letter. You also posed questions about standards for inclusion in the debate, debate length, use of “gong/buzzer/bell,” debate format, stage design, and the type and size of the audience and clothing worn by audience members.

In order to guarantee that this debate will be the thoroughly enjoyable experience for the candidates that we all want it to be, I plan to allow all 15 candidates to debate on the stage at the same time and not to cut off candidates if they exceed their time limits. At the same time, I pledge to hold the overall debate length to 30 minutes, including opening and closing statements, in order to minimize time for gaffes and unscripted remarks. To avoid unhelpful reactions from the audience, I promise to have no audience. I will pipe in artificial applause of precisely the same pre-agreed length and decibel level for all candidates after all answers.

I will submit my questions in advance for pre-approval by the campaigns. No questions will be asked about women, racial minorities or any other issue that might cast the Republican Party in an unfavorable light. There will be no questions about any candidate’s past statements or actions, including but not limited to: bankruptcies, financial difficulties, missed votes and inconsistencies. Candidates will not be required to perform math or to provide supporting evidence for claims. Candidates will be seated in Barcaloungers. If candidates feel overheated, the moderator will fan them while they answer and provide them with their choice of lemon or cucumber ice water. I will begin each question with the phrase “Mother, may I,” and I will address candidates as “Your Excellency,” “Your Eminence” or another honorific approved by the campaigns.

I hope this application meets with your approval. I believe the format outlined above will, after the CNBC debate debacle, truly Make Republicans Look Great Again and return journalists to their proper role as palace courtiers. I am hopeful that I can convince my colleagues at washingtonpost.com to live-stream the debate. Though I cannot promise you that any network will broadcast the debate, I believe this should not be a major impediment. Under the requirements you proposed, very few people will be watching anyway.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
1264,Bernie Sanders' American Dream is in Denmark,"Copenhagen, Denmark (CNN) Open a newspaper on any given day here in this small Europe nation known for high taxes, generous government services and its stubbornly happy citizens, and you'll almost certainly find a story about the U.S. presidential election.

The Danes are following the race with an astounding level of enthusiasm and interest in part because Bernie Sanders, one of the leading candidates for the Democratic nomination, won't stop talking about them.

Sanders has proudly adopted the label of a ""democratic socialist,"" and he has pointed to Denmark as a model for his vision of an ideal American future.

In Denmark, there is a very different understanding of what ""freedom"" means... they have gone a long way to ending the enormous anxieties that comes with economic insecurity.

At a presidential debate hosted by CNN in October, Sanders brought up Denmark and the surrounding Scandinavian states when asked to describe what ""democratic socialism"" means to him.

""I think we should look to countries like Denmark, like Sweden and Norway,"" Sanders said, ""and learn what they have accomplished for their working people.""

""We are not Denmark,"" Hillary Clinton responded.

""In Denmark, there is a very different understanding of what 'freedom' means,"" Sanders wrote, arguing the U.S. could learn from the way the Danes have ""gone a long way to ending the enormous anxieties that comes with economic insecurity.""

""Instead of promoting a system which allows a few to have enormous wealth, they have developed a system which guarantees a strong minimal standard of living to all -- including the children, the elderly and the disabled,"" Sanders added.

While the Danes are flattered by all the attention, they want to ensure that the love coming from Sanders doesn't confuse people into thinking they describe themselves ""socialists,"" too. Sanders has clarified that his democratic socialism is not the same as ""socialist"" in the traditional sense of a purely government-controlled economy. But that hasn't stopped Danish leaders from ensuring there is no misconception about their own system.

""I would like to make one thing clear,"" Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen said recently in a speech at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government. ""Denmark is far from a socialist planned economy. Denmark is a market economy.""

But it is a market with many differences from the United States. All Danish citizens have access to child care, state-guaranteed medical and parental leave from work, free college tuition in which students receive a paycheck from the government during enrollment, free health care and a generous pension, all of which Sanders supports.

""Free"" is actually the wrong word to describe these services. Danes pay some of the highest taxes in the world, including a 25% tax on all goods and services, a top marginal tax rate hovering near 60%. The top tax rate in the U.S., by comparison, is less than 40%.

But there are aspects to the Danish model that you would never see on Sanders' policy platform. As a small country heavily reliant on trade, Denmark imposes minimal tariffs on foreign goods. Businesses here are only lightly regulated. The corporate tax rate is much lower than in the United States, which has one of the highest in the world. There's not even a minimum wage in Denmark, although most workers are paid high salaries in large part due to the strength of labor unions. And in the past few years, Danish voters elected a right-of-center government, which has been instituting reforms that have put tighter restrictions on access to the long-held safety net.

The recent changes have caught the attention of conservative and libertarian think tanks in North America that rank levels of economic freedom around the world. Over the past few years, studies conducted by the Heritage Foundation, Wall Street Journal, the Cato Institute and the Canadian Fraser Institute have ranked Denmark as having actually more economic freedom than the United States.

In terms of pure semantics, few Danish politicians today would characterize themselves as ""socialist""--even a ""democratic socialist""--as Sanders does. The word has largely fallen out of fashion in recent decades.

""When I hear Bernie Sanders talk about himself as a democratic socialist, it's a little bit 1970s,"" said Lars Christensen, a Danish economist known here as an outspoken critic of his homeland's model. ""The major political parties on the center-left and the center-right would oppose many of the proposals of Bernie Sanders on the regulatory side as being too leftist.""

Could the U.S. adopt the Danish model?

As even Sanders has conceded, the differences between the United States and Denmark are striking. In many ways, Denmark's success depends on its small size. The country has a population of just 5.6 million -- about the same as Minnesota's -- and its territory makes up just 16,000 square miles, about half the size of South Carolina. By comparison, the United States has a population of more than 300 million and encompasses 3.8 million square miles.

Unlike the United States' diverse population of immigrants, Denmark is ethnically homogenous -- nearly 90% are of Danish ancestry, according to The Danish Ministry of Social Affairs and Integration -- making political consensus easier than in the United States.

""I think this system is only possible because we essentially are all the same,"" said Christensen. ""Maybe if you wanted to introduce such a scheme in Utah, you could do that. But doing it across the U.S., I find it completely and utterly impossible just for the mere fact that Americans are all so different.""

Danish citizens also seem to have a higher comfort level and trust in government than in the United States. One would be hard-pressed to find a mainstream Danish politician who would agree with Ronald Reagan's axiom that, ""the nine most terrifying words in the English language are, 'I'm from the government and I'm here to help.""

While Americans have a deep-seated distrust of government that was imprinted on the nation's soul in the Bill of Rights, the Danish just don't view their government's size as a recipe for tyranny.

""The question is not how much tax you pay or how big your government is, it's whether it works,"" Lidegaard said. ""It's whether you get return on your payment. We pay a lot of taxes, but we get a lot in return.""

The Danish also participate in the democratic process on a scale unheard of in the United States. More than 85% of Danish citizens participated in the nation's general election in 2015; Only 55% of Americans went to the polls in 2012.

Sanders would also probably have concerns with the way Denmark has handled the European migrant crisis.

Fearful that the thousands of refugees pouring in the European Union from Iraq and Syria could threaten their society, the Danish government has gone to great -- and controversial -- lengths to dissuade migrants from settling in their country.

The most problematic move came when the government passed a law that would grant the state the right to seize possessions worth more than the equivalent of about $1,500 from refugees settling in Denmark who seek aid from the government. The law includes a carve-out for items of ""special sentimental value,"" but the critical reaction from human rights groups was swift and punishing.

The law also increases the number of years refugees would have to wait to bring family members into the country and it made it more difficult for them to obtain permanent residency. Its passage comes amid the rise of the right-wing Danish People's Party, which has made combating immigration a chief priority.

""There is an inherent contradiction between a welfare state where all your life you pay taxes to have coverage -- health, social costs, etc. -- and then being in the country as a migrant only part of your life,"" said Lidegaard. ""The problem with the law -- and there is one -- is that it's trying to send a signal: Immigrants in Europe, don't go here. Don't come to Denmark. The signal sent that way is a stupid signal to send. That's the purpose of the law. It's not a practical measure.""

Before the law passed, Denmark's Ministry of Immigration, Integration and Housing published ads in Arab and English-language newspapers in Lebanon, where more than 1 million Syrian refugees live, warning immigrants that Denmark will be an unwelcoming place for them.

The fear, generally, is that the foreign culture brought by the refugees would not align with traditional Danish customs and disrupt the recipe for what makes the welfare state possible.

""There is a limit to how many immigrants we can take in from a different culture who don't speak the language and how fast we can turn them into becoming citizens that are part of society, that are able to function and contribute to the wealth of our society,"" said Lidegaard.""So we have a lot of focus now on how we integrate newcomers. How we turn immigrants into citizens who are part of production, part of taxpaying, part of paying the bill.""

The Danes are watching us

Even though Danes are eager participants in their own elections, the amount of time they spend watching and discussing our elections is a phenomenon to behold.

""American politics is really, really popular in Denmark,"" said Anders Agner Pedersen, a Danish journalist who edits Kongressen, a news outlet that exclusively American politics for a Danish audience. ""It basically is in the news every day.""

Pedersen, who has to stay up all night to watch American presidential debates and state primary returns from Denmark, is swamped with bookings on Danish television and radio programs to explain the election process and analyze the daily horse race. He recently hosted what he thought would be a small salon session to discuss the primaries at a Copenhagen restaurant and was shocked when more than 100 Danes showed up to get their American political fix.

""You guys do quite a good show,"" he said of the American election process.

Sanders isn't the only candidate the Danes are talking about. Donald Trump is a source of constant fascination -- and perhaps even a little terror -- in the Nordic region. In January, when three young children who call themselves the ""USA Freedom Kids"" dressed up in red, white and blue and performed a song-and-dance number about Trump at one of his rallies in Florida, the video skyrocketed throughout Danish social media.

And just this month, Ted Cruz set Danish media aflame when he suggested that Donald Trump was so unhinged he's liable to drop an atom bomb on Denmark. The Danes were bewildered: Why us?

As the campaign marches on with Trump still riding high in the polls, his ongoing success is starting to become a concern here.

""In the beginning I thought it was a joke. Then we realized people were voting for Trump,"" Jonas Pedersen, a medical student at the University of Copenhagen, said.

Another medical student, Helena Boegh, said, ""That some people would actually vote for Donald Trump and in the same country would vote for someone who likes the system we have in Denmark -- that really says something about America.""",1
4820,Campaign 2016 is divisive: What it says for the future,"As the GOP becomes whiter, older, and more religious, Democrats become more diverse, younger, and less religious. The next president faces a daunting challenge bridging that gap.

GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump states that he believes President Obama was born in the United States at a campaign event in Washington, Sept. 16, 2016.

Whoever wins the presidency this Election Day, they will be faced with leading a partisan American electorate increasingly divided by race, religion, and other basic demographic measures.

In many ways the two great parties that govern America are like two icebergs slowly floating farther and farther apart. In their makeup they are less alike than at any time in the past quarter-century, notes a new Pew Research Center study. The distance between them is likely to continue to grow in the years ahead.

“The fundamental demographic changes taking place in the country – an aging population, growing racial and ethnic diversity and rising levels of education – have reshaped both party coalitions,” according to Pew’s new Election 2016 report.

And campaign 2016 isn’t helping the nation get ready to handle the inevitable disagreements that will arise from this division. If anything, it is making partisanship worse.

Donald Trump’s “birther” swap on Friday, in which he dropped the lie that President Obama might have been born in Kenya while asserting – falsely – that Hillary Clinton was the first to make that charge, will almost certainly further inflame African-American voters (among others). Hillary Clinton’s labeling of half of Trump’s voters as a “basket of deplorables” has infuriated some of his supporters, leading them to embrace the tag “Les deplorables” in defiance.

“There is no evidence that the campaign will do anything to reduce the partisan polarization that has blocked progress on vital national problems. On the contrary, it seems likely to deepen the crisis of governance that has hobbled the United States for much too long,” writes William A. Galston, a senior fellow in governance studies at the Brookings Institution, in a study of the problems facing the next administration.

Think of the changes affecting the makeup of the parties this way: The Republican Party is becoming whiter, older, and more religious than the country as a whole. The reverse is true for the Democratic Party, which is becoming diverse, younger, and less religious faster than the US population.

Take race. These changes do not mean the GOP is becoming the all-white party. Instead, they mean that the racial makeup of the two parties is becoming more and more dissimilar, as racial minorities disproportionately favor Democrats.

In 2008, whites made up 88 percent of all Republicans and Republican-leaning voters in the US, according to Pew’s data. By 2016, that had slipped two percentage points, with whites making up 86 percent of the GOP coalition.

On the other end of the political spectrum, whites made up 64 percent of Democrats and Democratic-leaners when President Obama was elected in 2008. They are only 57 percent of the Democratic coalition today – a seven percent drop over the period of Obama’s two terms.

The same trend holds for age, with Republicans becoming relatively older; education, with college-educated voters declining as a percentage of the GOP and increasing as a percentage of the Democratic vote; and religion. Fully 29 percent of the Democratic coalition now rates itself as atheist, agnostic, or nothing in particular. The corresponding figure for the GOP is 12 percent.

“Summing up, Democrats are becoming the party of minorities and college-educated whites while Republicans are becoming the party of whites with lower levels of education,” writes William Galston of Brookings.

These groups aren’t just divided by inflammatory, nonsubstantive wedge issues. They have real differences of outlook and interest, Galston notes.

Minorities are more likely than whites to support affirmative action. College-educated voters are perhaps more likely than the non-college-educated to support increased federal aid for education. Religious voters are more likely to oppose abortion. And so on.

Overall, the Democratic coalition is more comfortable with diversity, believes that the present is better than the past, and looks forward to the future with optimism. The Republican coalition sees increasing diversity as a threat, prefers past decades over today, and looks ahead with foreboding.

“These are differences of kind, not degree, and they create a gap that the winner of the 2016 presidential election will find it hard to narrow unless he or she focuses on an agenda of national reconciliation starting on Day 1 of the transition,” according to Galston.",1
1583,Donald Trump’s white fascist brigade: His rallies are now a safe space for racism,"At least a half-dozen attendees shoved and tackled the protester, a black man, to the ground as he refused to leave the event. At least one man punched the protester and a woman kicked him while he was on the ground. All of the attendees who were involved in the physical altercation with the protester were white. The protester appeared to be shouting “black lives matter” and later removed his sweatshirt to reveal a shirt with those words. At least one attendee shouted “all lives matter” as the protester was eventually led out by police officers on the scene…

Mercutio Southall Jr., the man who was assaulted, offered these additional details:

The Black Lives Matter protester attacked during Donald’s Trump’s Birmingham rally said he was punched, kicked and called “n****r” while a group of eight or nine people were on top of him…” He said people encircled him, and he was being pushed and punched from every direction. Someone hit him from behind, and the next thing he knew, he was at the bottom of pile. He was kicked in the stomach, and the chest, both men and women. “I got enough people off of me that I was able to get up a little bit,” he said. “Somebody got behind me and started trying to choke me out.”… Southall said he was repeatedly called a “n****r” and “monkey” and told his life doesn’t matter.

“Maybe he should have been roughed up, because it was absolutely disgusting what he was doing,” Trump said on the Fox News Channel on Sunday morning. “I have a lot of fans, and they were not happy about it. And this was a very obnoxious guy who was a trouble-maker who was looking to make trouble.”

In their current state of outrage about anti-racism protests at America’s colleges and universities, “political correctness,” and Black Lives Matter activism, movement conservatives are refighting the Culture Wars of the 1960s and 1980s. Once more, the university is their enemy both because of the American right’s deeply rooted anti-intellectualism, as well as how it is one of the few spaces where women, gays and lesbians, and people of color are (incorrectly) imagined as having a voice and some pittance of power.

Because conservatives exhibit a high degree of social dominance behavior, any threat to what they view as “the natural order of things” is met with fear, a sense of victimization, and feelings of hostility. This dynamic helps to explain the right-wing’s current obsession with “political correctness” and “safe spaces.” It also reveals the glaring difference between how movement conservatives and liberally minded people understand the world, and the language they use to describe it.

As originally used and intended by liberals and progressives, a “safe space” is one where non-whites, gays and lesbians, women, the differently-abled, and other stigmatized groups and individuals, can be momentarily free from harassment, marginalization and discrimination.

Liberals use the phrase “political correctness” to describe a basic principle that individuals should try to treat one another with dignity and respect.

Conservatives (who of course practice their own type of ideological orthodoxy as “political correctness”) are enraged by these notions because they view them as a limitation on their ability to demean, harass and abuse other people.

Moreover, conservatives are especially upset by “political correctness” because it is often an assertion of agency and a demand for respect from marginalized groups against dominant, white, male, institutional authority. The divergent reaction to “safe spaces” and “political correctness” from conservatives and liberals also signals to another socio-political fact. American society is structured around maintaining, promoting, and protecting unearned advantages, life opportunities, and resources for white people. As viewed through the lens of the color line, almost every aspect of American life is a “safe space” for white people. This “safe space” for whiteness is reinforced by many factors, including, but not limited to, the mass media, residential and housing segregation, racially homogeneous interpersonal social networks, as well as a racist “criminal justice” system. And when this protective bubble of white privilege is pierced, or in any way challenged, many white folks respond in extremely negative, hostile, and immature ways. When people tell and show you who they really are, you had best pay close attention. When Black Lives Matter protesters exercised their constitutionally protected right of free speech at Hillary Clinton’s and Bernie Sanders’ rallies earlier this year, they were not physically assaulted by those in attendance. In contrast, when Black Lives Matter and other protesters have intervened at Donald Trump rallies they have been met with thuggish violence by his public. It is also telling that Donald Trump’s supporters began to triumphantly yell “all lives matter” while Mercutio Southall Jr. was taken away by police. This slur is a rejection of the basic principle driving Black Lives Matter: African-Americans should have same the full and equal human rights, protections, and freedoms as whites. Any other civic arrangement should be unacceptable in a country that purports to be the greatest country on Earth. To stand against Black Lives Matter is to agree that black people should in fact be second class citizens in their own country. Consequently, it has become abundantly clear in recent months that “All Lives Matter” is the new “White Power!” for the Age of Obama. Research on political attitudes, values, and American history has repeatedly demonstrated the many ways that conservatism and racism is now the same thing in post-civil rights era America. The rise of the Tea Party, the GOP’s extreme rightward shift, vicious and ugly racially driven animus and conspiracy theories towards Barack Obama, the efforts to destroy the gains of the civil rights movement, and now the Know-Nothing-like xenophobia and prejudice against non-white immigrants and Syrian refugees are current events as an example of the Republican Party’s white supremacist orientation and brand. [This is seen online as well. The YouTube clip of the fracas in Birmingham, Alabama, has hundreds of comments—many of them are overtly racist, use racially violent anti-black language, lie about how “Black Lives Matter” is a “terrorist organization,” and deploy the slogans “White Power” and “All Lives Matter” interchangeably.] And because he appeals to the most strident, immature, and reactionary part of the American right-wing id, Donald Trump’s rallies are safe spaces — for nativism, white racism, and increasingly, violence.",1
2017,Inside Hillary Clinton's 2016 plan,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
3267,Senators pledge to amend House bill after some NSA powers halted,"The legal authority for several national security programs expired at midnight Sunday and will not be renewed for at least two days, after Senate Republicans leaders were unable to maneuver around Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), a presidential candidate who followed through on a pledge to block an extension of the law.

The Senate closed a rare Sunday session without approving the only legislation that would have averted a lapse in the authority — a House-passed bill that would provide for an orderly transition away from the most controversial program authorized under the current law: the National Security Agency’s bulk collection of call records from telephone companies.

Spurred by the impending deadline, senators voted overwhelmingly, 77 to 17, to proceed with the measure Sunday, a week after they didn’t act on it before starting a week-long recess. But Paul, under Senate rules, was able to delay final passage of the bill until at least Tuesday.

On Monday, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) reiterated his preference to have the Senate pass the already-approved House bill, without any amendments, so that it can be sent to President Obama’s desk quickly for its enactment into law. “I still think the best advice for them is to pass our bill,” McCarthy told reporters Monday morning. He declined several opportunities to say whether he would accept any changes by the Senate, which would require the House to reconsider the anti-terror legislation.

“The best option for the protection of this country is to pass our bill,” he said.

Immediately after the vote, Paul took the floor and began his remarks by conceding that the measure he opposes would eventually pass. But after he left the floor, he declared victory because the House bill, known as the USA Freedom Act, would end the government’s collection of phone records.

“The point we wanted to make is, we can still catch terrorists using the Constitution,” he said. “I’m supportive of the part that ends bulk collection by the government. My concern is that we might be exchanging bulk collection by the government [with] bulk collection by the phone companies.”

During an early-morning session on May 23, Paul used his powers under Senate rules to foil Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s efforts to extend the existing authority for 60 days, a week, or even one day. On Sunday, he objected to a proposal from McConnell (R-Ky.) that would have extended less-controversial surveillance programs while the debate about the NSA telephone program continued.

That prompted a fiery floor speech from McConnell, who accused Paul and other opponents of the NSA program of engaging in a “campaign of demagoguery and disinformation” prompted by the “illegal actions” of former NSA contractor Edward Snow­den.

“We shouldn’t be disarming unilaterally as our enemies grow more sophisticated and aggressive,” said McConnell, who has endorsed Paul for president and looked directly at Paul at times as he delivered his remarks. He later made procedural moves to prevent Paul from offering amendments he has sought to the pending bill.

The NSA’s collection of phone records began in secret after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and was later authorized, also in secret, by a court under Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act — the provision that is set to expire. The continuation of the program and its justification were revealed in 2013 by Snowden.

Until Sunday, McConnell had resisted taking action on the House bill, arguing alongside other key Republican senators that it would not do enough to preserve necessary counterterrorism capabilities.

Those senators on Sunday pledged to amend the USA Freedom Act to provide further assurances that intelligence officials will have timely access to the phone records, even if they remain in private hands. If the bill is amended, it would go back to the House, whose leaders have resisted any suggestion that more changes are needed, further extending the lapse in authority.

House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) on Sunday repeated calls for the Senate to pass the USA Freedom Act, which would provide for an orderly transition away from the bulk collection program and cleared the House earlier this month by an overwhelming vote of 338 to 88.

“Al-Qaeda, ISIL and other terrorists around the globe continue to plot attacks on America and our allies,” Boehner said, using an acronym for the Islamic State. “Anyone who is satisfied with letting this critical intelligence capability go dark isn’t taking the terrorist threat seriously. I’d urge the Senate to pass the bipartisan USA Freedom Act, and do so expeditiously.”

CIA Director John Brennan said Sunday that the expiring programs are “integral to making sure that we’re able to stop terrorists in their tracks.”

“I think that there has been a little too much political grandstanding and crusading for ideological causes that have skewed the debate on this issue,” he said on CBS’s “Face the Nation.” “But these tools are important to American lives.”

Brennan said “terrorist elements” are watching Congress’s actions “very carefully” and are “looking for the seams to operate within.”

“This is something that we can’t afford to do right now, because if you look at the horrific terrorist attacks and violence that is being perpetrated around the globe, we need to keep our country safe,” he added.

After the Senate adjourned Sunday, White House press secretary Josh Earnest in a statement called on senators to “ensure this irresponsible lapse in authorities is as short-lived as possible.”

“On a matter as critical as our national security, individual senators must put aside their partisan motivations and act swiftly,” he said. “The American people deserve nothing less.”

The USA Freedom Act is the product of months of compromise between Republicans and Democrats, the administration and privacy groups. Under it, the NSA would stop gathering billions of call records — their times, dates and durations, but not their content. Instead, the phone companies would be required to adapt their systems so that they could be queried for records of specific terrorism suspects based on individual court orders. The bill also would renew other expiring investigative powers that the FBI says are critical.

But Paul, who wants the NSA program ended outright, and a handful of senators who prefer that the NSA program remain as is, effectively blocked action on the bill until Sunday. McConnell had counted on the impending deadline to force at least a short-term extension of the current law, but Paul and a few other senators blocked any stopgap.

On the Senate floor Sunday afternoon, Minority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) lambasted McConnell for a lack of “strategy, planning and open lines of communication.”

Reid said the expiration of the Patriot Act provision can’t be blamed on Paul, who has long been an outspoken critic of overreach by the NSA. “We’re in this mess today because of the majority leader,” Reid said Sunday. “My friend from Kentucky simply didn’t have a plan. That’s why we’re here.”

Elizabeth Goitein, a national security expert at New York University Law School’s Brennan Center for Justice, said McConnell “badly overplayed his hand.”

“He gambled that he could wait until the last minute and ram through a short-term reauthorization of the Patriot Act, and he lost,” she said. “By the time he tried to backpedal and move the USA Freedom Act forward, it was too late.”

Some of the tools that are set to lapse are not controversial and have been renewed in the past, President Obama said in his radio address. They include the ability to seek a “roving wiretap” to keep up with suspected terrorists or spies who constantly switch out cellphones. Another power — never used — enables wiretaps on suspected “lone wolf” terrorists who cannot be directly tied to a terrorist group.

One of the most important, officials say, is Section 215. That authority permits the government to obtain all types of records on an individual as long as they are relevant to a foreign terrorism or espionage investigation.

Rep. Adam B. Schiff (Calif.), the top Democrat on the House Select Committee on Intelligence, said national security officials may be able to rely on “workarounds” to the lack of Section 215 authority in some cases but not others. “Unquestionably, there’s going to be a disruption in the capabilities,” he said, adding that the situation “won’t be optimal by any means.”

The USA Freedom Act also would end bulk collection of records under other national security authorities, including national security letters. It would require the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, which meets in secret, to declassify significant legal decisions and provide for an advocate for the public’s privacy rights at the court, which generally hears only the government’s cases for a wiretap or other surveillance order. And it would grant technology companies more leeway to report on the scale of national security data requests.

The bill also contains a six-month transition period during which the NSA would work with phone companies to ensure that they can set up their systems to quickly search for records and send them to the agency.

Since last weekend, NSA wind-down teams were placed on a “hot standby,” which included contacting phone companies with a plan of action for shutting down the bulk collection. The actual shutdown time is about eight hours, officials said.

Paul Kane and Katie Zezima contributed to this report.",1
1468,Dem insiders: Sanders failed to dent Clinton,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4395,"Calif., Ore. allow women to get birth control without a prescription","California and Oregon will be the first states in the nation to allow women to get birth control pills and other hormonal contraceptives directly from their pharmacists – without a doctor's prescription.

As California officials were busy finalizing regulations on a state law passed in 2013, Oregon's governor Kate Brown signed a similar bill into law last week.

The two measures were hailed by women's health advocates. They noted that men have long had an easier time getting birth control, simply purchasing condoms over the counter.

""We support efforts like these that remove barriers to women gaining access to birth control and other reproductive health care,"" said Kathy Kneer, president and CEO of Planned Parenthood Affiliates of California, in a written statement.

She added that hormonal contraception has been widely studied and shown to be safe -- ""so safe that the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists has recommended that it be available over the counter.""

The contraceptives won't be available like cough drops or antacids, however. In California, pharmacists can only dispense them after providing a health screening to women and taking their blood pressure. Oregon will also require a health screening, but the state's specific rules haven't been developed.

The laws differ somewhat. California's law has no age restrictions on patients – minors have the same access as adults. In Oregon, pharmacists may only give new birth control prescriptions to women 18 or older. Women under 18 must show proof of prior birth control prescriptions from a physician. Also, Oregon likely will require pharmacists to undergo more training than the one hour of education required of California pharmacists, said Marcus Watt, executive director of the Oregon State Board of Pharmacy.

California's rules are expected to take effect after Oct 1 and Oregon's law after Jan. 1.

Elizabeth Nash, senior state issues associate at the Guttmacher Institute, a reproductive health think tank, said other states could end up following California's and Oregon's approaches, depending on how they work.

""A lot of eyes are watching what's going to happen next,"" she said.

The laws moved ahead despite partisan debate in Congress over access to birth control. There, members of both parties support legislation allowing over-the-counter access – without any prescription -- but Republican legislation would not require insurers to pay for it.

Democrats say that is an attempt to get around requirements to cover prescription birth control under the Affordable Care Act and would effectively make hormonal contraceptives off limits to many poor women. They have introduced a bill that would require insurance coverage of over-the-counter hormonal contraceptives.

California's regulations and Oregon's law do not address insurance coverage of birth control. But California's pharmacists have voiced concerns that insurers won't pay for time spent screening women and dispensing birth control, as they would for a doctor's visit.

Pharmacists in California say they are preparing for the new regulations and hoping to resolve the reimbursement issue. It has taken nearly two years to develop regulations implementing California's 2013 law, which also allows pharmacists to prescribe other medications that once required a doctor's prescription, including travel medicines, smoking cessation treatments and the opioid overdose antidote naloxone.

The overall expansion of pharmacists' prescribing authority is aimed at relieving the burden on physicians faced with an influx of patients newly insured under the Affordable Care Act.

""Honestly, we're really excited,"" said Ken Thai, part-owner and manager of the El Monte Pharmacy Group, with 10 stores in Southern California. ""Medical clinics in the area are overflowing, with long wait times. We're already doing other services like immunizations and cholesterol checks, and our customers already see us as a resource. We're ready for something like this. It's been a long time coming.""

Until now, California pharmacists could only provide emergency contraception, also known as the ""morning-after pill,"" without a doctor's prescription.

Most major pharmacy chains will likely participate in offering non-prescription birth control because they were involved in developing the protocols, said Virginia Herold, executive officer of the California State Board of Pharmacy.

Representatives from CVS, Walgreens and Costco would not confirm their chains' participation, either declining to comment or saying that they are awaiting the final regulations.

Some patients welcomed the change – glad for the convenience, if nothing else.

""I think it's really wonderful,"" said 26-year-old Anne Wong, who lives in San Francisco. ""It's a drag to have to go to clinic and talk to the doctor to get birth control pills – it takes a chunk out of your day.""

Wong, who at age 17 emigrated with her family from Thailand, said the new access would help women in her community practice safer sex. The topic ""is still taboo,"" Wong said.

But with the new regulations, ""I could just tell my parents I'm going to a store for something. All I'd need to do is just walk to the Walgreens near my house.""

Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation.",1
5218,Justice Department significantly reducing number of federal observers stationed inside polling places,"The Justice Department is significantly reducing the number of federal observers stationed inside polling places in next month’s election at the same time that voters will face strict new election laws in more than a dozen states.

These laws, including requirements to present certain kinds of photo identification, are expected to lead to disputes at the polls. Adding to the potential for confusion, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called for his supporters to police the polls themselves for fraud.

For the past five decades, the Justice Department has sent hundreds of observers and poll monitors across the country to ensure that voters are not intimidated or discriminated against when they cast their ballots. But U.S. officials say that a 2013 Supreme Court decision now limits the federal government’s role inside polling places on Election Day.

“In the past, we have . . . relied heavily on election observers, specially trained individuals who are authorized to enter polling locations and monitor the process to ensure that it lives up to its legal obligations,” Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch told a Latino civil rights group over the summer. “Our ability to deploy them has been severely curtailed.”

In recent months, the Justice Department and civil rights groups have successfully sued to block a number of states, such as North Carolina, that have put in place new voter restrictions that critics say target minority voters. But advocates are worried that these courtroom victories might not be enough to protect voters if the federal government is not able to enforce the law on Election Day.

[Find out what you need to know to vote in your state]

In the 2012 presidential election, the last before the court ruling, the Justice Department sent more than 780 observers and other personnel to polling places in 51 jurisdictions in 23 states to watch for unlawful activity and write up reports about possible civil rights violations. The observers were specially trained by the Office of Personnel Management and were required to be inside polling places.

Justice Department officials say this year they are sending observers to fewer than five states — and to those locations only because the oversight has been ordered by judges in specific cases. Five weeks out from the election, officials said they would not specify the exact number of observers.

There are 14 states where poll workers are being asked to implement new laws, including voter ID requirements, for the first time in a presidential election. Federal observers will not be sent inside polling places in those states.

“It’s a game-changer,” said Kristen Clarke, president and executive director of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law. “Historically, the federal observer program has been a valuable and necessary tool to help prevent intimidation and harassment of minority voters.”

“Without those protections, we’re bracing for the worst,” Clarke said. “All of this unfolds at a moment when we have a presidential candidate who has called for law enforcement and untrained individuals to monitor activity at the polls.”

Trump is encouraging his supporters to sign up on his website to be a “Trump election observer.” He has told supporters in Pennsylvania to be vigilant for voter fraud at the polls, saying that “cheating” is the only thing that will stop him from defeating Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in that battleground state.

“You’ve got to get every one of your friends. You’ve got to get every one of your family. You’ve got to get everybody to go out and watch and go out and vote,” Trump said in August at a rally in Ohio. “And when I say ‘watch,’ you know what I’m talking about. Right? You know what I’m talking about. I think you’ve got to go out and you’ve got to watch.”

Justice Department officials said they had no choice but to cut the number of observers. The Supreme Court’s 2013 Shelby County v. Holder ruling on the Voting Rights Act “curtailed our ability to deploy observers” to states that used to need federal approval before making changes to election or voting laws, said Vanita Gupta, head of the department’s civil rights division.

The Supreme Court’s ruling immediately opened the door for laws with new voting restrictions. Less well known was the effect it had on the Justice Department’s efforts to monitor elections. The government had relied on a key section of the 1965 Voting Rights Act that was invalidated by the Supreme Court for its authority to send observers to states with a history of discrimination.

The court said Congress has to come up with a new formula based on current data to determine which states should be subject to federal oversight. Congress has not yet acted.

“Shelby County significantly impacted the department’s ability to watch for problems while elections are taking place,” according to a Justice Department fact sheet.

The Justice Department in the past has sent two types of lawyers to the polls: observers and monitors. Observers work inside polling places. Monitors, by contrast, are not allowed to go inside polling places unless state officials give them permission.

Despite the court ruling, officials say they can send monitors across the country.

“We will still be able to send out a robust team of monitors this November,” Gupta said.

But J. Gerald Hebert, the executive director of the Campaign Legal Center, said it is critical to have federal observers who can actually go inside the polling places in the same way that candidates and political parties in most states can designate someone to be inside as a poll watcher.

“You have to distinguish between sending a lawyer to a state who sits down at the U.S. attorney’s office and waits for people to call in,” said Hebert, an official in the Justice Department’s voting section for 20 years who went to several states on Election Day to monitor elections. “They’re not in the polling place, and they’re not even at the polling places,” Hebert said of the monitors. “They’re usually downtown at a hotel or a U.S. attorney’s office. That’s a lot different by a long shot than federal observers inside the polling place, because discrimination at the polls doesn’t take place outside.”

Without federal observers, “there’s nobody watching the [other poll] watchers” who can intimidate or challenge voters or slow down the process and, for example, contribute to long lines at lunchtime when voters have limited time to vote and get back to work, Hebert said.

The Justice Department said it will release a phone number and email address for voters to contact if they experience intimidation or harassment.

“We watch carefully, meticulously documenting the voting process with an eye for potential violations of federal statutes that protect the right to vote,” Gupta said. “And we often find that the simple fact of our presence in the jurisdiction helps defuse tension and avoid problems.”

Some voting rights advocates say that the Justice Department did not need to reduce its election observers, because the Supreme Court’s ruling did not specifically mention federal observers. Regardless, advocates have questioned why Lynch revealed over the summer the department’s plans to cut the observers when she spoke to a civil rights group.

“There was no need to announce that it’s open season on voters at the polls because there won’t be any federal observers there inside,” Hebert said.

Getting a photo ID to vote is easy. Unless you’re poor, black, Latino or elderly.

More than 30 states offer online voting, but experts warn it isn’t secure

Inside the Republican creation of the N.C. voting bill dubbed the ‘monster’ law",1
4982,Clinton's health continues to spur controversy and conspiracy,"A two-page letter from Hillary Clinton's doctor a year ago, declaring the former first lady, senator and secretary of state ""fit to serve"" as president has done little to quell doubts about her health amid a gruelling campaign.



Photos of the Democratic presidential nominee being helped up stairs, frequent coughing bouts on the campaign trail and rumors that a 2012 concussion was worse than revealed have made the 68-year old's fitness a campaign issue.

“Hillary Clinton lacks the judgement, the temperament and the moral character to lead this nation,"" Donald Trump said in a recent foreign policy speech. ""Importantly, she also lacks the mental and physical stamina to take on ISIS, and all the many adversaries we face – not only in terrorism, but in trade and every other challenge we must confront to turn this country around.”

Clinton’s health has been a matter of scrutiny since the concussion she suffered while serving as secretary of state. While being evaluated at New York-Presbyterian Hospital, doctors discovered a blood clot inside a vein in her head and prescribed blood thinners, she told ABC News’ Diane Sawyer in 2014.

In part to quash speculation about Clinton’s health, the campaign released a summary of her medical records last summer.

In the July 28, 2015 letter,  Dr. Lisa Bardack, an internist in Mount Kisco, N.Y., described Clinton “as a healthy 67-year-old female whose current medical conditions include hypothyroidism and seasonal pollen allergies.”

Unlike 2008 Republican presidential candidate John McCain who invited reporters to review the full 1,173 pages of his medical records, Clinton released only a summary of her past issues, including an elbow fracture in 2009 and several episodes of deep vein thrombosis.

Clinton’s chief strategist Joel Benenson said the campaign has no plans to release more detailed records, but his position is at odds with many Americans.

A new Rasmussen Reports survey found that 59 percent of voters believe all major presidential candidates should release at least their most recent medical records to the public. That figure is up from 38 percent of Americans in May 2014, when questions about Clinton's health were first being raised.

Thirty percent don’t think candidates should have to release their recent medical records and 11 percent were undecided.

The people may want to see more medical records, but the Clinton campaign just sees right-wing conspiracy. A campaign spokeswoman blamed the health controversy on Roger Stone, a longtime conservative policeal operative who had a formal role as a Trump adviser until he was fired a year ago. Still an unabashed supporter of Trump, Stone is still working to get him elected, say critics.

“Donald Trump is simply parroting lies based on fabricated documents promoted by Roger Stone and his right-wing allies,"" said campaign communications director Jennifer Palmieri. ""Hillary Clinton has released a detailed medical record showing her to be in excellent health plus her personal tax returns since 1977, while Trump has failed to provide the public with the most basic financial information disclosed by every major candidate in the last 40 years.”

Requests for comment from the Clinton and Trump campaigns were not answered. Bardack’s office declined to comment.

“I think the questions being raised are legitimate given that it impacts who leads our nation,"" said Dr. Jan Orient, executive director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons. ""As a physician, you cannot help but to ask questions. But given that our information is limited, it would be wrong for any physician to diagnose someone without seeing them themselves.”

Orient said she has received both positive and negative responses to her recent column on the Association’s blog which asked whether Clinton is “medically unfit” to serve as president.

Television personality Dr. Drew Pinsky told KABC radio this week that he was concerned about the “1950s level of care” that Clinton was receiving and not as much about her actual health.

“It just seems like she’s getting care from somebody that she met in Arkansas when she was a kid,” he added.

While agreeing that a candidate’s health is a serious issue for voters to consider, one Trump advisor warned against either side diagnosing the physical or mental health of the candidates.

“I would be very cautious and would recommend the doctors for professional reasons to be very cautious when deciding you are going to analyze people,” said former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich on Fox & Friends.",1
703,Rubio called Trump a dangerous ‘con man.’ Now he says Trump should be president.,"Over the course of his presidential bid, Sen. Marco Rubio called Donald Trump a “con man” who was “dangerous” and unqualified to control the nation’s nuclear codes. He ridiculed the businessman’s manhood and warned he would “fracture” the Republican Party if he was the nominee.

By March — a few days before Rubio dropped out — the senator from Florida said with a cracking voice that it was “getting harder every day” to envision supporting his rival.

But now Rubio is on board, saying that he plans to attend the Republican convention in Cleveland and that he would be “honored” to help Trump however he can.

“I want to be helpful. I don’t want to be harmful, because I don’t want Hillary Clinton to be president,” Rubio said in a CNN interview that will be aired Sunday.

Long a star of the mainstream conservative movement, Rubio is one of the starkest symbols of the GOP’s rapid capitulation to Trump. Nearly every prominent Republican — from lawmakers to governors to former White House officials — has acquiesced as polling shows Trump’s support building.

Rubio’s shift also comes as GOP leaders are pushing him to reconsider his decision not to seek reelection to the Senate. Rubio has said “maybe” he would run, with conditions.

Trump thanked Rubio indirectly by issuing a tweet Thursday night supportive of a bid: “Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!”

The words are a remarkable about-face for Trump, who spent months during the campaign deriding “Little Marco” as a dishonest lightweight who was “a disaster for Florida” and who “couldn’t get elected dogcatcher.”

Many of Rubio’s supporters were outraged by his support for Trump, saying they felt betrayed by a 44-year-old politician who had campaigned as a young representative of a more optimistic, inclusive GOP. The episode adds to Rubio’s reputation as a shape-shifter who abandoned his own immigration reform bill when it became unpopular among conservatives.

Bryan McGrath, a Hudson Institute fellow who advised Rubio’s campaign on defense issues, noted that Rubio had explicitly said Trump could not be trusted with the nuclear arsenal.

“He said all the things I was thinking and all the reasons I remain dubious about Trump being the president,” McGrath said in an interview Friday. “So to see him bend a knee, it just bothers me and just reinforces the thing that’s getting Trump elected in the first place: the sense that politicians don’t tell the truth or are capable of switching on a dime if it looks like it’s good for them.”

Rubio responded to the criticism with a series of Twitter messages: “If you can live with a Clinton presidency for 4 years thats your right,” he wrote in one. “I cant and will do what I can to prevent it.”

The move came after several phone calls between Rubio and Trump in recent weeks, according to people familiar with their interactions. Some of Trump’s children also reached out to woo Rubio, these people said.

In the CNN interview, portions of which were released Thursday and Friday, Rubio said he would speak on Trump’s behalf if the candidate asked.

“I don’t want Hillary Clinton to be president,” Rubio said. “If there’s something I can do to help that from happening, and it’s helpful to the cause, I’d most certainly be honored to be considered for that.”

He shrugged off questions about his deep policy differences with Trump, who, among other things, has called for the deportation of an estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States.

“Look, my policy differences with Donald Trump — I spent 11 months talking about them. So I think they’re well understood,” Rubio said.

Supporters in Florida said that Rubio’s moves reflect political reality in his state.

“If you are a Republican leader, I think that’s what you have to do. Period,” said Ninoska Perez Castellon, the host of a popular talk show on Miami’s Radio Mambi and a friend of the senator since his days as a West Miami city councilman. “You might not be happy with who the candidate is, but that’s the right thing to do.”

While Trump easily won the Florida GOP primary in March, Rubio prevailed in his home county of Miami-Dade with the support of Cuban American voters. Months later, attitudes have shifted.

Nelson Diaz, chairman of the Miami-Dade GOP, said that a Trump campaign official attended a party meeting Thursday night.

“Everyone in the room was on board,” Diaz said. “When I said we need to unite, everyone was in agreement. There were about 100 local leaders in the room. Not a single person disagreed. Everyone stood up and clapped.”

Many of Trump’s former rivals, including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former neurosurgeon Ben Carson, have endorsed him, but others have not. Former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney remains firmly opposed to Trump and has been involved in talks about finding a third-party challenger. Members of the Bush family — including former Florida governor Jeb Bush, who ran against Trump for the nomination — are not expected to support Trump. House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) reiterated this week that he was not yet ready to endorse him.

On Friday, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) — another former Trump rival — told an Oklahoma radio station that “I am looking and listening to see what the candidates do.”

As Rubio was back in Florida meeting with Venezuelan college students Friday, prominent party officials were pushing him to reconsider his plans to leave the Senate.

The state’s popular chief financial officer, Jeff Atwater, who almost ran for Rubio’s seat, told the Tampa Bay Times that the senator should “pull aside some quiet time and contemplate” running again.

“He would be the best candidate to prevail,” Atwater said.

Brian Ballard, a well-connected Tallahassee GOP lobbyist, said that Rubio is “by far our best chance to hold the seat.”

The aggressive push to recruit Rubio went public this week when one of the top political advisers to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) took to social media to encourage Rubio. The orchestrated effort included calling on him to run during the Republican senators’ weekly closed-door luncheon and a public letter from Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), head of the Foreign Relations Committee, on which Rubio serves.

None of the five Republicans running to succeed Rubio enjoys his level of name identification, Corker said. He also said they would need roughly $50 million to mount a serious bid in the coming months.

Democrats dismissed Rubio Friday as “a terrible fallback option” for Republicans, saying that he has taken positions on abortion, domestic violence and the economy during his presidential bid that would make him unpopular with Florida voters.

“Rubio spent months making clear how much he disliked his current job while he asked voters for a promotion, and it would be a tall order to convince voters they should send him back,” the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee said in a statement.

In the CNN interview, Rubio said he would not run again because his longtime friend, Florida Lt. Gov. Carlos Lopez-Cantera, is one of those vying to succeed him.

Would Rubio reconsider if Lopez-Cantera dropped out?

“Maybe,” he said. “I enjoy my work in the Senate — I always did.”

Paul Kane and Katie Zezima contributed to this report.",1
850,Cruz takes on Caitlyn Jenner over transgender fight,"Washington (CNN) Texas Sen. Ted Cruz is standing his ground in his belief that allowing transgender people to use the bathroom of their choice ""opens the door for predators,"" dismissing criticism from Caitlyn Jenner, who mocked him over the issue last week.

""This is not a matter of right or left, or Democrat or Republican. This is common sense. It doesn't make sense for grown adult men, strangers, to be alone in a restroom with a little girl,"" Cruz told CNN's Jake Tapper on ""State of the Union.""

""This is the height of political correctness,"" Cruz continued. ""And frankly, the concern is not of the Caitlyn Jenners of the world, but if the law is such that any man, if he feels like it, can go in a woman's restroom and you can't ask him to leave, that opens the door for predators.""

Jenner, a reality TV star and activist for transgender causes, posted a video to Facebook on Wednesday knocking Cruz for his support of a controversial North Carolina law that requires people to use the bathroom that corresponds with their ""biological sex"" stated on their birth certificate, rather than how they self-identify.

After using a women's bathroom in the Trump International Hotel and Tower in New York City -- following a recent comment by Trump in which he said Jenner could use whichever bathroom she wanted at the tower -- Jenner, a Republican, quipped: ""By the way, Ted, nobody got molested.""

""I've spent a lot of years in law enforcement dealing with child predators that are sick individuals,"" Cruz told Tapper. ""That doesn't mean that that is the people who are transgendered. But there are predators in the world, and just saying that you're a man, you can go in the girls' restroom if you feel like it, opens the door for criminals.""

""This is the height of political correctness for Donald Trump to say yes, let grown men in the bathroom with little girls,"" he said.

Cruz told Tapper that Fiorina's words owed to her being a tough competitor.

""She was a competitor in this primary. She was a fierce competitor in a primary people take shots at each other. That's part of the process,"" Cruz said. ""You know, we all remember when Ronald Reagan picked George Herbert Walker Bush as his vice president and they had to explain why Bush had called Reaganomics 'voodoo economics.' Listen, that happens when you come through a primary and you unite.""

Cruz added: ""I can tell you Carly and I have spent weeks and weeks and weeks together on the road barnstorming the state of Indiana, barnstorming the country, and I have gotten to know and respect Carly. She's an extraordinary leader.""

Boehner 'let out his inner Trump'

Asked about the criticism, Cruz shrugged it off.

""I think Boehner kinda let out his inner Trump, and he had some colorful imagery there. But it's interesting, when Boehner was attacking me, he praised Hillary Clinton. He thinks she's terrific, and he praised Donald Trump. He said Donald is his friend, his golfing buddy, his texting buddy,"" Cruz said. ""And there's a reason -- if you like, if you want to see the next president as a Boehner Republican, then Donald Trump is your man.""

So why does Boehner dislike Cruz?

""If you look at Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump and John Boehner, they're all part of the same corrupt Washington system where the rich get richer (and) the powerful and the lobbyists use government power for personal benefit,"" Cruz said.

'Behind the Donald Trump mask is Hillary Clinton'

""You know who I feel the worst for? I feel the worst for Donald's supporters who believe his role,"" Cruz said. ""But every day, if he gets closer to the nomination, he starts taking his mask off, and behind the Donald Trump mask is Hillary Clinton.""

""That is quite an image,"" Tapper said.",1
5039,Trump vs. Clinton Is the 1980s vs. the 1990s,"You could shout yourself hoarse arguing what the just-begun 2016 general election is about. The insider versus the outsider! No, feminism versus machismo! No, “Stronger together” versus “I alone can fix it”!

One thing that 2016 really isn’t about is newness. Neither candidate is anybody’s idea of a fresh face. Hillary Clinton will be 69 on Inauguration Day, Donald Trump, 70. Each entered this race a celebrity minted in a distant epoch from which neither candidate can fully escape.

What’s the 2016 election really about? The Eighties are running against the Nineties.

The 1980s and 1990s remain who Trump and Clinton, respectively, are—or at least how they seem most of the time. The 1980s was the decade when Trump emerged as a local symbol of New York City’s brash new wealth and parlayed that into national fame. His taste for Italian marble and gold-plated fixtures perfectly matched a period that extolled conspicuous displays of personal wealth. For Clinton, the 1990s, a decade dominated by technology-driven prosperity, affirmed her conviction that brainpower and idealism could overcome bitter political divisions. She entered the White House as a full partner in a duo bent on seizing a political center evaporating faster than liquid helium. (“Two for the price of one,” husband Bill promised.)

Even in a tumultuous and norm-defying campaign, Clinton and Trump have held fast to the identities they crafted in their formative decades. Clinton is identified permanently with her husband’s “third way” triangulation of the 1990s, even as she’s drifted leftward on issues like trade and the minimum wage. It was simply what she had to do to defeat her democratic socialist primary opponent, Bernie Sanders, and to keep up with her party’s new focus on income inequality. Trump is regarded permanently as the real estate titan he was in the 1980s even though his business model later shifted toward licensing the Trump name (always in gold, always in caps) to properties he didn’t own. Few realize that even Trump’s renovation of Washington’s Old Post Office—currently his highest-profile building project—is a leasing deal; the title is held by the federal government. Even the dire tone of Trump’s nomination speech, in which he declared that we live in an era “more dangerous than, frankly, I have ever seen,” was a far better description of the soaring crime he lived through in the late ’80s in New York than of today. (Trump himself was channeling Richard Nixon in 1968, but the ’80s were all about slamming shut the Pandora’s box that was the ’60s.)

Truthfully, the two candidates don’t work very hard to update their images because the decades that hatched them represent golden ages to which they promise America will return.

Trump’s very slogan, “Make America Great Again,” is borrowed from Ronald Reagan’s presidential campaign of 1980 (“Let’s Make America Great Again”). It’s a straightforward appeal to GOP nostalgia for a decade of conservative ascendancy, economic prosperity and a president whom Republicans idealize. Asked in January what “Make America Great Again” meant, Trump said, “I think during the Ronald Reagan years we were very good. ... We felt good about our country.”

Clinton’s New Jerusalem, meanwhile, looks very much like the 1990s. Hillary’s new “Change-Maker” slogan is an echo of Bill’s rallying cry at the 1992 convention: “It’s time to change America.” In May, Hillary said she would put Bill “in charge of revitalizing the economy,” a role that would make him the most powerful first relative since Robert F. Kennedy. The politics are a bit tricky. Hillary knows that Democrats feel ambivalent about resurrecting a public figure whom opponents once branded “Slick Willie.” But she also knows that nobody is ambivalent about the eight-year economic expansion that Bill Clinton presided over during his presidency. “You know, at the end of the ’90s,” Hillary said in March, “we had 23 million new jobs. Incomes went up for everybody.” Elect me, Hillary was saying, and we’ll make it happen again.

In theory, one party (call them the Ins) always stands for continuity while the other (the Outs) always stands for change.

As a Republican, Trump is obliged to disparage Obama. Trump sees the Obama presidency as a “total disaster,” to quote a phrase he’s used to describe the Affordable Care Act and Obama’s foreign policy. But Trump’s disparagement doesn’t stop there. He uses the same phrase to describe fellow Republican George W. Bush’s conduct of the Iraq war and Bill Clinton’s signing of NAFTA. That takes the 21st century off the table and also the final decade of the 20th. To avoid “total disaster,” Trump’s followers must travel in time back to … you guessed it, the 1980s.

Clinton speaks favorably of Obama, as she must; he’s her party’s incumbent, and she spent four years as his secretary of state. But she tends to describe Obama’s administration as a mere continuation of her husband’s (interrupted by a George W. Bush presidency that “wrecked the economy”). The Affordable Care Act, for instance, “was called Hillarycare,” Hillary said in January, “before it was called Obamacare.” That’s a stretch—Obamacare resembles Hillarycare only in the very broad sense that both were ambitious health reform plans proposed by Democrats. But in Clinton’s telling, the biggest policy accomplishment of the Obama administration—really, the biggest policy accomplishment of any Democratic president since Lyndon Johnson—was rooted in the glorious 1990s.

Much as they might focus on up-to-date topics like ISIL and cyberwar, Trump and Clinton are vying for control of the political Wayback Machine, and the only difference is where they want to set the dial. Want to know what they’re likely to do in office? Just take a look at the signature themes—war, economy and good old family values—that define the eras that they epitomize.

Broadly speaking, the 1980s was a decade of peace and the 1990s a decade of war.

That confounds political stereotypes because Ronald Reagan was a bit of a saber rattler. “I've signed legislation that will outlaw Russia forever,” Reagan famously quipped in 1984, not knowing the microphone in front of him was hot. “We begin bombing in five minutes.” Reagan presided over a vast arms buildup, including a wildly ambitious anti-nuke umbrella in outer space that critics dubbed “Star Wars.” Some historians credit this arms buildup with winning the Cold War simply because the Soviets couldn’t keep up. Reagan also aided proxy wars in Nicaragua, Afghanistan and elsewhere.

But where American soldiers were concerned Reagan was extremely risk-averse, withdrawing them, for instance, from a multinational peacekeeping mission in Beirut in 1983 after the bombing of U.S. Marine barracks by the Iranian-backed terrorist group Hezbollah killed 241 Americans. Reagan later sent thousands of TOW missiles secretly to Iran in exchange for the release of (what turned out to be) five of the seven hostages held by that same Hezbollah. As president, Reagan sent U.S. troops into battle only once, for a grand total of three days in 1983, to wrest the tiny Caribbean nation of Grenada from a Marxist coup. The liberal commentator Michael Kinsley called it a “test-tube war.”

The real wars happened in the 1990s. The largest deployment was 1991’s Persian Gulf War, wherein U.S. forces chased Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait (but not out of Iraq). The Gulf War was a 1990s event but not a Clinton administration event; it was waged by George H.W. Bush, and it rekindled, however briefly, Americans’ faith in full-scale military intervention after their Vietnam debacle. (“Good night, Vietnam,” reporter David Shribman quipped in the Wall Street Journal). Bush also committed troops to support relief efforts in Somalia, where civil war was raging. Clinton escalated that deployment and then withdrew the troops as the country descended into anarchy. Later in the ’90s Clinton ordered airstrikes to quell ethnic strife in Bosnia and Kosovo, and also twice in Iraq to counter assorted misbehavior by Saddam.

Except for Somalia, all these military operations were on balance successful, and all of them, including Somalia, were short term. In both respects, they were vastly different from U.S. deployments over the following two decades in Iraq and Afghanistan.

Trump is much fonder of Russia than Reagan was (to put it mildly), but otherwise his foreign policy stance is an exaggerated version of Reagan’s: Talk tough (“I’m gonna build a military that’s gonna be much stronger than it is right now,” Trump has said.) and go out of your way to avoid military interventions. Did Reagan provoke the Soviet Union by calling it (however accurately) an “evil empire”? Trump sees and raises by endorsing torture (“We have to beat the savages.”). Although at the time, Trump favored the 2003 Iraq invasion and the 2011 U.S. intervention in Libya, just as Clinton did, he now says he opposed them. Clinton, meanwhile, is more measured in her rhetoric but favors a more hawkish foreign policy that’s closer to the 1990s policies of George H.W. Bush and her husband. As secretary of state, for instance, she favored U.S. training for Syrian rebels, only to be overruled by Obama.

The 1980s was a decade in which the budget deficit spun out of control. The 1990s was a decade in which the deficit, however briefly, disappeared.

Here again we see Republicans and Democrats playing against type. “For decades we have piled deficit upon deficit,” Reagan said in his 1981 inaugural address, “mortgaging our future and our children's future for the temporary convenience of the present.” When he spoke these words, the budget deficit was $74 billion. By the time Reagan left office it was $155 billion. (Currently the deficit is $401 billion, a higher absolute figure but a smaller percentage of gross domestic product than in Reagan’s final year.) Much of the blame lies with tax cuts that failed to deliver the revenue boost predicted by the supply-side economic priesthood. But federal spending increased during Reagan’s presidency, too, by about 80 percent, much of it the aforementioned military buildup.

The deficit continued to climb during George H.W. Bush’s presidency, but under Bill Clinton it fell from $290 billion, to zero, to a surplus of $236 billion in Clinton’s final year. Tax increases passed by Clinton and by Bush (in violation of the latter’s “no new taxes” pledge) helped bring deficits under control, but Clinton also slowed spending growth. During Clinton’s presidency, federal spending increased by 29 percent—less than half the rate of increase under Reagan and slightly slower than Obama’s estimated 32 percent.

If your preferred measure of governmental bloat is the number of people who work for the federal government, that grew under Reagan by about 7 percent and shrank under Bill Clinton by about 16 percent (continuing, once again, a trend that began under George H.W. Bush). Much of that had to do with the end of the Cold War, but under Clinton even the number of civilian workers shrank (by about 13 percent), compared to growth of about 4 percent under Reagan, the very same president who famously declared his nine most terrifying words were “I’m from the government and I’m here to help.” (Both civilian and military federal employment shrank under Obama through 2014, the most recent year for which data are available.)

Most government expansion over the past few decades, it should be noted, has occurred through contractors. Nobody, alas, seems to know how many contract employees that entailed, but it’s a good bet their ranks grew through both the 1980s and the 1990s. According to the Congressional Budget Office, federal contract spending today is somewhere in excess of $500 billion. Most of that spending is by the Defense Department, which today, remarkably, hands most of its annual budget over to the private sector.

As with matters of war and peace, Trump’s stance resembles Reagan’s, with the difference that Trump makes less effort than Reagan did to disguise his hedonistic impulse toward deficit spending. “You have tremendous waste, fraud and abuse,” Trump told the Wall Street Journal in February, invoking a trinity frequently mentioned by Reagan in the 1980s. But the specific example Trump gave—phantom Social Security payments to nonexistent people aged 106 years and older—garbled an inspector general report that actually said very few such payments were made. In general, Trump distinguished himself from his primary opponents by pledging not to cut entitlement spending even as he proposed tax cuts that the bipartisan Committee For A Responsible Federal Budget estimated would expand the national debt by $12 trillion.

Hillary’s orientation is very much like Bill’s was in the 1990s—she does not espouse entitlement cuts (Democrats seldom do) but would likely accept them as part of a bipartisan budget deal that also raised taxes (though she’s never said so). Clinton has proposed new government spending that might add up to as much as $1 trillion, but her proposed tax increases would raise about the same amount, according to the left-leaning Tax Policy Center. On paper, then, Trump would expand the deficit, as Reagan did in the 1980s, while Clinton would neither expand nor shrink it, falling short of what Bill achieved in the 1990s.

The 1980s celebrated family values. The 1990s fretted about them.

Ronald Reagan was the first (and still the only) divorced person ever to be elected president. But even his bitterest enemies didn’t question Reagan’s devotion to his wife Nancy. Some did think, though, this devotion verged on dependence: He called her “mommy,” and once, in 1984, she got caught on tape feeding him a response to a reporter’s question (“We’re doing everything we can.”). The Reagans’ daughter, Patti Davis, thought her parents’ devotion to each other “meant that they were complete” without their children. “If a band of gypsies came and took me and [Ron Reagan Jr.] away,” Patti said earlier this year on NBC’s Today, “they would miss us, but they’d be fine.” After Reagan’s first grandchild was born, it was noted widely that the sitting president took two years to see him.

Reagan avoided the subject of gay rights, even though, as a former actor, he had many gay friends (prompting the liberal commentator Hendrik Hertzberg to dub him a “closet tolerant”). Reagan didn’t mention AIDS publicly until 1985, and when the topic came up at news briefings it prompted snickers. The topic of gay marriage lay far enough in the future as to be a non-issue; as late as 1989, mainstream culture judged it an entirely novel idea when the conservative writer Andrew Sullivan published his first essay on the topic. On abortion, Reagan was a sharp critic, even going so far as to write an election-year book in 1984 titled Abortion And The Conscience of A Nation. Through the 1980s, teenage birth rates, teenage pregnancy rates and teenage abortion rates stayed about level.

In the 1990s, Bill Clinton showed himself to be a more doting father than Reagan—we learned last week he binge-watched all six Police Academy movies with Chelsea—but a less doting husband. Evidence of the latter trickled in during the 1992 primaries (prompting a Clinton campaign aide to coin the phrase “bimbo eruptions”) and turned into a flood in 1998, when an independent counsel hired to investigate a fishy-looking real estate deal decided instead to pursue Bill’s commitment to (and veracity under oath concerning) his marriage vows.

The 1990s were the decade when the phrase “culture wars” came into vogue (thanks largely to the 1991 book Culture Wars: The Struggle To Define America by University of Virginia sociologist James Davison Hunter). On gay rights, Bill immediately pledged to end a ban on gays serving in the military. That prompted a political furor that ended with the implementation of an unworkable policy called “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” that limped along until 2011. Bill was much more cautious on gay marriage, favoring civil unions but signing into law a nationwide ban on gay marriage that the Supreme Court eventually struck down (by then with Bill’s approval) in 2013. On abortion, the Clinton administration’s policy was that it be “safe, legal, and rare,” a verbal construction that captures the somewhat anguished tenor of the times. In spite of that anguish, many of the social trends that inspired the greatest anxiety were in retreat. Throughout the 1990s (once again, starting under George H.W. Bush and continuing under Clinton) birth rates, pregnancy rates and abortion rates among teenagers declined. Indeed, trajectories for hot-button social issues grew so favorable that by decade’s end William Bennett, a former Education secretary under George H.W. Bush, had to stop publishing an annual jeremiad he called the “Index of Leading Cultural Indicators.”

Trump, like Reagan, is in his personal life a (somewhat-less-closeted) tolerant: a twice-divorced man who during his first marriage began an affair with the woman who would become his second wife. Unlike Reagan, though, Trump lacks gallantry; he once boasted in writing that “If I told the real stories of my experiences with women, often seemingly very happily married and important women, this book would be a guaranteed best-seller.” On social issues, Trump hews closer to Hillary Clinton than to his fellow Republicans, opposing, for instance, North Carolina’s ban on transgender bathrooms. But Trump’s attitudes on gay and transgender rights have been somewhat conflicted over the decades. He shunned his longtime mentor and lawyer Roy Cohn in 1985 when he discovered Cohn had AIDS, which he would die of in 1986. On the one hand, in Trump’s nomination speech he diverged from his text to congratulate the crowd for cheering his pledge to “protect LGBTQ citizens from the violence and oppression of a hateful foreign ideology.” On the other hand, Trump draws the line at gay marriage and abortion, both of which he now opposes. Hillary Clinton favors gay marriage and is pro-choice.

One could go on. Violent crime rose in the 1980s and fell in the 1990s, for reasons that experts still argue about. Income inequality grew during both decades, though only during the 1990s did economic expansion increase median income in any significant way. (Important caveat: The much-despised 1 percent expanded its share of the nation’s collective income faster under Clinton than under Reagan.) The stock market crashed in 1987 and sort-of crashed in 1998, in neither instance prompting a recession. Personal computers became a consumer item in the 1980s but were able to do much more in the 1990s with the advent of the World Wide Web. Brood X, the only cicada cycle worth worrying about, blanketed the sidewalks with crunchy carcasses in 1987 but didn’t reappear until 2004, bypassing the ’90s entirely.

Should the 1980s get your vote, or the 1990s? That’s a personal choice—more personal perhaps, and certainly more nuanced, than the choice between two actual human beings who are running for president. Both candidates want to build a bridge back to the 20th century. The question voters must decide is: which part?",1
3507,Search continues for wreckage from EgyptAir flight as officials probe links to terror,"An intense search continued Thursday in the Mediterranean Sea off Greece for wreckage of an EgyptAir flight that went down earlier in the day with 66 people on board, as multiple U.S. officials told Fox News that no explosion was detected by infrared satellites in the vicinity of the crash area.

There were conflicting reports throughout the day as to if any debris from the plane was spotted by search crews.

Officials from EgyptAir initially said debris from the plane was found off the Greek island of Karpathos. Athanassios Binis, head of Greece's Air Accident Investigation and Aviation Safety Board, later told state ERT TV that ""an assessment of the finds showed that they do not belong to an aircraft,"" The Associated Press reported. Binis added that this has been confirmed by Egyptian authorities.

Later in the day, Ahmed Adel, Vice President of EgyptAir, told CNN the debris found Thursday was not from Flight 804.

""We stand corrected on finding the wreckage because what we found was not parts of our plane,"" he said. Adel added the search for wreckage will continue on Friday.

Several U.S. officials told Fox News that spy satellites used to detect missile launches and explosions around the world did not detect an explosion in the area where the EgyptAir flight crashed.

Cairo-bound EgyptAir Flight 804 dropped from the sky hours after departing from Paris. The plane banked and spun sharply before plunging less than an hour before it was due to land in Cairo at 3:15 a.m. local time, according to aviation officials. Authorities have said terrorism was a more likely cause of the crash than technical failure.

Greek military officials said a Greek C-130 military transport plane is still participating in the search for debris from the EgyptAir jet, but a frigate initially sent to the area has been recalled.

A Greek military official told The Associated Press planes had earlier spotted debris 230 miles south-southeast of the island of Crete but still within the Egyptian air traffic control area. Two other floating objects, colored white and red, were spotted in the same area, Greek defense sources told Reuters.

Speaking from Cairo, Egyptian Minister of Aviation Sherif Fathy said the AirBus 320, which left Charles de Gaulle Airport at 11:09 p.m. local time Wednesday and was due in Cairo at 3:15 a.m., ""vanished.""

""I'm not excluding any theory,"" said Fathy, who responded to a reporter’s question by saying that the possibility of a terror attack as the cause of the crash is ""stronger"" than technical failure.

Greek officials say the plane banked and spun sharply just before dropping.

""The plane carried out a 90-degree turn to the left and a 360-degree turn to the right, falling from 37,000 to 15,000 feet and the signal was lost at around 10,000 feet,"" Greece’s Defense Minister Panos Kammenos told a news conference Thursday.

Greek air traffic controllers tried to make contact as the plane left Greek airspace, but the pilot did not respond, he said. They continued to try to reach the pilot until 2:29 a.m. Cairo time, when the plane disappeared from the radar 7 miles southeast of the island of Crete.

What is unknown about the plane's final moments in the air could be consistent with terrorism, David Learmount, a leading British air analyst, told Fox News.

""All this says is that the plane was destabilized . . . it doesn't say why,"" Learmount said.

Learmount said it is possible that a bomb or someone with a gun or knife entering the cockpit could de-stabilize a plane, but also pointed out that a mechanical or technical defect, as well as human error, could also de-stabilize the aircraft.

Congressman Michael McCaul, R-Texas, Chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, told reporters Thursday he spoke with the head of the Transportation Security Administration.

McCaul added that there are indicators of an event similar to that in October when a Russian passenger plane was blown out of the sky over the Sinai Peninsula using a timed bomb.

Sen. Diane Feinstein, top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, told reporters Thursday she hasn't been briefed on the EgyptAir crash but that there was ""strong probability that the plane went down with an act of terror.""

Flight 804 was carrying 56 passengers, including one child and two babies, three security staff and seven crew members, officials said. Fathy said identities would not be released until relatives could be contacted, but described those on board as including 15 French passengers, 30 Egyptians, one Briton, two Iraqis, one Kuwaiti, one Saudi, one Sudanese, one Chadian, one Portuguese, one Algerian and one Canadian.

Among passengers on missing EgyptAir Flight 804 was a student training at a French military school who was heading to his family home in Chad to mourn his mother.

The protocol officer for Chad's embassy in Paris, Muhammed Allamine, said the man ""was going to give condolences to his family."" Allamine said the man, who wasn't identified, was a student at France's prestigious Saint-Cyr army academy.

Another passenger on the flight was an Egyptian man returning home after medical treatment in France, according to two shocked friends who turned up at Paris' Charles de Gaulle airport.

""It breaks my heart,"" said one friend, Madji Samaan.

Kuwait's Foreign Ministry identified a Kuwaiti feared dead in the crash as Abdulmohsen al-Muteiri, but offered no other details.

In Paris, relatives started arriving at De Gaulle Airport outside the French capital.A man and a woman, identified by airport staff as relatives of passengers, sat at an information desk near the EgyptAir counter.

The woman sobbed, holding her face in a handkerchief. The pair were led away by police.

Officials offered conflicting reports of an emergency beacon being picked up two hours after the plane had dropped off from radar. The Egyptian military said that no such distress call was received, but didn’t specify whether they were confirming an initial report or dismissing an EgyptAir statement.

Defense officials told Fox News Thursday that the U.S. Navy is flying P-3 reconnaissance aircraft to assist in the search effort.

Another U.S. government official said Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has been briefed at least twice on the missing plane, and that at this early stage, everything is on the table as the government is “tied in tight” with French and Egyptian investigators.

The White House also said in a statement that President Obama has been briefed on the crash.

Greece's defense minister, Panos Kammenos, said Greece has a submarine on standby which is participating in a NATO exercise about 100 miles away from the presumed crash area, while F-16 fighter jets stationed on Crete could also be used if necessary. The country already has a navy frigate, two military transport planes and a radar plane participating in the search operation, while he said Egypt had sent a C-130 military transport plane and two F-16s.

Hollande and French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault offered to send military planes and boats to join the search for wreckage.

""We are at the disposition of the Egyptian authorities with our military capacities, with our planes, our boats to help in the search for this plane,"" Ayrault said. He spoke as Hollande held an emergency meeting at the Elysee Palace.

Later, the French military said a Falcon surveillance jet monitoring the Mediterranean for migrants had been diverted to help search for the EgyptAir plane. Military spokesman Col. Gilles Jaron told The Associated Press that the jet is joining the Egypt-led search effort, and the French Navy may send another plane and a ship to the zone.

Hours after the plane disappeared on Thursday, Fathy told reporters in Cairo that the diameter of the search area will widen, moving further south of the island of Karpathos.

Hollande spoke with Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi on the phone earlier Thursday and agreed to ""closely cooperate to establish as soon as possible the circumstances"" in which the EgyptAir flight disappeared, according to a statement issued in Paris.

In Cairo, el-Sissi convened an emergency meeting of the National Security Council, the country's highest security body. The council includes the prime minister and the defense, foreign and interior ministers, in addition to the chiefs of the intelligence agencies.

The Airbus A320 is a widely used twin-engine, single-aisle plane that operates on short and medium-haul routes. Nearly 4,000 A320s are currently in use around the world. The versions EgyptAir operates are equipped to carry 145 passengers.

The French Prosecutor’s Office said they will launch an investigation into the EgyptAir crash. The country remains under a state of emergency after terror attacks by the Islamic State killed 130 people in November.

The Associated Press reported that around 15 family members of passengers on board the missing flight had arrived at Cairo airport Thursday morning. Airport authorities brought doctors to the scene after several distressed family members collapsed.

The incident renewed security concerns months after a Russian passenger plane was blown out of the sky over the Sinai Peninsula. The Russian plane crashed in Sinai on Oct. 31, killing all 224 people on board. Moscow said it was brought down by an explosive device, and a local branch of ISIS has claimed responsibility for planting it.

In 1999, EgyptAir Flight 1990 crashed into the Atlantic Ocean near the Massachusetts island of Nantucket, killing all 217 people aboard. U.S. investigators filed a final report that concluded its co-pilot switched off the autopilot and pointed the Boeing 767 downward. But Egyptian officials rejected the notion of suicide altogether, insisting some mechanical reason caused the crash.

In March, an EgyptAir plane was hijacked and diverted to Cyprus. A man who admitted to the hijacking and was described by Cypriot authorities as ""psychologically unstable"" is in custody.

Fox News' Greg Palkot, Lucas Tomlinson, Catherine Herridge and The Associated Press contributed to this report",1
2529,Kasich Affirms Path to Legal Status for Undocumented Immigrants,"Republican presidential candidate John Kasich reaffirmed his call for a path to legal status for the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the U.S., as well as a guest worker program to meet the needs of the labor market.

On CNN’s “State of the Union” show on Sunday morning, the Ohio governor seemed to disavow his previous support for eliminating “birthright citizenship,” the law granting automatic U.S. citizenship to almost all children born on U.S. soil.

“I don’t think we need to go there,” he said.",1
2872,ISIS Claims Responsibility for Deadly Bombing in Afghanistan,"The Islamic State (IS) group claimed to have carried out a deadly suicide attack in eastern Afghanistan Saturday that killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100, Afghan President Ashraf Ghani said, in what, if verified, would be the first major attack claimed by the jihadist group in the country.

""Who claimed responsibility for horrific attack in Nangarhar today? The Taliban did not claim responsibility for the attack, Daesh (IS) claimed responsibility for the attack,"" President Ghani said on a visit to northeastern Badakhshan province.

A person purporting to be an IS spokesman said in a call to AFP that the group claimed responsibility for the bombing outside a bank in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad.

An online posting allegedly from the group made the same claim, which could not be immediately verified.

""Thirty-three dead bodies and more than 100 wounded were brought to the hospital,"" Dr Najeebullah Kamawal, head of the provincial hospital, told AFP.

Ahmad Zia Abdulzai, a provincial government spokesman, confirmed the attack -- the deadliest since November.

""The explosion happened outside the bank when government employees and civilians were collecting their monthly salaries,"" he told AFP.

The UN gave a higher toll, saying 35 people had been killed.

President Ghani strongly condemned the attack, which saw children among those killed, his office said in a statement.

""Carrying out terrorist attacks in cities and public places are the most cowardly acts of terror by terrorists targeting innocent civilians,"" President Ghani said.

The scene of the attack showed the gruesome scale of the carnage with people lying in pools of blood and body parts scattered across the ground.

The bombing comes as Afghanistan braces for what is expected to be a bloody push by the Taliban at the start of the fighting season.

The militants have stepped up attacks on government and foreign targets since Washington backpedalled on plans to shrink the US force in Afghanistan this year by nearly half.

The Taliban have seen defections to IS in recent months, with some insurgents voicing their disaffection with their one-eyed supreme leader Mullah Omar, who has not been seen since the 2001 US-led invasion of Afghanistan.

The Afghan government has also raised the ominous prospect of IS making inroads into the country, though the group that has captured swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq has never formally acknowledged having a presence in Afghanistan.",1
651,Clinton clinches Democratic nomination as Sanders stays in race,"Hillary Clinton faces the last major contest of the primary campaign on Tuesday having already been declared the Democratic presidential nominee, making her the first woman in history to lead a major party bid for the White House.

The declaration that Clinton had won the support of the 2,383 delegates needed to clinch the nomination came from the Associated Press late on Monday, before voting was due to commence in primaries in California and five other states.

The legitimacy of AP’s declaration, which was announced 24 hours earlier than her campaign expected, was immediately called into question by Clinton’s rival, Bernie Sanders.

The Vermont senator’s campaign issued a defiant statement that condemned the media’s “rush to judgment” and signalled that the Vermont senator was willing, if possible, to contest the nomination at the Democratic National Convention in July.

However, as voters headed to the polls in California, New Jersey, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota and New Mexico, it was clear that the mathematics were squarely on the side of the former secretary of state.

The unexpected and somewhat anti-climactic twist in the race appeared to surprise the Clinton campaign, which has not altered its plan and is waiting until voting concludes on Tuesday before declaring her the Democratic nominee-in-waiting at a victory party in New York.

Clinton made reference to the AP declaration during a campaign event in Long Beach, California, on Monday night. “I got to tell you, according to the news, we are on the brink of a historic, historic, unprecedented moment, but we still have work to do, don’t we?” she said.



On Tuesday Clinton secured the endorsement of House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California and, according to US media reports, aides to Barack Obama are in discussion with her campaign with a view to the president formally backing her soon. He is understood to have called Sanders on Sunday to inform him.

Obama remained on the fence on Tuesday. Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, said: “There is at least one superdelegate – the one who works in the Oval Office – who is not prepared to make a public declaration about his endorsement at this point, but stay tuned and we’ll keep you updated.”



Clinton’s candidacy, years in the making, will cap a long and bruising campaign against Sanders, a self-described socialist who has electrified the progressive wing of the Democratic party and pulled its frontrunner to the left.



Her graduation to presumptive nominee will also mark the start of a momentous general election campaign against the Republican nominee, Donald Trump.

Clinton gave a foretaste of the type of campaign she plans to wage against the real estate mogul last week when she used a speech in San Diego to brand her adversary too dangerous and unstable to be entrusted with nuclear codes and warning of economic crisis if he were to reach the White House.

“Donald Trump’s ideas aren’t just different, they’re dangerously incoherent. They’re not even really ideas, just a series of bizarre rants, personal feuds and outright lies,” she said in that speech, widely agreed to be one of her best of the campaign. “He is not just unprepared. He is temperamentally unfit to hold an office that requires knowledge, stability and immense responsibility.”

At a fundraising concert in Los Angeles on Monday where celebrity supporters included Stevie Wonder, Ricky Martin, Cher, Magic Johnson and Christina Aguilera, Clinton told the crowd: “We’re going to come out of the primary even stronger to take on Donald Trump. Enough with the fear, enough with the anger, enough with the bigotry, enough with the bullying!”



Her supporters argue she has unparalleled qualifications for the job after a lifetime in public service in which she has served as first lady, New York senator and secretary of state under Barack Obama.



The US president, who defeated Clinton’s first bid for the Democratic nomination in 2008, is widely expected to endorse Clinton in the coming days.

The sense that the nomination was within Clinton’s grasp had been growing in recent days and the candidate has been looking increasingly relaxed and confident on the campaign trail.

Earlier on Monday, in an exchange with reporters in Compton, Clinton made clear she believed Sanders should withdraw from the race after Tuesday’s vote, pointing out it would be “eight years to the day” since she withdrew and endorsed then-senator Obama.

Unusually for Clinton, who has carefully avoided appearing to take the nomination for granted, she also conceded she was “very touched” by the belief among her supporters that she was on the verge of making history.

“My supporters are passionate. They are committed. They have voted for me in great numbers across our country for many reasons,” she said.

“But among those reasons is their belief that having a woman president will make a great statement, a historic statement about what kind of country we are, what we stand for. It’s really emotional.”

However, Clinton’s readiness for the looming general election battle still rests, in part, on the outcome of Tuesday’s primary in California, a large and diverse state that she had been expected to win easily until just a few weeks ago.



Clinton and her husband, former president Bill Clinton, have campaigned tirelessly in the state in recent days after polls showed her formidable lead in the polls shrink in the face of a stiff challenge from Sanders.

The senator had hoped to use an upset in California to shift momentum in the race and convince superdelegates to switch sides.

Conversely, a defeat for Sanders in California, which could potentially mean his rival amounting sufficient pledged delegates to seal the nomination without the help of superdelegates, would fundamentally undermine his case for remaining in the race until July.

Appearing before thousands of supporters in front of a fog-shrouded Golden Gate Bridge late on Monday, Sanders implored supporters to turn out for a contest he described as “the most important primary that we’ve had in the entire Democratic nomination process”.

He repeated his argument that he is consistently performing better against Trump in the polls than Clinton and stands a better chance of keeping him out of the White House. The senator made no mention of the reports declaring Clinton the nominee, but the news had by then percolated through the crowd.

Some supporters began trickling out of the rally before it had concluded while others sniped at reporters over what they complained was biased media coverage and a premature and undemocratic declaration of Clinton as the victor.

AP said its announcement was based on “a burst of last-minute support from superdelegates” – the party officials who get a vote at the national convention that is not bound by the results of elections.

Clinton appeared to be on the very cusp of amassing the number of delegates to win the nomination after convincing wins in the US Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico by the end of the weekend.



By then Clinton had 1,812 pledged delegates, compared with Sanders’ 1,521. When those were added to her overwhelming support from superdelegates the frontrunner appeared to be just shy of the target.

But the declaration, by AP’s count, that Clinton had actually met the target appeared to catch both campaigns off guard, upending carefully choreographed plans to react to a denouement not expected until Tuesday.

Sanders’ spokesman, Michael Briggs, immediately released a statement accusing the media of “ignoring the Democratic National Committee’s clear statement that it is wrong to count the votes of superdelegates before they actually vote at the convention this summer”.

“Secretary Clinton does not have and will not have the requisite number of pledged delegates to secure the nomination,” he said. “She will be dependent on superdelegates who do not vote until 25 July and who can change their minds between now and then.”



Even Clinton’s campaign appeared to believe the declaration was premature. “We can’t say the primary is over,” Bill Clinton told reporters at a rally in San Francisco. “Let people vote. Let them have their say.” Other Clinton campaign officials indicated that, while the news reports were welcome, they did not plan to declare victory in the overall race until Tuesday.

Clinton spoke only briefly at the concert-rally in Hollywood. “It is not an overstatement for me to say that we have a really important election ahead of us now,” she said, smiling broadly.",1
4090,Poroshenko sworn in as Ukraine's president,"KIEV, Ukraine (AP) — Petro Poroshenko took the oath of office as Ukraine's president Saturday, calling on armed groups to lay down their weapons as he assumed leadership of a country mired in a violent uprising and economic troubles.

In his inaugural address to the Verkhovna Rada, the country's parliament, Poroshenko promised amnesty ""for those who do not have blood on their hands."" That appeared to apply both to separatist, pro-Russia insurgents in the country's east and to nationalist groups that oppose them.

Poroshenko also promised dialogue with citizens in the eastern regions, but excluded the insurgents. ""Talking to gangsters and killers is not our avenue,"" he said, according to a translator. He also called for early regional elections in the east.

He assumed power a day after meeting Russian President Vladimir Putin at D-Day commemoration ceremonies in France.

Despite the outreach to Putin, Poroshenko said he will not accept Russia's annexation of Crimea.

""Crimea is, was and will be Ukrainian. There will be no trade-off,"" Poroshenko said.

Russia annexed the territory in March after its troops took control of the Black Sea peninsula and Crimea held a secession referendum that Kiev and Western countries regard as illegitimate.

Poroshenko, who became a billionaire as a candy tycoon, was elected on May 25, three months after the pro-Russian president Viktor Yanukovych fled the country in the wake of months of street protests.

Putin has denied allegations by Kiev and the West that Russia has fomented the rebellion in the east, and he insisted Friday that Poroshenko needs to speak directly to representatives from the east.

Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.",1
3337,Hillary Clinton agrees to provide private e-mail server to FBI,"Hillary Rodham Clinton’s attorney has agreed to provide the FBI with the private server that housed her e-mail during her four years as secretary of state, Clinton’s presidential campaign said Tuesday.

Her attorney also has agreed to give agents a thumb drive containing copies of thousands of e-mails that Clinton had previously turned over to the State Department.

The FBI has been looking into the security of Clinton’s unusual private system, which has emerged as an issue in her campaign amid growing questions from Republicans and some U.S. intelligence officials about whether government secrets might have been put at risk.

The development in the FBI inquiry came the same day that a top intelligence official whose office has been reviewing some of Clinton’s e-mails informed congressional leaders that top-secret information had been contained in two e-mails that traveled across the server.

The finding, contained in a letter sent to leaders of key oversight committees, marked the first indication from government officials that information regarded as top secret — the government’s highest category of security designation — may have passed across Clinton’s server while she led the State Department.

A State Department spokesman late Tuesday described the top-secret designation as a recommendation and said they had not been marked classified at the time, but said staffers “circulated these e-mails on unclassified systems in 2009 and 2011 and ultimately some were forwarded to Secretary Clinton.”

Nick Merrill, a Clinton spokesman, said Tuesday night that Clinton is cooperating with the FBI probe. He declined to say whether the FBI ordered that she turn over the devices and when her attorney, David Kendall, had done so.

“She directed her team to give her e-mail server that was used during her tenure as secretary to the Department of Justice, as well as a thumb drive containing copies of her e-mails already provided to the State Department,” Merrill said. “She pledged to cooperate with the government’s security inquiry, and if there are more questions, we will continue to address them.”

The inquiry by the FBI is considered preliminary and appears to be focused on ensuring the proper handling of classified material. Officials have said that Clinton, the Democratic presidential front-runner, is not a target.

The FBI’s efforts have included contacting the Denver-based technology firm that helped manage the Clintons’ unusual private ­e-mail system.

Clinton has resisted relinquishing control of the server. In March, she said the server contained “personal communications from my husband and me.”

“I believe I have met all of my responsibilities, and the server will remain private,” she said then, in response to a question from a reporter about whether she would allow an independent party to examine the device

Clinton turned over more than 30,000 e-mails from the account to the State Department in December, and the agency is vetting those messages for release to the public. She has said that she deemed an additional 32,000 ­e-mails to be personal and chose not to keep them.

Kendall told a congressional oversight committee in a letter that there was “no basis” to support a third-party examination of the server. He indicated that he had confirmed with IT staffers that no e-mail sent or received by Clinton’s account while she was secretary of state remained on the server or backup systems associated with the system. “Thus, there are no hdr22@clintonemail.com emails from Secretary of State Clinton’s tenure on the server for any review, even if such a review were appropriate or legally authorized,” he wrote.

Meanwhile Tuesday, 17 House and Senate members from both parties were informed about the presence of “top secret” information on the Clinton e-mail system in a letter from the inspector general for the intelligence community, I. Charles McCullough III. The letter was first reported Tuesday by the McClatchy news service.

Much of the classified information in the e-mail conversations originated with the CIA, according to two government officials familiar with the records. Some of the information was deemed to be classified by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency’s classification guidelines. The information included references to information related to satellite images and electronic communications, according to the officials.

The findings by McCullough stemmed from his office’s review of a sample of 40 of Clinton’s ­e-mails. Previously, he had said that the sample included four classified e-mails, but on Tuesday he adjusted his assessment — saying that intelligence agencies deemed two of those e-mails to have contained top-secret information.

McCullough has asked for access to all of the e-mails to conduct a more thorough review but was denied by State Department officials in July.

Last week, State Department spokesman John Kirby said that while the agency was working to “resolve whether, in fact, this material is actually classified, we are taking steps to ensure the information is protected and stored appropriately.”

McCullough also located two e-mails that included classified material from among a separate batch of 296 related to the 2012 attacks on U.S. outposts in Benghazi. One of those e-mails had been publicly released by the State Department, causing consternation within the intelligence community.

He has also located one additional e-mail in the sample of 40 that was classified at the time it was sent but has since been declassified, suggesting that there is no longer a reason to protect the information or that it has since become public, two people familiar with the finding said.

McCullough also told lawmakers that his reviewers found two e-mails they believe contain information that the State Department considers classified, and they have alerted the agency so it can conduct its own review.

All told, McCullough has pointed to seven e-mails that he said contained classified information, including two with top-secret material.

His findings appear to contradict Clinton’s earlier comments.

“I am confident that I never sent or received any information that was classified at the time it was sent and received,” she told reporters last month in Iowa.

Clinton said she had “no idea” which e-mails have caught McCullough’s attention.",1
3796,Obama 'guarantees' he will not interfere with Clinton email investigation,"""I can guarantee that,"" Obama answered when asked by Fox News' Chris Wallace if he would direct the Justice Department to treat Clinton as the evidence shows.

""That is institutionally how we have always operated: I do not talk to the attorney general about pending investigations. I do not talk to FBI directors about pending investigations. We have a strict line,"" he said.

Wallace asked Obama if he can still stand by his previous claims that the emails did not jeopardize national security.

""I continue to believe that she has not jeopardized America's national security,"" Obama said. ""Now what I've also said ... there's a carelessness in terms of managing emails that she has owned and she recognizes. But I also think it is important to keep this in perspective.""

The President tried to distinguish between different levels of top secret -- or classified information -- as a means of defending Clinton. ""What I also know, because I handle a lot of classified information, is that there's classified, and then there's classified,"" he said. ""There's stuff that is really top secret-top secret, and there's stuff that is being presented to the President or the secretary of state, that you might not want on the transom, or going out over the wire, but is basically stuff that you could get in open source."" Obama said his former secretary of state saying she would ""never intentionally put America in any kind of jeopardy."" ""This is somebody whose served her country for four years as secretary of state, and did an outstanding job, and no one has suggested that in some ways as a consequence of how she's handled emails that that detracted from her excellent ability to carry out her duties,"" he said. Obama was also questioned by Wallace on criticism to his personal responses to terrorist attacks, citing the President calling the November terrorist attacks in Paris ""a setback."" ""There isn't a president who's taken more terrorists off the field then me over the last seven and half years,"" Obama said, defending himself. ""I'm the guy who calls the families or meets with them or hugs them or tries to comfort a mom or a dad or a husband or a kid after a terrorist attack. So let's be very clear how much I prioritize this. This is my No. 1 job and we have been doing it effectively,"" he said.",1
1221,Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul suspends presidential campaign,"Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul suspended his Republican presidential campaign on Wednesday, after finishing fifth in the leadoff Iowa caucuses.

Though Paul actually exceeded expectations in the Iowa contest, Fox News is told he did not believe his campaign had the momentum to build upon going into the New Hampshire primary next week. The libertarian-leaning senator made the decision official in a brief statement.

“Across the country thousands upon thousands of young people flocked to our message of limited government, privacy, criminal justice reform and a reasonable foreign policy. Brushfires of Liberty were ignited, and those will carry on, as will I,” he said.

“Although, today I will suspend my campaign for President, the fight is far from over. I will continue to carry the torch for Liberty in the United States Senate and I look forward to earning the privilege to represent the people of Kentucky for another term.""

Paul, who was often at odds with other Republican candidates on issues like national security and surveillance, struggled to attract the loyal and enthusiastic following that buoyed his father Ron Paul’s past presidential bids.

He was seen as having a strong debate performance in Des Moines last week, perhaps contributing to his respectable finish on Monday -- but was looking at dim chances next week in New Hampshire, where several other candidates are polling stronger.

Paul, in opting not to continue his presidential bid, can now concentrate on his Senate re-election campaign.

Paul follows former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee in dropping out of the Republican primary battle after Iowa’s caucuses.",1
3477,Who will fight for gay marriage at SCOTUS?,"Washington (CNN) The date for arguments is on the calendar. The questions that the justices will have to decide are clear. Even the amount of time lawyers will have to make their case is set in stone.

But there's still one mystery heading into next month's historic gay marriage case at the Supreme Court: Who will get to argue before the justices that same sex marriage should be legal across the nation?

The roster of lawyers for each side is still being worked out. And like many things related to the law, it's complicated. Six legal challenges in four states have been consolidated into one case. And to make things even more dicey, there are actually two separate legal questions before the court.

Still, this is a rare opportunity to argue before the highest court to shape the law on one of the most consequential modern social issues. It's no wonder that any lawyer -- from recent law school grads to titans of the profession -- would dream of a chance to snag a piece of the debate.

""It will be a very sensitive negotiation among the lawyers,"" said Adam Winkler, a professor at the UCLA School of Law. ""Everyone involved in this case would love to be the one to argue.""

In general, the court leaves the decision up to the parties. The plaintiffs on Tuesday proposed that their time to make their case be divided — a practice the Court usually frowns upon.

If the justices decline the request, plaintiffs will have to winnow down their choices.

That will be tough because scores of lawyers have been involved with the challenge, including some of the best litigators in the country.

The parties could choose a private attorney who has been with the case all along such as Alphonse A. Gerhardstein, a civil rights attorney from Cincinnati or Carole M. Stanyar, who is based in Ann Arbor.

""The choice could also depend upon whether the parties ask, and the court agrees, to allow them to designate two lawyers to argue,"" said Amy Howe, the editor of Scotusblog.

They could opt for someone with vast experience arguing before the the Supreme Court. Both Jeffrey L. Fisher, of Stanford Law School, and Douglas Hallward-Driemeier, who used to work in the Solicitor General's office, have appeared multiple times before the justices.

Another option would be to pick a lawyer affiliated with one of the movement groups that has been working in the trenches for years on a state-by-state strategy to build political momentum on the issue. Top contenders would include Mary Bonauto of the Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders and James Esseks of the ACLU.

""Everyone involved wants to win more than anything else,"" said Winkler.

It would be unusual for the parties to choose a lawyer unaffiliated with the case at hand.

For instance, Theodore Olson and David Boies, the political odd fellows who came together in 2012 to fight California's ban on same sex marriage, backed a different challenge this time around in Virginia. The Supreme Court ultimately declined to take up that case, making it harder for the power lawyers to be involved in next month's case.

At least one big name is expected to argue for those in favor of same-sex marriage: Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr. The Obama administration filed an amicus brief in the case two weeks ago and as the government's lawyer before the court, Verrilli would typically get some time before the justices.

But from there, it's anyone's guess.

The court is considering two questions. The first concerns the central issue of whether states can ban gay marriage. The second question gives the justices an off ramp if they decide against issuing a sweeping ruling. That question concerns whether states must recognize the marriage of couples legally married out of state.

State officials in the four states involved -- Michigan, Ohio, Tennessee and Kentucky -- have to go through a similar process to decide who will lead arguments defending state bans on same-sex marriage.

On Friday, Michigan's attorney general announced that Special Assistant Attorney General John Bursch, the former Michigan solicitor general, will present the state's oral argument. And according to Dan Tierney, the spokesperson at the Ohio Attorney General's Office, Joseph F. Whalen, Tennessee's associate solicitor general, will handle the second question.

Deciding who will argue the case will mark one of the last strategic decisions the parties will have to make before the issue goes to the justices.

For the challengers, the moment has been years in the making as they worked toward the overall aim to get the Supreme Court to issue a nationwide ruling.

Some longtime gay rights advocates were nervous a few years ago when opponents of California's Prop 8 chose to push their case to the Supreme Court. The advocates felt the better choice was to move more incrementally and first ask the Supreme Court to rule on a section of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) -- a federal law that denied benefits to same sex couples who were legally married in the states.

As it turned out, both cases arrived before the court in 2012, and it ultimately struck down a section of DOMA and dismissed the Prop 8 case on procedural grounds.

Since the DOMA ruling, the victories for gay rights advocates have been astounding.

In the last two years, challenges to same sex marriage bans have been successful in nearly 60 lower court decisions according to the group Freedom to Marry.

That's led some to believe it's a foregone conclusion that the court will rule in favor of marriage for same sex couples this summer.

""I'm reluctant ever to call anything a 'done deal'"" said Scotusblog's Howe.

But she points out that in October, the Supreme Court cleared the way for thousands of marriages to take place in Virginia, Utah, Oklahoma, Indiana and Wisconsin when it declined to take up an earlier set of same sex marriage petitions.

""As a legal matter, the Court could of course uphold the bans, but as a practical matter it would be very hard to put the genie back into the bottle, so to speak, and hold that -- notwithstanding all of the marriages it has allowed to go forward in the last few months -- there is no longer a right to same-sex marriage,"" she said.",1
4138,Boehner: Democrats must 'get off their ass' on DHS bill,"WASHINGTON — House Speaker John Boehner said Wednesday that Senate Democrats should ""get off their ass"" and stop blocking a $40 billion Homeland Security bill that would derail President Obama's immigration programs.

Boehner's comments came a day after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said the Senate has reached a stalemate and ""the next move obviously is up to the House."" Senate Democrats voted three times last week to block the DHS funding bill from moving forward. They object to House-passed provisions that would cut off all funds to carry out Obama's executive orders on immigration.

The two Republican leaders seem to be each placing responsibility on the other chamber for what happens next on the funding bill. Unless Congress acts, funding for the Department of Homeland Security will expire on Feb. 27 and the agency will face a partial shutdown.

Boehner said the House will not take up a revised bill despite the Senate impasse.

""The House has done its job,"" Boehner, R-Ohio, said at a news conference after meeting with House Republicans. ""Why don't you go ask the Senate Democrats when they're going to get off their ass and do something other than to vote 'no'?""

Obama announced in November that he would protect about 4 million undocumented immigrants from deportation and allow them to work legally in the U.S. His program would help the undocumented parents of U.S. citizens. It also would expand his 2012 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which gives temporary legal status and work permits to undocumented immigrants brought to the USA as children.

The House-passed bill would cut off all funding for the 2012 DACA program as well as blocking funds for Obama's latest immigration orders. Senate Democrats say they will only support the DHS funding bill if the immigration provisions are scrapped.

""If Congress wants stronger border security and immigration enforcement, a clean funding bill for DHS is what we should be rallying around,"" said Sen. Tom Carper, D-Del., the senior Democrat on the Senate homeland security committee. ""I hope that Congress can come together to do the right thing — support the passage of a clean, full-year appropriation for the Department of Homeland Security by Feb. 27 — and then get to work to pass a thoughtful, comprehensive immigration reform bill.""

Republicans see Obama's immigration orders as an unconstitutional power grab and view the DHS funding bill as the best leverage they have to stop them. But Senate Republicans, who have a 54-vote majority, need 60 votes to advance the DHS funding bill and they have been unable to attract any Democrats to their side.

Boehner and McConnell have both said they don't want a shutdown of Homeland Security, but their options are running out.

There has been talk in both chambers of the possibility of passing a continuing resolution that would keep DHS open and funded at 2014 levels. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has spoken out against that option because it would not allow DHS to hire new Secret Service agents, buy new surveillance equipment for the Southwest border or send certain security grants to states and local governments.",1
4822,The Debate I Heard,"I watched Monday's presidential debate. But what I heard was different from what Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton seemed to say.

When Clinton said, ""I want us to invest in you,"" what I heard was, ""I will spend your money better than you will."" Also, I heard, ""I will spend lots of your money!""

When Trump said our economic problems are China's fault, what I heard was, ""Blaming China wins me votes.""

When Clinton told Trump, ""My father... printed drapery fabrics,"" what I heard was, ""Donald, you are a spoiled rich kid.""

When Trump replied, ""My father gave me a very small loan,"" I heard Trump saying, ""Anything less than $200 million is a pittance."" (It's actually not clear what Trump received from his dad. Trump claims it was $1 million; others say $200 million. Anyway, is a million dollars a ""small"" loan""?)

When Clinton said, ""I'm going to have a special prosecutor... to enforce the trade deals we have,"" I heard, ""Kiss my ring and pay my foundation if you want your trade deal approved!""

When Trump said President Obama has ""doubled"" our debt, I swear I heard Trump promise, ""I'll triple it!""

When Clinton said, ""I think it's time that the wealthy and corporations paid their fair share,"" what I heard was, ""Good thing Bill and I are 'broke,' because we're going to soak the rich like they've never been soaked before.""

When Clinton said Trump's taxes ""must be something really important, even terrible, that he's trying to hide,"" what I heard was, ""My emails, on the other hand, were just a minor mistake and nothing I'm trying to hide—next question?""

When Trump said, ""I was the one that got (Obama) to produce the birth certificate, and I think I did a good job,"" what I heard was, ""Since Hillary and her staff spread the lie first, I'm blameless.""

When Clinton said, ""Barack Obama is a man of great dignity,"" I swear I heard her add quietly, ""despite me smearing him in 2008.""

When Trump said, ""I was just endorsed (by 200) admirals and generals,"" what I heard was, ""I wish members of the military supported me the way they support Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson.""

When Clinton said, ""Putin is playing a tough long game here,"" I swear I heard Hillary say, ""I guess my 'reset' with Russia was a bad idea.""

When Clinton said she'll ""do much more with our tech companies"" to fight ISIS, what I heard was, ""I'll force Facebook and Twitter to shut down parts of the internet.""

When Clinton said she'll ""take out al-Qaeda leadership,"" what I heard was, ""I don't know exactly who they are, but I'll kill a bunch of military-age males.""

When Trump said, ""I did not support the war in Iraq,"" what I heard was, ""... except when I did.""

When Clinton said, ""A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his fingers anywhere near the nuclear codes,"" I heard, ""A man provoked by a tweet should not be near the nuclear codes."" (Clinton got some things right.)",1
3752,"Baltimore prosecutor charges police with murder, manslaughter in death of Freddie Gray","One Baltimore police officer was charged Friday with murder, three with manslaughter and two with assault in the death of Freddie Gray, who a prosecutor said suffered a broken neck last month when he was left shackled at the feet and lying face down in a police van by officers who ignored his pleas as they made their rounds.

The death of Gray, 25, on April 19 of injuries suffered a week earlier touched off peaceful protests that degenerated into a night of rioting, looting and chaos Monday. On Friday, a crowd gathered around State's Attorney for Baltimore Marilyn Mosby cheered as she said the police involved would be brought to justice in the incident. Mosby said the police had no basis for arresting Gray, and described a harrowing ride in a van driven by Police Officer Caesar Goodson, 45, who was charged with the most serious crimes, including second-degree murder.

""No one is above the law,"" declared Mosby, who said she comes from five generations of law enforcement and has been on the job for four months. Her husband is Baltimore City Councilman Nick Mosby, who has spoken out about the riots and anger in the city's African-American community.

At a late afternoon press conference Friday, a man named Richard who said he was ""one of Freddie's two fathers"" said the family was ""satisfied with today's charges.""

He then appealed for peace, saying, ""without justice there is no peace but let us have peace in the pursuit of justice.""

All six officers were reported in custody by Friday afternoon.

Before the charges were announced, the Baltimore police union president told Mosby in a letter that none of the six officers were responsible for Gray's death.

""Not one of the officers involved in this tragic situation left home in the morning with the anticipation that someone with whom they interacted would not go home that night,"" the letter states. ""As tragic as this situation is, none of the officers involved are responsible for the death of Mr. Gray.""

The union requested a special prosecutor in the case, saying Mosby had conflicts of interest including a friendship with the Gray family's lawyer, Billy Murphy, who contributed to her campaign. Murphy was among Mosby's biggest campaign contributors last year, donating the maximum individual amount allowed, $4,000, in June. Murphy also served on Mosby's transition team after the election.

Gray suffered a broken neck, apparently while riding in the back of the Baltimore police van. While Mosby said Friday the medical examiner had ruled the death a homicide, police sources have said his injuries may have been caused by his head hitting a bolt inside the vehicle, according to local reports.

The officers and charges in the case include:

- Goodson was charged with second-degree depraved-heart murder, involuntary manslaughter, second-degree negligent assault, as well as other charges including failure to render aid and misconduct in office.

- Police Officer William Porter, 25, was charged with involuntary manslaughter, second-degree assault and misconduct in office.

- Police Lt. Brian Rice, 41, was charged with involuntary manslaughter and second-degree assault.

- Police Officer Alicia White, 30, was charged with involuntary manslaughter, second degree assault and misconduct in office.

- Police officers Edward Nero, 29, and Garrett Miller, 26, were charged with multiple counts of assault, false imprisonment and misconduct in office.

Five of the six officers charged were in custody Friday afternoon, according to Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Ralwings-Blake. The officers facing felony charges have been suspended without pay.

Mosby said her office’s police integrity unit began investigating the case the day after Gray’s arrest and interviewed dozens of witnesses and reviewed video, police statements and medical records as well as canvassed ""the community and the family of Mr. Gray.""

She said her probe found the police officers, part of a bike patrol led by Rice, made eye contact with Gray, who has a rap sheet that includes several drug arrests. Gray ran from police, prompting the officers to chase after him, Mosby said. Gray surrendered a short time later and was handcuffed with his arms behind his back, she said.

""It was at this time that Mr. Gray indicated that he could not breathe and requested an inhaler, to no avail,"" said Mosby, who also said the knife Gray was carrying clipped to the inside of his pants was not a switchblade and was not illegal.

Police held Gray on the sidewalk until Goodson arrived driving the van, Mosby said. Goodson, Rice, Nero and Miller loaded him into the van, she said, but did not secure him with a seatbelt, a policy that had been put in place department wide nine days earlier.

Moments later, Rice ordered Goodson to pull over and the officers took Gray back out of the van. The shackled Gray's legs, filled out paperwork and put him back in, placing him on his stomach on the floor of the vehicle, Mosby said. It was after that, she said, that Gray suffered his injuries. Mosby said Gray was injured ""as a result of being handcuffed, shackled by his feet and unrestrained inside"" the wagon.

Mosby said the police stopped at least one more time to observe Gray, but did not immediately request medical assistance for him despite his pleas. She said Goodson drove the vehicle to pick up another arrested suspect blocks away, rather than taking Gray immediately for medical help.

White, who had been sent to investigate citizens' complaints about Gray's initial arrest, looked in on him as he lay face down in the back of the van, Mosby said, but did nothing to help him.

""She made no effort to look or assess or determine his condition,"" Mosby charged.

By the time the van arrived at the police station, according to Mosby, Gray was not breathing and had gone into cardiac arrest. He was then rushed to a trauma center run by the University of Maryland where he underwent surgery and later died, she said.

Gray died a week later, on April 19. Until Friday's news conference few details about the investigation had been publicly released and most of what was known came from local reports citing unnamed sources. An explosive report Wednesday night in the Washington Post cited a fellow passenger's account in a police affidavit that said Gray was thrashing around in an effort to injure himself, although that witness went on the city's CBS affiliate to say his words were taken out of context and that he now fears for his life after his statement was used to bolster the police version of events.

""When I was in the back of that van it did not stop or nothing,"" Danta Allen, who had been arrested for allegedly stealing a cigarette, told WJZ. ""All it did was go straight to the station, but I heard a little banging, like he was banging his head,"" Allen said. ""I didn’t even know he was in the van until we got to the station.""

Gray's lawyer has said his spine was nearly severed, but results of an autopsy, like the police report, remained under wraps. That has fueled frustration and suspicion in the community, where peaceful protests devolved into rioting and looting, culminating in a night of chaos on Monday.

The Gray family's lawyers said they want the process to play out, and urged calm.

""This family wants justice, and they want justice that comes at the right time and not too soon,"" attorney Hassan Murphy said Wednesday.

Meanwhile, protesters over Gray’s death continue to spread across the nation. Aside from gatherings in Baltimore, demonstrations spread to Philadelphia and New York Thursday.

Philly.com reports Philadelphia police made three or four arrests after hundreds of protesters marched through the city to show support for Gray.

More demonstrations are planned through the weekend.

The Associated Press contributed to this report",1
4615,Never Trump? Forget it — prominent Republicans come crawling back defeated,"As the polls tighten in the last few days of the presidential election campaign, it’s interesting to see the reluctant GOP establishment start scurrying back into Donald Trump’s fold. Apparently, prominent Republicans are all making the bet that that the party’s nominee will at least come close enough to make it necessary to back him, lest they be blamed for his failure.

The most famous of those who have re-endorsed Trump after walking away when he was cratering is Jason Chaffetz, the House Oversight Committee chair, who probably secretly hopes Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton will win (so he can run his endless witch hunts in front of the cameras) but felt it was necessary to back Trump just in case. Chaffetz is also likely to throw his hat into the ring for speaker if there’s a rebellion against Paul Ryan which is a real possibility.

Sen. Deb Fischer of Nebraska, Rep. Scott Garrett of New Jersey, Rep. Bradley Byrne of Alabama and Sen. John Thune of South Dakota have all come creeping back to Trump after initially dropping their endorsements in the wake of the “grab ’em by the pussy” tape. Even Trump skeptic and beloved Beltway conservative Hugh Hewitt has now decided to run with the pack.

It’s been a tough time for Republican officials and elite conservative pundits, and that’s understandable. They’ve just discovered that their voters have a different interpretation of conservatism than they thought they did. The elites define Reagan’s famous “three-legged stool” of conservatism as “economic conservatism,” “social conservatism” and “defense conservatism,” which they would further describe as a belief in small government, family values and patriotism, all dressed up in fancy philosophical paeans to freedom, the founders and the Constitution.

Trump has shown that the base of the party also believes in those three pillars, but Republicans have stripped away the intellectual veneer that made them socially acceptable and laid bare that the three legs actually represent racism, sexism and nationalism. Economic conservatism is simply a way to stop the federal government from spending money on “the wrong people.” Social conservatism is simply a way to keep women in their place. And defense conservatism is a chauvinistic belief that America is for Americans and foreigners had better watch their step.

Elites had always known that many Republican voters held these views, but they thought that over time these ugly impulses would gradually fade away and become more ideologically abstract. Infamous GOP strategist Lee Atwater explained how he expected this to evolve:

You start out in 1954 by saying, “N***er, n***er, ni***er.” By 1968 you can’t say “ni***er” — that hurts you. Backfires. So you say stuff like forced busing, states’ rights and all that stuff. You’re getting so abstract now [that] you’re talking about cutting taxes, and all these things you’re talking about are totally economic things and a byproduct of them is [that] blacks get hurt worse than whites. And subconsciously maybe that is part of it. I’m not saying that. But I’m saying that if it is getting that abstract, and that coded, that we are doing away with the racial problem one way or the other.

The Republicans didn’t do away with it. It just went underground. And all that coding and dog-whistling and abstraction was eventually seen as “political correctness” and their voters came to hate it. A new Pew Research Center poll was released this week showing that whatever hope the GOP elders have that they can return to the previous status quo, where everyone pretends the party’s base cares about tort reform and the capital gains tax, is not going to happen. The best they can say is that Republicans are deeply divided. Pew states the following: About two-thirds (65%) of Republican and Republican-leaning voters think their party’s presidential candidate does represent the core principles and positions the Republican Party should stand for while 31% think Trump does not. Among Republican voters, conservatives are far more likely than moderate and liberal Republicans to think of Trump as representative of the Republican Party’s principles. While three-quarters of conservative Republican voters see Trump as representative of what the party should stand for, only about half of moderate and liberal Republicans (52%) say the same. That divide manifests itself in many different ways, with the people who didn’t vote for Trump in the primaries showing a stronger dislike for the Republican Party as a whole. Trump voters seem to like the party just fine now that Trump has defined what it stands for. How this plays out after the election should be very interesting. Obviously if Trump wins, it will be a huge triumph and we’ll likely see a quick consolidation under his leadership. But even if he loses, it won’t be possible to put the genie back in the bottle, no matter how hard the “Never Trump” types try. Trump had only a couple of deeply held political beliefs that he brought with him into the campaign. He’s long believed foreign countries are laughing at America and he wants to make them stop. And he has always wanted to let police take the gloves off and enforce law and order. Everything else in his “platform,” from birtherism to the border wall and from  torture to terrorism, he got from conservative media. According to New York magazine’s Gabriel Sherman, his earliest advisers going back to 2012 were the notorious trickster Roger Stone, who is steeped in wing-nut-ism, and right-wing lawyer Sam Nunberg: “I listened to thousands of hours of talk radio, and he was getting reports from me,” Nunberg recalled. What those reports said was that the GOP base was frothing over a handful of issues including immigration, Obamacare, and Common Core. While Jeb Bush talked about crossing the border as an “act of love,” Trump was thinking about how high to build his wall. Now Trump has Breitbart’s Steve Bannon in his ear with the alt-right agenda, much of which sounds familiar as well.  These ideas have all been swirling around right-wing media for years, while the political establishment was holding seminars on “Atlas Shrugged” and fetishizing the budget deficit. Conservatism is Trumpism — and has been for a long time. So-called conservatives just weren’t listening.",1
4082,Russian opposition leader's slaying shocks Moscow,"MOSCOW — Russia's capital city was reeling Saturday after the shooting death of prominent opposition leader Boris Nemtsov just steps from the Kremlin.

""It's the end of an epoch, an abyss,"" said Artyom Faizulin, a member of the opposition Progress Party, standing near the spot where Nemtsov was gunned down on Moscow's Moskvoretsky Bridge, close to the Kremlin towers.

The site where Nemtsov's body lay under a plastic sheet for almost two hours is now covered with flowers and candles brought by supporters in the freezing drizzle.

""It's the start of a new, more somber picture of our history, and we will see more political killings,"" Faizulin said.

Nemtsov, 55, a former first deputy prime minister, was shot and killed shortly before midnight Friday by an unknown gunman who jumped from a white car, fired around seven shots then sped off.

Nemtsov, an outspoken critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin, was set to appear at an opposition march scheduled Sunday against Russia's involvement in Ukraine, where a separatist conflict between pro-Russian rebels and Ukrainian forces has left more than 5,000 dead since April. Organizers canceled the march, instead planning a gathering Sunday to mourn him.

Moscow, which annexed Ukraine's Crimea in March, has denied allegations that it is arming separatist rebels and sending troops to Ukraine's east. Nemtsov had been working on a report proving Russia's involvement in the conflict.

Russian authorities reacted swiftly to the killing of Nemtsov, a leader of the liberal Parnas party who was once viewed as a potential handpicked successor to then-president Boris Yeltsin in 1999.

Putin condemned the shooting and took the investigation into the killing under his personal control Saturday morning. His press secretary, Dmitry Peskov, called the incident a ""provocation.""

By Saturday afternoon, the Investigative Committee said in a statement that it was considering several motives for the crime, including ""murder as a provocation to destabilize the political situation in the country.""

Two other hypotheses being considered by the Investigative Committee link the fatal shooting to Islamist extremists and to Ukraine.

Some found it hard to believe the perpetrators are not connected to the government because the crime was committed so close to the Kremlin.

""This is a sacred place for (Russian) history,"" said Valery Kachayev, an artist, who was paying respects Saturday at the bridge where Nemtsov died. ""Nothing like this has happened in Russia's recent history. It's like the state secretary being assassinated on the White House lawn.""

Colleagues were also skeptical about the official investigation.

""I'm certain that sooner or later the people who killed him will be found, but I strongly doubt this will happen while the current regime is in power,"" said Ilya Yashin, one of the leaders of the Parnas Party. ""While the investigation is being carried out under the current authorities, who considered Nemtsov a personal enemy, there is little hope.""

The incident took place against a backdrop of unprecedented propaganda on Russian state television and social networks in wake of the Ukraine crisis, in which political critics are often termed ""national traitors"" and ""fifth columnists.""

Putin's popularity has skyrocketed following Russia's annexation of Crimea, despite the toll on the country's economy. A February poll by the Levada Center placed his approval rating at 86%, one point higher than in January.

Nemtsov had received anonymous threats in the past several weeks, Yashin said. His death is ""a result of what is happening in the country. That hatred that has been stoked by the government in recent months in many ways led to such a high-profile political murder being committed,"" Yashin said.

Many of Nemtsov's supporters who gathered on Moskvoretsky Bridge on Saturday blamed the assassination of the outspoken politician on the Kremlin, saying they feared the climate of fear in the country would get worse.

""It's a move towards a new level of repression,"" Kachayev said. ""The regime has turned to political killings.""

Others recalled the 1934 assassination of popular communist leader Sergei Kirov, which served as a pretext for the start of Soviet leader Joseph Stalin's repressions against his former colleagues. Some historians believe Kirov's murder was the result of a Kremlin attempt to remove a rival.

Independent political expert Alexei Makarkin said he believes the killing was a complete surprise for the Kremlin but added it could seriously undermine future dialogue between Russia and the West, already hampered by the Ukraine crisis.

The crime itself, he said, may have been a provocation by radical elements galvanized by Russia's support of pro-Russian rebels in Ukraine.

""There is a party of war, which wants to cut off all contact with the West,"" said Makarkin, who is vice president of the Moscow-based Center for Political Technologies. ""For them, Nemtsov is an agent of Ukraine, of the enemy, which the authorities have not arrested for some reason.""

Relations between Russia and the rest of the world will ""very much will depend on how the government investigates a crime committed so close to the Kremlin,"" he added.",1
3066,Dan Pfeiffer’s Exit Interview: How the White House Learned to Be Liberal,"Dan Pfeiffer, who left his position as senior adviser at the White House last week after having worked with Barack Obama since his first presidential campaign, has been involved from the outset in navigating the central contradiction at the heart of Obama’s public persona: He ran as a figure who could overcome partisan polarization, yet he has instead presided over more of it despite accomplishing the majority of the substantive agenda he promised.

Obama and his spokespeople have spent most of their administration quietly at war with the conventional wisdom in Washington over the cause of this failure, and Pfeiffer has spent much of his time in the administration dealing with, or scolding, members of the media, mostly in off-the-record conversations. But in an interview last week, a few days before he resigned, he explained in unusually candid terms the administration’s thinking—and how the White House lost its illusions.

“I think [Obama] believes, and I certainly believe, that while we can always do better, this is a case where structural forces are the large actor here,” he told me. Pfeiffer cited three of them. The first is rising polarization—“the great sorting,” as he called it—which, over a period of decades, has driven white conservatives out of the Democratic Party and moderates out of the Republican Party, creating two ideologically homogeneous political organizations. The second is the disintegration of restrictions on campaign finance, which “gives people even more incentive to play to the far right or to a set of special-interests donors, so that one individual can basically, especially in these House races, do a $1 million expenditure and completely tip the balance.” And, finally, the news media has changed so that people select only sources that will confirm their preexisting beliefs.

All of this combined makes communication with Republicans mostly hopeless. “There’s very little we can do to change the Republicans’ political situation because they are worried about a cohort of voters who disagree with most of what the president says,” Pfeiffer said. “We don’t have the ability to communicate with them—we can’t even break into the tight communication circles to convince them that climate change is real. They are talking to people who agree with them, they are listening to news outlets that reinforce that point of view, and the president is probably the person with the least ability to break into that because of the partisan bias there.”

Pfeiffer’s reading of the red-blue impasse isn’t that it’s a permanent catastrophe. Demographic change will eventually force Republicans to compete with Democrats for some of the same voters, reopening a national political conversation that is accessible to both parties. And Democrats will find the millennial generation in play. “We’re going to have to work harder to get them registered to vote and involved, and that offers an opportunity, because while they are very progressive in some of their general leanings, they’re less tied to institutions and parties.” But that will have to happen after this administration has left the scene.

The original premise of Obama’s first presidential campaign was that he could reason with Republicans—or else, by staking out obviously reasonable stances, force them to moderate or be exposed as extreme and unyielding. It took years for the White House to conclude that this was false, and that, in Pfeiffer’s words, “what drives 90 percent of stuff is not the small tactical decisions or the personal relationships but the big, macro political incentives.”

If you had to pinpoint the moment this worldview began to crystallize, it would probably be around the first debt-ceiling showdown, in 2011, when Obama tried repeatedly and desperately to cut a budget deal with House Speaker John Boehner only to realize, eventually, that Boehner did not have the power to negotiate. The administration has now decided that in many cases, even adversarial bargaining fails because the Republican leadership is not capable of planning tactically. “You have to be careful not to presume a lot of strategy for this group,” Pfeiffer said. “I’ve always believed that the fundamental, driving strategic ethos of the Republican House leadership has been, What do we do to get through the next caucus or conference without getting yelled at? We should never assume they have a long game. We used to spend a lot of time thinking that maybe Boehner is saying this to get himself some more room. And it’s like, no, that’s not actually the case. Usually he’s just saying it because he just said it or it’s the easiest thing to solve his immediate problem.”

This analysis puts the administration at odds with the reading of American politics that still dominates much of Washington reporting. Many political journalists imagine that the basic tension for the White House lies between Obama’s liberal base and appealing to Americans at the center, who will be crucial for tipping elections.

Pfeiffer believes the dynamic is, in fact, the opposite: “The incentive structure moves from going after the diminishing middle to motivating the base.” Ever since Republicans took control of the House four years ago, attempts to court Republicans have mostly failed while simultaneously dividing Democratic voters. Obama’s most politically successful maneuvers, by contrast, have all been unilateral and liberal. “Whenever we contemplate bold progressive action,” Pfeiffer said, “whether that’s the president’s endorsement of marriage equality, or coming out strong on power-plant rules to reduce current pollution, on immigration, on net neutrality, you get a lot of hemming and hawing in advance about what this is going to mean: Is this going to alienate people? Is this going to hurt the president’s approval ratings? What will this mean in red states?” And yet this hesitation has always proved overblown: “There’s never been a time when we’ve taken progressive action and regretted it.”

This was deeply at odds with the lesson Bill Clinton and most of his aides (many of whom staffed Obama’s administration) had taken away from his presidency. But by the beginning of Obama’s second term, at least, the president seemed fully convinced. “As we were preparing for the potential that we would lose the midterms,” Pfeiffer told me, “a lot of the advice we got around town was, You have to show major contrition; heads have to roll; you have to give some sop to the Republicans. The president’s view was, No, we’re not going to do that. We’re going to go out and we’re going to be the opposite of contrite; we’re going to be aggressive in our policies and our politics. And that worked. It caused people to cheer. But that’s the exact opposite of the sort of advice you’d get in this town.”

Though the administration has wound up embracing a very different political strategy from the one it began with, one thing has remained consistent: Obama’s disdain for conventional wisdom. In his introduction to America as the keynote speaker at the 2004 Democratic National Convention, he criticized the pundits who “like to slice and dice our country into red states and blue states.” Now the pundits insist that Obama would bridge the partisan divide if only he spent more time golfing with John Boehner. Those whom Obama once dismissed as cynical he now dismisses as naïve.

Which isn’t to say that he sees his presidency as triumphant. I asked Pfeiffer about how his boss’s view of politics has changed. “He had hopes of being able to change the polarization, not just in the country, but in Washington,” Pfeiffer told me. “We learned very quickly that that was a lot harder than we thought. He will always say that his one biggest regret is that he’s been unable to deliver on that promise.”

*This article appears in the March 9, 2015 issue of New York Magazine.",1
1305,How Much Trouble Is Hillary Clinton In?,"After eking out a narrow victory in Iowa, Hillary Clinton just got beaten soundly—losing New Hampshire to Bernie Sanders by 22 percentage points, the biggest margin in a contested New Hampshire Democratic primary in decades.

Just how much trouble is Clinton in now? She’s still leading national polls, but could this big Sanders win give the socialist senator enough momentum to pose a serious threat? We put this question to top political experts. From “this is now a real campaign” to “big trouble” for Clinton to “about what I expected,” here’s what they said about Tuesday night—and just how much damage it did or didn’t do to the Clinton campaign.

‘This is now a real campaign’

Robert M. Shrum, professor of the practice of political science at University of Southern California, and a former Democratic strategist, speechwriter and media consultant

Bernie Sanders was right: This was YUGE. And not just the turnout and the margin for him. Hillary Clinton is still the favorite, but for sure this is now a real campaign. Her challenge is to convey a sense of vision that reaches people’s hearts as well as heads, and convinces them in human terms that their lives and hopes will be different if she—and they—win this election. By itself, realism is not a rallying cry. You can’t move and inspire voters by telling them: Don’t reach higher, don’t look over the horizon, settle for less than the change you want. Campaigns are not just for agenda-setting or calls to practicality; they are aspirational.

Clinton can rise to this standard. She was a superb, engaging, motivating candidate in the latter days of her 2008 effort, when she could no longer be nominated. That Clinton needs to re-emerge. And that more than anything else will make her authentic. The answer isn’t internal recrimination; in her campaign, she has some of the most talented folks in American politics. Nor is the answer simply to depend on firewalls or a series of appeals to a collection of constituencies. The demographics are important, but a message with a central theme that informs everything else, that lifts and persuades at a visceral and not simply a one-dimensional rational level, is indispensable.

‘Um … yes.’

Beth Myers, Republican political consultant and lawyer, and former adviser to Mitt Romney

Um … yes, Hillary Clinton is in big trouble. She survived a squeaker in Iowa, but suffered a shellacking in New Hampshire. Every Democrat under 30 is feeling the Bern. Her dishonesty over her email server has turned into a legal problem that keeps bubbling and bubbling and bubbling. She’s a Wall Street candidate running in an anti-establishment election cycle, delivering a muddled message to an electorate looking for clarity of vision.

Dark clouds remain on the Clinton horizon: The candidate striving to be the first woman U.S. president actually lost women by 11 points in New Hampshire. Her concession speech was gracious but uninspiring, and is unlikely to catapult her forward—she stretched to compare her own “life of service” to the service of police, teachers, firefighters and nurses. Democratic voters still have a hard time trusting her. Bernie Sanders has a lot of work to do to scale up his movement to a national campaign that can secure the Democrat nomination. But things like that have happened before.

‘Hillary Clinton isn’t in any more or any less trouble’

James Manley, director, Communications Practice, QGA Public Affairs and former communications adviser and spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid

After last night, Hillary Clinton isn’t in any more or any less trouble than she was a few days ago. The results were about what I expected. The question now is how she and her team maneuvers from here on out. Politico reported a few days ago that her campaign is considering a shake up. I am ambivalent about whether that is the right way to go or not, in part because the report suggested that instead of firing people, the campaign will just add more layers, which in my mind would be an absolute disaster. I expect her to win Nevada and South Carolina, but clearly Bernie Sanders is not going away anytime soon.

‘Should she panic? Pshaw!’ 

Jacob Heilbrunn, editor of the National Interest

Contrary to what Gloria Steinem says, it turns out it isn’t just the boys who are with Bernie but just about every category of Democratic voter—at least when it comes to New Hampshire. Suddenly Nevada, South Carolina and a welter of other states loom a lot larger for Hillary Clinton. So should she panic? Pshaw! Pundits will rush to proclaim that in New Hampshire she lost her mojo. The truth is she never had it in the first place.

If she wants to win the nomination, not to mention the presidency, Clinton needs to become the Peyton Manning of the Democratic Party. Like Manning, she’s damaged goods, but it doesn’t mean she can’t grind out a victory. Just as the Broncos rode their defense to victory in Super Bowl 50, so Clinton should forget about going on the offensive.

Rather than champion an optimistic message, which Clinton cannot plausibly sell at this point, she should focus on scaring the daylights out of the average Democratic voter about Bernie Sanders as presidential timber. Clinton can begin by pointing out that this Tuesday’s 5-4 Supreme Court move—estopping President Barack Obama’s climate change regulations—is merely a harbinger of things to come if the party abandons her, allowing the GOP to control all three branches of government come November.

‘Tuesday night’s loss is not defining for the Clinton campaign’

 Brent Colburn, fellow at the Harvard Institute of Politics, former assistant to the secretary of defense for public affairs and national communications director for Barack Obama’s 2012 campaign

The hardest thing to do when you are in the middle of a campaign is to take a step back and soberly assess the impact of events. Tuesday was a good night for Bernie Sanders and a hard night for the Clinton camp, but the important question is: What truth are these two campaigns waking up to in the morning?

The truth that the Sanders campaign won’t want to face is that Tuesday’s results don’t fundamentally change the dynamic of the Democratic race. We woke up Tuesday morning knowing that Sanders would win in New Hampshire and that the real test will be his ability to replicate that success in more diverse states like South Carolina and Nevada. We went to bed knowing that was still true.

The truth that the Clinton team isn’t going to be really happy about is that they now have to spend the next 11 days answering questions about the health of their campaign when they want to be focused on one singular goal—performing well in the upcoming primaries and starting to drive up their delegate count. The loss in New Hampshire is not defining for the Clinton campaign. How they respond and their ability to stay focused on what matters could be.

The American primary process, as strange and tortured as it can seem, does one thing very well. It publicly tests candidates and lets the American people see the mettle of those who want to be our president. And we are about to learn a lot about both Clinton and Sanders.

‘It’s still unclear whether Sanders’ momentum is only a flash in the pan’

Ron Bonjean, Republican strategist and a founding partner of the public affairs firm Rokk Solutions

Losing New Hampshire and barely winning Iowa over questionable divided caucus coin tosses is a worst-case scenario for Clinton’s campaign. Bernie Sanders has generated tremendous energy and momentum behind his victory that will make him competitive in other primary states. Clinton lacks a strong, convincing message and is basing her campaign on her experience, while Sanders has made his campaign a left-wing populist movement over changing the system. In addition, Clinton’s poor handling of questions surrounding her e-mail server and the Justice Department investigation has reinforced a thematic of dishonesty among Democratic primary voters. It’s still unclear whether Sanders’ momentum is only a flash in the pan and whether it will overwhelm Clinton’s organization and support in upcoming primary states like Nevada. His campaign will continue to have strong fundraising support, which could take on the Clinton establishment, but he will need to convince African-American and Hispanic voters in upcoming Southern states in order to put the nomination away.

‘Clinton is in real trouble unless … ’

Douglas Schoen, founding partner and principal strategist for Penn, Schoen and Berland, and a former pollster for Bill Clinton

Hillary Clinton is in real trouble unless she develops a positive, proactive message that does more than tries to imitate and match Bernie Sanders’ populist democratic socialist agenda. The time for bullet points, agenda items and recitation of progressive programs is over. She must offer a vision for where she wants to lead America and what her presidency will be about. Otherwise, she will remain vulnerable and will face a long and difficult fight for the nomination.

After she led by 56 points a year ago, Hillary Clinton’s defeat is a stunning blow to a sputtering campaign. Unlike in 1992 and 2008, when New Hampshire saved the Clintons’ political careers, the Granite State on Tuesday dealt a devastating setback. With the headlines dominated by an F.B.I. investigation, paid speeches and staff shake-ups, it’s only going to get worse for Clinton. Bernie Sanders has the enthusiasm and momentum on his side, and that spells trouble for Clinton’s future, especially in caucus states dominated by younger voters, among whom Clinton struggles the most.

‘Clinton has lost the white left of the Democratic Party’

Bill Scher, senior writer at the Campaign for America’s Future, co-host of the Bloggingheads.tv show “The DMZ” and a contributing editor at Politico Magazine

There’s no question that Hillary Clinton has lost the white left of the Democratic Party to Bernie Sanders. The question that remains is: How far left has the entire party moved, outside of the lily-white states of Iowa and New Hampshire?

The exit polls show that nearly 70 percent of the Iowa and New Hampshire Democratic electorates self-identified as “liberal,” a jump of more than 10 points in each state since 2008. In the next caucus state, Nevada, liberals made up only 45 percent of the Democratic pool in 2008. That’s more fertile territory for Clinton, but will that number rise as well? And if so, does it inevitably buoy Bernie? Or can Hillary still make the case for her progressive bona fides to a more racially diverse electorate less familiar with Sanders?

Playing the pragmatist card against Sanders’ idealism hasn’t worked. Clinton needs to be able to sell her record, qualifications and platform without sounding like a “no we can’t” buzzkill. Talking up her deal-making with Republicans doesn’t impress Democrats who see the opposing party as a wall of obstruction.

Her concession speech on Tuesday night was a step in the right direction, laying out her own inspirational vision for the future with a heavy nod toward diversity and equality. She’s on firmer ground when communicating what she is fighting for, rather than what she will settle for.

After two states with minimal (I’m being generous) demographics, this shows that the activist wing and the emerging electorate are restless. 

",1
3085,"Is Facebook to blame for making us more polarized? No, we are. (+video)","Critics have worried that the algorithm Facebook uses to determine what users see could be creating 'bubbles' that allow us to see only what we agree with. A new study finds that users are driving the trend more than Facebook itself.

Facebook users do more to seal themselves within their own political news and opinion bubbles than the social media site's algorithms do, according to a study published Thursday in the journal Science Express.

A quick Google search for the social-media giant Facebook turns up a range of provocative questions: Is Facebook making us lonely? Is Facebook losing its cool? Is Facebook dying?

Scientists at Facebook have added another: Is Facebook reinforcing ideological bubbles that users build around themselves?

Their short answer is: yes. But the effect is small compared with contributions users themselves make. Users build those bubbles through their choice of ""friends,"" what those friends share, and the extent to which users open links to news or opinion material that would offer views that run counter to the user's view.

On one level, the results, published Thursday in the online journal Science Express, suggest that for now, social media and their complex, user-focused algorithms aren't to blame for the nation's growing political polarization.

That polarization is a trend many political and information scientists see as a threat to a well-oiled democracy, which relies on people with competing ideologies working together toward shared goals. The study reinforces the observation that people are bringing to the virtual world their real-world tendencies to surround themselves with people who think like they do.

On another level, however, the small internal effect the researchers detected from Facebook's algorithm should raise warning flags, says David Lazer, a political scientist at Northeastern University who focuses in part on the impact of the internet on politics and was not a member of the study team.

""There's nothing in the algorithm that says: Let's polarize America,"" he says. But ""the simple rules that might make content more engaging may also result in this kind of bubble.""

He notes that Facebook recently tweaked it algorithm, in part to make sure a user sees more material from people a user identifies as close friends.

""Close friends are probably more similar to you in many ways than your distant acquaintances. So it's quite plausible that the change will have the unintended consequence"" of further narrowing the range of perspectives that enter a user's news feed, he says.

The new study grew out of surprising results in previous work, which looked at how users got their information on Facebook, says Eytan Bakshy, a data scientist at Facebook and the study's lead author. The earlier study found that on average, the less frequently you interact with a Facebook friend, the more likely you are to share items that come from that friend.

""To our surprise we found that the majority of information that you click on and you end up re-sharing comes from weaker ties,"" people with whom you interact relatively rarely, Dr. Bakshy says. These people ""have the potential to be more dissimilar to you.""

That raised a question: What does this imply for the notion of social media as an echo chamber in which people surround themselves only with people who think like they do?

Others have tried to tackle that question, with conflicting results – often in no small part because the sample sizes in the study groups were relatively small.

Bakshy and colleagues tapped data and activity for some 10.1 million Facebook users in the United States, using protocols that ensured their anonymity. These people had listed a political affiliation in their profiles. In addition, the team focused on shared content they dubbed hard news or opinion – politics, US news in general, and international news. No cats or children's birthday parties. Ideology of the source was based on the organization tied to a web link, rather than the content of specific articles.

When the researchers parsed the data, they found that on average, 23 percent of a user's friends are people whose politics are ""from the other side."" Despite the heavy tilt in friends toward ""like me,"" just under 30 percent of the incoming news represented the other side's perspective – so-called cross-cutting material.

Overall, the algorithm organizing what a user is most likely to see reduces cross-cutting content by slightly less than 1 percent, while a user's self-built bubble reduces that content by about 4 percent.

Given the relatively small influence of the algorithm, the results ""are not all that different from a lot of what we know about how people are acting across ideological and party lines in the real world,"" says Patrick Miller, a political scientist at the University of Kansas at Lawrence who also studies the interplay between social media and politics.

In many ways, a ""don't shoot me, I'm just the piano player"" sensibility about the study is justified, he suggests. A vast amount of social-science research has made it ""very clear that when people are building their online social networks, they're building them to reflect their offline social networks.""

And offline, people live in partisan bubbles in a country that has become increasingly polarized, he adds.

But that doesn't let Facebook off the hook as the algorithm's designer, others caution.

""Selectivity has always existed. But now we're living in different world,"" says Dietram Scheufele, who specializes in science communication at the University of Wisconsin at Madison. Facebook ""is enabling levels of selectivity that have never been possible before.""

For instance, he says, research has shown that two people with identical friends will get different news feeds from each other based on the pictures the two clicked on, posts from those friends they ""liked,"" or even something as unrelated to friends as the websites they used Facebook to log into.

Although people always have built ideological bubbles, ""that doesn't mean we have to make it worse,"" online, he says.

Yet it's also true that people would be overwhelmed by posts if some sort of sifting wasn't done ahead of time, Northeastern's Professor Lazer acknowledges.

Perhaps the study's biggest contribution is to provoke a recognition about how much information being gathered about people is being archived and used for everything from organizing and presenting Facebook news items to setting different prices on items sold on e-commerce sites based on information gathered about the purchaser.

A lot of the algorithms that focus choices based on personal profiles ""are done for our convenience, but some of it, frankly, is to exploit us,"" he says.

""I'm not saying we need to go back to the pre-internet age,"" he says. But in ""Matrix"" like fashion, the line between the real and virtual worlds are blurring, he adds.

""We have to think about what is good and what is bad. This study doesn't answer that question, but it does provoke the question. We're really behind where we should be in terms of debating these things as a society,"" he says.",1
2723,Media coverage of gang violence sure looks different when the perpetrators are white,"Over the weekend, a shootout between three rival biker gangs at a bar in Waco, Texas, left at least nine gang members dead and 18 others hospitalized with gunshot and stab wounds.

It was a huge, devastating tragedy. The New York Times reported that law enforcement sources called it ""the worst violence in the Waco area since the siege on the Branch Davidian compound in 1993 that left 86 people dead.""

But if you follow the social media conversations around the incident, you'll see something in addition to the predictable shock, curiosity, and mourning for the victims: there's frustration and anger over how the Waco shootout (whose perpetrators appear to be mostly white) is being talked about — and, specifically, how that contrasts with the coverage and commentary of crimes when the people involved are black.

Those who are using what happened in Waco to start conversations about stereotypes and media biases against black people aren't complaining about the tenor of this weekend's media coverage. They're saying something a little different: that by being pretty reasonable and sticking to the facts, this coverage highlights the absurdity of the language and analysis that have been deployed in other instances, when the accused criminals are black.

In particular, you'll see a lot of sarcasm about ""white-on-white crime"" and ""white-on-white violence.""

That's because hand-wringing over ""black-on-black"" violence is frustratingly common — especially as an attempt to derail the focus on high profile stories of police-involved deaths of black people. It's finally catching on that focusing on black-on-black crime in response to criticism of law enforcement practices doesn't make sense, but the absence of any similar refrain in cases in which the suspected criminals are white is a reminder of how the idea of intraracial crime is almost exclusively — and unfairly — brought up when black people are involved.

Another line of commentary that's predictable in media coverage and commentary surrounding violence involving black people has to do with black cultural pathology.

Politicians and pundits are notorious for grasping for problems in African-American communities — especially fatherlessness — to explain the kind of violence that, when it happens in a white community, is treated as an isolated crime versus an indictment of an entire racial group's way of life.

Politicians and pundits are notorious for grasping for problems in African-American communities

The total absence around the Waco incident of analysis of struggles and shortfalls within white families and communities is a painful reminder of this.

The ""Why are they shooting up their own neighborhood?"" question in that last tweet is a sarcastic reference to a common sentiment expressed after the Baltimore riots that followed the death of Freddie Gray, and the destructive elements of the mostly peaceful protests in Ferguson, Missouri, surrounding the police shooting of Michael Brown. It's another line of thinking that's conspicuously absent in the television and social media commentary that's surrounded the Waco shootout.

You'll also hear people lamenting that politicians, reporters, and commentators have largely refrained from calling the bike gang members ""thugs."" There's been widespread sensitivity around the racialized use of that term ever since it was deployed against slain black teen Trayvon Martin, who was killed by George Zimmerman in 2012.

This issue came up again, more recently when Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake used it to describe the young people who destroyed property when protesting Freddie Gray's death. The fact that the bike gang members accused in this case haven't been slapped with this label is an infuriating reminder of its racial undertones and the way it is so easily and disproportionately deployed against black people, either as an intentional code word of because of deep-seated stereotypes about race and criminality.

To really understand the angst over the language and analysis surrounding what happened in Waco, you have to remember that there's more going on here than just frustration with reports, cable news commentators, and Twitter reactions.

All of this is underscored and intensified by larger concerns about the way the same racial biases that fuel differences in coverage and conversation play out in real life: in the same way observers speak and write differently when black people are involved,  police — perhaps unconsciously— treat black people unfairly. Many times, these biases have deadly consequences.

That's why some observers of the Waco tragedy have taken note of the fact that the gang members in the brawl weren't brutalized or killed by the police officers who arrested them, and actually appeared to be treated with a certain level of civility.

A writer at the blog Crooks and Liars lamented, ""Check out the cell phones and smokes while they wait for the cops to process them. No rides in the paddy wagon for them. Just sit on the curb and wait until nice Mr. Policeman has a moment to process you.""

That, of course, stands in contrast to what has happened in a string of high-profile cases involving the police-involved deaths of black men who, unlike the Waco bike gang members, were entirely unarmed.

Some have interpreted the backlash as a criticism of media coverage of this particular event, and are confused about what critics want to happen here. Is the media supposed to use harsher language to describe the white bike gang members' actions? Call them thugs? Ask about their fathers?

That confusion is understandable. After all, it's not as if the media has swept this tragedy under the rug or minimized its intensity. The New York Times quoted a Waco law enforcement official who said, ""In 34 years of law enforcement, this is the worst crime scene — the most violent crime scene — that I have ever been involved in. There are dead people still there. There is blood everywhere."" Outlets aren't holding back from using the term ""gang,"" or talking about the death toll, or explaining the dynamics that led to the battle. Steve Cook, executive director of the Midwest Outlaw Motorcycle Gang Investigators Association, told Vox's Libby Nelson that the gang members are ""domestic terrorists.""

But the key thing to understand is that the criticism here is not really of the coverage of what happened in Waco. It's of the juxtaposition of what happened here with what happens when the people involved are of a different color. The message is not that the conversation about Waco should be overblown, hypercritical of an entire culture, or full of racial subtext. It's despair over the sense that if the gang members were black, it almost certainly would be.",1
4849,"Hillary Clinton’s basket of deplorables, explained","It’s not really in character for Hillary Clinton to speak in terms of vivid imagery, creative metaphors, or striking turns of phrase. But she did it over the weekend, setting off a growing firestorm of controversy that’s defined the week in politics.

“You know,” Clinton said to a friendly crowd of wealthy donors this weekend, “to just be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. Right? The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic — you name it.”

With that odd turn of phrase — basket of deplorables — Clinton sent the media-politico ecosystem into a tizzy. Donald Trump’s campaign immediately took offense on behalf of his constituents, and Clinton rather rapidly apologized. But Trump has only escalated. At a Monday night rally in North Carolina, he accused Clinton of running a “hate-filled and negative campaign” and released a television ad built around the remark.

And indeed, while Clinton apologized for painting with such a broad brush as to call fully half of Trump’s supporters deplorables, her campaign is very much sticking to the core accusation that Trump is trafficking in bigotry.

Meanwhile, some liberals think Clinton was wrong to back away from her numerical estimates. Writers like the Atlantic’s Ta-Nehisi Coates, Slate’s Jamelle Bouie, New York’s Jonathan Chait, and Vox’s own German Lopez have all argued that, as best as we can tell, Clinton was, if anything, undercounting the quantity of irredeemable bigots in Trump’s ranks.

The multifaceted controversy touches on two of the more enduring taboos in American politics — frank discussion of racism and disparaging the electorate. And it highlights the contrasting campaign strategies of the Trump and Clinton camps. It started because the Trump camp correctly sensed Clinton had made a mistake.

But it continues so viciously because it covers terrain Clinton is fundamentally comfortable with — reenforcing a dynamic in which Trump, like the television entertainer he is, chases the ever-tighter loyalty of a minority — while Clinton seeks to paint Trump as broadly unacceptable to the general population that will be voting in November.

Clinton’s remarks came in the context of what was essentially a fundraising pitch. She expressed her understanding of the fact that despite massive strides in achieving legal and social equality, LGBTQ Americans still face many challenges. “You can get married on Saturday, post your pictures on Sunday, and get fired on Monday,” she said before launching into a litany of specific policy commitments she’s made to the LGBTQ community.

Then she pivoted to the ask:

I know there are only 60 days left to make our case — and don't get complacent, don't see the latest outrageous, offensive, inappropriate comment and think, well, he's done this time. We are living in a volatile political environment. You know, to just be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. Right? The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic — you name it. And unfortunately there are people like that. And he has lifted them up. He has given voice to their websites that used to only have 11,000 people — now 11 million. He tweets and retweets their offensive hateful mean-spirited rhetoric. Now, some of those folks — they are irredeemable, but thankfully they are not America. But the other basket — and I know this because I see friends from all over America here; I see friends from Florida and Georgia and South Carolina and Texas, as well as, you know, New York and California — but that other basket of people are people who feel that the government has let them down, the economy has let them down, nobody cares about them, nobody worries about what happens to their lives and their futures, and they're just desperate for change. It doesn't really even matter where it comes from. They don't buy everything he says, but he seems to hold out some hope that their lives will be different. They won't wake up and see their jobs disappear, lose a kid to heroin, feel like they're in a dead end. Those are people we have to understand and empathize with as well. And what I hope is that in addition to your extraordinary generosity, you will go to our website, HillaryClinton.com, or text to join at 47246 to see how else you can get involved.

To be persnickety about it, the problem here is that Clinton is somewhat herself.

The upshot of Clinton’s quasi-apology is to disavow the second claim while increasing her bet on the first. Their strategy was boosted when Donald Trump Jr. responded to the controversy by Instagramming a pro-Trump meme image featuring Pepe the Frog, a common white nationalist symbol (that’s an explainer for another day, but Olivia Nuzzi’s primer is a good place to start) and then Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence went on CNN and refused to call former KKK grand wizard David Duke deplorable, suggesting the current Republican Party is in a tough spot when it comes to white nationalists.

Clinton’s use of the phrase “deplorables” at the LGBTQ gala was not unique. Earlier in the week, in an English-language interview on Israeli television, Clinton explained, “If I were to be grossly generalistic, I'd say you can take Trump supporters and put them in two big baskets. There are what I call the deplorables.” And then there are the rest — lots of basically good, decent Americans who she believes don’t buy into the ugly side of what Trump is saying but who are so desperate to see change in American politics that they are willing to vote for Trump.

Writing at Slate, Ben Zimmer suggests that the “basket of deplorables” construction entered Clinton’s mind by way of analogy with the term “parade of horribles,” which, starting in the 1920s, “entered legal usage as a dismissive term for imagined concerns about a ruling's negative effects.”

Clinton is an attorney by training, so Zimmer thinks she would be accustomed to that particular instance of nouning an adjective.

Actual English-language use of “deplorables” as a term for a group of people, however, is quite rare, though Zimmer did find Thomas Carlyle in 1831 writing that “of all the deplorables and despicables of this city and time the saddest are the ‘literary men.’”

In general, this type of linguistic term suggests to me the vocabulary of revolutionary France (and, indeed, Carlyle wrote an early history of the French Revolution). This vocabulary is probably most familiar to the mass audience from the musical and book Les Misérables, with its invocation of “the miserables” as a term for the French urban poor. But the revolutionary era also gave us Les Enragés (“the enraged”) as a term for a loose group of radical polemicists, the Sans-Culottes (“the pantsless,” i.e., people who were the opposite of fancy pants) for the Paris mob, and other instances of nouning adjectives to give a name to social classes.

Wherever Clinton got it from exactly, it seems that in her LGBTQ gala she committed the cardinal political spin of mixing up two different spiels.

One spiel, the one that includes the phrase “deplorables,” is intended to set the stage for a rhetorical pivot to the idea that the vast majority of Trump supporters aren’t deplorable. She wants to say that they are, mostly, simply confused. They are frustrated by the political status quo, as is she, and she hopes that if she wins she can deliver change and prosperity and win them over despite their doubts.

The other spiel is intended to recapitulate the themes of Clinton’s speech on Trump and the alt-right in which she denounces Trump individually for elevating a handful of extreme and hateful voices that early Republican leaders would have marginalized. By crossing the rhetorical streams, Clinton wound up saying that fully half of Trump supporters belong in the tiny basket of hateful extremists. Whatever one makes of that as a question of demographics, it doesn’t make sense as a piece of political rhetoric, which is why Clinton backed away from it.

In the overwhelmingly white community of political journalists, it felt natural to take the fact that Clinton had made a political error as the starting point of analysis and proceed from there. But a group of writers, disproportionately and not coincidentally composed of people of color, wanted to press the point that Clinton was probably correct. Her political error, if there was an error, was in breaking the taboo around saying that racial bias is a potent and widespread force in contemporary American life.

As Lopez wrote for Vox, public opinion polling strongly suggests that a great majority of Trump supporters hold unfavorable views of Muslims and support a policy that bans Muslims from entering the US. Most of them support proposals that stifle immigration from Mexico, and they agree with Trump’s comments that Mexican immigrants are criminals. And many — but not a majority — say that black people are less intelligent and more violent than their white peers.

In particular, a Reuters/Ipsos polling analysis of the GOP primary showed that Donald Trump’s supporters stood out from backers of the other GOP candidates primarily in having highly negative attitudes toward nonwhite groups.

Whether the “deplorables” are really half of Trump’s current general election voters depends a bit on how you count, but it’s at least a plausible estimate.

One important nuance about this that liberals sometimes miss is that even though there’s a lot of reason to believe racial hostility was key to Trump’s rise, there’s very little reason to think that white racism in general is more widespread in 2016 than it was 20 or 30 years ago. Rather, as Lee Drutman writes separately for Vox, the issue is that “whites with strong racist attitudes turned much more sharply Republican following Obama's election, including some who had previously been Democrats.”

Back in the 1980s and ’90s, the Democratic Party was already identified as being more aligned with black interests, but the election of an actual black president combined with the growth of the nonwhite population kicked that identification into overdrive. Racially resentful whites left the Democratic Party, and Democrats decided they could build a winning coalition without them, turning racial attitudes into a powerful axis of partisan conflict.

Aaron Blake at the Washington Post immediately reacted to the news of Clinton’s remarks by asking “Did Hillary Clinton just make her own ‘47 percent’ gaffe?”

This is a reference to a secret video recording released to Mother Jones in September 2012 that showed Mitt Romney at a closed-door fundraiser explaining that there was a 47 percent floor on Barack Obama’s support:

These remarks rapidly entered the lexicon of political operatives and journalists as a textbook example of a damaging gaffe, so framing Clinton’s remarks as a potential new “47 percent moment” is meant to play up their potential consequences.

However, just as the actual Hurricane Katrina did not have the political impact that the search for “Obama’s Katrina” implies, there is little reason to believe the 47 percent gaffe hurt Romney. Indeed, in their excellent empirical account of the 2012 campaign The Gamble, John Sides and Lynn Vavreck find that none of the many well-covered gaffes of the 2012 season made much of a difference. On a high level, the economic fundamentals favored an Obama victory, which is what happened, and Romney proved more popular than virtually every GOP Senate nominee, which indicates that at the end of the day the party chose a fairly effective messenger.

Despite what I wrote above, it is widely believed in professional political circles that the 47 percent gaffe hurt Romney, so it’s natural for practitioners to leap at the chance to relive it. Beyond that, despite some recent tightening in the polls, Trump is still losing.

Indeed, he has been consistently losing from day one of this election. At times he’s made it close, but he’s never been ahead. His best chance of winning would probably be some kind of economic calamity, but it’s already mid-September, so he’s running a bit short on time. (Remember, though, that in 2008 Obama was the beneficiary of a spectacular financial meltdown in October, so anything can happen). He has to try to do something, and the big push around deplorables is indeed something.

Beyond that, the basket of deplorables idea reenforces a longstanding conservative contention that liberal coastal elites fundamentally despise white working-class Americans. They view white working-class culture as backward, white working-class politics as bigoted, and white working-class community problems as fundamentally less worthy of addressing than those of downscale black and Latino communities.

In that sense, the Clinton gaffe is reminiscent of Barack Obama’s characterization of “small town” politics from the 2008 primary as full of people who “get bitter, they cling to guns or religion or antipathy toward people who aren't like them or anti-immigrant sentiment or anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations.”

It’s worth noting, however, that Obama and Clinton were in a sense positioning themselves on opposite ends of the liberal spectrum of views on this matter. Obama was essentially a premature proponent of the “economic anxiety” school of Trump Studies, promoting the view that all of conservative cultural politics is a massive case of false consciousness in which residents of failing economic communities cling bitterly to guns, religion, and racism, which in turn induces them to vote for mainstream Republicans.

Clinton, meanwhile, is offering the considerably more mainstream view that one reason many Americans are planning to vote for a man who says racist stuff is that a large share of those Americans agree with the racist stuff he says.

While some critics see Clinton’s willingness to back away from her comments as a sign of cowardice or expediency, the norm against attacking the other party’s constituents has a real logic to it.

“We are all Republicans, we are all Federalists,” said Thomas Jefferson in his inaugural address that marked the first peaceful transfer of power between political parties in American history. “If there be any among us who would wish to dissolve this Union or to change its republican form, let them stand undisturbed as monuments of the safety with which error of opinion may be tolerated where reason is left free to combat it.”

This can read as simply banal two centuries later, but it’s worth considering it in context. A losing party whose members fear the other party will persecute them if they lose and go into opposition has every reason to resist giving up power peacefully. And a winning party that fears the other party will resist giving up power has every reason to persecute the losers.

Preventing a downward spiral of violence and civil conflict requires the winners to reassure the losers that they are not losing everything by giving up power. Reassuring the losing party’s supporters that they are not the targets of personal enmity on the part of the winning party’s leaders is key to that.

It’s since become traditional for newly elected presidents to mouth some version of this message almost ritualistically. And like many rituals, it’s actually pretty important, even if cynics are inclined to roll their eyes at it — the quadrennial reminder that we are Americans with policy disagreements, not warring tribes, is crucial civic glue.

What ties together the 47 percent, the bitter clingers, and the basket of deplorables is an apparent tradition of violating this ritual at fundraising talks — badmouthing not the opposition party but its voters in an effort to rationalize away the fact that the candidate won’t be able to secure their votes.

The fact that he’s been consistently losing tends to obscure this, but Trump has a lot of advantages in the 2016 race. Clinton herself is very unpopular with the American mass public, and she has a notoriously poor relationship with the American news media. People with liberal public policy views but weak institutional and emotional attachments to the Democratic Party overwhelmingly voted for her opponent in the primaries, and there is a real risk of them either not voting in November or else pulling the lever for Gary Johnson or Jill Stein.

The nation’s overall “policy mood” typically shifts in the opposite direction of the incumbent president, and the Obama years have been no exception.

Indeed, in state after state — from New Hampshire to Nevada to Ohio to Florida and beyond — virtually every Republican Party Senate candidate is performing better than Trump.

Trump’s strong personal affiliation with racism is not the only reason this is the case, but it is one of the reasons. In the primaries, Trump’s willingness to court racial controversy worked in his favor because most Republicans take the view that discrimination against nonwhites is an overblown problem in the United States.

This view commands overwhelming support among Republicans, but few prominent Republican Party officeholders have championed it because it’s not popular with the public at large. Trump’s willingness to say and do things that other presidential contenders wouldn’t say or do — that all Muslims should be banned from the United States or that Mexican immigrants are a physical threat to Americans’ safety — thrilled the primary electorate but alienates general election voters.

Trump, by loudly and proudly defending white Americans from charges of racism, intensifies his bond with his core base of racially resentful working-class whites. That’s an excellent strategy for pumping up rally crowds or building a hypothetical future media business, but does nothing to help him reach the people — minorities and racially liberal whites — who find him disturbing.

Back during the heyday of Richard Nixon’s Southern strategy, Pat Buchanan, then an adviser to the White House, wrote that by playing cultural wedge politics “we can break the country in half and it will leave us with far the larger half.”

Trump, who is backed by Buchanan and advised by the old Nixon hand Roger Ailes, is employing the exact same strategy today — except 40 years of demographic changes mean he’s left with the smaller half.",1
2879,Islamic State appears to be fraying from within,"The Islamic State ­appears to be starting to fray from within, as dissent, defections and setbacks on the battlefield sap the group’s strength and erode its aura of invincibility among those living under its despotic rule.

Reports of rising tensions between foreign and local fighters, aggressive and increasingly unsuccessful attempts to recruit local citizens for the front lines, and a growing incidence of guerrilla attacks against Islamic State targets suggest the militants are struggling to sustain their carefully cultivated image as a fearsome fighting force drawing Muslims together under the umbrella of a utopian Islamic state.

The anecdotal reports, drawn from activists and residents of areas under Islamic State control, don’t offer any indication that the group faces an immediate challenge to its stranglehold over the mostly Sunni provinces of eastern Syria and western Iraq that form the backbone of its self-proclaimed caliphate. Battlefield reversals have come mostly on the fringes of its territory, while organized opposition remains unlikely as long as viable alternatives are lacking and the fear of vicious retribution remains high, Syrians, Iraqis and analysts say.

The bigger threat to the Islamic State’s capacity to endure, however, may come from within, as its grandiose promises collide with realities on the ground, said Lina Khatib, director of the Carnegie Middle East Center in Beirut.

“The key challenge facing ISIS right now is more internal than external,” she said, using another term for the group. “We’re seeing basically a failure of the central tenet of ISIS ideology, which is to unify people of different origins under the caliphate. This is not working on the ground. It is making them less effective in governing and less effective in military operations.”

Most striking are the growing signs of friction between the foreigners lured by its state-building experiment and local recruits, who have grown resentful of the preferential treatment meted out to the expatriates, including higher salaries and better living conditions.

[Read: The Islamic State is failing at being a state]

Foreign fighters get to live in the cities, where coalition airstrikes are relatively rare because of the risk of civilian casualties, while Syrian fighters are required to serve in rural outposts more vulnerable to attacks, said an activist who opposes the Islamic State and lives in the town of Abu Kamal on Syria’s border with Iraq. The activist spoke on the condition of anonymity.

Shootouts have erupted on several occasions on the streets of the town, including one last week between foreign fighters and Syrians who refused an order by a Kuwaiti commander to deploy to the front lines in Iraq, the activist said. The Syrian faction, under the command of Saddam Jamal, a former Free Syrian Army leader, remains in the town, keeping a tense and wary distance from the faction led by the Kuwaiti, he said.

In an incident in the Iraqi city of Ramadi in January, local allies battled a group made up mostly of Chechens after the foreigners decided to head back to Syria, according to Hassan al-Dulaimi, a retired police general who works with tribal fighters aligned against the Islamic State. “The Iraqis feared they were being abandoned,” he said.

There have been signs, too, that some foreign jihadists are growing disillusioned, with activists in the Syrian provinces of Deir al-Zour and Raqqa describing several instances in which foreigners have sought local help to escape across the border to Turkey. The bodies of between 30 and 40 men, many of whom appeared to be Asian, were found last month in the Raqqa town of Tabqa. They are thought to be the remains of a group of jihadist fighters who tried to flee but were caught, according to the activist group Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, which monitors Islamic State activities.

New restrictions on travel in and out of areas controlled by the Islamic State have been imposed in recent weeks, including a prohibition on truck drivers transporting men without permission, the activist group says. Public executions, a core component of Islamic State discipline, have in recent weeks been extended to about 120 of the group’s own members, according to the ­Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.

Some were accused of spying and one of smoking, but suspicions are widespread that most were simply fighters caught trying to flee.

Meanwhile, territorial losses in northern Syria and elsewhere in Iraq are contributing to the sense that the group that stunned the world with its triumphant sweep through Iraq and Syria last summer is now not only on the defensive but also struggling to find a coherent strategy to confront the multiple forces ranged against it.

The Islamic State is battling major offensives waged on at least three fronts — by Kurds in northern Syria, Kurds in northern Iraq and the combined force of Iraqi army and Shiite militia fighters advancing on the central Iraqi city of Tikrit. Islamic State fighters have also been expanding into eastern areas of the Syrian provinces of Homs and Damascus, but the incremental advances there aren’t as spectacular as its conquests last year.

[In campaign against terrorism, U.S. enters period of pessimism and gloom]

Most of the setbacks have come in non-Sunni areas, such as the Kurdish enclave around Kobane or the mixed province of Diyala in eastern Iraq, where the Islamic State’s territorial ambitions may have been doomed by the absence of allies on the ground.

A far bigger test of the Islamic State’s military capabilities is the battle underway for control of Tikrit, the Sunni home town of Saddam Hussein. As the ethnic and sectarian sentiments driving the fight for territory harden across Syria and Iraq, a victory for the overwhelmingly Shiite forces would also test the ability of non-Sunni groups to retain hold over conquered Sunni territories, analysts say.

The Islamic State’s losses in terms of land and blood have been fairly substantial, including the loss of hundreds of villages around the Kurdish town of Kobane in Syria, near the northern Iraqi town of Sinjar and in the eastern Iraqi province of Diyala.

The battles appear to have taken a high toll on the group’s strength, estimated at about 20,000 foreigners alongside an unknown number of Iraqis and Syrians. The Pentagon claimed last week that coalition airstrikes have killed 8,500 fighters, though that figure can’t be confirmed.

Syrians say the bloodshed is deterring the recruitment of local citizens who were clamoring a few months ago for the opportunity to earn salaries by joining the only new source of employment available.

Increasingly, the Islamic State is recruiting fighters among children and teens who remain more vulnerable than older adults to the group’s propaganda, said a businessman living in Raqqa who last week paid condolences to family friends whose 15-year-old son had been killed on the front line.

The parents didn’t know he had gone to fight and learned of his death from a neighbor just days after he had disappeared from home, recalled the businessman, who, like others interviewed, spoke on the condition of anonymity because he fears for his safety.

Intensified efforts to persuade Syrians to go to the front lines in Iraq include offers of up to $800 a month in salary, according to Ahmed Mhidi, who arrived in Turkey two weeks ago from the Syrian city of Deir al-Zour and is setting up an opposition group called DZGraph. The offer has won few takers, he said.

The Islamic State “was never popular, but people supported them because they were scared or they needed money,” he said. “Now people want nothing to do with them, and if the Islamic State puts pressure on them, they just flee.”

The province of Deir al-Zour, bordering Iraq, appears to be where opposition to the Islamic State is hardening the most. Small-scale attacks involving ambushes of Islamic State patrols or checkpoints are on the rise — including one that killed 12 members of a feared police group Sunday.

[The atrocities of the Islamic State]

Foreigners continue to volunteer, streaming across the Turkish border into the Islamic State’s self-styled capital of Raqqa, according to residents there. The city’s population has been swelled by thousands of Europeans, Asians, Arabs and Africans. Upon arrival they are given cars and apartments, and they mill about among the city’s cafes and markets, lending a cosmopolitan air to streets where foreigners once were rare, according to Abu Ibrahim al-Raqqawi, the pseudonym of one of the founders of the Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently group, who now lives in Turkey.

Many of the foreigners show little inclination to travel to the front lines, he said. “They just want to live in the Islamic State,” he said. “They didn’t come to fight.”

How useful they would be to the Islamic State’s military efforts is also in question, said the Carnegie Middle East Center’s Khatib.

“Ultimately, they are only attracting people on the margins of society, without much education or useful skills,” she said. “It’s not exactly bolstering their military capability.”

Sam Rifaie and Mustafa Salim contributed to this report.

Iraq officials cast doubt on prospects for an early offensive to retake Mosul

The Islamic State is failing at being a state

The Islamic State ‘caliphate’ is in danger of losing its main supply route",1
2979,Patriot Act provisions have expired: What happens now?,"Washington (CNN) The U.S. government on Monday found itself with fewer tools to investigate terrorism -- at least temporarily -- after the Senate let provisions of the Patriot Act expire Sunday night.

While officials warned of national security risks, it is clear that the lapse will not come close to debilitating counterterrorism efforts.

The Senate entered a debate period late Sunday on the Patriot Act that pushed beyond the midnight deadline, effectively ending three provisions of that law, including the National Security Agency's bulk data collection program.

The lapse was a huge victory for privacy hawks who have called for changes to that program and others under the Patriot Act since Edward Snowden first blew the lid off the NSA's domestic surveillance programs in 2013.

The National Security Agency officially shut down the bulk metadata collection program officially at 7:44 p.m. Sunday night, a senior government official told CNN. Officials had previously indicated they would shut the program down around 8 p.m. to ensure all procedures were in place before midnight military time.

The Senate is expected to restore the expiring authorities midweek, but here's what we know will change between now and then:

What counterterrorism tools does the U.S. lose?

The government loses authorities under three Patriot Act provisions.

The biggest and most controversial is the government's sweeping powers under Section 215 that allow the NSA to collect telephone metadata on millions of Americans and store that data for five years. That is, for the time being, gone.

Law enforcement officials also won't be allowed to get a roving wiretap to track terror suspects who frequently change communications devices, like phones. Instead, they will need to get individual warrants for each new device.

And third, the government loses a legal provision allowing it to use national security tools against ""lone wolf"" terror suspects if officials can't find a connection to a foreign terror group such as ISIS, for example. But that provision has never been used, the Justice Department confirmed.

The House overwhelmingly passed a bill, the USA Freedom Act, that would make big changes to the first, but leave the latter two provisions intact.

That bill would have the telephone companies hold Americans' telephone metadata and require the government to get a specific warrant to seize any telephone metadata -- and not on millions of people, but instead on specific individuals.

So those tools are now completely gone?

FBI and NSA officials are allowed to continue using Section 215 and the roving wiretap provision in investigations they began before the June 1 expiration date.

Any new investigations will have to go without the roving wiretaps and the ability to petition the secret FISA court for warrants to seize business records, like telephone metadata, in terrorism cases. That court was established under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to provide warrants in national security cases.

The NSA's bulk metadata collection program was actually slated to end at 8 p.m. ET Sunday to ensure the government is in compliance with the deadline by midnight in military time as well.

The process of winding down that program was ongoing last week, and the NSA was slated to cut off its connections to telecommunications companies starting at 4 p.m. ET Sunday.

Why is it such a long process?

Officials said the government began ""winding down"" the bulk data collection program during the week leading up to the deadline.

A U.S. administration official who spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive information said ""taking down the system"" involves shutting off inputs between telecom companies and U.S. intelligence, ""bringing down servers"" and configuring ""our monitoring software"" to keep officials from accessing any data at telecommunication companies.

""We lock the system down so that there is no chance that data comes or data could be accessed during that time frame,"" the official said.

And the Department of Justice spent last week communicating the potential changes to its authority to collect data to telecommunications companies, according to a Justice Department official and a telecommunications company official familiar with the process.

""Really it's about just letting them know that on midnight on the 31st, they're not going to be able to provide the legal documents and the warrant and we're not going to give them anything,"" the telecommunications company official said.

The Justice Department official pointed to ""legal and technical processes that need to occur"" for the program to shut down.

So could America be less safe?

Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said in a statement on Friday the United States ""would lose entirely an important capability that helps us identify potential U.S. based associates of foreign terrorists.""

But opponents aren't convinced. Instead, they're determined not to let fears over national security trump civil liberties and privacy concerns.

The American Civil Liberties Union said Thursday that ""efforts to short-circuit reform efforts should not be allowed to succeed.""

""Allowing the provisions of the Patriot Act to sunset wouldn't affect the government's ability to conduct targeted investigations or combat terrorism,"" the ACLU said. ""The government has numerous other tools, including administrative and grand jury subpoenas, which would enable it to gather necessary information.""

What are the facts on the expiring capabilities?

As it stands, several official review boards -- including a presidential review group and a government privacy oversight board -- found that the bulk metadata collection program was not essential to thwarting a single terror plot.

The Obama administration endorses the plan under the USA Freedom Act to transform that program.

The roving wiretaps provision that can be used in terrorism cases is used less than 100 times per year, but officials could be in a bind when it comes to new investigations.

Authorities could still obtain standard wiretaps on a suspected terrorists' phone, but a new phone requires a new warrant.

Justice Department spokesman Marc Raimondi said the top-secret nature of the investigations make even that a challenge.

""When we're chasing a terrorist or a spy, almost everything we have is highly, highly classified. Normal courts are not set up to handle that,"" he said.

Officials say the rising threat of lone wolves -- including those inspired by ISIS, but not ordered -- raises the need to maintain that provision of the Patriot Act.

But they concede the provision had not been used, even as the FBI has increasingly focused its efforts on lone wolves.",1
1088,Sanders has gotten nastier. Does it help explain his staying power?,"When Bernie San­ders launched his long-shot bid for the presidency 10 months ago, there were two words that rarely crossed his lips: Hillary Clinton.

Now he can’t seem to stop talking about her — and not much of what he has to say is very nice.

During a boisterous rally here, the senator from Vermont dinged Clinton for supporting a series of “disastrous” trade deals. He mocked her for refusing to release transcripts of paid speeches she gave to Wall Street firms. He said she was wrong to vote for the Iraq War in 2002.

The transformation has been stark. What’s less clear is whether Sanders’s rhetoric helps explain his lasting power in a nominating contest that appears likely to drag on for weeks, considering the mounting number of victories he has scored in key states.

So far, the evidence is mixed. In Michigan last week, Sanders won a surprising though narrow victory after closing a gap of more than 20 percentage points in the polls. He was relentless in the days before the election in criticizing Clinton on trade. But Sanders also got trounced the same day in Mississippi — albeit a state where he didn’t mount much of a campaign.

Tuesday — a day when five states hold primaries — should give a better indication of whether Sanders’s tough talk is paying off.

One of those contests is in Illinois, and Sanders isn’t holding back as he campaigns here. In Chicago on Friday, Sanders even took aim at Clinton for her close association with Mayor Rahm Emanuel (D), whose approval ratings are in the tank, particularly among black Chicagoans.

“I want to thank Rahm Emanuel for not endorsing me. I don’t want his endorsement!” Sanders screamed, to the delight of a crowd estimated at 9,000 people. “I don’t want the endorsement of a mayor who is shutting down school after school and firing teachers.”

To drive home his point, San­ders held a news conference the next day devoted entirely to Emanuel. He told reporters that if he were Clinton, he would have refused the mayor’s support.

Compared with the Republican presidential race and other elections in past years, the Democratic contest remains relatively tame. But the Bernie Sanders who is fighting to remain relevant in the delegate chase against Clinton sounds quite different from the Sanders whose chief antagonist was the “billionaire class” when he debuted on the campaign trail last spring.

Analysts say Sanders’s decision to attack Clinton more aggressively is understandable: It’s what candidates who are behind tend to do. But in Sanders’s case, he risks damaging his brand as an anti-establishment politician who has boasted about never running negative television ads and pledged to stay positive in his bid for the Democratic nomination.

“When you’re promising to run a different kind of campaign, it’s never good to look like you’re running the same kind of campaign that other politicians do,” said Mo Elleithee, executive director of the Institute of Politics and Public Service at Georgetown University. “It’s a risk, but it’s a calculated risk, and one they seem willing to take.”

In an interview, Sanders acknowledged that he’s adopted a tougher tone but said he has tried to stick to the issues and not engage in character attacks. To the extent that the race has turned more negative, Sanders said, Clinton is to blame.

“We’re responding,” Sanders said. “I find it disappointing when the secretary mischaracterizes my record.”

Sanders was particularly galled, he said, by Clinton’s assertion during their recent debate in Flint, Mich., that he had opposed releasing funds to bail out the automobile industry — an issue of keen interest to voters in Michigan, given Detroit’s long history as the capital of the auto industry.

Most fact checkers who looked into Clinton’s statement concluded she wasn’t telling the whole story.

In 2008, Sanders voted for an unsuccessful stand-alone bill to provide aid to the auto industry. The bill Clinton referenced came later, and its primary purpose was to bail out Wall Street, something Sanders staunchly opposed. Some money authorized in the bill wound up flowing to major U.S. automakers, though.

“To say that Bernie Sanders, who has perhaps the strongest pro-worker voting record in the United States Congress, does not support automobile workers in their time of need . . . is totally absurd,” Sanders said. “It’s unfortunate that she made that statement.”

Sanders and his aides have tried to argue that none of his TV ads mention Clinton by name. But some leave little to the imagination.

On Friday, Sanders debuted a pair of ads in Illinois and North Carolina, another state that votes Tuesday, that say that “while his opponent has flip-flopped on trade deals, Bernie has fought them and stood with American workers.”

Clinton’s positions on some trade deals, including the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership, have, in fact, evolved. As secretary of state, she called the TPP “the gold standard” of trade deals. Last fall, she announced her opposition, which she stated even more strongly over the weekend. She has said she now has a fuller picture of what’s being proposed.

In the interview, Sanders said voters have a right to know where he and his opponent diverge.

“The differences are becoming fairly clear to the American people, and the more the differences between her views and my views get out there, the better we’ll be,” he said.

Clinton doesn’t see it that way. During an appearance Saturday in St. Louis, she said Sanders “has decided to close this election by attacking me and misrepresenting my record and his.”

Clinton spokesman Jesse Ferguson said Clinton’s campaign thinks Sanders has “broken his word” about running a positive race.

During a rally Saturday in Springfield, Mo., Sanders continued to hammer Clinton on trade, saying their views diverged on the North American Free Trade Agreement, which was approved when her husband was in the White House in the 1990s.

“I understood at the end of about three seconds that what this trade deal was about was forcing American workers to compete against very, very poor people in Mexico,” Sanders told his audience.

“I have voted against every one of these disastrous trade agreements,” he said. “Secretary Clinton’s position has been different. She has supported virtually every one of these trade agreements.”

Boos filled the arena at the mention of Clinton’s position.

Sanders has also raised questions about Clinton’s judgment, zeroing in on her decision to deliver a series of paid speeches to corporate interests in the run-up to her presidential bid. That included some addresses to the Wall Street firm Goldman Sachs, which paid her $225,000 for one speech.

On that subject, Sanders hasn’t hesitated to take a snide tone.

“The way I see it, if you’re going to give a speech and get $225,000, it must be a really brilliant speech,” Sanders told a crowd at the University of Illinois on Saturday. “It must be opening new vistas of human thought.”

He also knocked Clinton for refusing to release transcripts of those speeches to the public. She has said she would do so when other candidates are held to the same standard.

“Let me make a dramatic announcement to all of you here today,” Sanders sarcastically told his crowd. Saying he was ready to release transcripts of his Wall Street speeches, he swung open his arms to reveal nothing. “Here they are!” he said.

The danger for Sanders, Elleithee said, is not that he will lose die-hard supporters with his tougher tone but that it could be harder to attract new ones — including some who like Clinton and are still weighing whether to vote for her.

Some Sanders fans, including Samuel Nebinger, who turned out Saturday night to see the candidate in Springfield, say they’re not bothered by the more pointed rhetoric. Nebinger said he welcomes it.

Nebinger, 21, recently dropped out of Missouri State University, he said, because it was too expensive, and he now works at a local call center. He was wearing a shirt that said “Help Us, Bernie, You’re Our Only Hope.”

“He wanted to run it clean at first,” Nebinger said. “But he needed to go on the offensive, because she’s been doing so many corrupt things. She did that to herself.”",1
5178,Poll: Clinton's Lead Over Trump Slips After Florida Shooting,"The poll, conducted from Monday to Friday, showed Clinton, the presumptive Democratic nominee, with a 10.7 point lead among likely voters over Trump, her likely Republican rival in the November presidential election. That's down from a lead of 14.3 points for Clinton on Sunday, the day an American-born shooter who declared allegiance to militant group Islamic State killed 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida.

Trump seized on the attack to sharpen his security proposals, saying he would block immigration to the United States from any country with a ""proven history of terrorism"" against America and its allies if elected. The pledge fine-tuned an earlier vow, made after the attacks last year in Paris and California, to ban the entry of all Muslims into the United States.

He also called for measures to make it more difficult for suspected terrorists to obtain firearms, veering from the Republican Party's general opposition to gun control.

While Trump's comments on both Muslims and guns dismayed some Republican elites, they may have cheered some voters.

Some 45 percent of Americans said they supported Trump's idea to suspend Muslim immigration, up from 41.9 percent at the start of the month, according to the poll. Meanwhile, about 70 percent of Americans, including a majority of Democrats and Republicans, said they wanted to see at least moderate regulations and restrictions on guns, up from 60 percent in similar polls in 2013 and 2014.

Clinton focused her response to the Orlando attack on the need to boost intelligence gathering and defeat Islamic State and what she called ""radical jihadist terrorism,"" while warning against demonizing Muslim-Americans. She also repeated her calls for tougher gun control measures, including a ban on assault weapons.

As usual after a major attack, ""terrorism"" jumped to the top concern among all adults in the poll - rising above the economy, health care and other major issues.

The poll's five-day average showed that 45.5 percent of likely American voters supported Clinton, while 34.8 percent supported Trump, and another 19.7 percent did not support either candidate. On Sunday, Clinton's support was at 46.6 percent, versus Trump's 32.3 percent.

The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English with adults living in the continental United States, Alaska and Hawaii. The political horserace poll included 1,133 likely voters and has a credibility interval, a measure of the poll's accuracy, of 3.4 percentage points.",1
1906,"Clinton Foundation: 'Yes, we made mistakes'","In a blog post out Sunday, Foundation acting CEO Maura Pally reaffirmed its commitment to transparency, but nevertheless said some errors had occurred.

""Yes, we made mistakes, as many organizations of our size do, but we are acting quickly to remedy them, and have taken steps to ensure they don't happen in the future,"" Pally wrote.

While the details of the Clinton Foundation's operations are complex and date back almost a decade, they have thrown a wrench in the ""ramp up"" period of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. Instead of focusing solely on early presidential states, like the campaign had hoped, many of her top aides spent the last week answering questions about the foundation and its tangled relationship to numerous foreign donors.

In a new book ""Clinton Cash,"" writer Peter Schweizer alleges that the Foundation, led until recently by likely Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, let some donors to the foundation have undue influence on the charity's work and State Department actions. Schweizer said Sunday that he did not have ""direct evidence"" of ethical misconduct, but said the pattern he uncovered should raise eyebrows and trigger an investigation.

The Clinton Foundation has drawn fire both from Schweizer and from reports in The New York Times and other outlets for some of the work of a subsidiary of the philanthropy, the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership, which is backed by Frank Giustra, a Canadian mining company owner who has been a big donor to the Foundation. RELATED: Clinton 'ready' for attacks in wake of book story Pally said that donations to the Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership weren't publicly disclosed because Canada bars the names of donors from being released without their consent. ""This is hardly an effort on our part to avoid transparency,"" Pally wrote. She also explained the Foundation's plans to refile tax returns after reports emerged that the philanthropy had made errors in recent years. Pally said the Foundation had not intentionally under reported revenue, but rather accidentally combined revenue from government grants with contributions from donors. Pally stressed the Foundation was working to rectify the errors. ""We are committed to operating the Foundation responsibly and effectively to continue the life-changing work that this philanthropy is doing every day,"" she said. Hillary Clinton resigned from the Foundation's board immediately after declaring her presidential run. Shortly after, the Foundation unveiled new a new donor disclosure schedule and said it would only accept foreign donations from six countries. The Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership was started in 2007 when Giustra brought the idea to Bill Clinton, according to a spokesperson for Giustra. The initiative is an arm of the Clinton Foundation, meaning its donors are disclosed on the Clinton Foundation website. Giustra pledged $100 million at the start of the enterprise and in order to help fund the initiative, a Clinton Foundation spokesperson said Giustra also established The Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership (Canada) in 2007. The Canadian charity was signed off on by the Clinton Foundation, the foundation spokesperson said. Both a Giustra and foundation spokesperson said that the Canadian arm charity was founded in order to allow other Canadian philanthropists to donate to the enterprise and receive a tax credit. But because the charity is operated in Canada, it falls under different laws than groups in the United States. ""Under Canadian laws, charitable donors have a right to privacy,"" said Giustra's spokesperson. ""When a donor gives money to a Canadian charity in confidence, and in the process provides his or her personal information, under Canadian law a fiduciary relationship is established between the Canadian charity toward the donor concerning the use of private information that the donor has provided."" Giuistra's spokesperson would not detail the group's donors, but said that no one from the Clinton Foundation was briefed on donations to The Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership (Canada) because that would have broken Canadian law. ""To maintain a fiduciary relationship between Canadian donors and Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership (Canada) with regard to disclosure of donor information, prior consent must be first obtained from each and every Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership (Canada) donor agreeing to disclose their donor information to any other person or organization,"" the spokesperson said. Schweizer, however, was on ABC on Sunday, where the author argued that there was a smoking gun in the book. ""The smoking gun is in the pattern of behavior,"" he said of the Clintons. All of these explanations by people close to the Clintons, though, have not stemmed the tide of mounting ethical questions being poised by Clinton's detractors. Many Republican operatives see the story as clean hit against Clinton, and one that will make a convincing ad once the campaigns start in earnest. ""These new revelations,"" Republican National Committee spokeswoman Allison Moore said on Thursday, ""continue to raise serious questions about Hillary Clinton's judgment as Secretary of State.""",1
2046,Jeb 2016: The Bush battle within,A verdict in 2017 could have sweeping consequences for tech startups.,1
537,"In Iowa, potential candidates compete for 2016 spotlight","(CNN) Politicians, journalists and conservative activists will swoop into Des Moines this weekend for a major gathering of Republicans that's widely viewed as the first cattle call this cycle for the GOP presidential race.

Close to 10 potential candidates will speak at the daylong Iowa Freedom Summit on Saturday, co-hosted by the group Citizens United and Rep. Steve King, a high-profile Republican from Iowa with serious clout among social conservatives.

With Iowa the first state to vote in the presidential nominating season, it's considered a must-stop for White House hopefuls on both sides of the aisle, and this weekend gives 2016 players a chance to roll out their message to core caucus-goers, strategists say.

Among those expected to speak are New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, former Texas Gov. Rick Perry, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, renowned neurosurgeon Ben Carson, former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania and former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina.

Notably, the top two potential contenders in the GOP race -- Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney -- are bypassing the event, both citing scheduling conflicts.

Also skipping Iowa this weekend are Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, who took a pass on a similar Iowa gathering of conservatives back in August, and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, who's holding his own retreat with donors and supporters in Miami Beach this weekend as he prepares to make a 2016 decision.

Rubio and Paul, however, will join Cruz to speak at an event in Palm Springs, California, on Sunday that's hosted by a group backed by the Koch Brothers.

The odd one out?

One of the most highly anticipated speakers is Christie, who's considered the one-not-like-the-others at this weekend's assembly. Twice elected in a blue state, Christie's staked out more moderate and pragmatic territory on the political spectrum.

He angered social conservatives when he dropped a legal challenge in 2013 against a court ruling that got rid of New Jersey's same-sex marriage ban. He also stirred up some controversy when he at first declined to offer his opinion on the Supreme Court's ruling in favor of Hobby Lobby last year, which said private companies cannot be required to pay to cover some types of contraceptives for their employees.

When talking about social issues, Christie has largely focused on his efforts to enhance drug rehabilitation programs in his state, especially for non-violent criminals with drug convictions.

The governor has made five trips to Iowa in the past year, including stops to help raise money for King and Gov. Terry Branstad.

With Romney and Bush soaking up much of the attention and resources among establishment Republicans, the summit will provide Christie a chance to stand out and earn points for simply showing up.

""In terms of optics, I think its clear that Gov. Christie intends to run — and has every intention to speaking to as many Iowans as possible,"" said Nick Ryan, a Republican strategist from Iowa. ""That's how you build a winning coalition — and he seems to get that.""

What we'll be looking for

Christie has also been mum on his views about immigration reform. Political observers will be watching to see what candidates say about the issue in Iowa this week. King, one of the GOP's most vocal and flashy opponents of a pathway to citizenship for undocumented workers, made headlines recently when he referred to a guest at the State of the Union address as a ""deportable.""

While King's comments on immigration have agitated even those within his party, he's still considered popular in his home state and a highly sought after name when candidates stop through Iowa.

Other issues that could get frequent mention this weekend include same-sex marriage and abortion. Both topics have seen renewed attention in the last week, after the Supreme Court decided a week ago to take up same-sex marriag e this year. The court will essentially decide whether states have the right to ban gay and lesbian couples from getting married.

Also on the social front, the House, in a battle that pitted Republicans against each other, passed a measure Thursday banning all taxpayer money for abortions after it failed to pass a bill that would ban so-called ""late -term"" abortions. This week also marked the 42nd anniversary of the Roe v. Wade decision, and tens of thousands of anti-abortion rights activists marched in the nation's capital to bring attention to the issue.

Like Christie, some Republicans have also taken on criminal justice reform and anti-poverty policies as key talking points in their platforms. We'll see how potential candidates tackle those issues this weekend, especially as the party on the national level has made efforts to appeal to a wider audience.

Several of the potential candidates plan to stay longer in Iowa. Huckabee has book signings on Sunday in Cedar Rapids and Windsor Heights, Iowa, while Perry is staying until Monday and Santorum until Tuesday for multiple events throughout the state.",1
2990,U.S. secretly tracked billions of calls for decades,"WASHINGTON — The U.S. government started keeping secret records of Americans' international telephone calls nearly a decade before the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, harvesting billions of calls in a program that provided a blueprint for the far broader National Security Agency surveillance that followed.

For more than two decades, the Justice Department and the Drug Enforcement Administration amassed logs of virtually all telephone calls from the USA to as many as 116 countries linked to drug trafficking, current and former officials involved with the operation said. The targeted countries changed over time but included Canada, Mexico and most of Central and South America.

Federal investigators used the call records to track drug cartels' distribution networks in the USA, allowing agents to detect previously unknown trafficking rings and money handlers. They also used the records to help rule out foreign ties to the bombing in 1995 of a federal building in Oklahoma City and to identify U.S. suspects in a wide range of other investigations.

The Justice Department revealed in January that the DEA had collected data about calls to ""designated foreign countries."" But the history and vast scale of that operation have not been disclosed until now.

The now-discontinued operation, carried out by the DEA's intelligence arm, was the government's first known effort to gather data on Americans in bulk, sweeping up records of telephone calls made by millions of U.S. citizens regardless of whether they were suspected of a crime. It was a model for the massive phone surveillance system the NSA launched to identify terrorists after the Sept. 11 attacks. That dragnet drew sharp criticism that the government had intruded too deeply into Americans' privacy after former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked it to the news media two years ago.

More than a dozen current and former law enforcement and intelligence officials described the details of the Justice Department operation to USA TODAY. Most did so on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to publicly discuss the intelligence program, part of which remains classified.

The DEA program did not intercept the content of Americans' calls, but the records — which numbers were dialed and when — allowed agents to map suspects' communications and link them to troves of other police and intelligence data. At first, the drug agency did so with help from military computers and intelligence analysts.

That data collection was ""one of the most important and effective Federal drug law enforcement initiatives,"" the Justice Department said in a 1998 letter to Sprint asking the telecom giant to turn over its call records. The previously undisclosed letter was signed by the head of the department's Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs Section, Mary Lee Warren, who wrote that the operation had ""been approved at the highest levels of Federal law enforcement authority,"" including then-Attorney General Janet Reno and her deputy, Eric Holder.

The data collection began in 1992 during the administration of President George H.W. Bush, nine years before his son, President George W. Bush, authorized the NSA to gather its own logs of Americans' phone calls in 2001. It was approved by top Justice Department officials in four presidential administrations and detailed in occasional briefings to members of Congress but otherwise had little independent oversight, according to officials involved with running it.

The DEA used its data collection extensively and in ways that the NSA is now prohibited from doing. Agents gathered the records without court approval, searched them more often in a day than the spy agency does in a year and automatically linked the numbers the agency gathered to large electronic collections of investigative reports, domestic call records accumulated by its agents and intelligence data from overseas.

The result was ""a treasure trove of very important information on trafficking,"" former DEA administrator Thomas Constantine said in an interview.

The extent of that surveillance alarmed privacy advocates, who questioned its legality. ""This was aimed squarely at Americans,"" said Mark Rumold, an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation. ""That's very significant from a constitutional perspective.""

Holder halted the data collection in September 2013 amid the fallout from Snowden's revelations about other surveillance programs. In its place, current and former officials said the drug agency sends telecom companies daily subpoenas for international calling records involving only phone numbers that agents suspect are linked to the drug trade or other crimes — sometimes a thousand or more numbers a day.

Tuesday, Justice Department spokesman Patrick Rodenbush said the DEA ""is no longer collecting bulk telephony metadata from U.S. service providers."" A DEA spokesman declined to comment.

The DEA began assembling a data-gathering program in the 1980s as the government searched for new ways to battle Colombian drug cartels. Neither informants nor undercover agents had been enough to crack the cartels' infrastructure. So the agency's intelligence arm turned its attention to the groups' communication networks.

Calling records – often called ""toll records"" – offered one way to do that. Toll records are comparable to what appears on a phone bill – the numbers a person dialed, the date and time of the call, its duration and how it was paid for. By then, DEA agents had decades of experience gathering toll records of people they suspected were linked to drug trafficking, albeit one person at a time. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, officials said the agency had little way to make sense of the data their agents accumulated and almost no ability to use them to ferret out new cartel connections. Some agents used legal pads.

""We were drowning in toll records,"" a former intelligence official said.

The DEA asked the Pentagon for help. The military responded with a pair of supercomputers and intelligence analysts who had experience tracking the communication patterns of Soviet military units. ""What they discovered was that the incident of a communication was perhaps as important as the content of a communication,"" a former Justice Department official said.

The military installed the supercomputers on the fifth floor of the DEA's headquarters, across from a shopping mall in Arlington, Va.

The system they built ultimately allowed the drug agency to stitch together huge collections of data to map trafficking and money laundering networks both overseas and within the USA. It allowed agents to link the call records its agents gathered domestically with calling data the DEA and intelligence agencies had acquired outside the USA. (In some cases, officials said the DEA paid employees of foreign telecom firms for copies of call logs and subscriber lists.) And it eventually allowed agents to cross-reference all of that against investigative reports from the DEA, FBI and Customs Service.

The result ""produced major international investigations that allowed us to take some big people,"" Constantine said, though he said he could not identify particular cases.

In 1989, President George H.W. Bush proposed in his first prime-time address using ""sophisticated intelligence-gathering and Defense Department technology"" to disrupt drug trafficking. Three years later, when violent crime rates were at record highs, the drug agency intensified its intelligence push, launching a ""kingpin strategy"" to attack drug cartels by going after their finances, leadership and communication.

In 1992, in the last months of Bush's administration, Attorney General William Barr and his chief criminal prosecutor, Robert Mueller, gave the DEA permission to collect a much larger set of phone data to feed into that intelligence operation.

Instead of simply asking phone companies for records about calls made by people suspected of drug crimes, the Justice Department began ordering telephone companies to turn over lists of all phone calls from the USA to countries where the government determined drug traffickers operated, current and former officials said.

Barr and Mueller declined to comment, as did Barr's deputy, George Terwilliger III, though Terwilliger said, ""It has been apparent for a long time in both the law enforcement and intelligence worlds that there is a tremendous value and need to collect certain metadata to support legitimate investigations.""

The data collection was known within the agency as USTO (a play on the fact that it tracked calls from the U.S. to other countries).

The DEA obtained those records using administrative subpoenas that allow the agency to collect records ""relevant or material to"" federal drug investigations. Officials acknowledged it was an expansive interpretation of that authority but one that was not likely to be challenged because unlike search warrants, DEA subpoenas do not require a judge's approval. ""We knew we were stretching the definition,"" a former official involved in the process said.

Officials said a few telephone companies were reluctant to provide so much information, but none challenged the subpoenas in court. Those that hesitated received letters from the Justice Department urging them to comply.

After Sprint executives expressed reservations in 1998, for example, Warren, the head of the department's drug section, responded with a letter telling the company that ""the initiative has been determined to be legally appropriate"" and that turning over the call data was ""appropriate and required by law."" The letter said the data would be used by authorities ""to focus scarce investigative resources by means of sophisticated pattern and link analysis.""

The letter did not name other telecom firms providing records to the DEA but did tell executives that ""the arrangement with Sprint being sought by the DEA is by no means unique to Sprint"" and that ""major service providers have been eager to support and assist law enforcement within appropriate bounds."" Former officials said the operation included records from AT&T and other telecom companies.

A spokesman for AT&T declined to comment. Sprint spokeswoman Stephanie Vinge Walsh said only that ""we do comply with all state and federal laws regarding law enforcement subpoenas.""

Agents said that when the data collection began, they sought to limit its use mainly to drug investigations and turned away requests for access from the FBI and the NSA. They allowed searches of the data in terrorism cases, including the bombing of a federal building in Oklahoma City that killed 168 people in 1995, helping to rule out theories linking the attack to foreign terrorists. They allowed even broader use after Sept. 11, 2001. The DEA's public disclosure of its program in January came in the case of a man charged with violating U.S. export restrictions by trying to send electrical equipment to Iran.

At first, officials said the DEA gathered records only of calls to a handful of countries, focusing on Colombian drug cartels and their supply lines. Its reach grew quickly, and by the late 1990s, the DEA was logging ""a massive number of calls,"" said a former intelligence official who supervised the program.

Former officials said they could not recall the complete list of countries included in USTO, and the coverage changed over time. The Justice Department and DEA added countries to the list if officials could establish that they were home to outfits that produced or trafficked drugs or were involved in money laundering or other drug-related crimes.

The Justice Department warned when it disclosed the program in January that the list of countries should remain secret ""to protect against any disruption to prospective law enforcement cooperation.""

At its peak, the operation gathered data on calls to 116 countries, an official involved in reviewing the list said. Two other officials said they did not recall the precise number of countries, but it was more than 100. That gave the collection a considerable sweep; the U.S. government recognizes a total of 195 countries.

At one time or another, officials said, the data collection covered most of the countries in Central and South America and the Caribbean, as well as others in western Africa, Europe and Asia. It included Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iran, Italy, Mexico and Canada.

The DEA often — though not always — notified foreign governments it was collecting call records, in part to make sure its agents would not be expelled if the program was discovered. In some cases, the DEA provided some of that information to foreign law enforcement agencies to help them build their own investigations, officials said.

The DEA did not have a real-time connection to phone companies' data; instead, the companies regularly provided copies of their call logs, first on computer disks and later over a private network. Agents who used the system said the numbers they saw were seldom more than a few days old.

The database did not include callers' names or other identifying data. Officials said agents often were able to identify individuals associated with telephone numbers flagged by the analysis, either by cross-referencing them against other databases or by sending follow-up requests to the phone companies.

To keep the program secret, the DEA sought not to use the information as evidence in criminal prosecutions or in its justification for warrants or other searches. Instead, its Special Operations Division passed the data to field agents as tips to help them find new targets or focus existing investigations, a process approved by Justice Department lawyers. Many of those tips were classified because the DEA phone searches drew on other intelligence data.

That practice sparked a furor when the Reuters news agency reported in 2013 that the DEA trained agents to conceal the sources of those tips from judges and defense lawyers. Reuters said the tips were based on wiretaps, foreign intelligence and a DEA database of telephone calls gathered through routine subpoenas and search warrants.

As a result, ""the government short-circuited any debate about the legality and wisdom of putting the call records of millions of innocent people in the hands of the DEA,"" American Civil Liberties Union lawyer Patrick Toomey said.

Listen to Brad Heath detail his investigation into decades of bulk data collection in the audio player below:

The NSA began collecting its own data on Americans' phone calls within months of Sept. 11, 2001, as a way to identify potential terrorists within the USA. At first, it did so without court approval. In 2006, after The New York Times and USA TODAY began reporting on the surveillance program, President George W. Bush's administration brought it under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, which allows the government to use secret court orders to get access to records relevant to national security investigations. Unlike the DEA, the NSA also gathered logs of calls within the USA.

The similarities between the NSA program and the DEA operation established a decade earlier are striking – too much so to have been a coincidence, people familiar with the programs said. Former NSA general counsel Stewart Baker said, ""It's very hard to see (the DEA operation) as anything other than the precursor"" to the NSA's terrorist surveillance.

Both operations relied on an expansive interpretation of the word ""relevant,"" for example — one that allowed the government to collect vast amounts of information on the premise that some tiny fraction of it would be useful to investigators. Both used similar internal safeguards, requiring analysts to certify that they had ""reasonable articulable suspicion"" – a comparatively low legal threshold – that a phone number was linked to a drug or intelligence case before they could query the records.

""The foundation of the NSA program was a mirror image of what we were doing,"" said a former Justice Department official who helped oversee the surveillance. That official said he and others briefed NSA lawyers several times on the particulars of their surveillance program. Two former DEA officials also said the NSA had been briefed on the operation. The NSA declined to comment.

There were also significant differences.

For one thing, DEA analysts queried their data collection far more often. The NSA said analysts searched its telephone database only about 300 times in 2012; DEA analysts routinely performed that many searches in a day, former officials said. Beyond that, NSA analysts must have approval from a judge on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court each time they want to search their own collection of phone metadata, and they do not automatically cross-reference it with other intelligence files.

Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., then the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, complained last year to Holder that the DEA had been gathering phone data ""in bulk"" without judicial oversight. Officials said the DEA's database was disclosed to judges only occasionally, in classified hearings.

For two decades, it was never reviewed by the Justice Department's own inspector general, which told Congress it is now looking into the DEA's bulk data collections.

Holder pulled the plug on the phone data collection in September 2013.

That summer, Snowden leaked a remarkable series of classified documents detailing some of the government's most prized surveillance secrets, including the NSA's logging of domestic phone calls and Internet traffic. Reuters and The New York Times raised questions about the drug agency's own access to phone records.

Officials said the Justice Department told the DEA that it had determined it could not continue both surveillance programs, particularly because part of its justification for sweeping NSA surveillance was that it served national security interests, not ordinary policing. Eight months after USTO was halted, for example, department lawyers defended the spy agency's phone dragnet in court partly on the grounds that it ""serves special governmental needs above and beyond normal law enforcement.""

Three months after USTO was shut down, a review panel commissioned by President Obama urged Congress to bar the NSA from gathering telephone data on Americans in bulk. Not long after that, Obama instructed the NSA to get permission from the surveillance court before querying its phone data collection, a step the drug agency never was required to take.

The DEA stopped searching USTO in September 2013. Not long after that, it purged the database.

""It was made abundantly clear that they couldn't defend both programs,"" a former Justice Department official said. Others said Holder's message was more direct. ""He said he didn't think we should have that information,"" a former DEA official said.

By then, agents said USTO was suffering from diminishing returns. More criminals — especially the sophisticated cartel operatives the agency targeted — were communicating on Internet messaging systems that are harder for law enforcement to track.

Still, the shutdown took a toll, officials said. ""It has had a major impact on investigations,"" one former DEA official said.

The DEA asked the Justice Department to restart the surveillance program in December 2013. It withdrew that request when agents came up with a new solution. Every day, the agency assembles a list of the telephone numbers its agents suspect may be tied to drug trafficking. Each day, it sends electronic subpoenas — sometimes listing more than a thousand numbers — to telephone companies seeking logs of international telephone calls linked to those numbers, two official familiar with the program said.

The data collection that results is more targeted but slower and more expensive. Agents said it takes a day or more to pull together communication profiles that used to take minutes.

The White House proposed a similar approach for the NSA's telephone surveillance program, which is set to expire June 1. That approach would halt the NSA's bulk data collection but would give the spy agency the power to force companies to turn over records linked to particular telephone numbers, subject to a court order.",1
3920,"Opinion: Hillary Clinton, a mistake for 2016 - .com","Democrats seem poised to choose their next presidential nominee the way Republicans often choose theirs: according to the principle of ""next in line.""

Hillary Clinton came second in the nomination fight of 2008. If she were a Republican, that would make her a near-certainty to be nominated in 2016. Five of the past six Republican nominees had finished second in the previous round of primaries. (The sixth was George W. Bush, son of the most recent Republican president.)

Democrats, by contrast, prefer newcomers. Six of their eight nominees since 1972 had never sought national office before.

Obviously, past performance is no guarantee of future results. Democrats chose the next guy in line in 2000 -- Vice President Al Gore -- and they may well do so again. But speaking from across the aisle, it's just this one observer's opinion that Democrats would be poorly served by following the Republican example when President Obama's term ends.

Hillary Clinton is 14 years older than Barack Obama. A party has never nominated a leader that much older than his immediate predecessor. (The previous record-holder was James Buchanan, 13 years older than Franklin Pierce when the Democrats chose him in 1856. Runner-up: Dwight Eisenhower, 12 years older than his predecessor, Thomas Dewey.)

Parties have good reasons to avoid reaching back to politicians of prior generations. When they do, they bring forward not only the ideas of the past, but also the personalities and the quarrels of the past.

One particular quarrel that a Hillary Clinton nomination would bring forward is the quarrel over the ethical standards of the Clinton White House -- and, maybe even more, of the Clintons' post-White House careers. Relying on Hillary Clinton's annual financial disclosure reports, CNN reported last year that former President Bill Clinton had earned $89 million in speaking fees since leaving the White House in 2001. Many of these earnings came from foreign sources. In 2011 alone, the former president earned $6.1 million from 16 speeches in 11 foreign countries.

Is it an ethical problem for the husband of the person charged with the foreign affairs of the United States to earn so much foreign-sourced income? Let's rephrase that question: How much time do Democrats wish to spend arguing the ethics of Bill Clinton's foreign earnings over the 2016 political cycle?

Yet the biggest risk to Democrats from a Hillary Clinton nomination is not that it would be generationally backward-looking -- or that it would reopen embarrassing ethical disputes -- but that it would short-circuit the necessary work of party renewal.

After eight years in the White House, a party requires a self-appraisal and a debate over its way forward. Bill Clinton offered Democrats just such a debate in 1992 with his ""New Democrat"" ideas. Barack Obama offered another in 2008 with his careful but unmistakable criticism of Clinton-era domestic policies and Hillary Clinton's Iraq war vote. But if Hillary Clinton glides into the nomination in 2016 on the strength of money, name recognition, and a generalized feeling of ""It's her turn,"" then Democrats will forgo this necessary renewal.

Here's what could happen instead in 2016:

One candidate could seek the Democratic nomination on a platform of keeping faith with the ideals of the pre-presidential Obama: closing Guantanamo, ending targeted killings, and so on.

Another Democrat could run to represent those Democrats who supported Bill Clinton back in the 1990s, and who worry that the Obama administration has drifted too far to the left: spending too much, ignoring budget deficits, getting into too many fights with business.

Yet another could run as a full-throated defender of the Obama legacy, updating the 1988 George H.W. Bush ""stay the course"" message.

This would be a real debate that would summon forth hard thinking about how Democrats might govern their country if returned for a third presidential term (as could very well happen, given the continuing political weakness of the GOP).

A Hillary Clinton campaign would want to shut down any such debate before it starts. It would want to inherit the Democratic nomination and then the presidency as an estate in reversion: a debt long owed, now collected. If successful, it would arrive in office without a platform and without much of a mandate. That's not a formula for an effective presidency -- or a healthy democracy.",1
1740,"Scott Walker's campaign is in deep, deep trouble","Over the last few weeks, the news for Scott Walker's presidential campaign has been getting grimmer and grimmer:

The last of those points above is particularly ominous. Word of money problems often serves as the canary in the coal mine — signifying an imminent campaign collapse. And they can start a downward spiral, leading supporters to jump ship and fundraising to dry up because the candidate looks more and more like a loser.

For instance, it got out in early August that Rick Perry's campaign was no longer paying staffers due to poor fundraising. Perry managed to hang in the race for one more month, but everyone could see he was a dead man walking. He finally quit after failing to qualify for this week's debate.

If Walker already isn't paying his consultants, fundraising has likely fallen well short of expectations, and the campaign has committed to much more spending than it can afford (Johnson and Gold report that there are 90 full-time staffers). If so, it would be possible for Walker to radically downsize his operation and stay in the race — John McCain did just that in 2007, and won the nomination.

But it would be a tough road ahead. The next debate is a long way away, and there's no indication that Donald Trump is going to stop monopolizing media attention anytime soon. Meanwhile, the host of that debate, CNBC, hasn't announced how it will determine who qualifies — but if it uses national polls, like Fox News and CNN did, Walker could be in serious danger of failing to make the cut.

As far back as 2014, and especially earlier this year, Scott Walker has seemed, on paper, to be a fantastic Republican candidate. He was elected three times in a blue state, and while governor of Wisconsin, he fought hard for conservative priorities in a way that impressed both the GOP's base and its elites.

But presidential campaigns aren't fought on paper, and, in person, Scott Walker simply isn't compelling or attention-grabbing. I argued nearly a year ago that Walker's lack of charisma would be his biggest problem ""in a world where primary candidates rise and fall in the polls based partly on their performance in televised debates.""

Indeed, Walker led the polls in Iowa up until just before the first presidential debate August 6. Afterward, he plummeted, as you can see in this RealClearPolitics chart:

Walker's lack of charisma isn't his only problem. He's also proven unexpectedly feckless on the issues, changing his position on topics like immigration in various insincere-seeming ways. But it was when Republicans got a look at all the candidates onstage — seeing Walker live, rather than on paper — that his position in Iowa collapsed. He hasn't stopped falling since.

Still, I'd be surprised if Walker dropped out any time soon. He's built his political brand on his willingness to fight and he seems to be a true believer. Indeed, he's now vowing that he'll stay in the race and focus entirely on winning the Iowa caucuses. All the recent caucus winners — Rick Santorum, Mike Huckabee, Barack Obama, and John Kerry — surged in the polls quite late. He's invested so much of his reputation in the race already — so he might as well stick it out a few more months.",1
873,Donald Trump's big night: Don't underestimate him,"The evening leaves him with a strong moral case for the Republican nomination, and everyone trying to work out what the heck he'll actually do with it. Expect a more moderate tone. Trump, believe or not, is showing signs of political sophistication.

The lingering GOP argument against a Trump nomination is that a) he remains unpopular with the wider electorate and that b) the delegate count is still stacked against him. It's true that he heads into tougher, more western terrain after the Acela primaries; it's also true that Ted Cruz and John Kasich have forged an alliance to stop him. They make an unlikely Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, but they're determined to go down with a fight.

They'll probably lose. True, Trump is a surprisingly unpopular front-runner who hasn't enjoyed huge majorities in primaries -- until now. The argument used to be that as the field narrowed and the GOP organized a counteroffensive, Trump would hit a natural ceiling of support and start losing.

The opposite appears to be true: the narrower the race, the better he does. Aside from sweeping all five states on Tuesday, he won every single demographic in most of them. He even did well in the Philadelphia suburbs, areas that often function as a predictor of how a nominee will do in November. His support has proven to be as wide as it is deep, undivided by class, gender or income. There is no evidence that the counter revolutionary alliance is popular enough -- or Trump unpopular enough -- to stop him.

The True Trump is the part he's playing By the time that the Republicans gather in Cleveland, they are going to have to face up to an uncomfortable truth. Yes, Trump's victory has been built largely on pluralities. But no, the Republican Party has not been able to find an alternative that Republican voters are prepared to endorse. Trump is nominee almost by default. Which leaves us with two questions. First, how will he navigate the convention? His victory speech heralded a change in tone. Lots of promises to unify and heal and reach out to the disgruntled, even a few nice words about the media. It was ""moderate energy."" Behind the scenes, Trump's campaign has promised to hire speechwriters and he's practicing with a teleprompter. Evidence is growing that the establishment is prepared to take a second look. Reince Priebus, the GOP chair with the hardest job in the Western world, has warned conservatives that there will be no alternative to the nominee. So there's every likelihood that the convention could reach a peaceful accord; the GOP might yet rally around its front-runner. That said, you can never be sure with Trump. The man is unpredictable. For that reason, the answer to the second question -- how will he run in the fall? -- remains equally unclear. It is said that he's tacked a little to the left recently. He has, supposedly, argued that transgender people should be able to use the restrooms they want and that the Republican platform should support legal abortion in certain instances. But are these positions the product of strategic thinking or Trump finding his feet as a new arrival to the world of conservatism? Very shortly after he questioned North Carolina's bathroom bill, Trump said that it was actually a state issue and the federal government should stay out. And his views on abortion have vacillated from suggesting women could face punishment to now being a little more liberal. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on the 'woman card' Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on the 'woman card' Moreover, even if Trump's private instincts are socially tolerant, the Democrats won't define him that way in the fall campaign. In her Tuesday night speech, Hillary Clinton hammered away at the social issues and promised to ""break down barriers"" rather than ""build walls,"" asserting that ""love trumps hate."" After delivering each of these slogans, Clinton did that weird thing she does where she nods at what she just said as though she wasn't the one saying it. Her visuals are often a little baffling, but her message is utterly disciplined: Clinton will fight Trump on Trump's reputation as a bigot rather than the reality of Trump as a complex man without a clearly defined politics. Clinton, however, had better watch out. The scale of Trump's latest victories indicates that he does have the potential to break through a wall of negative media, hit the economic issues effectively and drag his opponents down with sheer strength of will. This campaign cycle is slowly evolving from a narrative of Trump as a ""surprise winner"" to Trump as a potential nominee. The votes haven't dried up as a result; there's still a lot of enthusiasm for him out there. When Trump described Tuesday as his ""biggest night,"" he was probably right.",1
3909,Obama hits 50% approval rating in poll,"Another poll, more evidence that President Obama's stock is rising among the American public.

A new Washington Post-ABC News poll put Obama's approval rating at 50%, his highest since the spring of 2013 in this particular survey.

That's also nine points higher than it was in December, a month after voters gave Republicans control of the Senate and increased the GOP majority in the U.S. House.

Good economic news appears to be fueling Obama's improved ratings in a string of recent polls.

The Post/ABC survey also shows an American public sharply divided along Democratic and Republican lines, at odds as to whether the view of Obama or the GOP should prevail.

""Despite the partisan divisions on most issues, a substantial majority of Americans continue to see political dysfunction in Washington as a big problem. After years of political standoffs, there is considerable skepticism about whether the two sides can overcome their political differences to ease what has become a chronic problem ...

""The Post-ABC survey puts the president's approval rating slightly higher than some other recent public polls. But most have shown improvement since the November elections as the president has moved aggressively and unilaterally on issues such as immigration and climate change.""",1
527,Obama Wants To End The Era Of Sequestration,"The spending proposal will almost assuredly get strong pushback from Republicans in Congress, who now control both the House and the Senate and wield even more power than they did four years ago. For that reason alone, the budget is another sign of a president feeling unhindered in his final years of office and eager to take advantage of an improving economy.

Details of the budget have been guarded closely by administration and Capitol Hill officials. But sources on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue said Obama will propose increasing discretionary spending by about $70 billion (several sources cautioned the proposed increase likely will be slightly less). The money would be divided equally between defense and non-defense accounts.

“The President will propose to end the across-the-board sequester cuts that threaten our economy and our military,"" a White House official said. ""The President’s budget will fully reverse those cuts for domestic priorities, and match those investments dollar-for-dollar with the resources our troops need to keep America safe.”

An administration official told The Huffington Post that the spending additions the president will outline -- which appear larger than those he proposed in last year's budget -- would be offset by cutting spending and closing tax loopholes. The overall budget, the official added, would have measures to reduce the deficit through a similar combination of savings.

For Republicans, the proposal will likely be perceived as fiscally reckless, if not politically brazen. After all, it was the GOP wins in the 2010 election that set the stage for sequestration's across-the-board budget cuts in the first place.

After that election cycle, Obama attempted to craft several debt-reduction deals with House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) as a nod to conservative victories. But the deals never came to fruition. And in the summer of 2011, as the debt ceiling was nearly breached, the two sides fell back on an exchange that neither truly liked.

Under The Budget Control Act of 2011, spending was reduced by nearly $1 trillion and Congress created the so-called Super Committee to find roughly $1.5 trillion more in savings. When the committee failed to find consensus, mandatory sequestration cuts kicked in, forcing more than $1 trillion in cuts over 10 years. Sequestration was delayed a few months starting at the beginning of 2013. But by March of that year, it was law of the land.

Though Republicans have lamented sequestration's effects on defense operations -- and some have worried about non-defense programs in their districts -- they have largely resisted proposals to replace sequestration with any package that includes tax hikes.

“Republicans believe there are smarter ways to cut spending than the sequester and have passed legislation to replace it multiple times, only to see the president continue to demand tax hikes,"" said Cory Fritz, a spokesman for Boehner. ""Until he gets serious about solving our long-term spending problem it’s hard to take him seriously.""

But Obama also may find critics of his budget proposal on his side of the aisle -- for not being bolder. A roughly $70 billion increase may seem healthy, if not daring. But as The New York Times noted, it represents a small portion of a budget expected to reach $3.9 trillion, and it comes at a time when the deficit is shrinking. Senate Budget Committee ranking member Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), for one, has called for a major government investment in infrastructure and other domestic priorities well beyond where the Obama administration appears willing to go.

The administration’s hope is that somewhere in the ideological middle (albeit closer to the liberal side of the divide), there will be enough lawmakers to forge a majority.

Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash) were able to craft a deal to alleviate some of the budget cuts brought on by sequestration in December 2013. A request for comment from Ryan’s office was not returned late Wednesday night.",1
1369,Clinton or Trump: Who’s less truthful?,"If Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump wind up in the general election, we certainly will have a contest — for the less truthful and less in-touch candidate. This weekend was a perfect example of two candidates who live in their own reality.

Hillary Clinton in the debate Saturday night argued that Donald Trump was “becoming ISIS’s best recruiter.” She insisted, “They are going to people, showing them videos of Donald Trump insulting Islam and Muslims in order to recruit more radical jihadists.” There is no such video, and her statement has been rated “false” by fact checkers. Nevertheless, her campaign team insists this is so.

Not to be outmatched in the fantasy department, Trump is still insisting thousands of Muslims were celebrating 9/11 in New Jersey. This too is false, and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has repeatedly said it did not happen.

Scarily, these candidates’ larger worldviews are at odds with reality as well. Trump basks in the compliments of Russian President Putin and — incredibly — claims there is no evidence suggesting Putin killed journalists. (“But, in all fairness to Putin, you’re saying he killed people. I haven’t seen that. I don’t know that he has.”) Apparently he will buy into the notion that thousands of Muslims were celebrating 9/11 but insists on Putin’s fingerprints on the gun before acknowledging Putin’s hand in the deaths of scores of journalists. Someone should tell Trump that Putin’s regime also kills businessmen’s lawyers.

Trump’s world is not so different from the far-left world in which the United States has been the troublemaker (“Well, take a look at — take a look at — excuse me, take a look at the rampage all over the place“) and civil rights atrocities in dictatorial regimes around the globe are no big deal.

Then there is Hillary Clinton’s worldview, in which the Obama-Clinton foreign policy is a success. She’s insisted the Russian “reset” worked. In Saturday’s debate, she proclaimed, “We now finally are where we need to be. We have a strategy and a commitment to go after ISIS which is a danger to us as well as the region, and we finally have a U.N. Security Council resolution bringing the world together to go after a political transition in Syria.” In its own way, this is as stunning as Trump’s non-facts. The president’s military advisers and secretary of defense acknowledge that the Islamic State is not contained. Innocents have been slaughtered in Paris and San Bernardino, Calif. Russia and Iran are backing Bashar al-Assad. And the administration has stopped saying Assad must go. The bloody civil war rages on. Our Sunni Arab allies do not trust us. We have helped revive the Iranian economy and in turn allowed Iran to redouble its support for Assad, Hezbollah and others. If she thinks a U.N. resolution is going to make things better, she truly is in her own universe. Yes, siree, we are right where we want to be.

We can only hope one or both parties finds someone to nominate grounded in reality. For seven years we have had a president who imagines the world is as he wishes it to be, who thought (among other things): The world would be improved if the United States receded, we shouldn’t rock the boat by backing the Green Revolution;  there was a fatwa against nukes in Iran; and without the United States as the dominant presence the Middle East, we would do just fine. Picking someone equally if not more delusional than President Obama will have serious implications for the United States and the world.",1
617,Bobby Jindal governing like it's 2016,Ohio Democrat Tim Ryan does a lot of media but only has 2 public supporters,1
879,Bernie Sanders Blames Closed Primaries As Path To The Nomination Narrows,"Sen. Bernie Sanders suffered a crushing defeat Tuesday night, losing three out of five states to Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton by significant margins at press time.

In a speech shortly after most polls closed at 8 pm, Sanders blamed his loss on closed primaries, which barred independent voters from participating in four of five primaries. He did win Rhode Island, which allows participation by independent voters.

“In a general election, Democrat, independent, Republican, has the right to vote for president. The elections are not closed primaries,” Sanders said. “Those folks and independents all over this country will be voting in November for the next president of the United States. And in most cases, we win the independent vote by a 2–1 margin.”

Clinton made another strong showing Tuesday night with non-white voters and city dwellers. Exit polls indicated strong support in cities like Baltimore.

Baltimore pastor Jamal Bryant, who had been working to get out the vote for Sanders in Baltimore’s inner city, lamented that the Vermont senator has not done better with communities of color, who have overwhelmingly backed Clinton.

“He more than any candidate, Democrat or Republican, speaks to our issues,” Bryant told ThinkProgress, noting his progressive racial justice and criminal justice proposals. “I would have thought he’d have more black and brown supporters. But there’s been a translation problem. The gatekeepers have already sworn allegiance to the Clinton dynasty, and most people go with a name they’re already familiar with.”

As his path to the nomination narrows, Sanders’ campaign is reassessing the senator’s prospects following Tuesday’s losses, and key supporters are admitting that it is increasingly unlikely he can clinch the nomination. His campaign and supporters have already turned their attention to how Sanders can use his popularity and influence to shape the Democratic Party even if he is not its standard bearer.

The New York Times reported that aides to Sanders have started pressing party officials for a major role in drafting the platform for the Democratic National Convention in July, especially on including issues like a $15-an-hour federal minimum wage, breaking up Wall Street banks, and banning natural gas fracking.",1
4105,"Colin Quinn on race, comedy and political correctness: “People should stop lying and pretending there’s a racial dialogue”","Quinn begins with what is almost a standard critique of politically correct culture: “I’m tired of humorless activist people decreeing that we only use these words and never those, and that we “check our privilege,” in case we say the wrong thing and “trigger” someone,” he writes. “Across the country, the sexist office asshole has been replaced by the flat-affect, dead-eyed, modern-day Puritan. Both groups — the old-school assholes and the neo-Puritans — share a common goal: to wipe the smile off everyone’s faces.”

But the rest of the book is playing a subtler and more sophisticated game. Quinn wants to talk about race. He’s outraged that there’s no dialogue — or that the dialogue veers only to the extreme poles of either angry or pandering. And he wants to tell his personal story of growing up in a multi-ethnic New York as an example of how people can get along when they talk openly with each other.

His frustration seems less with p.c. culture than with anything that stands between a problem and honest conversation about it. His real war is against papering over words and pretending we’ve fixed a problem. This is a decent and no-bullshit guy. “Maybe we need to admit the sad truth,” he says, over coffee last week in lower Manhattan, “which is that we are not smart enough to solve any of these things.” Give this guy a Sunday morning talk show and you get the feeling he’d unfreeze the conversation in a really provocative way — or go down trying.

We spoke before Quinn’s good friend Jerry Seinfeld talked about “creepy” p.c. culture in interviews. Quinn’s take is more nuanced: That there has been political correctness on campus for decades, and that it’s the comedians’ job to make an audience uncomfortable and to think. He’s not a defender of the cheap provocation and understands that people can take offense at a joke, but he sees through easy outrage as well — and sees it as getting in the way of really talking to each other. (If you watched him on “Fox and Friends” yesterday deftly deflecting Steve Doocy and Elisabeth Hasselbeck, you only come away with more respect.)

We talked about all of this and more — including his “Girls” colleague Lena Dunham, his thoughts on Bill Maher and religion, and memories of his years on “Saturday Night Live.” The interview has been lightly edited and condensed for clarity. And sorry, but the amazing story he told about Sam Kinison, “Remote Control” host Ken Ober, strippers, Las Vegas and cocaine came after we turned the recorder off.

So are you ready to be the most hated man on Twitter? Comedy, race, humor, outrage – it’s a recipe for becoming a trending topic, or like Trevor Noah, landing on the front page of the New York Times. Why is this a third rail you want to leap on top of right now?

Third rail. I like that phrase. I don’t really know why exactly. It just feels like everything has always pointed that way to me. I’ve always been into discussing race. The conversation has been in neutral since I was a little kid. Since the ‘60s, it’s been in neutral. This conversation doesn’t exist. So at least people should stop lying and pretending there’s a racial dialogue. That would make me happy.

And I like to joke. I don’t like how the climate has gone joke-wise. I understand totally when people are offended by jokes. I get it. I don’t like when people make blanket statements. For instance, the whole rape joke controversy. But nobody admits, nobody even discusses, that most rape jokes are made by female comedians.

I don’t like comedy being determined by people who are not comedians. It was becoming a situation where whoever is the fastest typist decides what’s offensive and what’s not with comedy. It’s just too much. It’s too much. Don’t step in and start telling me what humor is. It’s like any job: Everyone wants to second-guess. I do the same thing to politics, to everything. Comedy has become that sort of thing – but with humorless people.

Why is it that everyone who second-guesses a joke is immediately branded humorless? Sometimes what I see from comedians, watching this, is a defensiveness after being told, “Hey, maybe that’s not funny.” Or that a joke failed. Is it possible that comedians have their backs up in such a way that that’s stopping a dialogue that might be useful? Because sometimes it seems to me that we are having a conversation about race and other topics when people say, “Hey, I’m not sure that’s funny and let me tell you why.” That leads to honest conversation – and maybe it is the joke that started the conversation.

There is no conversation about race. There is no conversation. That’s the first lie, that there is a conversation. All there is is a point of view that you are supposed to have — and if you deviate from that point of view, people go, “Whoa whoa whoa.” That’s not what humor is.

And punching up, punching down! Once again, these terms were not created by humorous people. Activists are activists. They are great and a big part of American society. Humorists and activists don’t very often meld. Humorists and activists have two very different mentalities. Activists are very sincere, very positive. That’s how activists should be. Humorists are supposed to look at everything and see the bullshit in all sides. This is my opinion. We are not supposed to see 100 percent right and wrong. Everything is middle ground. Everything is hypocrisy in all people and all situations.

I feel like people get on Twitter, and they get gripped by self-righteous indignation — which is fine. It’s just not becoming in my opinion.

Punching up and punching down. That seems like a fair point to me, keeping the target In mind. I’m not suggesting anyone impose rules on comedy, of course, or that anyone is off-limits for a joke. But it does seem like there’s humanity in at least thinking before making a punchline out of a victim.

So let’s say you make fun of a white plumber or Kanye West. Which is punching up and which is punching down? Societally, historically, context is everything. That’s another annoying statement.

But if it’s Trevor Noah making a dumb fat joke on Twitter. That’s punching down.

There are the lines of cruelty, right. It’s asinine.

Does that line of cruelty matter? Or is it the comedians’ job to poke through bullshit somehow free of someone turning around and calling bullshit on them?

No. That’s what we would like to be, of course! Ideally. I’d love it! At the same time, what is the biggest argument? It’s over free speech. Is Trevor Noah making a fat joke yelling fire at a crowded movie theater? Then people go, “We are not the government oppressing people.” No, but if you still get people fired from their job, that’s also a certain amount of power.

There’s a difference between getting someone fired from their job and saying, “That’s kind of an asshole joke.”

Right, but some people do get fired. Trevor Noah, some people wanted him to get fired. All I’m saying is there is a certain amount of power that comes on. It’s not just an average Joe Citizen. There are things that go on on social media in general. Let’s not pretend it’s just outrage. What the right-wing fundamentalists were throughout the history of our country from the time of the Puritans to the 1980s — the left is becoming.

I’m with you on about two-thirds of this: our frozen racial conversation, the lack of context and history from some in the politically correct crowd. And on the important role satirists and humorists play – imagine the Bush years without Stewart and Colbert. But F it. And the other piece of it that to me feels like people have the same First Amendment rights that Trevor Noah’s got to make that joke, to speak up and say, “Not really funny.”

The other side is people saying, “Can’t you do better? You are better than that.” There’s so many lines to be drawn. The day any artist — dare I call comedians artists — but the day that anybody starts deciding that (people can draw those lines) how are we different from pandering, from the old idea that you have to please the crowd? I thought the whole point was that you don’t please the crowd; you please yourself artistically.

Let me throw this out there. If you listen to the comedy podcasts, sometimes you can get the sense that comedians are trying to out-outrage each other. But then you also follow comedians on Twitter or read interviews, and it also sounds like there’s a lot of fear that if they say one wrong thing, their career could be ruined. Is there a chilling effect going on right now that is affecting writers’ rooms? Is all of this affecting the way comedians think and work?

Oh yeah. I think so. I don’t have any particular examples of it, but a lot of people are scared of their career or that people will take what they say out of context or in context. It manifests itself across the board, but it’s interesting to watch these unspoken elephant-in-the-room situations that people accept. I said it 11 years ago on NPR. It’s called substitute shock. The audience wants to feel edgy. People don’t want to feel like Puritans. So people make disabled jokes, or rape jokes, or child molester jokes. But if you bring up race, there is a silence in the room. So it’s like where is this coming from?

I’m trying to be funny. That’s my goal. It’s definitely a weird time, as far as more and more things are being determined by people who don’t necessarily have a great sense of humor. It was bad enough when we had these asshole executives. It’s not even that I’m disagreeing with a lot of what people are saying (online). I just disagree that they are pretending to be an average person. No. You are coordinating efforts all the time to stop people that are not necessarily harmful to the United States. First of all, if they want to say we are not going to have a discussion — and that they believe in oppressing people and admit that — I will feel better. “I’m the kind of person that believes in suppressing thought I believe is offensive.” Admit you are that kind of person. That’s all I mean. Let’s all put it out there. That’s why I think a racial discussion will be great. If we had a racial show every week it’ll bring it on board.

Larry Wilmore is doing some of it. Some of it. But if you want to bring it on board, let’s bring it on board. Like I said, racially, in terms of personalities, black and white in particular. This book all about black and white. There’s a chapter on every other ethnic group, but no one is going to care about anything except black and white. Either way, the fact is–and it’s been in neutral since the ‘60s–no interaction. People just want to change the subject. It’s just the way it is. And it’s probably never going to change. It hasn’t so far. But I just don’t like that people act like they are having these conversations. These might be two different things. But so much of what gets written off as politically correct outrage culture is a really interesting conversation. The outrage over Bill Cosby, for example… Yes, but those things are things. I’m talking about words. The Duggars, Cosby, those are actions. Not words. Neither of those is part of anything I do for a living. Bill Cosby’s actions are rape. It’s not rape culture. It’s actual rape. I’m not saying there aren’t interesting behavioral things being brought up. I would never say that. But in the grand scheme of things, there’s still a thing going on–since I started comedy–where there is a tendency that used to come from fundamentalist, right-wing attitudes. Now it comes from the left. Mostly. If the right had cultural power, they would be doing it too, in a different way. (Liberals) are being Puritans. There’s no other way to describe it. All the things you are talking about I agree with –except for the fact that the people making these decisions are starting minor digital hysteria. Digital hysteria. I want people to be honest and say, “I don’t like it and we are going to put a stop to it.” Admit it. I talk to people who monitor websites. And I’m like, “Really? That’s interesting. You fucking monitor with your free time?” This is what people do. That’s all I’m saying. When I was doing “Tough Crowd” we had racial discussions every day. We got nothing accomplished in the long run, but it was the beginning of something interesting. You talk in the book about “Tough Crowd” getting you branded as a conservative and that hurting you career-wise. You can’t prove anything, but I would say it did.  Anyway, that discussion ended when it ended and it’s one of those things. (Blacks and whites) got off on a bad foot, to put it mildly, and now it’s never going to be fixed. Either way, it’s fine if people don’t want to discuss it, but don’t pretend we need a race dialogue. There is none. That’s what people say about absolutely everything. It’s like politicians saying we are going to have a blue-ribbon panel on something. It’s a way of acting like you are serious about something without actually having to do anything. Or maybe we need to admit the sad truth, which is that we are not smart enough to solve any of these things. None of us has solutions. Nobody has solutions to any of these problems. How can comedians help? The subtitle of the book is a comedian solves race relations. I don’t know if we can. Obviously when you discuss things with humor, interesting thoughts come out. People say interesting things with comedy–not big consequential things–but things I didn’t think of in a certain way. Ultimately, comedians aren’t going to solve the world’s problems, but it’s hard to say. I feel like we intuitively want to do this, but we are just not bright enough. It’s depressing, but we are not that swift. So many of the stories in the book are about the way different ethnic and racial groups got along in New York when you were growing up in Brooklyn. As you describe it, people were really direct with each other and made jokes and knew how to get along. They maybe didn’t like or trust each other, but they said so to each others’ face. Less so now, you suggest. So are things better or worse than they were when you were growing up? There was just as much racial tension in many ways. It wasn’t some idyllic thing. But, because Park Slope was so mixed, we were much more racially mixed. People aren’t racially mixed now. In the ‘70s, maybe people had more hope. People now are hardened. I guess it wasn’t that different. It really wasn’t. We got along a little better because we were in close proximity. Like I said, everyone started to move away from each other in high school and that was a thing. It wasn’t because of an incident. There should be a once a week racial summit, but people would be afraid to say how they really felt. Lena Dunham is back in the middle of controversy right now with Sarah Palin going after her and tying her into the Duggar scandal. You’ve been on “Girls.” Have you ever seen a young writer and actress be turned into a lightning rod like this? Do you have any idea how she handles it? I was just thinking about her today. She’s one of those people that seems like a “light” person. She’s always got a light to her, an energy. She made the mistake of telling the truth.  I made a whole routine about how when you’re little kids it can be like a Roman orgy. I noticed that a few people were shocked, but most people laughed. But the right and the left, there is a war going on. It’s constant. It’s every day, everything. It’s terrible, but this is how ignorant we are. All it shows is our ignorance as a society. We’ve got these great technological things and people articulate better than they did 30 years ago, but it’s the same thing. People love to hate. People love to fight. You like to feel like you are on the right side of history, of things. It’s just terrible. So the role for comedians is to be a reality check. Exactly. In an ideal world we are a reality check. In the best of circumstances. That’s what we are supposed to be in an ideal world. You write in the book that perhaps it’s OK to be a little bit racist. The example you use is of an older woman clutching her purse tighter if she sees a young black person. Explain that to me. It depends on their experience as a person–if she ever got robbed, if she got robbed by a black guy, she is going to clutch her wallet. It doesn’t make her racist. I saw so many people growing up that would be circumstantially racist and have black friends. And their black friends would tell them to watch out for the black kids when going down to a certain neighborhood. We knew it wasn’t everyone.  Now, if you speak some kind of shorthand you are automatically racist. And like I said, if the past 20 years of whitewashing on language–excuse the expression–if that had actually had an effect of society’s racial ills, I guess I’d say it does work. But it’s bullshit. It’s just childish. It has nothing to do with people’s interactions. That’s just linguistic bullshit. That’s the problem. It’s getting to be another surface layout, another laminated layer of bullshit. Tell me about “SNL 40” and the moment where most of the Weekend Update anchors reunited. Not a lot of people have had that desk. It wasn’t about the desk. It wasn’t about the show. It was about my memories of how much–it’s all delayed reaction for me. Life is like delayed reaction. I was like, fuck, man. That was such a great time and I guess I sort of knew it. That’s how everything is in life. I sort of knew it then, but I was sitting there the whole night so overwhelmed by everybody that I worked with. Jesus. It brought back all these memories. It was like a high school reunion in the sense that it was really powerful. The show itself, it was fine. The power came from everyone in that room. It was very emotional for me. I was struck in the book that you sound very at ease with your years there. Sometimes people look back and they’re bitter. We all had our conflicts there. But your take is interesting: You say that everything gets a shot on Wednesday in read-through. And if it can’t make a room of smart people and comedians laugh, well, it gets cut – but it had a chance. At the time I didn’t appreciate Lorne Michaels. I was like everyone else. That’s the posture you take with anyone in charge of everything. Nobody else in show business would let you come that close to democracy. I don’t care who it is. Nobody in the history of show business. I look back wistfully because I wasn’t one of those people who went back. I should have, but that’s just my nature. When I’m done, I’m never thinking about coming back and doing a sketch. It’s not for me. Back to the book: What would you do, if you were in charge, to unstick the race conversation. If there was a real show on every week where you can have these interactions, some of them funny, some of them serious, discussing black and white, that would be an interesting thing to do for a couple of years. To have forums. That would be good. Who would you put on that show? Only comedians. Political people have to be more careful than comedians because they really have to answer for the rest of their lives. With comedians it’s different, you are expected to be provocative. Provocative is part of the game. You are supposed to have a little conflict with comedians. The worst insult in comedy used to be the crowd pleaser. That’s the hack. Sometimes the people that are attacking comedians are the very people that should understand that we are supposed to be a little provocative. I don’t excuse a lot of horseshit. I’m not trying to get away with something. Whatever I have to say, I will say upfront. I’m not trying to slip one by anybody. It’s a muddled line right now. Hopefully it will work out, but it’s a muddled line with social media. What do you think about what Bill Maher is up to with religion? With the Muslims? Islam is a weird religion, but that being said there’s billions of Islamic people that don’t do anything wrong. But I have no problem with him saying it. The conversation is certainly direct. It’s direct. It’s not racially direct. If that was talked about in Europe, that would be an interesting show. There’s no Muslims here. If you do that show in France or England, that’s provocative.. It’s not our thing as much. It doesn’t feel like it to me at least. Maybe it is.",1
1828,Watch: Donald Trump is showing a side of the GOP that party leaders don't want you to see,"Donald Trump is showing a side of the GOP that party leaders don't want you to see

Donald Trump's very loud entrance into the presidential race exposed an ugly truth about the party: anti-Hispanic bigotry plays well with the Republican primary electorate. That could be a big problem:

For more on Trump's epic trolling, Jon Allen has more here.",1
688,Sanders in California Says Clinton E-Mail Problems Now Serious,"“Now, you're right -- the Inspector General just came out with a report, it was not a good report for Secretary Clinton,” Sanders told host John Dickerson, according to a transcript provided by the network. “That is something that the American people, Democrats and delegates, are going to have to take a hard look at.”

Trailing Clinton among pledged delegates collected through state primaries and caucuses, Sanders said superdelegates -- party leaders and elected officials not formally bound to any candidate -- should, at the very least, cast their ballots at the Democratic National Convention in July with the candidate who carries a given state. 

 

 That would give Sanders a boost from states like Vermont, Washington and Alaska, although Clinton prevailed in populous states such as New York, Florida and Texas. 

 

 Sanders continued to press a case for superdelegates to switch their allegiance to him from Clinton, regardless of state affiliation, and said the e-mail controversy could become a drain on her in the general election.

“They will be keeping it in mind. I don’t have to tell them that,” he said. “I mean, everybody in America is keeping it in mind and the superdelegates sure are.”

 

 Sanders trails Clinton by 1,769 to 1,499 in pledged delegates, according to an Associated Press count. When superdelegates are included Clinton's lead swells to 2,310 to 1,542, leaving the former secretary of state 73 short of clinching the nomination. She's likely to cross that mark when votes are tallied in New Jersey, one of six states to vote on June 7. 

 

 Speaking on ABC's ""This Week with George Stephanopoulos,"" Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, said it was time for party unity. ""He ought to be able to read the sign posts as well as anybody else, and if he did that, he would know that it's all but over,"" she said of Sanders. 

 

 Still, Sanders insisted on CBS that ""there is just a possibility that we may end up at the end of this nominating process with more pledged delegates than Hillary Clinton."" 

 

 ""I think we have a good chance to win here,"" Sanders said of California, the most populous U.S. state. Two opinion polls last week offered different outcomes for California. One showed the race basically a toss-up, with Clinton ahead by 2 points. The other put the former New York senator up by 18 points. 

 

 ""Obviously if we don't do well in California, it will make our path much, much harder,"" Sanders said in a separate interview on NBC's ""Meet the Press."" ""California is the big enchilada."" 

 

 The State Department’s inspector general found in a report made public on Wednesday that the e-mail set-up violated department rules, that Clinton never sought permission for it, and that the proposal would have been rejected if she had. The report handed Clinton's Republican opponents a fresh line of attack - and Sanders, too, if he chose to take it. 

 

 Sanders won praise at a candidates' debate on October when he said, ""Enough of the e-mails. Let's talk about the real issues facing America.'' At the time, his campaign used the comments in a fund-raising e-mail. 

 

 Fast forward seven months and for Sanders, the delegates on offer on June 7 represent a last-ditch effort to close the gap with Clinton. 

 

 A strong performance in California may boost Sanders's case that superdelegates should switch their allegiance to him on the basis of perceived electability against Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee. 

 

 That argument so far has been driven by opinion polls showing Sanders faring better than Clinton in a hypothetical matchup with Trump. 

 

 In another sign Sanders has taken off the gloves, his campaign late on Friday demanded the ouster of Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy and former Massachusetts Representative Barney Frank from a key platform committee at the Democratic National Convention. 

 

 Democratic officials rejected Sanders's request on Saturday, the Associated Press reported. 

 

 In a statement the Sanders campaign said Frank and Malloy were ""aggressive attack surrogates"" for Clinton. Sanders's lawyer said the pair can’t work impartially “while laboring under such deeply held bias.” 

 

 In a four-page letter hand-delivered to Democratic National Committee late Friday, Brad Deutsch, Sanders's campaign counsel, wrote of animosity by Frank toward Sanders dating to 1991.

Criticisms of Sanders by Frank and Malloy have gone beyond dispassionate ideological disagreement and have exposed a deeper professional, political and personal hostility toward the senator and his campaign, Deutsch said. 

 

 Frank on Saturday pondered the Sanders campaign's motive. ""I hope it is not to lay the basis for an inaccurate claim that he was unfairly denied the nomination, and I do see some elements of this,"" he told Politico.

Also this week, Sanders, keen for network airtime before the California vote, appeared to get a boost when presumptive Republican nominee Trump agreed to debate him to raise money for a charity. The billionaire businessman backed out on Friday, saying it would be “inappropriate” to debate the second-place Democrat.

 

 Sanders may not have given up hope, though. ""Maybe we'll get a call in five minutes and he'll say yes again,"" he said on CBS.",1
2524,Appeals court rules against Obama immigration plan,"President Obama's executive action preventing the deportation of an estimated 5 million people living in the United States illegally suffered another setback Monday after a federal appeals court upheld a federal judge's injunction blocking the measure.

The 2-1 decision by the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans further dims the prospect of implementation of the executive action before Obama leaves office in 2017. Appeals over the injunction could take months. Depending on how the case unfolds, the injunction could even go back to the Texas federal court for more proceedings.

Republicans had criticized the plan as an illegal executive overreach when Obama announced it last November. Twenty-six states challenged the plan in court. U.S. District Court Judge Andrew Hanen granted the temporary injunction preventing the order's implementation this past February, agreeing with the states that legalizing the presence of so many people would be a ""virtually irreversible"" action that would cause the states ""irreparable harm.""

The administration argued that the executive branch was within its rights in deciding to defer deportation of selected groups of immigrants, including children who were brought to the U.S. illegally.

""President Obama should abandon his lawless executive amnesty program and start enforcing the law today,"" Texas Gov. Greg Abbott said in a news release.

The administration could ask for a re-hearing by the full 5th Circuit, but the National Immigration Law Center, an advocacy group, urged an immediate Supreme Court appeal.

""The most directly impacted are the 5 million U.S. citizen children whose parents would be eligible for temporary relief from deportation,"" Marielena Hincapie, executive director of the organization, said in a news release.

The Justice Department said in a statement that it disagreed with the court's ruling, claiming that Obama's action would ""allow DHS to bring greater accountability to our immigration system by prioritizing the removal of the worst offenders, not people who have long ties to the United States and who are raising American children."" The statement did not specify what the department's next steps would be.

Part of the initiative included expansion of a program called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, protecting young immigrants from deportation if they were brought to the U.S. illegally as children. The other major part, Deferred Action for Parents of Americans, would extend deportation protections to parents of U.S. citizens and permanent residents who have been in the country for years.

The 70-page majority opinion by Judge Jerry Smith, joined by Jennifer Walker Elrod, rejected administration arguments that the district judge abused his discretion with a nationwide order and that the states lacked standing to challenge Obama's executive orders.

They acknowledged an argument that an adverse ruling would discourage potential beneficiaries of the plan from cooperating with law enforcement authorities or paying taxes. ""But those are burdens that Congress knowingly created, and it is not our place to second-guess those decisions,"" Smith wrote.

In a 53-page dissent, Judge Carolyn Dineen King said the administration was within the law, casting the decision to defer action on some deportations as ""quintessential exercises of prosecutorial discretion,"" and noting that the Department of Homeland Security has limited resources.

""Although there are approximately 11.3 million removable aliens in this country today, for the last several years Congress has provided the Department of Homeland Security with only enough resources to remove approximately 400,000 of those aliens per year,"" King wrote.

Fox News' Shannon Bream and Matt Dean and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
540,U.S. student performance slips on national test,"Fourth-graders and eighth-graders across the United States lost ground on national mathematics tests this year, the first declines in scores since the federal government began administering the exams in 1990.

Reading performance also was sobering: Eighth-grade scores dropped, according to results released Wednesday, while fourth-grade performance was stagnant compared with 2013, the last time students took the test.

And the tests again show large achievement gaps between the nation’s white and minority students as well as between poor and affluent children, an indication that the nation’s disadvantaged students are not gaining ground despite more than a decade of federal law designed to boost their achievement.

Researchers have long cautioned that it is difficult to identify the cause of any fluctuation in scores on this testing program, the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP), which is also known as the Nation’s Report Card. But many people look to NAEP scores as an important barometer of U.S. student achievement because they are the only exams that have been given nationwide over a long period of time, capturing the performance of rich and poor children of all ethnicities in urban, suburban and rural communities.

The year’s declines come amid a period of great tumult in American public education.

Recent demographic shifts mean that schools are grappling with the challenge of educating an increasing number of students who come from low-income families and are learning how to speak English. And in recent years, most states have adopted sweeping educational policy changes, including teacher evaluations tied to test scores and Common Core academic standards that have changed what and how students learn in the classroom.

U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan defended those policies in a call with reporters Tuesday, saying that massive changes in schools often lead to a temporary drop in test scores while teachers and students adjust. But the new standards and other policies, Duncan said, are poised to improve student achievement — and students’ lives — in the long terdatam.

“Big change never happens overnight,” Duncan said. “I’m confident that over the next decade, if we stay committed to this change, we will see historic improvements.”

Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers, said that slipping NAEP scores are evidence that the nation’s focus on using standardized tests to judge teachers and schools has failed. The scores should trigger a change of course, she said, pointing to the Obama administration’s acknowledgment that students are spending too much time taking standardized tests of dubious value.

“Not only is there plenty of anecdotal evidence that our kids have suffered, these latest NAEP scores again show that the strategy of testing and sanctioning, coupled with austerity, does not work,” Weingarten said in a statement.

[Study says standardized tests are overwhelming the nation’s public schools]

Students at U.S. public and private schools have taken the NAEP every two years since the early 1990s. The exam is the country’s most consistent measure of K-12 progress, and because it has been in place for so long, it can offer insight into the effects of demographic and policy changes.

But researchers caution that deeper analysis is needed to understand the potential causes of this year’s drop. And they said it’s too soon to tell whether the results are the beginning of a trend or just a blip.

The new results — on a scale of 0 to 500 — show two-point losses in eighth-grade math and reading and a one-point drop in fourth-grade math. Fourth-grade reading scores were statistically unchanged.

Scores have risen considerably since the first exams in the 1990s and, despite this year’s declines, are still among the highest posted by American students.

The 2015 scores show that 64 percent of fourth-graders and 66 percent of eighth-graders are not considered proficient in reading. In math, 60 percent of fourth-graders and 67 percent of eighth-graders are not considered proficient.

The new data also show how states and 21 large cities fared. Individual state performance mirrored the nation’s, with more states showing scores that dropped rather than increased. The news from cities was somewhat more positive: On average, performance among urban school systems was flat compared with 2013.

Maryland had some of the largest drops in the nation and was the only state to see declines in both subjects at both grade levels. They came as Maryland tested many more students with disabilities and non-native English speakers than before, bringing it in line with other states.

[Maryland sees one of the largest declines in the nation ]

The District bucked the national trend, posting some of the biggest increases in the country at the fourth-grade level. Eighth-grade scores were flat. It was the second time in a row that the city, whose school system long had a reputation as one of the nation’s most troubled, has stood out for its improvement on the NAEP.

D.C. Schools Chancellor Kaya Henderson attributed the success in part to the city’s early adoption of the Common Core State Standards. She also credited consistency of leadership — Henderson is in her sixth year as chancellor — and the city’s investment in universal preschool for 3- and 4-year-olds.

The highest-scoring state in three of the four tests was Massachusetts, which has often topped NAEP rankings. Minnesota, New Hampshire and Vermont also were top performers in 2015. New Mexico and Mississippi were among the lowest-scoring.

Matthew Chingos, a researcher at the Urban Institute, said it is not very useful to compare overall state scores to one another because states are educating such different populations of students. A state with a more challenging student population can be doing a relatively good job with those students but still trail states with student populations that are whiter or more affluent.

For example, in 2013, fourth-grade students who were learning English as a second language scored higher in Texas than they did in Oregon, while other students in the two states scored about the same, according to a brief Chingos published Monday.

But Texas has far more non-native English speakers than Oregon, so its overall NAEP score was lower.

“If you want to compare across states, if you want to say how kids in Massachusetts versus Mississippi are doing, you really do need to make these adjustments,” said Chingos.

“It can have a big impact on which states are doing better and which are doing worse.”",1
99,"Charleston, Dylann Roof and the racism of millennials","America should be shaken to its very core by what happened in Charleston.

The gruesome massacre of nine people at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, a historically black church in Charleston, S.C., may amount to the worst racially motivated terror attack of our generation and a deeply violent reminder that racism and white supremacy continue to course through America’s veins. One cannot help but draw comparisons to the firebombing of a black church in Birmingham, Ala., almost 52 years ago.

The shooting suspect in Charleston has been identified as Dylann Roof, a white 21-year-old. He was arrested (peacefully, one should add) at a traffic stop. Many will argue about what words we will use to describe Roof, whether he should be described as a mentally disturbed kid (a description rarely applied when the alleged perpetrator isn’t a white male) or a rational adult responsible for his alleged actions. His age matters, but not for the reasons you may think.

Roof, who was born in 1994, violently shatters one particularly entrenched myth that society holds about racism — that today’s millennials are more tolerant than their parents, and that racism will magically die out as previous generations pass on. We think that millennials should be lauded for aspiring to be “colorblind.”  There is the belief that tolerant young people will intermarry and create a post-racial, brown society and that it will be “beautiful.”

But the truth is that the kids are not all right when it comes to racial equality. Studies have shown that millennials are just about as racist as previous generations:

When it comes to explicit prejudice against blacks, non-Hispanic white millennials are not much different than whites belonging to Generation X (born 1965-1980) or Baby Boomers (born 1946-1964). White millennials (using a definition of being born after 1980) express the least prejudice on 4 out of 5 measures in the survey, but only by a matter of 1 to 3 percentage points, not a meaningful difference. On work ethic, 31 percent of millennials rate blacks as lazier than whites, compared to 32 percent of Generation X whites and 35 percent of Baby Boomers.

Millennials have grown up in a world where we talk about race without racism — or don’t talk about it at all — and where “skin color” is the explanation for racial inequality, as if ghettos are ghettos because they are black, and not because they were created. As such, their views on racism — where you fight bias by denying it matters to outcomes — are muddled and confused. Which gets to the irony of this survey: A generation that hates racism but chooses colorblindness is a generation that, through its neglect, comes to perpetuate it.

The danger in invoking the myth of the presupposed racial tolerance of millennials (and subsequent generations) is that it works to absolve today’s society of actively confronting and undoing the damage of the legacy of slavery, segregation and institutionalized racism. We think racism will just die out with older generations. Why confront America’s racial legacy as long as you believe that the younger generation will do it for you? To put it bluntly, it ignores how the cold logic of racism, white supremacy and anti-blackness has worked for generations and how it continues to work.

A 21-year-old millennial, in 2015, is alleged to have taken a page from the 1960s and assassinated a black political leader: South Carolina State Senator and pastor Clementa Pinckney was among the dead.

A 21-year-old millennial, by allegedly saying “You rape our women,” invoked the centuries-old defense of protecting white women as a justification for the slaughter of black people.

A 21-year-old donned early-20th-century symbols of apartheid and racist colonial regimes in Africa on his Facebook page.

A 21-year-old allegedly copied from the age-old playbook of racial terror, adding another bloody chapter to the long history of assaults on black people at churches in America.

All of these examples are not signs of individual mental illness. From South Africa to the United States, symbols celebrating segregation, assassinations of black community leaders, mass violence and the desecration of sacred spaces for black people are the historical tools of black suppression. It shouldn’t be lost on anyone that this massacre occurred in a state that flies the Confederate battle flag, a symbol of white supremacy, at its state house. These symbols and tactics remain in our national conscience, passing on from generation to generation, like a sinister genetic code in America’s DNA.

As long as society refuses to confront this legacy of the ugly sin of racism today, we cannot depend on tomorrow’s generations to come to our rescue.",1
5034,Clinton renews vow to 'fast track' immigration; Trump camp accuses candidate of acting like a 'king',"Hillary Clinton announced perhaps her most ambitious plan yet for immigration reform Friday, including a vow to “end deportation” for millions of illegal immigrants in the United States if elected president. In turn, Republican nominee Donald Trump's campaign claimed Clinton intends to assume “king-like powers” that would harm Americans.

Clinton, speaking before a National Associations of Black and Hispanic Journalists gathering in Washington, said she intends to introduce legislation within the first 100 days of her potential administration that will add hundreds of billions of dollars to the economy.

The Democratic presidential nominee also urged potential voters to help Democrats retake the Senate in November, claiming assurances that they would “fast track her proposal.”

“This is a clear high priority for my administration,” she said. “We will be prepared to introduce legislation as quickly as we can …Trump plans to round up immigrants … We will not be deporting families.”

Clinton's comments suggested that she would follow President Obama’s example of taking executive action on immigration reform.

The Supreme Court in June split 4-4 on Obama’s 2014 plan to defer deportation for roughly 4.3 million parents of Americans and other lawful permanent residents.

The ruling sent the case back to a lower court. But Clinton, like Trump, would attempt to appoint a justice for the high court’s ninth and open seat to help win favorable decisions on such issues.

“Hillary believes DAPA is squarely within the president’s authority and won’t stop fighting until we see it through,” states Clinton’s campaign website, which also says she intends to defend the president’s 2012 executive action to defer deportation for millions of people brought into the United States illegally by their parents.

The Clinton campaign did not immediatley respond Saturday to a request for comment.

Trump senior policy adviser Stephen Miller -- who as a staffer from Alabama GOP Sen. Jeff Sessions helped defeat a bipartisan Senate immigration reform bill -- issued a five-page statement on Friday attacking Clinton’s policies dating back to May 2015. The Senate bill died in the GOP-controlled House.

Clinton has vowed since essentially the start of her campaign to make immigration reform a first-100-day priority. And Trump, who has vowed to build a wall along the southern U.S. border to keep out illegal Mexican immigrants, has said Clinton’s plan is tantamount to amnesty for those in the U.S. illegally and that she would “totally open borders.”

Trump, in the wake of several deadly attacks inspired or directed by ISIS, called for a temporary ban on all Muslims into the U.S. The Republican presidential nominee has since suggested a ban only for Muslims coming from such Middle East terror hotspots as Syria.

Miller, whose has long argued that “amnesty” — legal working status for some of the country's estimate 11 million illegal immigrants — would take away jobs from unemployed Americans, argued on Friday that Clinton’s first-100-day pledge is also dangerous.

“Her pledge — in the middle of a national security and a border security crisis” — demonstrates her callous and cruel disregard for the safety of the American people,” Miller wrote.

“This administration has released hundreds of thousands of criminal illegal immigrants, and yet Clinton says she wants to go even further, ending virtually all deportations and ending all protections Americans have against open borders.”",1
3396,White House admits should have sent 'higher-profile' official to Paris rally,"The White House acknowledged Monday that it erred in not sending a higher-level representative to the massive rally in Paris against Islamic terrorism, after facing bipartisan criticism over the meager U.S. presence at the march -- which was attended by more than 40 world leaders.

""We should have sent someone with a higher profile to be there,"" Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday.

But he also explained that the planning for the rally began on short notice and President Obama's personal attendance, given the security challenges, would have had a ""significant impact"" on the march. Earnest said they had only 36 hours to prepare, and suggested the outdoor event with large crowds posed security risks.

Earnest said the U.S. still stands ""four-square behind our allies in France.""

The rally on Sunday was a historic show of unity that drew more than a million people -- but none higher representing the U.S. than its ambassador to France. While the administration dispatched Attorney General Eric Holder and a top homeland security official to Paris for meetings over the weekend, the only U.S. official of note to attend Sunday's rally was Ambassador Jane Hartley.

The White House wouldn't say why Holder did not attend the march, suggesting only that he or some other top official should have gone.

Secretary of State John Kerry initially dismissed the criticism as ""quibbling,"" and announced a trip to the French capital later this week.

A spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Paris told Fox News that Holder did not attend Sunday's march because he was ""not available at the time."" A Justice Department spokesman said Holder had to return to Washington that afternoon, but was ""proud"" to join world leaders at the summit before the rally.

But the White House absorbed heavy criticism on Sunday and Monday for the thin U.S. presence, as well as for continuing to avoid calling last week's attacks an act of Islamic terror.

On Fox News' ""Sunday Morning Futures,"" Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., questioned the logic in even sending Holder for the Paris counterterrorism meetings, suggesting the president is not confronting the matter as Islamic terrorism.

""Last time I checked we're at war. I wouldn't send my attorney general if I were president to deal with Islamic radical terrorists. We're at war here,"" Graham said. ""[Obama] thinks it's a crime out of control.""

Speaking on CBS News, Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., suggested he can understand how security may have played a role in the decision for Obama not to attend but said, ""I think, in hindsight, I would hope they would do it differently"" next time.

Others were tough on the administration's decision.

""Not an excuse in universe can explain why US failed to send to Paris a more visible rep. than Holder,"" tweeted Aaron David Miller, a former State Department official who now works at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, calling Obama, Kerry and Vice President Biden ""MIAs.""

James Stavridis, a retired Navy admiral who previously led U.S. European Command, also said on Twitter: ""I wish our US President had gone to Paris to stand with our European allies.""

Amid the criticism, Kerry, who is traveling on official business in India, rearranged his schedule to make it to Paris later in the week. He announced his plans at a press conference in the Indian city of Ahmedabad, where he had made a long-scheduled appearance at an international investment conference Sunday ahead of Obama's planned visit to that country later this month.

""I would have personally very much wanted to have been [in Paris],"" Kerry said, ""but couldn't do so because of the commitment that I had here and it is important to keep these kinds of commitments.""

When asked about criticism directed at the Obama administration for not sending a high-ranking official to take part in the march, Kerry said earlier, ""I really think that this is sort of quibbling a little bit in the sense that our Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland was there and marched, our ambassador [to France Jane Hartley] was there and marched, many people from the embassy were there and marched.""

A senior administration official stressed that Hartley attended the Paris march, and that Obama has shown U.S. solidarity with France by placing a call to their president, stopping by the French embassy and directing U.S. officials to work on helping the French in the wake of last week's terror attack.

The official also said ""it is worth noting that the security requirements for both the President and VP can be distracting from events like this -- this event is not about us.""

Kerry, at the news conference, said that U.S. officials, including himself and Obama, had been ""deeply engaged"" with French authorities almost immediately after the first attack occurred Wednesday and had offered intelligence assistance.

More than 40 world leaders -- press reports put the number at 44 -- along with more than a million ordinary French citizens, marched arm in arm through the streets of Paris Sunday to rally for unity and freedom of expression and to honor the 17 victims killed in three separate terror attacks last week.

Among the world leaders who did march, under heavy security, were French President Francois Hollande, British Prime Minister David Cameron, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas.

Shibley Telhami, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, tweeted, ""What's missing in this picture? American leaders. Even Palestinian and Israeli leaders in front line of Paris march.""

Democratic strategist Doug Schoen, in a column on FoxNews.com, said Obama has ""morally abdicated his place as the leader of the free world."" The decision to stay in Washington, Schoen wrote, ""sent a clear message to the world: Obama just doesn't care.""

He also lamented that Obama ""is the only Western leader who has refused to call this attack Islamic terrorism, even though President Hollande has declared that France is it at war with radical Islam.""

Kerry said he is going to France to reaffirm U.S. solidarity with America's oldest ally. He said as soon as he heard about the march, he asked his team what the earliest time was that he could go.

""That is why I am going there on the way home and to make it crystal clear how passionately we feel about the events that have taken place there,"" he said. ""I don't think the people of France have any doubt about America's understanding about what happened, about our personal sense of loss and our deep commitment to the people of France in this moment of trial.""

Kerry will arrive in Paris on Thursday after stops in Sofia, Bulgaria and Geneva, Switzerland. Kerry will be the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit France since the terrorist attacks on a French newspaper and a kosher supermarket. Authorities say one of those involved in the attacks pledged allegiance to the Islamic State group in a video. He and two other suspected extremists were killed during police raids.

Meanwhile, the White House said Sunday it will hold an international summit next month in Washington on thwarting violent extremism.

The summit is scheduled for Feb. 18 and will focus on domestic and international efforts to ""prevent extremists and their supporters from radicalizing, recruiting and inspiring individuals and groups in the United States and abroad from committing acts of violence,"" the White House said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2398,GOP hits another roadblock on Obamacare repeal,"Donald Trump is considering tapping a Democrat to be his Treasury secretary, POLITICO has learned.",1
1322,Insiders: Sanders and Trump will win New Hampshire,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
3535,'Massive' French airstrikes hit Islamic State to retaliate for attacks,"France's military launched ""massive"" retaliatory airstrikes against Islamic State sites in Syria on Sunday night, saying French aircraft struck a command center and training camp at Raqqa.

The French Air Force posted videos on its Facebook page of the planes embarking on the raid of the extremist group's de facto capital. The strikes come two days after the worst attacks in Paris since World War II. The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attacks at six sites that killed 132 people and wounded hundreds more.

The French Defense Ministry said the strikes targeted a command post, a training camp and a weapons depot, dropping 20 bombs on Raqqa. It said 10 fighter jets in the operation came from the United Arab Emirates and Jordan in coordination with U.S. forces.

Speaking in Turkey at the G-20 summit, French Foreign Minister Lauren Fabius said, ""France has always said that because she has been threatened and attacked by (Isis) it would be normal that she react in the framework of self defense,"" The Financial Times reported. ""It would be normal to take action. That’s what we did with the strikes on Raqqa, which is their headquarter. We cannot let (Isis) act without reacting.”

A U.S.-led coalition that includes France has been conducting airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria since last year.

A group of anti-Islamic State activists in Syria called Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently reported Sunday that at least 30 airstrikes had hit Raqqa ""so far.""

""No civilians hit so far, the hospitals are reporting. Electricity and water shut down. Panic among the civilians,” the group posted on its website. “Areas hit: Stadium, museum, hospital, government building (municipal).”

“It’s sad how it always falls on our heads. Pray for us,” the group said.

The group was created by 17 Syrian activists in April 2014 to document abuses by the Islamic State after the militant group took over and declared the northern Syrian city of Raqqa to be the caliphate’s capital.

Working anonymously for their safety, members of Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently secretly film and report from within the city and send the information to local and outside news media.",1
808,"Cheney Hates Trump, Endorses Him Anyway","NOT ON THE SHORT LIST

Former Vice President Dick Cheney may hate Donald Trump, but he’s fine with him leading the country.

Cheney reportedly told CNN on Friday he intends to support the GOP nominee in 2016, just as he has every prior cycle.

Shortly after the first presidential debate, Cheney told Fox News’ Bret Baier that the real estate mogul’s assertions regarding the September 11 attacks—including that George W. Bush willingly let them happen—were “way off base.”

“He clearly doesn’t understand or has not spent any time learning about the facts of that period,” Cheney said.

It’s a little curious that Cheney has decided to board the Trump Train. It’s also a break from the rest of Bush World, as representatives for George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush say neither former president will back the mogul’s presidential bid.

In 2011, Trump made a YouTube video for his “From The Desk of Donald Trump” series, (a series I cannot recommend highly enough), in which the presumptive nominee trashed the former VP and his then-newly released memoir.

“He’s very, very angry and nasty,” the mogul said. “I didn’t like Cheney when he was a vice president. I don’t like him now. And I don’t like people that rat out everybody like he’s doing in the book. I’m sure it’ll be a best-seller, but isn’t it a shame? Here’s a guy that did a rotten job as vice president. Nobody liked him. Tremendous divisiveness. And he’s gonna be making a lot of money on the book. I won’t be reading it.”

“It just seemed like she was going to really look to impeach Bush and get him out of office, which, personally, I think would have been a wonderful thing,” he said, discussing Nancy Pelosi with Wolf Blitzer on The Situation Room.

“He got us into the war with lies,” he continued. “And, I mean, look at the trouble Bill Clinton got into with something that was totally unimportant. And they tried to impeach him, which was nonsense. And, yet, Bush got us into this horrible war with lies, by lying, by saying they had weapons of mass destruction, by saying all sorts of things that turned out not to be true.”

“Religious freedom’s been a very important part of our history and where we came from,” he added—but if Cheney has anything to do with it, then Trump’s America is where we’re going.

",1
4284,"Fine, give the GOP four years: The liberal case for either Bernie Sanders, or electing a Republican president","Democrats, however, should be concerned for a different reason. The last consecutive two-term presidents from the same party were James Madison and James Monroe, who were both Democratic-Republicans. That transition occurred before the formation of our modern two-party system.

The 2020 election is one Democrats cannot afford to lose. It is a census year, which means the future of the House will be determined for the next decade. It is also highly possible that at least two (or three) seats will open on the Supreme Court, given the ages of the justices—more than are likely to open between 2016 and 2020. If the Democrats do not win, the GOP will have a solid hold on government for at least another 10 years.

And that raises one very important question: Do Democratic voters really want to hitch their wagon to four years of a center-right candidate like Hillary Clinton?

The Democratic Party as a whole is moving to the left—albeit slowly. Elizabeth Warren would never have gotten elected in the ’90s, let alone become as influential as she has. It can easily be said that the Democrats are no longer the party of the Clintons (the New Democrats), and are instead, the party of Elizabeth Warren. If Hillary Clinton wins the nod in 2016, and manages to win the general, it is unlikely she will be able to excite the base of her own party in four years—as the DNC may slowly be realizing. She’s a hard enough sell now in spite of every effort chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz has expended on her behalf. Many on the left will not turn out to vote for Clinton—in fact, a new poll showed that 20 percent of Democrats would defect and vote Trump over Hillary in a general election.

Clinton’s problems start with image. More Americans mistrust her than trust her. This may be due to her various “scandals,” especially her private email server. But it probably also has something to do with the fact that she is politically expedient. A look at her campaign strategy throughout her career is telling. In this regard, she is nearly indistinguishable from the GOP. In 2008, her campaign reportedly circulated a picture of Barack Obama dressed as a Somali elder without providing context for the image, in a seeming effort to stir fears that the now-president was a Muslim. In this current election cycle, Clinton has relied on Republican talking points to attack Bernie Sanders. Specifically, she cited Rupert Murdoch’s Wall Street Journal’s faulty analysis of the cost of his domestic plan. Clinton has gone as far as attacking him for proposing universal health care—a move 2008 Hillary called out as a Republican tactic.

Clinton has also resorted to Republican talking points to justify opposing a $15 minimum wage. Though she calls them her greatest enemies, her argument relies on the same false premise as the GOP’s: it will cost jobs. First, Clinton purposefully ignores that a raise to $15 per hour would be gradual. Additionally, she pays no heed to the fact that evidence indicating such increases will cost jobs is thin. In fact, studies overwhelmingly suggest that minimum wage hikes have no impact on employment.

Additionally, many on the left worry that there is no way for Democrats to know what Hillary Clinton will morph into, given her numerous flip-flops. And for all of her talk about fighting for the middle class, she has an uncomfortably cozy relationship with Wall Street and powerful private industries (oil, private prisons, big banks, cable companies, etc.).

But Clinton’s problems run much deeper than impressions of her character. As a candidate, Hillary is closer to George H.W. Bush or Ronald Reagan than to the heart of the Democratic Party, FDR. Progressives know this about her. She exists out-of-time—propped up by a Democratic establishment similarly stuck on Third Way politics. Hillary is a New Democrat in 2016; she’s caught between two narratives: the GOP/Reagan narrative that government is too big, and inherently inefficient, and the Democratic narrative, that government can and should work for all to solve the problems we face as a country.

Clinton’s background creates a disconnect between her policies and those of her party.

Hillary’s “strongest issue” is foreign policy, given her years of experience at the State Department. Unfortunately, her foreign policy ideas don’t fit with many on the left. Put simply, she is an interventionist hawk. In 2008 Barack Obama compared her to George W. Bush, and that comparison still seems appropriate. She did, after all, vote for the Iraq War and support the use of torture on detainees. Although she has called her war vote “a mistake,” we must look at it in its proper context. When we consider the initiatives she pushed at the State Department (the bombing of Libya, arming the Syrian rebels, and selling arms to Clinton Foundation donors), as well as her current plans, like the no-fly-zone in Syria, it seems less of a one-off, and more like part of a pattern.

Clinton’s strategy is to deal with ISIS is nearly indistinguishable from Marco Rubio’s: defeat ISIS rather than contain them by forming a coalition with our allies to take back territory, sending in ground troops, disrupting their recruitment, and ramping up airstrikes.

Hillary’s plan, like those of the Republicans, is predicated on the idea that by taking out ISIS, U.S. involvement in the region can end.

What Clinton’s and the Republican plans fail to take into account is political culture. Changing political culture within a generation is impossible, let alone changing it in a part of the world Westerners, as a rule, barely understand; where people mistrust and resent us, and where democratic tradition is a novel concept.

The Middle East and North Africa (MENA) is not the only part of the globe where intervention is Hillary’s modus operandi. Her involvement in legitimizing the violent coup regime in Honduras indicates that as president, interference would also define her Latin America policy.

Besides intervention, Clinton’s foreign policy prioritizes “free markets.” She appears to view the world through the lens of how much multinational business, rather than domestic companies or workers, benefits. Though she has now flip-flopped on both the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), her years of support for each suggest her shift is politically motivated.

All things considered, it is safe to call Clinton a neoconservative.

Economically speaking, in spite of touting herself as a “progressive who likes to get things done,” Clinton is essentially a moderate Republican—which makes economic progressives angry. Her capital gains tax proposal does not increase long-term capital gains taxes, and instead targets short-term investments. This might sound solid on paper, but, as I’ve said before, it will impact new investors and the middle class, while preserving the status quo where billionaires, who keep the majority of their assets wrapped up in long term investments, pay lower rates than their secretaries. She is also against reinstating Glass-Steagall, and breaking up the banks—instead opting for a game of regulatory catch-up to monitor “shadow banking.” Her plan barely tackles symptoms while leaving the underlying illness untouched. To make matters worse, this issue is time-sensitive as there may be another financial crisis brewing with subprime auto loans. A collapse would spell disaster for the Democratic Party should it hit after eight years of President Obama with another Democrat in the Oval Office.

However, Hillary seems unconcerned. She’s even attacked proponents of a new Glass-Steagall, on the premise that her policy is stronger—the only plan that tackles shadow banking. As Zach Carter of the Huffington Post explains in his recent article titled “Hillary Clinton Is Not Telling the Truth About Wall Street,” her claims are dishonest. Shadow banking is a direct consequence of the too-big-to-fail model. The concentration of financial power in just six institutions is the fundamental problem we face. The size of the banks allowed them to exert unprecedented influence over rating agencies like S&P or Moody’s, due to the pay-per-rating model. This undermined the integrity of our entire rating system. At the same time, lenders were taking insurance policies out on their loans and products. The size of the banks and by extension, the sheer volume of the insured debt is why, when borrowers began defaulting, insurers like AIG went under. All of this could have been avoided with a decentralized banking system like the one Bernie Sanders is proposing. Clinton’s stance on social programs and spending is equally disappointing to many liberals and progressives. Though she used to, she no longer supports universal healthcare. She explained her flip-flop during one of the few sanctioned DNC presidential debates by saying, “[t]he revolution never came.” Hillary is also against expanding Social Security. She does not support free college tuition for all. Instead she feels it should essentially be a means-tested welfare program. And speaking of welfare, Hillary has stood by her husband’s signing of the disastrous Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act of 1996 (aka welfare reform), deeming it “necessary” in spite of evidence that it caused a spike in extreme poverty particularly in minority communities. This bill was a Republican initiative—part of the “Contract With America.” Clinton isn’t exactly Nancy Reagan on drugs, but her “evolution” on marijuana/cannabis has not come very far since the ’90s—and that’s difficult for many young Democrats to accept. Clinton also scares many environmentalists. She used to be in favor of the Keystone Pipeline until it became a political liability for her, and her State Department helped spread fracking to the rest of the world. She also has trouble convincing some people of her support for LGBTQ equality. It wasn’t until 2013 that she fully embraced same-sex marriage. Prior to that she believed that marriage was a “sacred bond between a man and a woman.” She also supported the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA). She hasn’t even been consistent on gun control. Sure, Clinton talks a big game now about background checks and modest reforms, supporting President Obama in his executive actions. But in 2008, she was “Annie Oakley,” accusing Obama of being hostile to hunters’ rights. Everything about Hillary Clinton’s record suggests that she will negotiate from the center/right—leaving only one direction to go in compromising with Republicans: further right. Like her husband before her, she’ll likely use social programs and financial reform as bargaining chips. After all, she’s already given up on universal health care. Her commitment to campaign finance reform is also doubtful considering how much she is raising for this campaign from big donors (Time Warner and Morgan Stanley are both in her top 10). Clinton is not the candidate Democrats should back. This leaves the Democratic Party with two options: 1) Nominate Bernie Sanders. He’s the candidate drawing the largest crowds; the candidate beating the GOP field by the widest margins in a majority of polls; the candidate Americans feel is honest. If anyone has a shot at breaking the trend of back-and-forth in presidential elections, it is Sanders for the simple reason that he has been an independent for the majority of his political career. His outsider image gives him the greatest chance at beating the odds against consecutive two-term presidents from the same party. 2) Let a Republican have four years. With a Hillary ticket, this scenario isn’t out of the question—especially if the candidate is Donald Trump, who can run on the fact that he donated to Clinton. There’s a cold logic in this move. In 2020, Democrats can run someone like Elizabeth Warren who excites the base. Coming off of four years with the GOP, a two-term presidency would be easily attainable with the added benefit that any economic downturns that happen between now and then would be blamed on Republicans. Even if one hit during the first term of the newly elected Democrat, the GOP would still take the fall. Also worth mentioning, people typically vote down the party line—which is good for Democrats, considering it is a census year. 2020 could see the Democrats take the presidency, the House and the Senate—and with the likelihood that two or three seats will open on the court, they’d control all three branches of government. The downside to this option is that Senate Democrats would have to obstruct for four years. Such a move will exact a political cost, but as the Republicans have shown, obstruction isn’t a death knell in elections. Of course, the main drawback is the fact that people will suffer as budgets are slashed. There’s also the high probability that liberals will lose one seat on the Supreme Court, as well as federal judge appointments—all of which be damaging. The only mitigating factor is that, as previously mentioned, there’s strong possibility that more seats will open up on the SCOTUS between 2020 and 2024 than between 2016 to 2020. “Bernie or Bust” is undoubtedly a controversial position, as many Democrats insist that if Hillary Clinton gets the nod, she should be elected president. This argument relies on the-lesser-of-two-evils mind-set; vote Hillary because she’s better than the GOP. However, with all things weighed and considered, it is clear that Clinton should neither be the Democratic nominee nor the president, and that her differences with her opponents are not so stark. The 2020 election cycle is far too important to risk it on a candidate who can barely relate to her own party now—especially taking into account historical trends. Democrats must ask themselves where a Hillary presidency leaves the country in four years. Would her half-measures be enough that they would feel comfortable handing the keys over to the GOP in 2020? That is why “Bernie or Bust” is the real “lesser-of-two-evils” option.",1
5073,"Obama’s DNC letdown: The president needed to hit it out of the park, but he surprisingly fell short","Barack Obama’s signature, as a speaker, is his ability to stay on-topic. While most politicians try to cram everything, plus a stash of kittens and a stray puppy to boot, into their speeches, POTUS is known for writing speeches that stray little and focus heavily on the thesis at hand. Last night, in his speech supporting Hillary Clinton, was the last big foreseeable speech of his career. Last night, of all nights, he should have really brought his mighty oratory skills to bear.

Sadly, however, his speech was a bit…meh.

Not that it was bad, mind you. Obama hit a lot of high points, both shading Clinton’s opponent, Donald Trump and highlighting how progressive and successful the Democratic agenda was, an especially important topic with all the ill-informed Bernie Sanders dead-enders in the audience who were convinced that Clinton is basically a Republican.

By most political speech standards, Obama was a 9 out of 10. But Obama is a better speaker than most. Unlike most politicians, he’s an actual writer — the author of a best-selling memoir! — and he understands certain basics about speechifying most politicians don’t: Keep it short. Keep it on topic. Don’t be digressive.

And yet, for some reason, Obama delivered a Bill Clinton-esque performance, meandering around his own record, taking random digs at Donald Trump, and hitting applause lines (YES WE CAN) almost at random.

It was especially confusing in light of his wife’s out-of-the-park performance on Monday night, which stuck to his more classic formula of short, well-structured speeches that tell coherent stories. Michelle Obama told an easy-to-remember tale, of sacrifice and reward, of watching her little girls cash in the hard work by women and people of color to make America truly a land of opportunity.

It’s hard to put a thesis statement into Barack Obama’s speech. He roamed around, hat-tipping Black Lives Matter and Clinton’s hard work, but one never got the sense, from him, of Clinton as a friend. Michelle Obama sold Clinton that way, portraying her as an older woman she had grown close to and come to admire. Bill Clinton had done it, portraying his wife as she frankly, as a human, deserves to be seen: As a kind-hearted woman who loves her child and can set human male hearts a-flutter.

But to Barack Obama, the man who sat with her as they watched their hard work result in the death of the man who inflicted 9/11 on us? No real warmth was detected. It’s hard for me to imagine going through that with someone and not feeling bound to them. How our president, a man who is a genius at making the incomprehensible seem downright folksy, failed to convey that, is a great mystery. That said, I don’t think Obama should pull himself off the trail or feel like a liability to Clinton. His comments about how they reconciled post-primary offer an important example to Bernie Sanders holdouts who don’t understand the basic facts of politics. He is also, as much as it pains me to say, better at delivering sick burns in the direction of Donald Trump better than any other politician on the planet. Trump’s impotent, small-fingered response already indicates that. But that was a crowd that was fully ready to be united and scream its head off at the chance of electing the first female president, and, for some reason, Obama just fell a bit short of the task. As he noted in the speech, being the leader of the free world is hard work — which is why we should want Clinton in the job — so perhaps he didn’t have time to tell a better story. Still, a shame. Most of us wanted to hear the real story of how these two former foes became friends. Obama could have told that story in style, and made history while he did it. His failure to do so is on him. But we’ll always have his wife. Michelle, 2024! Sí se puede!",1
2587,Netanyahu Back To Barely Pretending He Supports A Two-State Solution,"Fresh off his party's victory in this week's parliamentary election, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday walked back a statement from earlier this week in which he had ruled out a ""two-state"" solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.

But just a few days earlier, in the midst of what then looked like an uphill battle for Netanyahu's Likud Party, the prime minister said that a two-state solution would never happen on his watch. “I think that anyone who is going to establish a Palestinian state today and evacuate lands, is giving attack grounds to the radical Islam against the state of Israel,"" he told an Israeli news website on Monday, one day before the Israeli election.

These comments contradicted a 2009 speech, in which Netanyahu endorsed the two-state approach as a way to attain peace in the region. In July 2014, however, Netanyahu made clear he had no interest in a fully sovereign Palestinian state.

Netanyahu added in Thursday's interview that if the current Palestinian territories did attain statehood, the result would be a ""terrorist state"" because the Palestinians would receive arms from Iran. As long as that was the case, he said, a two-state solution was not possible.

The prime minister's comments earlier in the week prompted a threat from White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, who said Wednesday that the U.S. would ""re-evaluate our position and the path forward in this situation,"" and might even explore pressing for Palestinian statehood at the United Nations.

The Obama administration also took issue with Netanyahu's election-day text message blasts warning supporters that “Arab voters are going to the polls in droves.”

“Rhetoric that seeks to marginalize one segment of their population is deeply concerning and it is divisive and I can tell you that these are views the administration intends to communicate directly to the Israelis,"" Earnest said.

When asked on Thursday by MSNBC host Andrea Mitchell to respond to allegations that he was a racist, Netanyahu simply said, ""I'm not.""

He also reaffirmed the long-standing relationship between the United States and Israel, despite recent tensions over congressional Republicans' invitation to Netanyahu to address the U.S. Congress without giving proper notice to the White House.

""There are so many areas where we must work together, will work together with the United States, and the president, because we have no other alternative,"" Netanyahu said. ""America has no greater ally than Israel and Israel has no greater ally than the United States.""",1
1893,Rand Paul is about to kick off a Republican civil war on foreign policy,"Sen. Rand Paul is about to announce that he's running for president — kicking off a long-postponed Republican civil war on foreign policy.

Unlike the rest of the likely GOP presidential field, Paul is a die-hard true believer in scaling down America's involvement in conflicts around the world. That pits him against the mainstream, hawks in the Republican party whose ideas are sure to dominate the campaign. By running for president, Paul hopes to inject his ideas into the debate and shift priorities his party's held for decades.

Paul's presence alone is a threat to people in the party establishment. The party's most hawkish voices, fearing exactly this, are mobilizing in force to stop Paul — lobbying internally and even potentially running candidates whose sole purpose would be challenging Paul on foreign policy.

The coming campaign, then, is a major test of where the Republican Party view of foreign policy is heading.

Paul is pretty open about what he believes on foreign policy. It's a simple pitch: no more foreign wars and less government involvement in our lives in the name of security. It also happens to be 180 degrees from what most other Republicans think.

Paul supports nuclear negotiations with Iran (though he's been conspicuously quiet about the recently announced framework deal). He's tacitly endorsed the Obama approach to Russia and Ukraine, and has vociferously opposed NSA surveillance.

He's blasted both the Afghanistan surge and the Libya intervention. Today, he opposes arming the Syrian rebels to fight ISIS or Bashar al-Assad.

""After the tragedies of Iraq and Libya, Americans are right to expect more from their country when we go to war,"" Paul said in an October speech widely seen as an outline of his 2016 foreign policy platform.

Paul often builds conservative cred for these ideas by couching them as critiques of Democrats. In his recent speech to the Conservative Political Action Committee, for example, he bashed ""Hillary's war in Libya"" for ushering in chaos that helped jihadi groups flourish.

This is a standard non-interventionist argument — America's allegedly humanitarian wars often produce terrible unintended consequences — that also implicitly criticizes Republican hawks. But because it's couched as an attack on Democrats, it can play with Republicans.

Paul will occasionally do something that makes it seem like he's moving in a more hawkish direction. Sometimes that's a sop to political necessity. Paul used to call for zeroing out US aid to Israel — an extremely unpopular position in the GOP that he's now reversed.

But other times, it's a fakeout. Paul learned from his father, former Rep. Ron Paul, that refusing to compromise or tailor your libertarian message at all will simply lead to marginalization inside the GOP. Instead, he's developed a more subtle strategy: repurpose classic Republican positions and tactics to endorse non-interventionist, rather than hawkish, views about foreign policy.

Take a recent amendment on defense spending. Paul, a longtime critic of wasteful defense spending, proposed a larger defense budget — shocking even stalwart libertarians.

But Paul wasn't mounting a serious campaign to hike defense spending. The amendment was designed to embarrass hawkish Sen. Marco Rubio, a likely primary rival. Paul's amendment proposed increasing spending by the exact same amount as one Rubio had proposed earlier, only Paul paid for it with other domestic spending cuts, which Rubio didn't.

""This amendment is to lay down a marker that if you believe we need more funding for national defense, you should show how you would pay for it,"" Doug Stafford, a senior Paul adviser, told Reason. The whole thing was a stunt designed to show that increasing defense spending requires tradeoffs from any Republican who's serious about the debt.

Paul is basically alone on these issues in the primary. Virtually every plausible Republican candidate has argued that the Obama administration's major problem is that it's been too unwilling to intervene forcefully around the world. Paul, of course, thinks the opposite.

If Paul wins the primary — let alone the presidency — then the GOP and its elected officials will have to line up behind him. That will mean defending his foreign policy against Democrats, who will likely blast Paul from an interventionist point of view.

The Democratic criticism of Paul's big October speech shows how this dynamic would work. ""Paul's been clear about his goal,"" DNC Press Secretary Michael Czin told reporters before the speech. ""He wants to see America retreat from our responsibilities around the world."" Republican Party organs like the RNC couldn't just take this stuff. They'd need to defend their candidate, essentially forcing Republicans around the country to back Paul's non-interventionism.

As Republicans defend Paul, Democrats might also drift hawkish as they unite against Paul's philosophy. That's particularly true if Hillary Clinton, who is already on the more interventionist side of the Democratic spectrum, is the nominee.

It's hard to say if a Paul nomination would transform the Republican Party's generally hawkish positions in the long run. But it'd be the biggest challenge to the GOP's hawkish orthodoxy in decades.

The bulk of the Republican Party's foreign policy is relatively hawkish. Paul's campaign represents an intolerable threat to their dominant position in the party, so he'll face massive resistance from them in the coming months.

Yesterday, for example, Bloomberg's Josh Rogin reported that a new group called the Foundation for a Secure and Prosperous America planned to spend ""seven figures"" on an ad campaign painting Paul as soft on foreign policy, particularly on Iran. Rick Reed, the man behind the campaign, is the same guy who spearheaded the infamous ""Swift Boat Veterans for Truth"" attacks on John Kerry.

Reed's group is hardly the first major institutional pushback against Paul. Both Sen. Lindsey Graham, Rep. Pete King, and former UN Ambassador John Bolton appear to be considering runs. None really have a real shot at the nomination. It's very clear, as MSNBC's Benjy Sarlin reports, that the entire point of their runs would be to attack Paul from the interventionist right.

Whether these anti-Paul campaigns succeed is an open, but really important, question. Since the early Bush administration, the GOP's hawkish factions have enjoyed essentially unchallenged control over the party's national agenda. In fact, there probably hasn't been this serious a challenge to Republican orthodoxy on foreign policy since the Reagan revolution.

Paul's announcement today, then, isn't just about him. It's about whether the Republican Party is open to a fundamentally different way of approaching the world.",1
3102,"Pope Francis is not endorsing Kim Davis's views, Vatican says","The Vatican moved to distance Pope Francis from the controversial county clerk on Friday, saying, 'The pope did not enter into the details of the situation of Mrs. Davis.'

Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis making a statement to the media at the front door of the Rowan County Judicial Center in Morehead, Ky. earlier this month. On Friday, the Vatican distanced Pope Francis from Kim Davis, the focal point in the gay marriage debate in the US, saying she was one of dozens of people the pope greeted in the US and that their Sept. 24 encounter at the Vatican's embassy in Washington ""should not be considered a form of support of her position."" Davis, an Apostolic Christian, spent five days in jail for defying a series of federal court orders to issue same-sex marriage licenses after the Supreme Court legalized gay marriage across the country.

The Vatican on Friday distanced Pope Francis from Kim Davis, saying she was one of dozens of people who met with the pontiff on his visit to the United States and that their meeting was not an endorsement.

""The pope did not enter into the details of the situation of Ms. Davis, and his meeting with her should not be considered a form of support of her position in all of its particular and complex aspects,"" Vatican spokesman Rev. Federico Lombardi said in a statement.

Friday’s announcement clears up days of speculation over Davis's 15 minutes at the Vatican's embassy in Washington on Sept. 24, which suggested to many that the pontiff condoned her decision as a Kentucky county clerk to defy a US Supreme Court order to grant marriage licenses to same-sex couples.

During the meeting, Francis gave Davis a rosary, reportedly telling her ""to 'stand strong,'"" according to The Christian Science Monitor.

Since it had also come just days after another meeting he had with nuns opposing a government mandate on contraceptives, the encounter was not wholly unfitting with Francis’s style of reaching out to “people he calls on the 'peripheries,'"" The Monitor reported.

The pope also said ""Conscientious objection is a right that is a part of every human right,"" according to NBC News. ""And if a person does not allow others to be a conscientious objector, he denies a right.""

Pope Francis ""took somebody on the front of the newspapers for faith-related concerns and met with her,"" Joe Valenzano, an expert on religious rhetoric at the University of Dayton in Ohio, previously told the Monitor. ""[The pope told Davis that] you don’t lose faith because you lose a battle. That’s not the pope weighing in on the culture wars or endorsing Kim Davis’s position. That’s the pope endorsing the idea that religion is important to people.""

""Such brief greetings occur on all papal visits and are due to the pope’s characteristic kindness and availability,"" said Father Lombardi. ""The only real audience granted by the pope at the Nunciature was with one of his former students and his family.""

Davis gained national attention this summer for refusing to issue same-sex marriage licenses in one Kentucky county after the Supreme Court legalized gay marriage across the country. She later spent five days in jail for refusing to adhere to federal court orders.",1
3922,Why Hillary Clinton was told not to be a trial lawyer: she didn't have a wife at home,"In 1974, Hillary Clinton learned the biggest challenge for working women: clean socks.

In her memoir Living History, Clinton tells the story of the end of the Watergate investigation, after Richard Nixon resigned. Clinton, who was a staff member on the investigation, reveals a conversation she and her fellow attorneys had as they decided what to do once their work ended:

Suddenly I was out of work. Our close-knit group of lawyers met for one last dinner together before we scattered to the four winds. Everyone talked excitedly about plans for the future. I was undecided, and when Bert Jenner asked me what I wanted to do, I said I wanted to be a trial lawyer, like him. He told me that would be impossible. ""Because you won't have a wife."" ""What on earth does that mean?"" Bert explained that without a wife at home to take care of all my personal needs, I would never be able to manage the demands of everyday life, like making sure I had clean socks for court. I've since wondered whether Jenner was pulling my leg or making a serious point about how tough the law still could be for women.

It's a funny story about antiquated notions about women in the workplace. But it also exposes a kind of shortsighted, classist cluelessness about the problems of working women — is doing laundry and other housework really the biggest problem of taking a new job as a woman?

Even now, before she has officially announced her plans to run for president in 2016, Clinton already appears to be running as a woman. That's a big change from her 2008 campaign, when she played down her gender: ""I am not running as a woman, I am running because I believe I am the best qualified and experienced person,"" she told Iowa voters in 2007.

And with the issues of working women — paid leave, the wage gap, and child care, for example — a hot topic in the national economic conversation right now, Clinton will likewise have to navigate the class divide within feminism. Those class-related rifts have become more visible in recent years, particularly since the publication of Sheryl Sandberg's Lean In, which was criticized for primarily addressing problems of middle- to upper-class professional women.

In case you were wondering, Hillary ultimately never had to face the dirty-socks question; in the end, she chose to follow her husband (or, as she puts it, ""follow her heart"") to Arkansas, where Bill was running for Congress. But the dilemmas will be bigger now as she prepares her run for the presidency.",1
3833,Obama administration bans some military-style assault gear from local police departments,"CAMDEN, N.J. -- The Obama administration announced Monday it will ban federal transfers of certain types of military-style gear to local police departments, as the president seeks to respond to a spate of incidents that has frayed trust in communities across the country.

The banned items are tracked armored vehicles, bayonets, grenade launchers, ammunition of .50-caliber or higher and some types of camouflage uniforms, according to a report released by a White House working group that made the recommendations. Other equipment, including tactical vehicles, explosives and riot equipment, will be transferred only if local police provide additional certification and assurances that the gear will be used responsibly, according to the report.

""We’ve seen how militarized gear sometimes gives people a feeling like they are an occupying force as opposed to a part of the community there to protect them,"" Obama said during remarks in Camden, N.J. ""Some equipment made for the battlefield is not appropriate for local police departments.""

The nation's largest police union denounced the president's move, saying he has overstated the problem.

“The issue of militarization has been really kind of exaggerated almost to the point that I don’t recognize it at times,” said James Pasco, executive director of the national Fraternal Order of Police. “The vast majority of the equipment that civilian law enforcement gets from the military is administrative stuff or defensive in nature.”

The ban on items will take effect immediately, White House officials said, while the restrictions on other gear will be phased in so that local law enforcement agencies can be briefed about the new requirements.

""The idea is to make sure we strike the right balance of providing equipment that is appropriate and important, while at the same time put standards in place that give a clear reason for the transfer of that equipment, with clear training and safety provisions in place,"" Cecilia Muñoz, the White House director of domestic policy, told reporters in a conference call on Sunday.

The announcement came as Obama traveled here to highlight his administration's strategy to help reform local police departments, including efforts to increase the numbers of officers on patrol and the use of body cameras. The White House has said the administration will spend about $75 million over the next three years to buy about 50,000 body cameras that will be worn by police.

The administration has been seeking to respond to a series of incidents, including the shooting by police of teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., last summer, that have sparked protests among citizens.

As he has over the past months, Obama sought to tread a careful line between calling on police officers and members of the community to do more to improve the relationship between them. The president emphasized that pervasive hopelessness in the inner city is driven in large part by a lack of educational and economic opportunities.

He also praised the police, saying ""the overwhelming number of police officers are good, fair, honest and care deeply about their community, putting their lives on the line every day."" He said the police cannot be expected to provide the answers to some of the intractable social issues that have roots in divisive issues of race and class.

The appearance of heavily armored vehicles and police clad in military-grade body armor to quell the unrest in Ferguson led to widespread concerns that the federal program providing that gear, begun with the best intentions, had run amok.

One of the ways police departments have armed themselves in recent years is through the Defense Department's excess property program, known as the 1033 Program.  That program has transferred more than $4.3 billion in equipment since its inception in 1997. In 2013 alone it gave nearly half a billion dollars worth of military equipment to local law enforcement agencies, according to the program's Web site.

Some police chiefs have stressed that much of the equipment that has been being made available by the federal program is radio and dispatch equipment that provides cash-strapped departments with valuable updates. Others, thought, have decried the influx of military equipment into local departments that has come in recent years where budgets for officers on the ground have been cut.

“I understand what the president is trying to do, and  I think he recognizes that law enforcement is a dangerous job,” said Richard Beary, president of the International Association of Chiefs of Police. “I think he’s trying to strike a balance … trying to find that happy balance between being able to provide the equipment that we need and also trying to provide some accountability.”

The announcement of a ban on portions of the program Monday was something of a surprise.

Last December, new White House initiatives stopped well short of banning the transfer of hulking military vehicles that were designed to withstand blasts from land mines in Iraq and Afghanistan and that prompted a public outcry when they appeared on the streets of Ferguson.

A senior administration official at that time said the White House didn’t have the authority to stop the transfers. “Those are programs that Congress directed the agencies to implement,” the official said.

But the working group report suggested that there was “substantial risk of misusing or overusing these items.""

The announcement was met with praise from lawmakers in Missouri, as well as from elected officials who had introduced bills in recent months that would have installed similar restrictions.

On the campaign trail, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), who has a bill pending in Congress to reform the types of militarized weapons for local police, endorsed the president's actions.

""I see no reason why a 20-ton mine resistant ambush protection vehicle should ever roll down any city in our country,"" Paul said during an appearance in Philadelphia, not far from Camden. ""The president can change some of this through executive order, and I commend him for doing so.""

Paul added: ""There is no reason that the police force should be the same as the army.""

Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) called the new restrictions “another step in the direction of needed change to better protect both police officers and the communities those officers serve."" Rep. Lacy Clay (D-Mo.) thanked Obama for instituting the new restrictions on which military equipment local police forces could obtain.

“I witnessed first-hand, high-powered sniper rifles with night scopes being pointed at my constituents who were peacefully exercising their constitutional rights,” said Clay, whose district includes Ferguson. “That kind of police militarization is harmful, and it deepens the already wide gulf of mistrust that exists between communities of color and some local law enforcement agencies.”

Meanwhile, anti-police brutality and law enforcement reform groups were more measured, praising the move by the Obama administration but painting it as a small step in what they believe will be a long process to reform American policing.

“We know that reforming 1033 or putting limits on military equipment is not going to be enough,” said Dante Barry, executive director of Million Hoodies Movement for Justice, one of the groups born in response to the shooting of Trayvon Martin in Florida in 2012. “Any reform done to policing must be systemic and transformative,"" said Barry, who has played a role in organizing the Black Lives Matter protests that have occurred nationwide since Michael Brown was killed. ""Militarized police culture, surveillance technologies and equipment must all be looked at if we are to see an end of police militarization in our communities.”

Obama's visit Monday to Camden, one of New Jersey's poorest cities, came as he seeks to ramp up federal funding for community policing initiatives.

Camden has long been among New Jersey's most crime-ridden cities, but reforms over the past two years have led to falling crime statistics and an increased number of officers in the community. The president toured Camden's county police headquarters and tactical operations center, and he spoke with youth and officers before delivering remarks at a community center.

""I came here to do what would have been unthinkable just a few years ago: Hold you up as a symbol of promise for the nation,"" Obama told a crowd of nearly 300. He noted that crime had fallen but emphasized that the city still has a lot of work to do. Camden remains one of the most crime-ridden cities in New Jersey.

White House aides said the reforms in Camden include its designation as a federal ""Promise Zone,"" which allows the city to receive federal grants to help improve educational opportunities and public health and reduce crime. The city last month joined the administration's ""My Brother's Keeper"" program, which Obama started to try to concentrate on providing opportunities for young African American men and boys.

The Obama administration also has sought additional funding to increase body cameras for local departments and this month announced a $20 million pilot program.

""We're hopeful we will have a constructive conversation with Congress to up the ante for departments to buy cameras,"" Muñoz said.

In the coming weeks, several members of Obama's Cabinet also will travel across the country to tout the community policing initiatives.",1
3917,Obama administration prepares regulatory rush in 2015,"The Obama administration just wrapped up another big year for regulations and executive actions -- pushing through everything from a new type of retirement account to a deportation reprieve affecting millions of illegal immigrants to long-awaited standards for coal waste.

But thousands of proposed regulations remain on the table and could set the stage for a rush of rulemaking in the president's final two years in office.

Some of the biggest items are expected from the Environmental Protection Agency, which is set to finalize several landmark rules in 2015. Perhaps the most controversial concern new regulations on coal-fired power plants.

The Obama administration is trying to get fossil-fuel fired power plants to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 30 percent from 2005 levels by 2030.

The EPA proposed the rules last year and is set to finalize them by summer 2015.

But with Republicans taking control of the Senate and boosting their numbers in the House, incoming leaders are girding for battle.

Incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican who represents the coal state of Kentucky, told The Associated Press last month he'll do all he can to stop regulations hurting the industry.

Though the administration is pushing the regulations as part of a broad plan to improve air quality and curb global warming, McConnell told the AP: ""My first obligation is to protect my people, who are hurting as the result of what this administration is doing.""

He added: ""I'm going to do any and everything I can to stop it.""

According to the Competitive Enterprise Institute, the Obama administration put out 2,375 proposed rules in 2014 that are still under consideration. That's in addition to 3,541 final rules and regulations in 2014, according to CEI.

The sheer number of rules from the Obama administration is not unprecedented. Early in the George W. Bush administration, the annual number of rules topped 4,000. But critics say this administration is imposing more expensive regulations.

Among them is a controversial EPA proposal to expand regulatory power over streams and wetlands. The agency, set to finalize the rule in April, estimates it could impose costs of between $162 million to $278 million per year, but says ""public benefits outweigh the costs"" -- since, the EPA says, the changes would reduce flooding, support hunting and fishing, and ease pollution.

Republicans, though, have described the maneuver as a massive land grab.

The plan would define which specific waterways the EPA can regulate. The Clean Water Act already gives the EPA the ability to regulate ""U.S. waters,"" but Supreme Court rulings have left the specifics unclear when it comes to waters that flow only part of the year.

The EPA claims this does not expand its authority, and only clarifies it.

But detractors claim it is an opening for the EPA to claim authority over countless waterways, including streams that only show up during heavy rainfall. Critics warn this could create more red tape for property owners and businesses if they happen to have even small streams on their land.

Rep. Lamar Smith, R-Texas, chairman of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, has called it an effort to ""control a huge amount of private property across the country.""

In another EPA initiative, the agency is looking to October to finalize sweeping ozone regulations.

In proposing the limits on smog-forming pollution linked to asthma and respiratory illness in November, EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy argued that the public health benefits far outweigh the costs and that most of the U.S. can meet the tougher standards without doing anything new.

""We need to be smart -- as we always have -- in trying to find the best benefits in a way that will continue to grow the economy,"" McCarthy said. Of reducing ozone, she added: ""We've done it before, and we're on track to do it again.""

But business groups panned the proposal as unnecessary and the costliest in history, warning it could jeopardize a resurgence in American manufacturing.

President Obama initially had pulled the EPA's proposed ozone limits amid intense pressure from industry and the GOP. But public health groups sued, and a federal court ordered the EPA to issue a new draft smog rule by last month -- which the agency did.

The rules are estimated to cost industry anywhere between $3.9 billion and $15 billion by 2025. That price tag would exceed that of any previous environmental regulation in the U.S. Environmental groups are pushing for stricter limits still.

On other fronts, the Federal Communications Commission could move in a matter of months to propose new ""net neutrality"" rules. Obama weighed in on that debate late last year, urging the FCC to regulate the Internet like other utilities.

The White House is calling for an ""explicit ban"" on deals between broadband Internet providers and online services like Netflix, Amazon or YouTube to move their content faster, a potential new source of revenue for cable companies. While the FCC is an independent agency, Obama's statement could put political pressure on FCC commissioners.

Meanwhile, the National Labor Relations Board has issued new rules for so-called ""ambush"" union elections -- speeding up elections and requiring employers to give unions contact information for workers. The rules take effect in April.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4541,"Obama Apologizes, Takes Responsibility For Deaths Of Innocent Hostages In U.S. Drone Strike","President Barack Obama gave a statement Thursday after the White House announced U.S. drone strikes had killed innocent American and Italian hostages in Pakistan, saying he takes full responsibility for the operation.

A statement from the White House identified the hostages as Dr. Warren Weinstein, an American held by al Qaeda since 2011, and Giovanni Lo Porto, an Italian national who had been an al Qaeda hostage since 2012. According to the White House, the operation in which the two were killed targeted an al Qaeda-associated compound, ""where we had no reason to believe either hostage was present, located in the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan.""

""As a husband and as a father, I cannot begin to imagine the anguish that the Weinstein and Lo Porto families are feeling today,"" Obama said.

""I know there's nothing I can ever say or do to ease their heartache,"" he added.

Two other Americans who were working with al Qaeda were also recently killed in the same region, according to the White House. Ahmed Farouq, an American who was an al Qaeda leader, was killed in the same operation that took the lives of Weinstein and Lo Porto, while American Adam Gadahn, a member of al Qaeda, was killed in a separate operation in January. The White House said the two were not specifically targeted and counterterrorism officials ""did not have information indicating their presence at the sites of these operations.""

The Wall Street Journal reports this is the first known instance in which the U.S. has accidentally killed hostages in a drone strike.

Obama defended U.S. counterterrorism operations in his remarks Thursday, saying the strikes occurred after ""hundreds of hours of surveillance"" had been conducted. He noted ""it is a cruel and bitter truth that in the fog of war generally, and in our fight against terrorists specifically, mistakes...can occur.""

After Obama gave his remarks, Weinstein's wife released a statement on behalf of the family condemning the ""cowardly actions of those who took Warren captive"" and expressing disappointment in the U.S. government.

“I want to thank Congressman John Delaney, Senator Barbara Mikulski, and Senator Ben Cardin – as well as specific officials from the Federal Bureau of Investigation – for their relentless efforts to free my husband.” Elaine Weinstein said. “Unfortunately, the assistance we received from other elements of the U.S. Government was inconsistent and disappointing over the course of three and a half years. We hope that my husband’s death and the others who have faced similar tragedies in recent months will finally prompt the U.S. Government to take its responsibilities seriously and establish a coordinated and consistent approach to supporting hostages and their families.”",1
4081,Thousands march to mourn slain Boris Nemtsov,"MOSCOW — Tens of thousands of people marched in the sleet Sunday through central Moscow to mourn slain Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, gunned down just steps away from the Kremlin.

""I wasn't planning to go to the rally initially, I had no faith in them,"" said Tatyana Shakhova, a young demonstrator holding a sign that said ""propaganda kills.""

""But (Nemtsov's killing) crosses all the lines,"" she said. ""I have no faith that the organizers of the murder will be found.""

Nemtsov's death is a ""critical turning point for Russia,"" said one of the rally's organizers, Gennady Gudkov, a former member of parliament who was kicked out in 2012 because of his opposition activity. ""Either something starts getting better in this country, or it could go the way of more (political assassinations and repressions.)""

Russian President Vladimir Putin, whom Nemtsov staunchly criticized in the past, condemned Friday's killing and took personal control of the investigation. Russia's Investigative Committee on Sunday pledged to award 3 million rubles (about $50,000) for valuable information about Nemstov's death.

Up to 100,000 people turned out for the march, according to Gudkov, after the location was changed from the outskirts of Moscow to the center of the city. Moscow police, which often downplay the turnout for opposition rallies, put the crowd at 44,000.

Demonstrators holding Russian flags and portraits of Nemtsov marched from the Kitai-Gorod subway, along the southeastern wall of the Kremlin, to the bridge by Red Square where Nemtsov was slain.

The march was initially planned as a protest against Russia's involvement in Ukraine and the resulting economic crisis. Nemtsov, who reportedly had been gathering evidence that Moscow was arming and aiding pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine, was to speak at the rally. But organizers on Saturday canceled the demonstration to instead hold a march of mourning.

Nemtsov, 55, who served as first deputy prime minister under the late president Boris Yeltsin, was shot four times in the back from a passing car as he walked with a female friend across a bridge Friday night, the Interior Ministry said. At least seven shots were fired by several assailants. His companion was not hurt.

The hunt for his killer continues.

Investigators said Sunday that they were again questioning the woman, Ukrainian citizen Anna Duritskaya, the Associated Press reported. LifeNews, a television station with ties to the security services, said Duritskaya told investigators that she was in shock and could not remember what the killer looked like or the car he was in.

At Sunday's march, thousands of Russian tricolor flags peppered the gathering, which was an unusual display for opposition protests. Volunteers handing them out explained that the flags had been ""usurped"" to represent only the government in power, and it was time for people to take back the flags to represent the country.

""We decided on the flags spontaneously. We wanted to move away from politics toward something that unites us,"" Gudkov said. ""Also, Boris (Nemtsov) was a patriot of Russia.""

Russian flags intermingled with Ukraine's colors of blue and yellow, as many demonstrators spoke out for peace between the two countries.

""Russia and Ukraine must be together,"" said Dasha Ilyasova, who carried a joined Russian and Ukrainian flag with a black ribbon to commemorate Nemtsov.

""A good person was killed,"" she said. ""If it was a bad person or a person who supported Putin, he wouldn't have been killed.""

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States had no intelligence on who was behind the shooting. ""We hope there will be a thorough, transparent, real investigation, not just of who actually fired the shots, but who, if anyone, may have ordered or instructed this or been behind this,"" Kerry said Sunday on ABC's This Week.

The theme of Sunday's protest was ""propaganda kills,"" in reference to a propaganda campaign on Russian television that termed Kremlin critics ""traitors"" and ""fifth columnists.""

Russian state media turned nationalist in the wake of Ukraine's pro-Western coup a year ago and Russia's move to annex Ukraine's breakaway Crimea. While Russia has persistently denied sending troops and arming separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine, Russia's media have staunchly supported the fight against Kiev's new government.

A pro-Kremlin rally on Feb. 21 included demonstrators calling for a ""purge of the fifth column,"" a slogan remembered with fear following Nemtsov's slaying. But there was doubt that Nemtsov's death would change the status quo.

""I think public sentiment will only escalate. Neutrality has disappeared. There are people for or against, and they are irreconcilable."" said Mark Feigin, the firebrand lawyer who defended the Pussy Riot protest singers and Ukrainian pilot Nadezhda Savchenko, who was captured by pro-Russian fighters and is imprisoned in Russia.

Savchenko, who is accused by Russia of being involved in the death of two Russian reporters in Ukraine, has been on a hunger strike for 79 days to protest her imprisonment. While Nemtsov's murder won't change public sentiment, Feigin said he hoped the rally could help his defendant.

""Unwillingly, Nemtsov became part of a cumulative effect that could lead to a political decision that could free Savchenko,"" he said.",1
1335,How Tim Scott chose to endorse Marco Rubio for president,"Like a modern day Ben Franklin, Sen. Tim Scott makes his most critical decisions by listing the pros and cons on a sheet of paper.

So in recent weeks, as the South Carolina Republican tried to decide who to endorse for the GOP presidential nomination, Scott pulled out his detailed notes on the contenders along with his yellow legal pads and blue pens, crafting the rationale for each of the potential nominees as well as their downsides.

On Tuesday, he endorsed Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) — a fellow 40-something when they were first elected in 2010; both minorities in the white confines of Republican caucuses. What seemed like a natural decision from the outside came through one of the more detailed, painstaking processes any senator uses for choosing which horse to back in presidential politics.

In an interview, Scott explained that, indeed,  he really only had one choice once he had done his due diligence.“When I put together a strong position on national defense and foreign policy, coupled with a compassionate attachment for people to alleviate poverty using conservative principles exclusively, Marco Rubio became the only candidate that I honestly believe can do both,” he said.

The endorsement served as another boost to Rubio’s campaign, which shot out of the Iowa caucuses with a better-than-expected finish in third, narrowly edged out by Donald Trump for second and not far behind Sen. Ted Cruz’s (R-Texas) winning slot. Rubio, who has tried to position himself as a next-generation leader, has also focused on winning endorsements from less tenured lawmakers, such as Sen. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.) and Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.), both of whom were also elected in the 2010 Republican tidal wave.

Scott said that he’s aware endorsements don’t always add up to actual votes from real voters — that transference is one of the most difficult acts in politics. He said that he will travel to New Hampshire in the coming days to be with Rubio in advance of Tuesday’s primary, where Cruz’s staunch conservatism isn’t expected to play as well and Rubio might have a chance for a strong second-place finish or to even leap into first ahead of Trump.

Scott’s real focus, however, will be in South Carolina, which is shaping up in its usually pivotal fashion. “We’ll find out in 18 days,” Scott said Tuesday, counting down to the Feb. 20 showdown in his home state.

Getting to that point, however, took more than six months of detailed deliberation, note taking and face-to-face interaction between a dozen candidates and arguably the most sought-after endorser in the U.S. Senate. Scott, now 50, is the only African-American Republican in the Senate, and his personal biography of going from a childhood in poverty in North Charleston to making it into the Senate is the stuff of Republican storybook legend.

[Read how the Ryan-Scott poverty summit brought the issue to the 2016 forefront.]

Moreover, his blessing carries more than just symbolic weight because South Carolina is third in line in the presidential nominating process, after Iowa and New Hampshire. Scott is surpassed in popularity only by Gov. Nikki Haley (R) among Palmetto State leaders. In the interview, he acknowledged a “fairly assertive courting process” by the Republican contenders to get his backing.

Scott could’ve easily avoided the pressure of choosing because he is up for reelection this year. Haley appointed Scott to his Senate seat in 2013, after Jim DeMint (R-S.C.) decided to quit midterm to the Heritage Foundation. He won the remainder of DeMint’s term outright in November 2014, but now must stand for election in November to win a full six-year term.

Rather than taking a pass on endorsing anyone, Scott instead decided to maximize his leverage. He put a premium on issues of fighting poverty and upward mobility that are not part of the normal Republican primary vocabulary. Beginning in late August, Scott hosted 12 different town halls with presidential candidates spread all across the state, including everyone from onetime front-runner Donald Trump to his South Carolina partner, Sen. Lindsey Graham, whose own presidential bid came to an end in December.

At each event, Scott said, he took detailed notes of how the candidates handled questions from his constituents on the biggest issues of the day, with a particular focus on national security and poverty.

“Yellow pads and blue ink, a lot of it,” he said, describing the process.

That wasn’t enough, and so in early January Scott hosted what was billed as a “poverty summit”, along with House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.), in Columbia, S.C.. Six GOP hopefuls showed up, but Trump and Cruz were off campaigning in Iowa.

As Scott moderated the event, that’s when he began to settle on Rubio who, like Scott, uses his up-from-bootstraps story to talk about his aspiration for America.

“I think it all culminated at my poverty summit,” he said, explaining that he wants a candidate for the “next American century” rather than someone talking about the past. “I think it’s incredibly important for us to have a candidate who can win by using conservative principles — and that means you have to be able to sell those conservative principles so you need an aspirational candidate.”

But he still wasn’t settled. So, in recent weeks, that meant breaking out the legal pads and blue pens, again, crossing the line down the middle, and drawing up the pluses and minuses for each candidate.

Finally, Tuesday, the decision arrived. Rubio’s name got circled.",1
1664,"Why long shots and also-rans run for president: It’s the media, stupid","In the television age, running for president is automatically assumed to be a good thing—even as a long shot.

You boost your profile. You’re on stage for the big debates. Cable bookers keep calling. Your how-to-save-America book sells better. Profile writers track down your elementary school teacher. And even if you wash out early, there are consolation prizes: A Cabinet post. A running mate selection. A college presidency. A cable gig.

This is true even for those who don’t have a prayer of winning the White House. Without running, Hillary Clinton never would have been secretary of State. Joe Biden, Al Gore and George H.W. Bush would never have been VP. Mike Huckabee wouldn’t have had a Fox show and Al Sharpton wouldn’t be on MSNBC.

In all honesty, what else have they got to do?

This is a challenge for the media, who have trouble covering campaigns as packed as a Manhattan subway train. Especially this year, when the Republican field could actually top 20—far too many candidates to fit on a debate stage, or to include in a two-minute evening news report.

But maybe my working thesis that presidential publicity is, on balance, a good thing misses an important point. As conservative columnist Matt Lewis writes in the Daily Beast:

“I suspect we tend to underestimate the downside of running for president. Let’s consider the 2012 GOP field, which included Rick Perry, Jon Huntsman, Michele Bachmann, Rick Santorum, Herman Cain, Ron Paul, Newt Gingrich, and of course Mitt Romney. And to recap: Perry said ‘oops,’ Huntsman’s campaign never took off and he lost his ambassadorship to China, Bachmann isn’t even in Congress today, Santorum hard-won second place finish hasn’t set him up well for 2016, Cain was ripped apart after a sex scandal, Paul (and Bachmann!) had serious issues with the FEC, and Newt lost his think tank.

 ‎

 “You tell me—are they better off now than they were four years ago?”

Well, it’s true that if you self-destruct like Herman Cain under the weight of sexual harassment allegations, there are negative consequences. On the other hand, everyone has now heard of Herman Cain and he landed a big radio show. Better than being an obscure former pizza executive, no?

Rick Santorum won respect for winning 11 states (and is running again). Newt Gingrich sort of redeemed himself years after being toppled as House speaker (and got a CNN contract). Rick Perry isn’t so damaged that he’s not running again. Mitt Romney is such an elder statesman that many in the party begged him to run a third time (and thought better of it once he began seriously considering it).

Even Jon Huntsman became a national figure and charmed the media elite (and his daughter landed a spot on MSNBC).

But Lewis insists on accentuating the negative, especially “people who have to give up a job to run—like, say, a Fox News gig. And if you have a positive—or possibly inflated—reputation, you’ll likely watch that evaporate as well. Even if the opposition researchers and the media don’t get you (see Herman Cain), there’s a chance that you’ll slip up, amid the sleep deprivation and the glare of cameras and bright lights. There’s always the potential you could be exposed as someone who isn’t as charismatic or knowledgeable as everyone suspected. In fact, it’s pretty easy to leave the impression that you’re kind of dumb.”

But in America, it’s more important to be famous.

Let’s take the trio that jumped into the GOP race this week.

Ben Carson was a world-renowned surgeon (and Fox News contributor) before gearing up for his presidential bid. He has made some comments (equating ObamaCare with slavery, saying straight men come out of prison gay) that have not exactly enhanced his reputation. But as a serious African-American contender for the Republican nomination, he will greatly benefit from the exposure in any future endeavor.

Carly Fiorina was previously known mainly for getting fired as Hewlett-Packard’s CEO and losing a Senate race to Barbara Boxer. She has won plaudits for her fledgling presidential campaign, especially her pointed attacks on Hillary, and now has the first-name recognition that most corporate executives never achieve.

Mike Huckabee was living the good life, hosting a Saturday night Fox show and doing national radio commentaries after his 2008 run. But the former Arkansas governor wants to prove that his success in winning the Iowa caucuses last time wasn’t a fluke. Now he’ll have his chance.

None of them are going to be lacking for employment if this presidential thing doesn’t work out.

But there’s one more aspect that gets overlooked. Most people who run for president have a set of ideas they want to push into the national square. Bernie Sanders knows he’ll never be president, but his ultra-liberal views will get far more attention than if he had passed up the race against Hillary. These candidates want to influence the debate, and there’s nothing like a presidential forum for accomplishing that.

They won’t all get much media oxygen once the field is complete. But it’s better than gasping for air on the sidelines.

Click for more from Media Buzz.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
4594,7 things to watch for on election night,"Washington (CNN) Donald Trump is attempting to crack Hillary Clinton's blue wall. And Clinton is hoping for a surge in Latino turnout fueled by opposition to Trump.

The two candidates are making a last-minute dash across swing states like Florida, Pennsylvania and North Carolina as the 2016 presidential race enters its final hours. They've also gone north to Michigan and New Hampshire to states Democrats have won in recent cycles but could flip this year.

Here are the key states and signs to study as the night unfolds:

Most plausible paths to victory for Trump start with holding onto two battlegrounds that Mitt Romney won four years ago -- North Carolina and Arizona -- and flipping three states President Barack Obama carried: Florida, Ohio and Iowa.

A loss in any of the states would severely complicate Trump's already precarious path to 270 electoral votes. Though if Trump clawed back Pennsylvania or Michigan from the Democrats, who have won both electoral-rich states six times in a row, North Carolina would be more expendable. A win in a state like Pennsylvania or Michigan would allow Trump to offset a loss in North Carolina and still have a shot at reaching 270.

If that doesn't happen, holding North Carolina and Arizona, while reclaiming Florida, Ohio and Iowa from the Democrats -- plus Maine's 2nd District -- would only get him to 260.

Trump would need to tack on 10 more electoral votes somehow. New Hampshire's four and Nevada's six would get him there. Colorado, with nine electoral votes, Michigan with 15 and Pennsylvania with 20 are also possibilities.

In his last 48 hours before Election Day, Trump has been pretty much everywhere, including Colorado, Michigan -- even Minnesota -- searching for the extra votes he needs.

The key question for Clinton is whether her ""blue wall"" of Democratic-leaning states on the Great Lakes -- Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin -- will hold.

Trump has targeted all three, but Clinton has consistently led polls in all three states. However, most voters in Michigan and Pennsylvania cast their ballots on Election Day -- which means her campaign hasn't built the early voting advantage already in place elsewhere.

If Clinton can do that and pick up just one of North Carolina, Florida or Ohio, she's all but guaranteed to win.

If she can't win one of those three states, she'll need to hold Virginia, vote-by-mail Colorado, New Hampshire and Nevada -- where Democrats have already built a hefty early voting edge.

If Clinton wins, her coalition will consist of women, college-educated voters and a swell of new Latino voters.

In early voting in states like Nevada, and Florida, there's already evidence of burgeoning Latino turnout. This is best witnessed by the over 57,000 people who voted in Nevada Friday, with pictures of long lines and extended hours at a Latino grocery store in Clark County.

Many first-time voters, polls show, are turning out to oppose Trump. And Democrats are bullish that Latinos have been under-polled through the entire 2016 election cycle.

For Reince Priebus, the Republican National Committee chairman, this is a ghost of elections past. After the 2012 race, the RNC warned that the party needed to do more to court Latino voters. A nominee who roundly rejected that advice could be the reason the party loses a third consecutive presidential race.

Just as Trump's attacks on Mexican immigrants have alienated Latino voters, his attacks on women and allegations of sexual assault have helped Clinton to a large lead among female voters. Clinton's campaign has highlighted Trump's most derogatory remarks in TV ads aimed at moderate, suburban women -- a constituency that has helped Republican nominees in years past. If she succeeds, it would limit Trump's strengths to rural areas.

Trump's biggest strength is his overwhelming support from disaffected white voters -- particularly men, and especially those without college degrees.

His campaign has long argued that those voters -- many of them independent or Democrats who buy into Trump's protectionist stance on trade -- will carry him on Election Day.

For this to happen, Trump will also need core Democratic voters to stay at home, as well.

Already, Trump appears poised to win Iowa, and has polled ahead of Clinton in Ohio. He's hoping to win enough blue-collar Democrats in Pennsylvania or Michigan to win at least one of those states.

Michigan, in particular, emerged as a tempting target in the campaign's closing days -- a state hard-hit by the trade deals Trump bemoans. Clinton's campaign raced to play defense, dispatching the former secretary of state there, as well as President Barack Obama, for last-minute rallies.

Among Democrats' biggest concerns has been whether African-American voters -- a reliably left-leaning constituency -- will turn out in numbers anywhere close to their support for Obama in 2008 and 2012.

If the answer is no, it could hobble Clinton in key states -- particularly Florida and North Carolina.

Obama is helping carry Clinton's load with black voters. In a call to Tom Joyner's radio show, he argued that participating in this election is just as much about him as it is about Clinton.

""And I know that there are a lot of people in barbershops and beauty salons, you know, in the neighborhoods who are saying to themselves 'We love Barack, we love -- we especially love Michelle -- and so, you know, it was exciting and now we're not excited as much,'"" he said. ""You know what? I need everybody to understand that everything we've done is dependent on me being able to pass the baton to somebody who believes in the same things I believe in.""

Since Trump clinched the GOP nomination in May, Republican Senate and House candidates have been forced to answer for everything he has said -- from his attacks on a Gold Star family and an Indiana-born judge's heritage to his rejection of conservative orthodoxy.

As soon as the election ends, Capitol Hill Republicans -- especially if they retain control of both the House and Senate -- will regain power.

The party will have to decide just what to do with Trump's rejection of free trade, his calls for a decreased US role overseas and his criticism of GOP congressional leaders -- whether he wins or loses.

But adopting some of Trump's policy planks while rejecting his political style might not help much after an election driven by the candidates' personalities.

For a nation divided by a long, bitter contest, this could be the most important question of all: Will the loser concede -- and how will he or she do it?

Trump and Clinton are both historically unpopular presidential nominees. Half the country thinks Clinton is a crook, and the other half thinks Trump is a racist and misogynist.

And Trump, in particular, has cast the election as rigged -- calling into question whether ballots that are mailed in will be counted, playing up inaccurate reports of voter irregularities and claiming that voter fraud is pervasive.

The loser will play a crucial role in legitimizing the victor -- or delegitimizing the winner from the outset.",1
5245,Trump woos women and minorities by pitting one group against another,"Immigrants and refugees are taking jobs from black workers. Undocumented criminals prey on American women. Muslims pose a threat to gay men and lesbians.

For Donald Trump, appealing to minority groups and women often amounts to an “us vs. them” proposition — warning one group that it is being threatened or victimized by another, using exaggerated contrasts and a very broad brush.

“Poor Hispanics and African American citizens are the first to lose a job or see a pay cut when we don’t control our borders,” the Republican presidential candidate said at a rally last week in Akron, Ohio, adding that blacks in particular should vote for him because their lives are so terrible. “What do you have to lose?” he said. “You’ll be able to walk down the street without getting shot. Right now, you walk down the street, you get shot.”

From the start of his campaign, Trump has shaped his message around who is to blame for the nation’s problems — often pointing at illegal immigrants, Black Lives Matter activists and other minorities in a pitch that was aimed primarily at white Republicans.

But now, as Trump seeks to reach out to women and minorities who favor Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, he has increasingly taken to pitting one group against another in a bid for support. It’s not clear how well it will work: Many minority voters, already turned off by months of blunt and polarizing statements, still hear the language of separation in Trump’s words.

“Look, I just think a lot of his views are very ignorant,” Crystal Woods-Brookes, who is black, said as she folded clothes at a laundromat a few miles south of Trump’s Akron rally. “This is not our country, in his words. . . . I believe that’s his whole purpose, to divide, to put us . . . against each other, make one believe the other side is better.

“I believe now he’s trying to change because — it’s not about black people, it’s about the votes,” she added. “He’s already made his point quite clear, as far as I’m concerned.”

[Inside Donald Trump’s new strategy to counter the view of many that he is ‘racist’]

The real estate developer and his team insist that he wants to be an “inclusive” president, and he is in the midst of an outreach effort that includes a new stump speech and meetings with blacks, Latinos and other groups. He also has engaged in a war of words with Clinton over racial issues, repeatedly calling her “a bigot” because, he says, her policies have not helped minorities.

Amid criticism for courting minority voters while speaking to overwhelmingly white audiences, Trump will hold a question-and-answer session Saturday at Great Faith Ministries International in Detroit, which has a primarily black congregation. It will be the first of many such events at black and Latino community centers, according to the campaign.

For many of Trump’s supporters — including some minorities fearful of national security threats — Trump’s rhetoric on immigration is more about facing up to the grim realities of a dangerous world, even if that means saying uncomfortable things about Muslims.

Alejandro Lugo, who moved to Miami more than 20 years ago after living in Cuba for 30 years, said outside a recent campaign event in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., that he’s concerned that the United States is not vetting new immigrants sufficiently. He also rejected any comparison between Cuban refugees and Syrian refugees seeking to escape the Islamic State.

“The Cubans that came were running away from Castro. They settled in Miami, they worked. But we did not use an 18-wheeler truck to kill 150 Americans. And the Muslims, they do that. Cubans don’t do that,” Lugo said. “If the Cubans come from Cuba and they start killing American people, they have to be vetted. If you have connections with al-Qaeda and you come here to kill my family, I don’t want you in this nation.”

For the most part, though, Trump’s message has not resonated with minorities or women, who strongly favor Clinton in opinion polls. Most also think Trump is biased against those groups, polls show.

The Rev. William Barber II, the president of the North Carolina NAACP, said in a recent interview that he objects to Trump’s reductive view of the black community: that all African Americans live in poverty, that their communities are the sources of crime and that they have been fooled into voting for Democrats.

“You’re saying: ‘All black people. . . . They’re all lazy, they’re all poor,’ ” he said. “It fits that racialized narrative that crime is a particular community’s problem rather than crime being a reality in the American construct.”

After Trump cited the “oppression of women and gays in many Muslim nations” in June to support his call to temporarily ban Middle Eastern immigrants from entering the country, LGBT leaders accused Trump of fear-mongering after a massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando — and of suggesting that there are no gay Muslim immigrants.

Women’s groups and activists also have blasted Trump for suggesting that immigrants are a disproportionate threat to women, a rhetorical appeal they say is intended to divide communities among racial lines.

“This is the culmination of all the different ways in which he has painted groups with a very broad brush,” said Marcy Stech, vice president of communications for Emily’s List. “Every week he has shown us this side of him, exposing his racist and misogynistic worldview. And any attempt to erase those moments now is just not going to work.”

José Torres, 54, a computer programmer who works at the Orlando airport, said he was unmoved by Trump’s new pitch to African Americans and Latinos and his potential “softening” on whether he would seek mass deportation of 11 million undocumented immigrants.

“Honestly, the guy as I see him is good at earning money, but as a politician, he’s got radical ideas, and I’m not in agreement with him. I think he’s very racist, also,” Torres said. “It’ll cause disunity in the country.”

Jeremiah Armstrong, 33, of Akron said Trump’s new message to black voters suggests a competition between voters where one really doesn’t exist. Armstrong, a self-employed barber, said the notion that immigrants are taking jobs away from other minorities in the United States does not match with his experience.

“Let me ask you a question: How many black farmworkers do you know? Where around here can you find someone where a Hispanic has come and taken a job?” Armstrong said. “We don’t accept those jobs anyway. I’ve never been offered one, and I’ve never had one taken away from me, so I don’t think that’s the issue.”

Trump’s tough law-and-order talk also has agitated members of the Black Lives Matter movement, who think he doesn’t understand their concerns. Trump has escalated his law enforcement rhetoric in recent months, suggesting several times that protesters are wrong to question police actions.

“Those peddling the narrative of cops as a racist force in our society, a narrative supported with a nod by my opponent, share directly in the responsibility for the unrest in Milwaukee and many other places within our country,” Trump said at a campaign rally in West Bend, Wis. “They have fostered the dangerous anti-police atmosphere in America.”

Many political strategists say the real payoff to Trump’s overtures to minority voters would be to assuage moderate Republicans who are concerned by charges that he is racist. But most doubt his effort will change the minds of minority voters.

“The attempt is at trying to fix a problem he has with mainstream voters, and I’m not optimistic that will work,” said John Weaver, a longtime GOP strategist. “It’s heavy-handed, it’s such a ham-handed attempt. Here’s his problem: People would have to have Etch A Sketch memory in their brains to forget everything he has said.”

Ed O’Keefe in Orlando, Jenna Johnson in Washington and Eva Ruth Moravec in Austin contributed to this report.",1
978,Bernie Sanders Says Bill Clinton Owes Americans an Apology,"NEW YORK – Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders condemned parts of Bill Clinton’s record on Saturday and said the former president owed Americans an apology over a tense exchange with Black Lives Matter protesters at a campaign event earlier this week. Appearing at a forum centering on race at the Apollo Theater in Harlem, Mr. Sanders […]",1
2771,How the Iran deal might change the Middle East,"The nuclear deal that the United States and five other world powers signed with Iran is a means to an end, not the end in itself. In that regard, the pact, scheduled for formal adoption on Oct. 19, necessarily rates as a high-risk proposition. If the agreement succeeds, it may mark a first step toward restoring some semblance of stability to the Greater Middle East, thereby allowing the US to lower its profile there. If it fails, the current disorder may in retrospect seem tame.

When he inherited the Oval Office, Barack Obama inherited that disorder. However naively, many Americans – and many others across the globe – expected this charismatic new president to make short work of such untidiness. My personal collection of Obama-era memorabilia includes a special issue of Newsweek from December 2008 featuring a cover story on “How to Fix the World: A Guide for the Next President.” As a foreign-policy novice, Mr. Obama himself seemed to entertain such exalted expectations, for example, promising a “new beginning between the US and Muslims around the world.” As Obama prepares to retire from office, now considerably grayer than he appeared on that Newsweek cover, no such new beginning has occurred and the world as a whole remains stubbornly unfixed.

That said, Obama may yet leave a foreign-policy legacy of real consequence. Whether that legacy is positive or negative may take years to determine, however. Ultimately, his reputation as a statesman is likely to hinge on how the Iran nuclear pact plays out.

Partisan attacks on the deal – comparing Iran to Nazi Germany, likening Obama to Neville Chamberlain, and foreseeing compliant Israelis marched off to death camps – have been predictable and absurd. Even while failing to derail the agreement, those attacks have inadvertently obscured its larger strategic context, thereby hiding from view both its actual risks and its potential benefits.

Indeed, shorthand references to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), as it is formally known, as a nuclear deal serve to mask its larger implications. Nominally, the agreement lifts economic sanctions imposed on Iran in exchange for that country accepting limits on its nuclear program. Implicitly, however, it represents an invitation for Iran to come in from the cold. How Iranians respond to that invitation is the question on which Obama’s reputation as a statesman is likely to turn.

Obama was a teenager when the Islamic Revolution of 1979 and ensuing hostage crisis turned Iran into an international pariah, excluded from playing a meaningful role in regional politics. Yet excluding the troublemaker served mostly to incite more trouble.

During the 1980s, the US saw Iran as a threat to stability. US policy sought to contain the Islamic Republic, a presumed imperative that found the US aligning itself with Saddam Hussein in the brutal Iran-Iraq War that Mr. Hussein himself had recklessly initiated. In the 1990s, with Iraq now joining Iran on Washington’s enemies list, the US adopted a strategy of “dual containment.” Necessitating a substantial US military presence in the region, this approach incited blowback that ultimately found expression in the 9/11 attacks. Abandoning containment, the George W. Bush administration responded by embracing preventive war. Under the banner of its “freedom agenda,” it set out to remake the region, starting with Iraq but with expectations of soon moving on to neighboring countries, including Iran. The application of US military power in a big way was going to yield very large benefits.

Alas, it hasn’t worked out that way. The American military project in Iraq miscarried and the “freedom agenda” went nowhere. Worse, even with all the thousands of lives lost or shattered, all the hundreds of billions of dollars wasted, US military efforts have actually made conditions in the Greater Middle East markedly worse. An enterprise intended to foster stability, spread democracy, and further the cause of human rights has instead produced something akin to chaos, while fueling violent radicalism.

By invading Iraq, the Bush administration seemingly affirmed Osama bin Laden’s charges of US imperialism and antipathy toward Islam. In Baghdad, meanwhile, the political order resulting from several years of American “nation-building” manifests a combination of ineptitude and sectarian bias that has left Iraq virtually ungovernable. For radical Islamists generally, American intervention in Iraq has been the gift that keeps on giving.

Evidence? Look no further than Islamic State, the successor to Al Qaeda that has declared itself the basis of a new caliphate while carving up large swaths of Iraq and Syria and winning adherents further afield. However loath Americans may be to acknowledge their collective paternity, Islamic State is the bastard child of ill-advised US military interventionism.

No longer the foreign-policy neophyte, Obama today seems to grasp (even if not saying so outright) that US military involvement in the Greater Middle East, dating as far back as the abortive peacekeeping mission in Lebanon during the early 1980s, has been counterproductive. Whether in Iraq or Libya, Somalia or Afghanistan, it has never produced the results promised or expected.

Obama’s acceptance of the risks inherent in the JCPOA constitutes a de facto admission that the attempt to impose order on this region through the application of hard power has failed. Period. Full stop.

Simply trying harder – more bombs or more boots on the ground – won’t produce a more favorable outcome. In effect, the verdict is in: The militarization of US policy in the Islamic world has reached a dead end.

So without fully exposing his hand, Obama is opting for something different. With his Iran initiative, he is attempting to reverse course. In this sense, the JCPOA represents merely a preliminary step in a complex undertaking fraught with hazards.

The ultimate objective of that undertaking is twofold: first, to extricate the US military from what has become a war without end; second, to hand off responsibility for maintaining regional stability to those with the most to lose if the ongoing meltdown continues – the nations inhabiting the neighborhood.

Inherent in this gambit is a heretical proposition to which few politicians – certainly none of the declared presidential candidates – will openly subscribe: that there are certain tasks that exceed the capabilities of even the world’s sole superpower and that should therefore be left to others. Managing the Greater Middle East is one of those things.

Prominent among those “others” who share an interest in preventing further regional disintegration are Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Turkey, and Iraq (if it ever manages to get its act together). While the regimes controlling these several nations disagree about many things, they are all fundamentally committed to the status quo. That is, unlike Islamic State, Al Qaeda, or any of their offshoots, they are committed to preserving rather than destroying the existing system of nation-states within (more or less) their existing borders.

Obama is betting that Iran also qualifies as a status quo nation – or, if it is not presently, that it can be coaxed into becoming one. The impetus behind the bet is quite clear. Only by restoring Iran to its rightful place among regional heavyweights – as a player, not simply as a spoiler – will it be possible for a stable equilibrium of power to emerge. Putting it another way, to persist in excluding Iran is to guarantee continuing upheaval, with the US therefore unable to escape from the quagmire in which it now finds itself.

Those persuaded that only the concerted exercise of US military might will restore order to this part of the world – neoconservatives and hawkish right-wingers, for example – might welcome such a prospect. Sensible Americans will not.

Yet sensible Americans would do well to appreciate the uncertainties involved. Iran today remains a theocracy in which some top leaders identify the US as the Great Satan. Longstanding Iranian support for organizations on the US terrorist list such as Hezbollah is well documented. Prior to 9/11, Iran may have had a hand in terrorist attacks against US servicemen in Lebanon and Saudi Arabia. During the US occupation of Iraq, Iran certainly provided Iraqi militants with weaponry employed to kill American soldiers. Its seniormost authorities eagerly look forward to the day when Israel will cease to exist. In no respect whatsoever does Iran qualify as a “friend” of the US.

On the other hand, US behavior toward Iran over the years has not exactly invited friendship. Even setting aside the 1953 Anglo-American coup that overthrew Iran’s first democratically elected government – an event that the US treats as ancient history – there remain other episodes with which Iranians might reasonably take umbrage.

Washington’s support for Hussein during the Iran-Iraq War is one. The US Navy’s unprovoked shooting down of an Iranian Airbus transiting the Persian Gulf in 1988, killing 290 civilians, is a second. Washington’s inclusion of Iran in the so-called Axis of Evil, despite Tehran signaling a willingness to help after 9/11, is a third. More recently, US collaboration with Israel in unleashing the Stuxnet computer virus to disable an Iranian nuclear research facility – in effect, a state-sponsored cyberattack – offers another.

So Iran has no more reason to trust the US than the US has to trust Iran.

Yet the case to be made for the JCPOA relies on neither friendship nor trust. Instead, it posits a convergence of interests. In an immediate sense, that convergence translates into a concrete and specific quid pro quo: Iran gets escape from economic strangulation; the US gets a suspension of putative Iranian attempts to acquire the bomb. More broadly and more speculatively, the JCPOA may – there are no guarantees – lay the basis for a collaboration against the antistatist violent radicalism threatening to envelop much of the Islamic world.

Obama’s critics dismiss the possibility of such a collaboration as hooey. Those who govern Iran, they argue, are hate-filled crazies committed to a revolutionary agenda.

That’s one view. Another interprets Iranian hate speech, which is real, as akin to hate speech in American politics – intended chiefly for domestic consumption. To some observers, the chants of “death to America” heard in Tehran seem increasingly pro forma, of no more real significance than the Islamophobia and anti-immigrant rants routinely heard on Fox News.

More significantly, the charge of irrationality just doesn’t stick – nothing in their recent behavior suggests that Iran’s rulers have a death wish or are willing to trade Tehran for Tel Aviv. Ruthless and calculating they may be, but not suicidal. As for the Islamic Revolution itself, it appears in many respects to be a spent force, retaining about as much fervor as the Bolshevik Revolution by the 1970s or the Cuban Revolution today.

Notably in evidence, however, is the undisguised fervor of younger Iranians not to overthrow secular modernity but to embrace it. Arguably, they, not the ayatollahs, represent the future of politics in Iran. Removing sanctions and reintegrating Iran into the global economy will further empower this rising generation of Iranians, who are avidly pro-American. Ayatollahs refusing to accommodate their demands for change will do so at their peril.

So, at least, the Obama administration has persuaded itself – an expectation that more than any other factor explains why the administration believes it is possible for the US and Iran on a selective basis to inch toward making common cause. In that regard, the current de facto US-Iranian collaboration against Islamic State may serve as a precursor of sorts. If not friends, the two nations may in time overcome the reflexive compulsion to be at each other’s throats.

Should the government of Israel sign on to Obama’s bet? Should the Saudi royal family or Sunni Arabs more generally?

Their reluctance to do so is understandable. Should that bet fail, they could well find themselves in the line of fire, facing an empowered Iran with grudges to settle. Among the unwelcome scenarios that could plausibly unfold are these: a region-wide nuclear arms race, an escalation of anti-

Zionism among nations competing to demonstrate their fealty to Islam, or preemptive military action by an Israel that perceives itself to be facing an existential threat. None of these can be dismissed out of hand.

For Israel and other US allies in the Middle East, therefore, the appeal of a Pax Americana – US troops permanently on station to keep order and police the recalcitrant in the region – is self-evident. The problem is that Washington’s efforts at policing the Greater Middle East have definitively and irrevocably gone off the rails. The Pax Americana may have worked elsewhere on other occasions, but in this instance it’s surely not working for the US. Persisting in this ill-advised effort will undermine rather than enhance US security and will further erode America’s standing in the world.

Sooner or later, circumstances will oblige even die-hard devotees of American exceptionalism to come to terms with the very real limits of US power. Sooner or later, US allies in the Greater Middle East, including Israel, will do likewise, which may yet open the door to a process, however halting and incremental, of mutual accommodation between Jews and Muslims, Sunnis and Shiites, Arabs and Persians.

Or it may not. In that case, the opposing sides in these several disputes may choose once more to take up their cudgels against one another even as the US opts out. At the end of the day, sovereign states will exercise their sovereignty.

If Obama’s bet pays off – and it may well take a decade or more to determine the outcome – what will it yield? Even in the best case, with Iran choosing to become a responsible stakeholder while abjuring terrorism and perpetuating its pledge not to develop nuclear weapons, don’t expect an epidemic of peace and harmony to break out. The causes of dysfunction roiling the Greater Middle East are too numerous and varied to be settled by any one diplomatic breakthrough, however welcome.

Yet it may just be that concentrating the minds of the parties involved will enable them to do a better job of fixing their part of the world than the US has managed. If nothing else, at least the pointless depletion of American power and influence will have been abated. We, too, must exercise our sovereignty.",1
1240,Trump Smirks As Beltway GOP Crumbles,"With a strong win in South Carolina on Saturday night, Donald Trump has officially upended the 2016 Republican primaries.

SPARTANBURG, S.C. — When Donald Trump speaks, he has a habit of gripping the lectern with all but the middle finger of his left hand. The middle finger wriggles about, curling up and down with the rhythm of his words. On Saturday night, as he addressed the crowd after winning the primary here by a ten-point margin, it seemed to be wriggling at all of us.

“A couple of the pundits said, ‘Well, if a couple of the other candidates dropped out, if you add their scores together, it’s going to equal Trump,’” he said, doing his best impersonation of a Beltway Idiot. The crowd booed and Trump threw his hands out. “Right?” he said, “they’re geniuses. They don’t understand that, as people drop out, I’m gonna get a lot of those votes also! You don’t just add them together.”

In the eight months since he first sailed down the escalator in Trump Tower to announce his candidacy, Trump has watched as every single prediction about his campaign, made by so-called experts, has been proven wrong. Not that winning South Carolina means he’ll win it all—Newt Gingrich beat Mitt Romney here by thirteen points in 2012. As it stands now, Trump has 61 delegates. To win the nomination, he needs 1,237. But Trump wasn’t supposed to make it this far to begin with.

It was supposed to be a blip, and then it was supposed to collapse under the weight of its own arrogance, and then it was supposed to be destroyed by the knights in the establishment, and then the voters were supposed to get serious.

Well, they were serious here at the Marriott on North Church Street on Saturday, just like they had been at the Executive Court Banquet Facility in Manchester, New Hampshire ten days ago after he won there, but not in the way that anybody could’ve anticipated back in June.

His calls for a wall at the U.S.-Mexico border were mocked by the experts then as proof of his inherent silliness. And it is a stupid idea, one that couldn’t work even if he managed to get it done. But on Saturday, as he spoke about trade with Mexico, people in the audience began shouting, “Build a wall!” He turned to one man and said, “We’re gonna build a wall, don’t worry.” He turned back to the audience and asked them a question, “we’re gonna do the wall and, by the way, who’s gonna pay for the wall?” A chorus responded, “Mexico!”

The polls here had shown for months, much like in New Hampshire, that Trump had a sizable lead over the rest of the field. But to think that he could win anywhere was, in a lot of ways, to admit that everything we think we know about politics and what the people who participate in the process believe is bullshit.

“History will say that on this night in South Carolina, we took the first step forward to the beginning of a new American century,"" Rubio declared from his rally in Columbia, SC.

He did not explain what was historic about the evangelical in the race losing the evangelical vote in a state where —according to an exit poll—73 percent of Republican voters said they consider themselves born-again or evangelical Christians. Trump, whose cursing is part of his stump speech, is on his third wife, admitted on TV that he’d never asked God for forgiveness, and this week got into a fight with The Pope.

And then, not only did he win, but he won Beaufort, the state’s only majority-Catholic county. Ted Cruz, who beat Trump in Iowa thanks to the evangelical community and invested millions here to turn them out again, came in third place. Marco Rubio, a Catholic, finished a distant second. Jeb Bush, a converted Catholic, dropped out altogether.

Before Trump descended on stage, bathed in pink and purple lights fit for one of his pageants, his fans milled about on the red and gold carpet, picking at plates of cheese and fruit and drinking booze from one of two cash bars. The extent to which their outfits of sweat clothes or sequined mini-dresses or jeans and t-shirts were accessorized with TRUMP swag—scarves and pins and buttons and a silicone mask of his likeness, in one case—made the event feel like a convention.

His fans are predominantly white, usually older, working people or retired working people. Oftentimes they’re very religious, but that’s not what motivates them. They feel as if the country has left them behind, but they differ from the Tea Partiers of 2010 in that they are not political and they are uninterested in policy unless the policy amounts to a giant fuck-you to a deserving group, like China, or “special interests.” The phrase Make America Great Again, to them, is a legitimate campaign platform.",1
614,Long-Shot Candidates Look To Keep Hope Alive For 2016,"Long-Shot Candidates Look To Keep Hope Alive For 2016

Not for the headline-devouring, top-tier prospects like Hillary Clinton and Chris Christie, but rather for the long shots and lesser-knowns who are floating their names for 2016.

On Sunday, former Montana Democratic Gov. Brian Schweitzer reiterated his interest in a White House run.

""I'll just say that there's around 100 counties in Iowa, and on my bucket list is to try to and make it to all the counties in Iowa someday,"" Schweitzer said on MSNBC, in a flattering reference to the state that hosts the first presidential caucuses.

Two Vermont liberals have signaled a similar interest. One of them, Sen. Bernie Sanders, an independent and self-described socialist, recently said he's open to a presidential bid if no other progressive candidate steps up.

""Under normal times, it's fine, you have a moderate Democrat running, a moderate Republican running,"" Sanders told the Burlington Free Press. ""These are not normal times. The United States right now is in the middle of a severe crisis and you have to call it what it is.""

Former Vermont Democratic Gov. Howard Dean, who ran for president in 2004, told Buzzfeed last week that people have tried to persuade him to take another shot in 2016.

""We'll see. As I say, you never say never in politics,"" he said.

A few former Republican presidential candidates are also openly considering another run — or hoping to remain in the presidential spotlight.

Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum said last week that he will make a decision about launching a second bid for the presidency next year. He added that the GOP needs to nominate an ""authentic conservative"" in 2016 who can ""lay out a positive vision for America based on the principles that made our country great"" — presumably someone like him.

A month earlier, it was former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee who insisted he is still in the mix: The 2008 GOP presidential candidate told the Christian Broadcasting Network he is ""absolutely"" thinking about running for the White House again.

It's not just those with a presidential campaign under their belt who've sought to float themselves as prospective 2016 candidates.

After visiting the Iowa State Fair in August, former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown said he was ""curious"" about pursuing a presidential bid ""if there's room for a bipartisan problem solver"" in the race. He's also considering running for the U.S. Senate again in 2014, but in New Hampshire.

Then there's former GOP Florida Rep. Allen West, who like Brown lost his bid for re-election last year. The one-term ex-congressman said in October he is looking at running for several different offices down the road, including the presidency.

Even real estate mogul Donald Trump and Jesse Ventura, a former professional wrestler and governor of Minnesota, have raised the possibility of running for president next time around.

All of these candidates have one thing in common: They aren't frequently mentioned on lists of the top 2016 contenders.

Dante Scala, a political science professor at the University of New Hampshire, said many of these potential candidates are after one thing: free publicity.

""Politicians and public figures are taking advantage of the vacuum in presidential electoral politics right now,"" Scala said. ""When there's a name floated, and if they're at all prominent, it will get some coverage.""

As for those on opposing ends of the political spectrum, like Sanders and Santorum, declaring an interest in running for president can also be a way to influence the conversation within their respective parties.

""They want to make sure their agenda gets some publicity,"" Scala said. ""It is marketing to some degree.""",1
1567,"Debate night: The media want a Trump fight, with blood and bruises","The press is full of chatter about what the other candidates could, should, must do to derail the Trump juggernaut at tonight’s CNN debate.

Naturally, the big audience for the second presidential debate offers the other Republicans a prime opportunity to make a lasting impression in this Donald-dominated campaign. So I expect there will be no shortage of canned zingers.

But every candidate on that stage has to be wary of getting into an insult contest with a gut fighter who doesn’t play by the usual rules of political politeness.

It’s all well and good for candidates to talk about creating a “moment,” but that can’t seem artificial or staged, or the attacker will look phony and a tad desperate. Trump’s rivals have to deliver a positive message about themselves while drawing a sharp contrast with the real estate mogul, not just denounce him, as Bobby Jindal did, as a narcissist and egomaniac.

And consider this: If half of the other 10 candidates try to whack Trump, won’t that make him look larger? Won’t that reinforce the narrative that Trump has so shaken the Republican establishment that his opponents are feverishly trying to bring him down?

Trump’s task is far easier: He can uncork his usual lines about the “very, very stupid people” running the government, and jab back at those who challenge him (bad polls, low energy and so on). And—remember the Fox debate—if he gets a detailed question that he doesn’t like, he can take a swipe at the media and the “gotcha” game.

In terms of the media’s focus, it’s going to be Trump vs. Whoever—as long as Whoever is named Carly, Ben or Jeb. The truth is that journalists have lost interest in most of the other candidates, who are mired in single digits (as is Jeb, but he’s still got the money, the Bush name, and the fading aura of the person the pundits thought would be The Man to Beat). That could change, but right now they're eclipsed by Trump.

Carson told me in the interview we aired Sunday on ""Media Buzz"" that he would not be throwing punches in this campaign, and that he regretted questioning Trump’s faith and felt he needed to apologize. So even though yesterday’s CBS/New York Times poll has him at 23 percent, close behind Trump’s 27 percent, I don’t expect Carson to take him on. The question for the “okay doctor” (in Trump’s words) is how he handles it if The Donald starts denigrating him.

The media are really hoping for a dustup involving Fiorina, whose Super PAC made a clever ad aimed at women, boasting she has earned every wrinkle on her 61-year-old face, after Trump told a Rolling Stone reporter, “Look at that face.” Trump has taken to hitting her as a failed CEO dumped by Hewlett-Packard, but keep in mind that she took him on in the Fox happy-hour debate, even though he wasn’t there.

“Never before in American presidential politics has a candidate who has drawn accusations of sexism and bullying been forced to personally confront the female recipient of his insults on live television,” the New York Times declares. “And with Mrs. Fiorina bragging that she is getting under Mr. Trump’s skin, their showdown is emerging as one of the most intriguing subplots of the second debate.”

And here’s the Wall Street Journal: “After punching her way onto the big stage, Carly Fiorina 

 is poised to take on her party’s heavyweights in Wednesday’s Republican presidential primary debate, where she will come face-to-face with the candidate who found fault with her face.”

Still, Carly was very restrained in responding to Facegate, telling Megyn Kelly only that she must be getting under Trump’s skin. So don’t expect any pro wrestling.

What’s getting a lot of traction online is Mark Halperin’s Bloomberg analysis of why Trump has a commanding position:

“With Trump, the rules have changed. So far, he has proven to be largely immune from attack, and also a master killer himself, with a unique political arsenal. With a few months to go before voters vote, Trump has squashed the poll numbers and personas of a host of his rivals, without resorting to significant traditional opposition research, paid media, or surrogates. He simply uses Instagram, Twitter, and his virtually unlimited access to the news media to unsheathe his sharp tongue, cutthroat sensibility, and unerring perverse humor. And Trump can shift to kill mode without strain or hesitation.

“From the get-go of his entrance in June, Trump has engaged intuitively in kill-or-be-killed tactics.”

Deadly rhetoric aside, one of the reasons I warned from the beginning that Trump shouldn’t be underestimated is that I saw how his buzzsaw style was sharpened in New York’s tabloid culture. But you can’t just be a Don Rickles figure. Some voters are also drawn to his successful career in real estate and reality TV, and the wealth that enables Trump to thumb his nose at the donor class.

One thing to watch: If Trump uses the debate to raise his recent arguments about overpaid CEOs and taxing hedge-fund millionaires, you’ll know he’s decided to shrug off the not-really-a-conservative attacks and stay on his populist path.

Click for more from Media Buzz

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
767,Why would anyone want to be Trump or Clinton’s VP?,"If you’re masochistic enough to plow through the next three months of vice presidential speculation, you might want to pause and ask a more fundamental question: Why would anybody want that job under Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump? If either of them becomes president, we will probably see the most marginalized vice president in a generation.

That may seem like an odd notion because under the past three presidents, the once-scorned office has become a significant power center. It used to be almost mandatory to cite, in any article about the vice presidency, the centuries of contempt that vice presidents themselves have heaped on the office—starting with the very first, John Adams, who called it “the most insignificant office that ever the invention of man contrived.” (Then there was John Nance Garner: “Not worth a bucket of warm piss.” And Harry Truman: “About a useful as a cow’s fifth teat.”)

By contrast, Bill Clinton gave Al Gore genuine access—including weekly one-on-one lunches—and serious responsibilities in areas from trade to technology. The rap on Dick Cheney was not that he was impotent, but that he had too much power, especially when it came to questions of war and peace. Joe Biden has taken on the role he asked for, to be the president’s most senior adviser. In sum, the past quarter-century has made obsolete the stereotype embodied by Alexander Throttlebottom, the hapless veep in the 1931 musical “Of Thee I Sing,” who had to join a tour group in order to get into the White House.

But what makes the job so unappealing this time around is the unusual—indeed unique—aspects of the two major party contenders for the presidency. Neither Trump nor Clinton is likely to allow his or her vice president anywhere near the center of power.

Imagine yourself as Trump’s vice president. What are your chances of serving as a trusted, respected adviser on politics and policy? Look at the last president who had something like the mixture of massive self-regard and massive insecurity that defines Trump—Lyndon Baines Johnson. Having lived through the hell of being a scorned and shunned vice-president under John Kennedy—“I hated every minute of it,” he later said—he treated his own second, Hubert Humphrey, with equal contempt.

“You are his choice in a political marriage, and he expects your absolute loyalty,” Humphrey later said, but even that was not enough. In 1965, when Humphrey offered Johnson carefully modulated advice about the political costs of escalating the war in Vietnam, he was banished from the inner circle for a full year. And in 1968, Johnson made clear his contempt for his would-be successor (“Hubert squats when he pees,” he said).

Trump’s contempt for rivals, critics and even allies makes LBJ’s bullying look like something out of Mr. Rogers. The video of him curtly ordering endorser Chris Christie to “get on the plane and go home” ought to be fair warning that a vice president under Trump should not expect anything better. Moreover, the idea of loyally supporting a Trump agenda poses a special challenge: That agenda is likely to be amended or abandoned on a moment’s notice. A prospective running mate, asked to declare himself or herself on Trump’s abortion, tax, health care or foreign policy positions, might be tempted to answer: “Which ones?” As for as being “the last voice” offering guidance, Trump has already told us what voice that will be.

“I’m speaking to myself,” he told Mika Brzezinski of “Morning Joe” in March, “because I have a very good brain.” His vice president, Trump suggested last week, would be a messenger boy, serving as his “legislative liaison.”

These factors, added to Trump’s sharp diversions from the conservative canon, may help explain why so many otherwise likely candidates for the second spot have waved away any interest, the latest being Marco Rubio. (Trump’s response, of course, has been more contempt: “It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position,” he tweeted.)

The challenge is different for a prospective Clinton running mate—and one that no past veep has ever faced. Yes, past vice presidents have found themselves in a battle for the ear of POTUS with key White House aides and Cabinet members. But they’ve never had the challenge of competing with a presidential spouse who also happens to be a former two-term president. Indeed, in many ways, Bill Clinton would be a near-perfect choice to be Hillary Clinton’s running mate. His political skills are unmatched; he knows the dangers that confront any White House as no one else possibly can; he’s even got a track record of working with an opposition Congress—something that neither of his successors can match.

Yes, there’s a pesky issue of whether the 22nd Amendment bars a two-term president from running for veep, and one of the Clintons would have to move back to Arkansas to avoid risking the loss of New York’s electors (constitutionally, electors can vote for only one of the two national candidates from their own state). But the point is that Bill’s credentials—even as first spouse—make him a formidable power source that would confront any real-life vice president.

Bill Clinton may have lost a step or two, and his track record as a surrogate for Hillary Clinton is decidedly checkered, but if you found yourself as president faced with a daunting policy or political dilemma you’d be foolish not to turn to one of the shrewdest thinkers in modern memory. Clinton herself has acknowledged she lacks the skills of her mate, and however much—or little—she trusts Bill Clinton in some areas of their lives, her trust in his political and policy judgments has to be formidable. In the past, presidential spouses have had significant influence over the chief executive: Eleanor Roosevelt pushed a progressive agenda; Nancy Reagan got top aides fired; and Hillary Clinton drove Bill’s health care effort (albeit pretty much into the ditch). But a “first spouse” with eight years’ experience in the Oval Office? Bill would probably have a hand in everything.

What makes the likelihood of a weak vice president particularly unfortunate is that there are good arguments that a strong veep is exactly what both potential presidents would need. Trump, so unschooled in the ways of Washington, would be in desperate need of a “prime minister” to help him with the business of governing. A President Hillary Clinton would benefit from talking to someone who’s outside her tight ring of insiders (including her husband) and could give her regular reality checks.

None of this means the there’ll be a shortage of veep wannabees. A number of Republicans, especially those without (or soon to be without) an official public role, have already signaled their availability: Rick Perry, Chris Christie, Newt Gingrich, Sarah Palin. And it’s not hard to imagine that any number of Democrats would readily sign up, however challenging the job might be with Bill Clinton shuttling between East and West Wings.

Why? Because if you have any interest in being your party’s nominee for president, getting the veep nomination is a very good steppingstone. Richard Nixon, Hubert Humphrey, Bob Dole, Walter Mondale and Al Gore all followed that path.

There’s also a more compelling—if seldom recognized—reason, one that Lyndon Johnson himself explained to writer Claire Booth Luce on their way to JFK’s inaugural in 1961.

“I looked it up,” he said. “One out of every four presidents has died in office. I’m a gambling man, darling, and this is the only chance I got.”

But apart from that morbid possibility, it will be back to attending foreign funerals for either a Trump or a Clinton No. 2.",1
3795,Obama pushes controversial trade deal in Germany,"HANNOVER, Germany — President Obama on Sunday defended a controversial trade deal between the United States and the European Union that he wants to finalize before leaving office in January.

Speaking at a news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Obama said people around the world are unsettled by globalization but that trade has brought tremendous benefits and more jobs.

""When people visibly see a plant lost or jobs lost, the narrative drives a lot of suspicion about these trade deals,"" he said. ""If you look at the benefits for our economies, it is indisputable that they are made stronger.""

Obama said it was necessary to complete the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) agreement because 95% of markets are outside U.S. borders. He said he was confident that TTIP could be completed by the end of the year. A separate trade pact covering 12 Pacific rim countries known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership could ""start moving forward"" once the U.S. presidential election is over, he said.

Obama praised Merkel several times during the news conference before the two leaders then opened the Hannover Messe, the world's largest industrial technology trade fair.

""This is as important a relationship as I have had during my presidency. Angela has been consistent and steady,"" Obama said. ""She has a really good sense of humor that she doesn't always show in press conferences. That's probably why she has lasted so long as a leader. She watches what she says.""

He said Merkel was ""on the right side of history"" for her lenient policies to admit refugees, and she was ""courageous"" for her handling of Europe's migrant crisis because it was a position that has harmed her political approval ratings.

Obama arrived in Germany on Sunday from London, where me met with British Prime Minister David Cameron, had lunch and dinner with members of the royal family and interjected his opinion into the United Kingdom's contentious debate over whether that country should leave the EU.

Britain will hold a June 23 vote on the issue. The president angered anti-EU campaigners by saying the U.K.'s trade clout outside the 28-member bloc would be diminished.

TTIP's supporters say the trade pact would make it easier and cheaper for companies on both sides of the Atlantic to do business together, as well as provide a much needed boost to the global economy amid persistent, sluggish growth. There is fierce opposition to TTIP in Germany — Europe's largest economy and most important political voice — where it is believed the deal would erode consumer and environmental protections.

About 35,000 people marched in Hannover on Saturday against the proposed deal that would cover more than 800 million people.

Merkel said in the news conference that adopting TTIP was an important step that would allow European economies to grow. ""We need to speed matters up now,"" she said.

While in London, Obama said TTIP would bring millions of jobs and billions of dollars in benefits to both regions.  About 300 U.S. companies are attending the trade show in Hannover.

Obama acknowledged that negotiating trade deals was ""tough” because countries want to fight for their domestic interests. “The main thing between the United States and Europe is trying to just break down some of the regulatory differences that make it difficult to do business back and forth,” the president said.

A recent survey published by the Bertelsmann foundation, a Germany-based research group, found only one in five Germans favors the proposed trade pact, and one in three would reject it completely. In the U.S., only 18% of respondents oppose TTIP, the report found.

""Support for trade agreements is fading in a country that views itself as the global export champion,"" said Aart De Geus, the foundation's chairman and chief executive. ""Trade is a key driver of the German economy. If it weakens, Germany's economic power as well as its labor market could falter.""

Obama and Merkel said they discussed a number of other issues in their meeting Sunday, including the ongoing conflicts in Afghanistan, Libya and Syria.

Obama said American and German thinking was aligned regarding Syria, but they differ over the idea of carving out ""safe zones"" in Syria for the thousands of people fleeing violence.

“As a practical matter, sadly, it is very difficult to see how it would operate short of us essentially being willing to militarily take over a chunk of that country,” Obama said.",1
3197,How Paul Ryan unified a fractured GOP,"Washington (CNN) Rep. Paul Ryan 's winning pitch to House conservatives amounted to this: Let's start over.

For years, tensions had been boiling between the hard right of the Republican Party and the House leadership, a battle that effectively pushed Speaker John Boehner out of office and ended the bid of Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy to succeed him.

But Ryan, facing skepticism from hardliners in the House Freedom Caucus, spoke bluntly to the conservatives, telling them that he was more ideologically in line with them than with moderates in the so-called Tuesday Group. He said he was not the type of leader who is out to seek retribution, unlike past leaders.

The 45-year-old Wisconsin congressman said he would only push important bills such as immigration that have a majority of support from Republicans -- abiding by the ""Hastert Rule."" He promised bold policy ideas on the House floor like welfare reform, health care legislation and a tax overhaul -- and that the chamber would stand firm on those policy proposals with Senate Republicans and the White House. He softened his demand to roll back a procedure allowing lawmakers to overthrow a sitting speaker.

And perhaps the most disarming pitch: He said he was ready to walk away if they said 'no' to him.

What he achieved was a truce between disgruntled conservatives and a GOP leadership desperate to get the House back on track. It's a ceasefire in a long-running intra-party war that has cost the Republicans Senate seats, bottled up legislation in Congress and weakened their hand against President Barack Obama.

With his national profile and bona fides with the right, Ryan was perhaps the only Republican who could make that pitch, showcasing strength that will immediately be put to the test when he's expected to be elected speaker next week.

Rep. Jim Jordan of Ohio, the chairman of the Freedom Caucus, said a Ryan pitch that won him over was: ""Go early and be firm"" -- the idea that the House would stand on its principles in fights with the other body.

""Find a policy, take a position as a conference and make the Senate do something to stand firm,"" Jordan said, paraphrasing Ryan.

After the conservative caucus announced it would support him -- but not endorse him -- Ryan later won over the two other coalitions in the House: The Tuesday Group and the Republican Study Committee, another conservative faction. By Thursday evening, Ryan made it official: He was running for speaker, telling his colleagues in a letter he was ""eager"" to do the job.

""I never thought I'd be speaker,"" Ryan said in a statement. ""But I pledged to you that if I could be a unifying figure, then I would serve -- I would go all in. After talking with so many of you, and hearing your words of encouragement, I believe we are ready to move forward as one, united team. And I am ready and eager to be our speaker.""

It's a dramatic political twist for Ryan, the GOP's vice presidential nominee in 2012 and someone who thoroughly enjoys his policy-heavy role as the chairman of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee.

In the immediate aftermath of McCarthy's sudden decision earlier this month to drop out of the speaker race, Ryan appeared to be doing everything he could not to run. Moments after McCarthy dropped out during a meeting in the ornate Ways and Means Committee Room earlier this month, Ryan grabbed Rep. John Kline of Minnesota and told him to take the top job instead.

""He spun around and almost choked me and said, 'Kline you gotta do this,'"" Kline recalled Thursday. ""I knew then, and I think Paul knew then, he really had to be the guy.""

Ryan knew his life would change moments before McCarthy made his bombshell announcement. He was slated to give the nominating speech to McCarthy in the conference, but instead got a heads-up that those remarks wouldn't be necessary. The majority leader instead urged Ryan to consider a bid.

McCarthy knew Ryan was reluctant, but he immediately began to figure out what he could do to help, according to people familiar with the matter.

There was discussion about divvying up responsibilities, but also about redefining the role of the speaker. Ryan envisioned being a more prominent face for the party -- someone willing to deliver the message in the media, and spreading out some of the fundraising and operational duties to other members of the leadership team.

McCarthy served as a counselor to Ryan throughout the process. He had a partial playbook already in hand since he had previously met with House GOP members, especially the conservatives in the Freedom Caucus, and had a good read on their concerns about shifting to a more ""bottom-up"" process.

And since Ryan didn't want the job, many conservatives in the caucus seemed to believe him that he wouldn't try to make the speakership more powerful. Conservatives had long complained too much power resided in the leadership office, and it would be a non-starter for a candidate who wanted to centralize more power. It remains, of course, to be seen how Ryan operates over the long-term.

""My question is who in their right mind would ever want that job?"" said Rep. Barry Loudermilk, R-Georgia, a member of the Freedom Caucus. ""We can't survive another eight years like the ones we just had. We won't recover from that. He's willing to put his own self on the line.""

After the Freedom Caucus voted Wednesday to support Ryan, but not officially endorse him -- which was one of his preconditions for taking the job -- there was little option for Ryan to walk away. While they left themselves some room to say they still had issues with Ryan's conditions, they were also aware in their internal discussions that if they blocked yet another candidate - and one who had majority support - they would be overplaying their hand.

Asked why he was confident Ryan would be elected speaker next week, McCarthy told reporters flatly, ""when I ran, 80% of the Freedom Caucus was against me. Now they're not.""

Changing the rules to vacate the chair?

Ryan's problems, however, are bound to grow with the right as soon as he takes the gavel -- namely on two matters: Fiscal issues and his desire to make it harder to overthrow a sitting speaker.

On the latter, there's no agreement between him and the Freedom Caucus. But he clarified his demand by saying he only wants to ""change"" the rule -- not eliminate it. And he agreed to consider the matter later as part of other rules changes the caucus has sought to enact in order to give the rank-and-file a bigger say.

""We are not changing this fundamental right that members have relative to the 'motion to vacate,'"" Jordan told CNN. ""We're not for that. We made that very clear.""

Ryan was not pressed on many policy matters, but will have to weigh in on the contentious issue of raising the national debt ceiling as early as next week -- and extending government funding past Dec. 11. But he promised that immigration reform, an idea he has been warm to in the past, would not be a measure he would pursue in a Ryan speakership.

As he continued to dither about taking the speakership, Republicans began looking for alternatives -- and a growing number looked at Kline, a back-slapping pol who likes to smoke cigars.

""I'd be able to drink and smoke in the speaker's office for another year,"" Cole said, referring to Boehner's penchant for puffing cigarettes.

After next Thursday, he will likely have to ask Paul Ryan.",1
1555,Bush v. Trump: Behind the Vegas rumble,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
4367,Scary Times For California Farmers As Snowpack Hits Record Lows,"The water outlook in drought-racked California just got a lot worse: Snowpack levels across the entire Sierra Nevada are now the lowest in recorded history — just 6 percent of the long-term average. That shatters the previous low record on this date of 25 percent, set in 1977 and again last year.

And it has huge implications for tens of millions of people who depend on water flowing downstream from melting snow — including the nation's most productive farming region, the California Central Valley.

Last year was already a tough year at La Jolla Farming in Delano, Calif. Or as farm manager Jerry Schlitz puts it, ""Last year was damn near a disaster.""

La Jolla is a vineyard, a thousand-or-so acres of neat lines of grapevines in the southern end of the San Joaquin Valley. It depends on water from two sources: the federal Central Valley Project and wells.

Until last year, Schlitz says, wells were used to supplement the federal water.

""Now, we have nothing but wells. Nothing. There's no water other than what's coming out of the ground,"" he says.

Last year, one of those wells at La Jolla dried up. The farm lost 160 acres — about a million dollars' worth of produce, plus the wasted labor and other resources.

This year, the outlook is no better: The Central Valley Project, which decides where and when to release what water is left in California's reservoirs, has already warned that most farmers downstream won't get any water for the second straight year.

As KQED reports, ""More than 400,000 acres of farmland were fallowed last year because of scarce water. Credible sources have estimated that figure could double this year.""

La Jolla is plowing miles of trench in the dry earth to bury water pipes connecting wells to fields and fields to wells. The farm owners want to make sure that they can move water from working wells to the places that need it.

""We're getting prepared in case we lose one, we lost two. We lose three? Watch out, man, I'm going to unemployment,"" says Juvenal Montemayor, the owner and founder of La Jolla. He says this is the best they can do.

Now, drilling a new well isn't a short-term option. ""You try to get a well done right now? No way. It's like a two-year waiting time for wells,"" he says.

Then there's the cost: a half-million dollars for a single well, he says. ""Now ask me if I want to make a well. No, I don't want to make a well. I don't have a choice,"" he says. ""I don't have a choice.""

That's the tough situation La Jolla and many other farmers in the Central Valley face: They won't be getting any federal water.

Groundwater reserves are getting lower and lower as farmers and towns drill deeper and deeper, sucking out more water than there is coming in.

It's gotten so bad in the San Joaquin Valley that the ground is actually sinking. Last summer it sank a half-inch each month.

Back among the grapevines at La Jolla, Schlitz points to the mountains on the horizon, their tops barely sprinkled with snow.

The snow supplies roughly a third of all of California's water, on average. The Sierra Nevada snowpack is supposed to be a storage bank. It holds the snow late into the spring that then melts gradually. The runoff feeds reservoirs that supply water for millions of people — and the Central Valley. This year, California's chief snow surveyor says, there may not even be runoff.

""That's our lifeblood up there,"" Schlitz says. ""Whatever comes out of there, you know, that's our lifeblood.""",1
1495,Nikki Haley should have run for president,"Just when it seemed she might be overwhelmed by the moment, though, she hit her stride and began looking every bit the part of someone ready for the political prime time. Referencing the Charleston shooting changed the trajectory of her performance Tuesday night the way her leadership in the aftermath of the massacre changed her political fortunes, catapulting her to the top of the list of potential Republican vice presidential nominees.

During Tuesday night's speech, she smoothly transitioned from delivering GOP red meat, slamming Obama, to pushing back against Donald Trump and grabbing the hope and change baton from the President.

""What happened after the tragedy is worth pausing to think about,"" she said. ""Our state was struck with shock, pain and fear. But our people would not allow hate to win. We didn't have violence; we had vigils. We didn't have riots; we had hugs. We didn't turn against each other's race or religion. We turned toward God, and to the values that have long made our country the freest and greatest in the world.""

Before the Charleston shooting, Haley still wasn't fully embraced by her own party in the state; she clashed with leaders of the General Assembly leaders, which is run by Republicans. And she still makes the skin of many Democrats crawl because of her support for tough immigration and voter ID laws, as well as her refusal to accept billions of dollars of federal dollars through the Affordable Care Act.

But she helped guide South Carolina through an event that harkened back to its worst era while making the seemingly impossible happen, removing the Confederate flag from the state house lawn. For those who don't understand, pulling off that feat was just as miraculous as successfully separating conjoined twins. The irony is that her rise came fast enough to elevate her onto the national stage, but maybe a little too late. Her enormous value could end up being wasted this year on a vice presidential nomination -- because she's much better suited to be on top of the ticket. Haley, not Bobby Jindal, is the closest thing to a Republican version of Obama. She's a young (she'll be 44 years old in a week), attractive groundbreaking candidate, too. She's a reflection of emerging demographics, too; she called herself ""the proud daughter of Indian immigrants."" She's a Sarah Palin who can give a great speech and answer in one-on-one interviews which newspapers she reads and which Supreme Court cases she detests. She's a Carly Fiorina who doesn't have to explain away her performance as a chief executive. Under her watch, even though the state's economy leaves too many people behind, a record number of South Carolinians are working and portions of the manufacturing industry are seeing a resurgence. She's a Marco Rubio without the Washington baggage. Her refusal to expand Medicaid may be bad for poor residents but puts her a step ahead of Republicans in Congress who couldn't get Obamacare repealed after promising for years to do so. She knows how to hit her opponents as hard as Ted Cruz but doesn't remind voters of Joe McCarthy. Obama has made historic appointments to the Supreme Court and in the attorney general's office. Haley appointed Tim Scott to the U.S. Senate, paving the way for him to become the first black man from the Deep South since the Reconstruction era to be voted into that body. Obama helped steer the country out of the Great Recession and away from a second Great Depression and into the longest unbroken streak of monthly job creation in the nation's history. And he's guided the nation through seemingly countless natural and man-made disasters. One hundred and fifty years after the end of a Civil War many South Carolinians continue fighting any way, Haley helped lead the state peacefully through the aftermath of a young white supremacist's killing of nine black people in one of the nation's most historic churches. Her response to devastating, never-before-seen floods months later reeked of competence in a state whose congressional delegation once protested pork spending by voting against Hurricane Sandy relief. For all those reasons, and more, the GOP tapped her to respond to Obama. The irony is that if the party is looking for a candidate who will bring something in the second spot to the ticket that can move the needle, Haley likely isn't it. Despite her enormous political talent, she's from one of the redder states in the union, meaning Haley's presence would do nothing to improve the party's electoral prospects. And because she's a member of a party that most minorities -- blacks, Latinos, Asian Americans -- view as hostile, her personal appeal won't matter. She may be able to move the needle among those groups a little more than, say, Dr. Ben Carson, but not much at all. That's why she's in the odd position of being the ideal vice presidential candidate who should have run for president. If the tragedies during which her leadership abilities shined most had happened in 2014 and not 2015, maybe she would have. Republicans will be tempted to call on her to bring a new image and energy to the party's 2016 presidential push. Had they the foresight, they would have pushed her to reach for higher office. Obama was the Democrats' answer to the 21st century and refused to be told to wait his turn. Haley could have played that role for the GOP. Only time will tell if she missed her window.",1
107,Charleston exposes ugliest truth of our time: Our society places little value on black life,"In the days after King’s assassination, Americans considered many of the same questions that we are asking today: Was this the work of one lunatic, or of a larger racial ideology? How should lawmakers respond? Would the violent tragedy lead to gun control legislation? White Southerners even debated whether to lower the flag in King’s honor. In the end, many ministers and leaders cautioned that King would have died in vain if the country did not act boldly to root out racial injustice. The fact that we are having similar conversations, almost 50 years later, seems a mark of our collective failure.

As word of King’s assassination traveled around the country on the night of April 4, 1968, two of America’s leading journalists sat down at their typewriters: Mike Royko in Chicago and Ralph McGill in Atlanta. They reached the same conclusion – that an entire society had murdered King, regardless of which individual pulled the trigger.

At that point, the assassin remained at large and his identity was unknown. There were no social media profiles to parse, no manifestoes to read. That kind of information was unnecessary. Both McGill and Royko knew that a sick and racist nation was to blame.

In the spring of 1968, King was far from a sanitized national hero. Many white Americans detested his activism and begrudged his fame. In 1967, King had delivered a forceful speech opposing the Vietnam War. Other civil rights leaders turned against him, and he faced a round of criticism in the nation’s newspapers and magazines. His relationship with President Lyndon Johnson, already frayed, fractured completely. King then announced plans for the Poor People’s Campaign, in which droves of the nation’s poor would set up tent encampments on the Washington Mall in a show of nonviolent civil disobedience. King was attacking capitalism and imperialism, and calling for a “revolution of values.”

In early 1968, he traveled to Memphis, where 1,300 black sanitation workers were waging a strike. King led a protest march through downtown Memphis on March 28. Some demonstrators behind him resorted to violence; as chaos took hold, King was whisked away from the scene. The national press intensified its criticism of King. On Capitol Hill, elected officials denounced him as a lawless radical. He had become the target of deepening hatred.

To Mike Royko, a popular columnist for the Chicago Daily News, it was this scorn and revulsion that ultimately killed King. Royko published a column on April 5 titled “Millions in His Firing Squad.” Royko expressed confidence that the authorities would soon arrest the assassin.

But “they can’t catch everybody,” Royko wrote, “and Martin Luther King was executed by a firing squad that numbered in the millions.” From many corners of the nation, white Americans fed  “words of hate into the ear of the assassin.” The killer was simply following orders. “The man with the gun did what he was told. Millions of bigots, subtle and obvious, put it in his hand and assured him he was doing the right thing.”

Royko blamed white Northerners: the anti-busing leaders, the law-and-order demagogues, all of those Chicago residents who stood against King’s open-housing programs and pelted him with rocks in Marquette Park. He also indicted the FBI for its propaganda campaign against King, and proceeded to condemn every white American who nodded at racist jokes.

“It was almost ludicrous,” Royko wrote of the hostility directed at King. “The man came on the American scene preaching nonviolence … He preached it in the North and was hit with rocks. He talked it the day he was murdered.” But Americans refused to hear his calls for peace and freedom. “Hypocrites all over this country would kneel every Sunday morning and mouth messages to Jesus Christ. Then they would come out and tell each other, after reading the papers, that somebody should string up King, who was living Christianity like few Americans ever have.” In a legendary career, this was one of Royko’s finest moments – and one of his angriest.

Ralph McGill targeted the Southern bigots. McGill, the publisher of the Atlanta Constitution and a leading Southern liberal, chose a title for his editorial that was sure to aggravate the haters: “A Free Man Killed by White Slaves.” He wrote, “White slaves killed Martin Luther King in Memphis. At the moment the triggerman fired, Martin Luther King was the free man. The white killer, (or killers), was a slave to fear.”

In McGill’s formulation, millions of white Americans stood captive to racial fear. McGill located many such “slaves” in Memphis, which was “bound by such terrible chains” of enmity. Hatred at the sanitation workers, and at King himself, had swirled around the Delta city. McGill beseeched white Americans to strike at racial prejudice and injustice. “The white South – the white population in all the country – must now give answer.”

To two of the nation’s most perceptive observers, the important issue was not the assassin’s mental state. The crucial fact was that a climate existed in the country that sanctioned racial hatred.

Of course, others rejected this logic. The Chicago Tribune bristled at Mike Royko’s indictment. “The murder of Dr. King was a crime and the sin of an individual,” the Tribune’s editors asserted on April 9 – the morning of King’s funeral. The “rest of us” were “not contributory to this particular crime.” The Memphis Commercial Appeal also dismissed the notion of collective guilt. “It was the work of an individual, a warped, mixed-up, emotional mind,” the Commercial Appeal editorialized on April 6. In reality, the Commercial Appeal itself had helped to whip white Memphis into a feverish state. The newspaper had criticized the sanitation strike for the better part of two months, and deplored King’s decision to assist the strikers. The newspaper’s “Hambone” cartoon – which had appeared six days a week since the 1910s – continued to trade in crass racial stereotypes. In 1968, the Commercial Appeal focused on one person’s “warped, mixed-up, emotional mind” instead of the racism and racial inequality that so shaped the city and the nation.

Then as now, it was easier to blame a deranged individual than to craft a response that might address racial inequality or gun violence. Hours before King’s death, the Senate Judiciary Committee finally voted on a gun-control bill that had been pending before it for three years. The bill was initially proposed by Sen. Thomas Dodd of Connecticut, and supported by Lyndon Johnson. James Eastland, the longtime segregationist from Mississippi, chaired the Senate Judiciary Committee. The committee defeated a proposal to ban interstate gun sales. The committee then considered a proposal to combine gun control legislation with a safe streets bill. It failed to approve this measure, then adjourned for the evening. An hour later, James Earl Ray aimed his rifle at the balcony of the Lorraine Motel and murdered Martin Luther King Jr.

On Saturday, April 6, the committee met again. This time, it voted 9-to-7 to attach the gun control regulations to the safe streets bill. But to achieve even this tiny advance, the supporters of gun control agreed to exempt rifles and shotguns. That same day, members of the National Rifle Association descended upon Boston’s Sheraton Hotel for the organization’s annual meeting. They would rally against the pending legislation. The Senate began to debate the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act. This law would prohibit felons from buying guns, ban all mail-order gun sales, and impose restrictions on certain out-of-state transactions. The Senate passed the bill on May 24. The House did not act until after the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy. One day after Kennedy’s death, on June 6, 1968, the House approved the bill. Months later, Congress passed a more expansive law called the Gun Control Act of 1968. It established a licensing system for gun purchases, mandated serial numbers on weapons, and expanded many of the previous bill’s measures. This was the apogee in the history of American gun control legislation. It was eventually undone in 1986, by the Firearm Owners’ Protection Act. Palm Sunday fell on April 7, 1968, three days after King’s assassination. Millions of Americans gathered in churches to mourn the slain leader. Tributes to King rang out in black houses of worship, among white congregations, and at public gatherings that drew interracial crowds. The nation pressed together to grieve for the prophet of nonviolence. Many religious leaders offered the same message: that for King’s death to have a lasting impact, the nation needed to commit itself to racial justice in deed as well as in word. At New York City’s Church of the Holy Family, Monsignor Timothy Flynn declared that King’s death “will be redemptive if it stirs the white community to an adequate healing social action.” Rabbi Mark Tannenbaum of the American Jewish Committee agreed. “It will be a great desecration of his holy name if the Congress of the United States and the citizens of this nation do not respond … by providing the elementary decencies for which he sacrificed his life: jobs, housing, education, health.” The Urban League’s Whitney Young, a civil rights leader known for moderation, declared: “We must have concrete, tangible action that will remove the inequities in our society.” If the nation could see its way toward such substantive action, if it could begin to remove those inequities, then King “may have achieved in death something he was never quite able to do in actual life.” American leaders never did remove such racial inequalities. Instead, the “white backlash” intensified as the “silent majority” lifted Richard Nixon to the presidency. The Fair Housing Act of 1968 was in effect the last civil rights bill. And the safe streets bill, its robust gun control regulations notwithstanding, would give rise to the era of mass incarceration. In the days after King’s death, Southern leaders debated whether to lower the American flag – and Southern state flags – in King’s honor. A dramatic standoff occurred at the Georgia Statehouse in Atlanta, King’s native city. Ben Fortson, Georgia’s secretary of state, had lowered both the American and state flags to half-staff immediately after King’s assassination. Georgia’s flag was essentially the Confederate flag, alongside a small image of the state seal. (Georgia had added the stars-and-bars to its flag in 1956.) The governor at the time was Lester Maddox, a segregationist icon. On April 8, 1968, Maddox called Fortson to register his objections about the lowering of the flags. King’s funeral service would begin the next morning; thousands of mourners had flocked to the city. On April 9, Maddox surrounded the Statehouse with 160 state troopers in riot gear as well as 20 armed wildlife rangers. Maddox then marched over to the flagpole and began to raise both of the flags. He suddenly realized that television cameras from CBS, NBC and ABC were tracking his every move. Maddox ultimately left the flags where they were and retreated into his office. He later explained, “I didn’t think we oughta use our flag to honor an enemy of our country.” The symbolism was hard to miss: the Confederate flag remained at half-staff, in King’s honor. In 2001, Georgia adopted a new state flag – the result of Gov. Roy Barnes’ efforts. After 14 more years, and the slaughter of nine African-Americans, South Carolina may finally retire that symbol of racial hatred. Still, our nation is dotted with many more shrines to the Confederacy. Hundreds of towns have monuments to slaveholders; some public schools are named after Confederate leaders. Perhaps those symbols will be the next to fall. Maybe this awful moment can nudge us toward necessary reforms. We comfort ourselves with the notion that the gunman was insane, when it is obvious that he was acting out – in extreme form – the ugliest truth of our time: that our society places little value on black life. If Ralph McGill and Mike Royko were still with us, they would not busy themselves with the assassin’s Internet posts. They would not look at him; they would look at us. They would scrutinize our society, at what we have built and what we have condoned. In this painful hour, we might realize that we don’t have to keep living this way. We can harness the sadness, the outrage and the feeling of unity, and use that energy to force our leaders into action – urging them to pursue policies that will make it harder for people to kill one another, and to honor the dead by creating a more peaceful and just society for the living.",1
262,The obsession of the House Freedom Caucus,Top Dems want White House to call off Part B demo — The next cancer drug shortage,1
4384,Marco Rubio: Being Gay Is Not A Choice,"Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) said on Sunday that he didn't think being gay was a choice but rather the way some people were born.

During an appearance on CBS' ""Face The Nation,"" Rubio, who launched his 2016 presidential campaign last week, said that he believes the definition of marriage is a union between a man and a woman. The Florida senator also added said that same-sex marriage was not a constitutional right and should be decided by state legislatures, not the courts.

Despite his position, Rubio added that he didn't think being gay was a choice.

""I also don't believe that your sexual preferences are a choice for the vast and enormous majority of people,"" he said. ""In fact, the bottom line is I believe sexual preference is something that people are born with.""

Last week, Rubio also said that he would attend a gay wedding of a loved one, even if he disagreed with the ""choice"" that loved one had made.

“I’m not going to hurt them simply because I disagree with a choice they’ve made or because I disagree with a decision they’ve made, or whatever it may be,” Rubio said. “Ultimately, if someone that you care for and is part of your family has decided to move in one direction or another or feels that way because of who they love, you respect that because you love them.”

In the past, Rubio has distinguished between opposing same-sex marriage and being anti-gay.

""Supporting the definition of marriage as one man and one woman is not anti-gay. It is pro-traditional marriage,"" Rubio said last year.

",1
2243,The Pope is wrong on religious speech (Opinion),"Heidi Schlumpf is a columnist for the National Catholic Reporter and teaches communication at Aurora University. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.

(CNN) The popular Pope Francis is taking some hits himself after some lighthearted comments that included a pretend punch to a colleague. The comments came while trying to make the point that free speech should have some limits, including on the right to insult another's faith.

Speaking Thursday to reporters on the plane ride to the Philippines, the Pope gestured with a fake punch to demonstrate what he would do if someone were to say ""a swear word against my mother.""

Still, the Vatican felt the need to clarify, in response to a later CNN question about the punch, that his words were ""spoken colloquially"" and consistent with the Pope's ""free style of speech.""

I don't for one minute think the Pope is advocating for any type of violence, whether religiously motivated murder or sparring among friends who dis each other's mamas.

What concerns me is his apparent belief that religion should have special protection when it comes to free speech.

The Pope, responding to a general question about the interplay between religious liberty and free expression, was clearly referencing the massacre of journalists at Charlie Hebdo magazine by Islamist militants in Paris last week.

Although he did not say the slain cartoonists brought the attack upon themselves because of their satirical criticism of Islam, it's not a huge logical leap to that conclusion and raises the likelihood of such a misinterpretation.

Let's just say it's not what most public relations professionals would advise.

And while the Pope has been known to talk more informally with reporters on the papal plane (his ""Who am I to judge?"" comment about gay Catholics came on the return flight from Brazil in 2013), he's still on the record and obviously aware that his words will be reported and analyzed.

The Pope is not the only prominent Catholic raising the issue.

While no one can match the offensive tone of Donahue, who actually said Charlie Hebdo's Stephane Charbonnier ""didn't understand the role he played in his own death,"" the gist of the Pope's message was the same: Criticism of religion is problematic.

As an aside, I'll be curious to see if those who slammed Donahue have the same harsh words for the Pope.

Perhaps both of them should take a lesson from the response of another Christian, Jim Wallis, president of Sojourners, a progressive, evangelical community and publication. He had a different suggestion for how people of faith should respond to the Paris attacks:

I think most American Catholics agree that while blasphemy -- offensive speech against God or religion -- is not particularly nice, it does not follow that it can or should be regulated or outlawed. In the United States, the Supreme Court outlawed blasphemy laws in 1952.

I'm hoping the Pope was only offering counsel to his followers, rather than advocating for any sort of legal position. No one has the right not to be offended. Even the Pope.",1
52,What Big Democratic Donors Will Get in Philadelphia,The Democratic National Committee is offering all sorts of perks at next year’s presidential nominating convention in Philadelphia in return for whopping contributions.,1
4997,Trump tries to reset with economic speech — but faces new resistance in GOP,"Seeking to put the most difficult stretch of his campaign behind him, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump used a major economic speech Monday to reach out to two voting blocs that remain critical to his faltering chances of winning in November: traditional fiscal conservatives and disaffected blue-collar workers.

But Trump faced a new round of resistance from within his party that threatened to stall his effort to move beyond the uproar he caused last week. In an opinion column published by The Washington Post late Monday, Sen. Susan Collins (Maine) became the latest sitting Republican senator to declare that she will not support Trump. In addition, dozens of national security officials who served in GOP administrations signed a letter saying that he is “not qualified” to be president.

Reading from a teleprompter at the Detroit Economic Club and pausing calmly when protesters interrupted him, Trump assailed Democratic rival Hillary Clinton and cast himself as the only change candidate on economic issues. He did so in part with tax-cutting, regulation-curbing plans that are squarely mainstream in his party and in part with his now-familiar attacks on the forces of globalization that have unnerved many workers. He took swipes at free-trade deals championed by GOP leaders and attacked immigrants and refugees.

The Republican nominee shared few new policy details and continued to offer no specifics for how he would pay for tax cuts or spending increases large enough to balloon the federal budget deficit. He promised more clarity in coming weeks.

Trump proposed a new set of individual income tax rates higher than he previously suggested, but he also promised to bring rates lower than they were even during the George W. Bush administration. He was vague in other areas, including a promise for major federal infrastructure spending and another, the only new policy proposal in the speech, that would allow working families to deduct child care-costs from their federal income taxes.

Throughout his address, Trump took sharp aim at Clinton. He held up Detroit, which has been devastated by manufacturing job losses, as “the living, breathing example” of her “failed economic agenda.”

“I want to jump-start America. It can be done. And it won’t even be that hard,” he said.

At a rally in St. Petersburg, Fla., Clinton assailed Trump’s plan as an outdated replica of previous Republican pitches, saying it would “give super-big tax breaks to large corporations and the really wealthy” and “basically just repackage trickle-down economics.”

She added: “You know that old saying, ‘Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.’ ”

“Just imagine Donald Trump in the Oval Office, facing a real crisis,” she said. “What happens when somebody gets under his skin? I don’t know if the United States can afford that kind of risk.”

On income taxes, the business mogul said he would work with House Republicans to implement the three brackets they have proposed: 12 percent, 25 percent and 33 percent. The move puts Trump in line with Speaker Paul D. Ryan (Wis.), with whom Trump has had a tense alliance.

Previously, Trump proposed tax brackets of 0 percent, 10 percent, 20 percent and 25 percent. He continued to call for a 15 percent corporate income tax rate for all businesses, which is lower than Ryan’s proposed 20 percent corporate rate.

Trump also promised to end some “special interest” tax breaks but named only one, the “carried interest” provision that many investment fund managers use to reduce their tax liability. Experts cautioned, though, that Trump’s plan would still deliver a windfall to such investors, because it would reduce income and corporate rates.

Lacking more details from the campaign, it is difficult to say how much Trump’s revisions to his tax rates would alter the cost of his economic plan, which analysts had previously estimated could reduce federal revenue by $10 trillion over the next decade. Equally difficult to measure are the benefits the plan would deliver to taxpayers across income levels.

“It seems very likely that this version of the plan will lose less revenue than the last version” because it will contain relatively smaller tax cuts for individuals, Scott Greenberg, an analyst at the nonpartisan Tax Foundation, said in an interview. A key question, he added, is the level at which various marginal tax rates begin to take effect: “A tax plan where the 33 percent [rate] kicks in at $250,000 and one where it kicks in at $750,000 are two very different tax plans.”

Trump’s economic focus followed a week in which he stoked tensions with party leaders by initially declining to endorse Ryan and Sen. John McCain (Ariz.) in their primaries this month. Trump also drew widespread ire for criticizing the Muslim parents of a U.S. Army captain who was killed in Iraq, and he fell dramatically behind Clinton in public polls.

The measured, pre-written remarks in Detroit on Monday were intended to steady a listing campaign, and conservatives received the calls for tax and regulation cuts positively. But most reaction to the speech, even among conservatives, was mixed. In the end, Monday served as a reminder that many Republicans remain highly skeptical of Trump.

Lanhee Chen, who was the policy director for GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney in 2012, called the speech a “mixed bag.” He praised the details on taxes as a nod to more orthodox Republican views, but he said Trump’s main challenge now is to prove to voters that he is as serious about policy-making as he is about picking fights with critics.

“One speech is not going to change a narrative,” Chen said.

Also Monday, a group of 50 former national security officials who served under Republican presidents signed a letter warning that Trump “would be the most reckless President in American history.”

The letter was signed by Michael Chertoff and Tom Ridge, former secretaries of homeland security; Michael V. Hayden, a former director of the CIA and the National Security Agency; and John D. Negroponte, a former director of national intelligence and deputy secretary of state, among others.

[Former GOP national security officials: Trump would be ‘most reckless’ American president in history]

Separately, Wadi Gaitan, the chief spokesman for the Florida Republican Party, announced that, as a result of differences with Trump, he is leaving his job to join a conservative organization.

“I’m thankful for my almost two years with the Florida GOP, however, moving on gives me a great, new opportunity to continue promoting free market solutions while avoiding efforts that support Donald Trump,” Gaitan, who is Hispanic, said in a statement.

In Detroit, protesters sidetracked Trump’s speech repeatedly. Unlike in large rallies where Trump often calls for demonstrators to be removed, riling up the crowd, he waited patiently as they were escorted out Monday. At one point he remarked calmly, “This is all very well-planned out.”

His speech outlined a plan designed to accelerate economic growth, largely in classic conservative fashion: by reducing taxes and regulations on businesses and by opening vast new swaths of federal land and water to drilling. He said that as president, he would sign an executive order creating a temporary regulatory moratorium on new agency regulations.

“I am going to cut regulations massively,” he said. “Massively.”

Freezing all pending federal regulations would include many Wall Street regulations created by the Dodd-Frank legislation passed in the wake of the financial crisis. Trump’s energy agenda would open new sections of American coastal waters to offshore oil drilling and sweep away the Obama administration’s efforts to fight climate change. Both moves have frequently found widespread support among Republican lawmakers and in conservative policy circles.

In other areas, he skirted or defied Republican orthodoxy. Trump made no attempt to propose spending cuts or other measures to offset his proposed tax-rate cuts or begin to reduce the national debt, as he has promised to do in the past. His child-care expense plan could increase the debt even further, unless it were offset by spending cuts or a rapid increase in economic growth. So could an infrastructure spending plan that he has said could cost more than $500 billion.

[Ivanka Trump champions working moms — except the ones who design her clothes]

The plan also promises to increase growth by reducing the United States’ trade deficit with China and other trading partners, in part by levying tariffs on imported goods from those countries. Some economists, including Trump adviser Peter Navarro, say that reducing the trade deficit would boost growth. Others, including Mark Zandi of Moody’s Analytics, warn that a tariff war could push the United States and much of the world into recession.

Trump has adopted hard-line opposition to sweeping trade agreements, arguing that they have hurt American workers. He reiterated his commitment to renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement and withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. He singled out President Bill Clinton for signing NAFTA and accused the accord of moving U.S. jobs abroad. He said a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for TPP.

“The one common feature of every Hillary Clinton idea is that it punishes you for working and doing business in the United States,” Trump said.

As secretary of state, Clinton praised TPP. But in the Democratic primary, she abandoned her support for the agreement. Most congressional Republicans support the multi-nation pact.

Anne Gearan in St. Petersburg, Fla., and Carole Morello and Ed O’Keefe in Washington contributed to this report.",1
3361,Clinton aide key focus in FBI server investigation,"More than 100 days after he invoked his Fifth Amendment right to avoid testifying before the House committee investigating the Benghazi terrorist attack, a key Hillary Clinton aide is at the center of the separate and ongoing investigation by the FBI into Clinton’s use of a private unsecured server while she was secretary of state.

That former staffer, Bryan Pagliano, set up the controversial private email server in Clinton’s home in Chappaqua, N.Y.

Pagliano is believed to be the only witness publicly identified during the politically charged hearings on Benghazi to invoke the Fifth Amendment.

He has not been charged with any crime, but the investigation continues into how Clinton used a private homebrew server which contained highly classified information while she was secretary of state.

As Fox News was first to report on Dec. 15, a review by the intelligence community reaffirmed that at least two emails were “top secret” when they hit Clinton’s private server. The State Department had challenged the classification.

At the core of the separate FBI investigation is whether highly classified information was ""grossly mishandled"" by Clinton and her aides.

Pagliano worked for the Clinton campaign team and was their trusted IT specialist before he joined the State Department in May 2009.

As first reported by The Washington Post, the Clintons paid Pagliano $5,000 for ""computer services"" prior to his joining the State Department, according to a financial disclosure form he filed in April 2009.

Yet, even after arriving at State in May 2009, Pagliano continued to be paid by the Clintons to maintain the non-secure homebrew server, which was located in a bathroom closet inside the Clinton's Chappaqua home.

As part of invoking his Fifth Amendment right, Pagliano is also invoking the so-called act-of-production privilege. Since 1984, according to a review by Fox News, the privilege has been used in 103 federal or state cases.

A person can invoke his Fifth Amendment rights against the production of documents only where the act of producing the documents is incriminating in itself. According to a legal review by Fox News, this privilege applies when producing the documents – as opposed to their contents -- to the government is entitled to Fifth Amendment protection.

This assertion is tantamount to the defendant's testimony that the documents exist, are authentic and are in his possession.

The privilege has been invoked before by a Clinton associate. Webb Hubbell, Hillary Clinton's former law partner when she worked at the Rose Law Firm in Arkansas, argued for an ""act-of-production privilege"" during the federal investigation into the collapse of Madison Guaranty, a failed savings and loan. Hubbell followed Bill and Hillary Clinton into the White House to become an associate attorney general, the third-ranking member of the Justice Department. He was convicted in 1995 and served 18 months in federal prison for his role in the failure of that savings and loan which later became known as the ""Whitewater scandal.""

Pagliano initially invoked the Fifth Amendment in refusing to answer 19 pages of questions from the House Select Committee on Benghazi, which is investigating the attack that killed four Americans in September 2012. Killed in the attack were Ambassador Chris Stevens, State Department information officer Sean Smith, and former Navy SEALs Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty.

Three months ago, Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., chairman of the committee, acknowledged that Pagliano may be called again. Fox News has confirmed no new subpoena has yet been issued by the committee for Pagliano. And there has been no subpoena issued by the Senate Judiciary Committee.

As for the ongoing and separate FBI investigation into Clinton's emails, no one is authorized to speak on the record but Fox News is told by two intelligence sources that the ""Bureau (FBI) has a solid team on the case"" and does not want to appear to be interfering with ""the country's political process.""

In addition to looking at the potential mishandling of classified material, investigators are focused on possible violations of U.S. Code 18, Section 1001 pertaining to “materially false” statements given either in writing, orally or through a third party. Each violation is subject to five years in prison.

It is unclear if Pagliano also had to sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement, or NDA, while working for the State Department which requires protection of highly classified information.

Clinton signed her NDA on Jan. 22, 2009, which states in part, ""I have been advised that any breach of this Agreement may result in my termination of my access to SCI (Sensitive Compartmented Information) and removal from a position of special confidence.”

In the prosecution of former CIA Director David Petraeus for his role in wrongly providing highly classified information to his biographer and mistress Paula Broadwell, violations of Non-Disclosure Agreements were cited.

Fox News was told that “frustration” is mounting in the pace of the investigation into Clinton's emails.

Mark MacDougall, the attorney for Pagliano, had no comment to Fox News.

Pamela K. Browne is Senior Executive Producer at the FOX News Channel (FNC) and is Director of Long-Form Series and Specials. Her journalism has been recognized with several awards. Browne first joined FOX in 1997 to launch the news magazine “Fox Files” and later, “War Stories.”

Catherine Herridge is an award-winning Chief Intelligence correspondent for FOX News Channel (FNC) based in Washington, D.C. She covers intelligence, the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security. Herridge joined FNC in 1996 as a London-based correspondent.",1
3333,Clinton Foundation received subpoena from State Department investigators,"Investigators with the State Department issued a subpoena to the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation last fall seeking documents about the charity’s projects that may have required approval from the federal government during Hillary Clinton’s term as secretary of state, according to people familiar with the subpoena and written correspondence about it.

The subpoena also asked for records related to Huma Abedin, a longtime Clinton aide who for six months in 2012 was employed simultaneously by the State Department, the foundation, Clinton’s personal office, and a private consulting firm with ties to the Clintons.

The full scope and status of the inquiry, conducted by the State Department’s inspector general, were not clear from the material correspondence reviewed by The Washington Post.

A foundation representative, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss an ongoing inquiry, said the initial document request had been narrowed by investigators and that the foundation is not the focus of the probe.

A State IG spokesman declined to comment on that assessment or on the subpoena.

Representatives for Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign and Abedin also declined comment.

There is no indication that the watchdog is looking at Clinton. But as she runs for president in part by promoting her leadership of the State Department, an inquiry involving a top aide and the relationship between her agency and her family’s charity could further complicate her campaign.

For months, Clinton has wrangled with controversy over her use of a private email server, which has sparked a separate investigation by the same State Department inspector general’s office. There is also an FBI investigation into whether her system compromised national security.

Clinton was asked about the FBI investigation at a debate last week and said she was “100 percent confident” nothing would come of it. Last month, Clinton denied a Fox News report that the FBI had expanded its probe to include ties between the foundation and the State Department. She called that report “an unsourced, irresponsible” claim with “no basis.”

[How Huma Abedin operated at the center of the Clinton universe]

During the years Clinton served as secretary of state, the foundation was led by her husband, former president Bill Clinton. She joined its board after leaving office in February 2013 and helped run it until launching her White House bid in April.

Abedin served as deputy chief of staff at State starting in 2009. For the second half of 2012, she participated in the “special government employee” program that enabled her to work simultaneously in the State Department, the foundation, Hillary Clinton’s personal office and Teneo, a private consultancy with close ties to the Clintons.

Abedin has been a visible part of Hillary Clinton’s world since she served as an intern in the 1990s for the then-first lady while attending George Washington University. On the campaign trail, Clinton is rarely seen in public without Abedin somewhere nearby.

Republican lawmakers have alleged that foreign officials and other powerful interests with business before the U.S. government gave large donations to the Clinton Foundation to curry favor with a sitting secretary of state and a potential future president.

Both Clintons have dismissed those accusations, saying donors contributed to the $2 billion foundation to support its core missions: improving health care, education and environmental work around the world.

[The inside story of how the Clintons built a $2 billion global empire]

Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.), Clinton’s opponent in the Democratic primary, has largely avoided raising either issue in his campaign. Last spring, Sanders expressed concerns about the Clinton Foundation being part of a political system “dominated by money.”

Sanders has batted away questions about the email scandal, famously saying at a debate last fall that, “The American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails.”

The potential consequences of the IG investigation are unclear. Unlike federal prosecutors, who generally use subpoenas issued by a grand jury, inspectors general frequently subpoena documents without seeking approval from a grand jury or judge.

But their power is limited. They are able to obtain documents, but they cannot compel testimony. At times, IG inquiries result in criminal charges, but sometimes they lead to administrative review, civil penalties or reports that have no legal consequences.

The IG has investigated Abedin before. Last year, the watchdog concluded she was overpaid nearly $10,000 because of violations of sick leave and vacation policies, a finding that Abedin and her attorneys have contested.

Republican lawmakers, led by Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa), have alleged that Abedin’s role at the center of overlapping public and private Clinton worlds created the potential for conflicts of interest.",1
4949,Trump: inner cities run by Democrats are more dangerous than war zones,"Donald Trump veered off script on Monday night to claim that “inner cities run by the Democrats” were more dangerous than countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan.

The Republican nominee was meant to be delivering a speech calling for Hillary Clinton be investigated by a special prosecutor. However, once again he veered off message in an attempt to appeal to minority voters in apocalyptic terms.

“You can go to war zones in countries that we are fighting and it is safer than living in some of our inner cities that are run by the Democrats,” Trump said. The Republican nominee also promised if elected, “we’ll get rid of the crime. You’ll be able to walk down the street without getting shot. Now, you walk down the street, you get shot.”

Trump has made increased appeals for support from African Americans in recent days. Despite that, a recent NBC/Wall Street Journal poll showed Trump receiving the support of only 1% of African American voters, a historically low total. The poll did have a margin of error of plus or minus 3.5%. The Republican nominee has repeatedly argued that African American voters should support him in the past week, saying: “What have you got to lose?” In contrast, the New York real estate developer has railed against what he called “the bigotry of Hillary Clinton, who sees people of color only as votes and not as human beings worthy of a better future.”

The intended focus of Trump’s message on Monday was his call for a special prosecutor to investigate Clinton’s leadership of the state department. Trump claimed that the FBI and Department of Justice could not be trusted to investigate “Hillary Clinton’s crimes”. The FBI in July decided not to pursue criminal charges against Clinton for her use of an unsecured private email server while secretary of state. However, in doing so, FBI director James Comey rebuked Clinton for the “extremely careless” way in which she handled her emails.

In the speech, Trump also said he was “fighting for peaceful regime change in our country” and warned gravely of potential election fraud. “You got to go out and watch. You know what I’m talking about,” he said. Trump has long made unsubstantiated claims about “a rigged election” and warned of in-person voter fraud recently at a campaign stop in Pennsylvania. However, an exhaustive investigation of in-person voter fraud in the United States found only 31 cases since 2000 out of more than 1bn ballots cast.

Trump spoke in the blue collar city of Akron, Ohio. The Buckeye State has 18 electoral votes, and no Republican has ever won the White House without winning Ohio. According to data complied by Real Clear Politics, Clinton has not trailed in a single statewide poll of Ohio since April. However, despite these sagging poll numbers and cryptic warnings about election fraud, Trump was still confident of victory: “I just get the feeling that we’re going to win in a landslide.”",1
2543,Judge Temporarily Halts Obama's Immigration Actions,"WASHINGTON -- A federal judge issued a preliminary injunction on Monday that will temporarily prevent the Obama administration from moving forward with its executive actions on immigration while a lawsuit against the president works its way through the courts.

The order, by Judge Andrew Hanen of the U.S. District Court in Brownsville, Texas, was an early stumble for the administration in what will likely be a long legal battle over whether President Barack Obama overstepped his constitutional authority with the wide-reaching executive actions on immigration he announced last November.

The impact of the order will be felt almost immediately: One of Obama's actions is set to take effect on Feb. 18. On that day, the administration was set to begin accepting applications for an expanded version of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program. DACA allows undocumented immigrants who came to the U.S. as children to stay in the country and work legally.

Now, newly eligible immigrants seeking to apply will be unable to do so while the lawsuit is pending. The administration will also be unable to move forward, for now, with a DACA-like program created under Obama's executive actions. That program confers similar relief to undocumented immigrants who are parents of legal permanent residents or of U.S. citizens.

Hanen, who was appointed to the court by former President George W. Bush, said in the ruling that the 26 states who brought the suit had standing to do so, and indicated he was sympathetic to their arguments.

""This lawsuit is not about immigration,"" the complaint reads. ""It is about the rule of law, presidential power, and the structural limits of the U.S. Constitution.""

The White House has said that Obama acted within his authority and that the policies will allow immigration enforcement agents to focus on deporting higher-priority offenders such as convicted criminals, recent border-crossers and those who pose national security threats.

Attorneys general from 12 states and the District of Columbia signed onto an amicus brief in support of Obama's actions, asking the judge not to issue an injunction.

""The truth is that the directives will substantially benefit states, will further the public interest, and are well within the President’s broad authority to enforce immigration law,"" the amicus brief reads.

Obama's executive actions are at the center of a congressional impasse over funding the Department of Homeland Security. The dispute could cause an agency shutdown once funding runs out on Feb. 27. Most Republicans say they will only support a DHS funding bill if it includes measures to stop Obama's immigration policies, but those measures are being blocked by Senate Democrats. Even if such a bill were to reach the president's desk, Obama has said he would veto it.

The district court ruling was considered a potential game-changer for the funding fight, since some Republicans might be convinced to support a DHS funding bill with no immigration measures if Obama's actions were not moving forward anyway.

UPDATE: 8:20 a.m. -- White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest put out a statement early Tuesday defending the executive actions, which he said ""are consistent with the laws passed by Congress and decisions of the Supreme Court, as well as five decades of precedent by presidents of both parties who have used their authority to set priorities in enforcing our immigration laws.""

""The Department of Justice, legal scholars, immigration experts, and the district court in Washington, D.C. have determined that the President’s actions are well within his legal authority,"" Earnest continued. ""Top law enforcement officials, along with state and local leaders across the country, have emphasized that these policies will also benefit the economy and help keep communities safe. The district court’s decision wrongly prevents these lawful, commonsense policies from taking effect and the Department of Justice has indicated that it will appeal that decision.""",1
4647,Road to 270: 's new election map,"Washington One week after we moved Nevada and Florida from ""battleground"" to ""lean Democratic,"" both states appear to be snapping back to their traditional toss-up status. Our new CNN electoral outlook places both states back in the ""battleground"" category and increases the up-for-grabs turf to six states and two congressional districts worth a total of 87 electoral votes.

Note: The split congressional district ratings are symbolized with diagonal lines.

Clinton had not yet finished her two-day swing through the Sunshine State before her campaign let it be known that she would be back in Florida this weekend.

Florida is also one of the handful of states where the Clinton campaign remains heavily on the air with campaign advertising and where it announced today that two closing argument ads will begin to be seen across the state.

Florida's 29 electoral votes are the biggest prize on the map among competitive states and both campaigns plan to fight it out there all the way through November 8.

In Nevada, polls continue to show it is a margin-of-error race between Clinton and Trump and both candidates are expected back in the Silver State before Election Day.

As Trump continues to shore up his Republican support and improve his standing among Hispanics (though still losing this group by a wide margin), he is ensuring Nevada remains competitive all the way through Election Day.

With the new changes to the CNN electoral outlook, our current snapshot has Clinton at 272 electoral votes from states either solidly or leaning in her direction. Trump has a total of 179 electoral votes from the states either solidly or leaning in his direction. That leaves 87 electoral votes currently up for grabs in the remaining battleground states.

The full rundown is below:

California (55), Connecticut (7), Delaware (3), DC (3), Hawaii (4), Illinois (20), Maine (3), Maryland (10), Massachusetts (11), New Jersey (14), New York (29), Oregon (7), Rhode Island (4), Vermont (3), Washington (12), Minnesota (10), New Mexico (5) (200 total)",1
77,Bernie Sanders faces frustrated crowd at race forum in Minneapolis,"Sanders spoke to the predominately African-American crowd, addressing issues such as the incarceration rates of whites versus African-Americans due to marijuana use. He also talked about nationwide police reforms.

After delivering a stump speech for about 15 minutes, Sanders answered questions on racial inequality, economic disparities and small business growth, and environmental issues affecting Minneapolis.

The audience cheered and clapped for Sanders at times during his stump speech, and were as vocal during the question and answer session, yelling out ""How?"" at several points as the senator spoke.

A particularly tense moment arose when a questioner found Sanders' answer on government accountability in low-income communities like Flint, Michigan, unsatisfactory, accusing him of being afraid of saying ""black"" and asked him to go into more detail about reparations for African-Americans in the country.

""I know you're scared to say black, I know you're scared to say reparation"" a woman said. ""But it seems like every time we try to talk about black people and us getting something for the systematic reparations and the exploitation of our people we have to include every other person of color ... can you please talk about specifically black people and reparations?"" Sanders pushed back in his response, defending his viewpoint that the issue is national and spans across poor communities. ""What I just indicated in my view is that when you have ... you and I may have disagreements because it's not just black, it is Latino, there are areas of America, in poor rural areas, where it's white."" During his response he was interrupted by an audience member who yelled, ""Say black!"" to which the senator said, ""I've said black 50 times. That's the 51st time."" Sanders offered this solution to the original question: invest most in those communities most in need. ""When you have 35% of black children living in poverty, when you have half the kids in the country, in public schools on free and reduced lunches, when youth unemployment in African-American communities is 51%, those are exactly the kinds of communities that you invest in."" Audience member Jason Sole stood up and declared that he was ""feeling the Bern"" but added that because he was formerly incarcerated, he couldn't cast a ballot in the Minnesota primary. Sanders said he disagreed with the notion that convicted felons shouldn't be allowed to vote. ""What criminal justice is supposed to be about is you do the crime, you are found guilty, you pay the price. I'm not aware that paying the price includes taking away your rights to vote in a Democratic society. You paid the price right? You're a citizen of the United States, correct? You have the right to vote."" Sanders told the audience not to be naïve, underscoring what he sees as an underlying political motive. ""You have large numbers of African-American men and women not being able to vote. Somebody benefits from that."" The forum finished inconclusively when activist Clyde Bellecourt commandeered the microphone to talk about issues relating to Native Americans being what he called ""completely forgotten"" by the federal government. His statement drew on for several heated and emotional minutes as moderators asked him to get to his question and Bellecourt declared, ""If you have to carry me out of here, carry me out of here!"" Sanders rose from his chair, thanked the crowd and scurried offstage.",1
843,"Desperate Measures: Cruz, Kasich Team Up to Take Down Trump","GOP rivals Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich are joining forces to take down front-runner Donald Trump.

The news comes a day before voters in five Northeastern states head to the polls to cast ballots in another round of crucial presidential primaries.

Trump is expected to add to his overwhelming delegate lead.

""I have got to get rid of these two guys. I am sorry folks,"" the tycoon told his supporters.

Cruz and Kasich almost simultaneously announced Sunday they're coordinating their campaigns to deny the front-runner the 1,237 delegates needed to win the party's nomination before the convention.

""I think, when we're at the convention, the delegates are going to want to know who can beat Hillary,"" Kasich said.

The Kasich campaign is backing off in Indiana, giving Cruz a clearer path to victory in next month's primary.

In return, the Cruz campaign will ease up to give Kasich a ""clearer the path"" in Oregon and New Mexico.

""Having Donald Trump at the top of the ticket in November would be a sure disaster for Republicans,"" Cruz's campaign manager, Jeff Roe, said in a statement.

""Not only would Trump get blown out by Clinton or Sanders,"" he warned. ""But having him as our nominee would set the party back a generation.""

The Kaisch campaign also released a statement explaining, ""Our goal is to have an open convention in Cleveland, where we are confident a candidate capable of uniting the party and winning in November will emerge as the nominee.""

""Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. Desperation!"" he tweeted.

Meanwhile, in the Democratic race, there is talk Hillary Clinton is already quietly starting the search for a vice presidential running mate.

""I am just working hard to win on Tuesday,"" said Clinton, who is ahead in all five states voting Tuesday.

The former state secretary is virtually assured of winning the Democratic nomination before her party's convention.

Even so, rival Bernie Sanders is still promising to stay in the race.

""Well, we're going to have to do — obviously, win big in the number of the primaries and caucuses that yet remain,"" the Vermont senator told NBC News Saturday.

""A poll came out yesterday that has us within striking distance in California, a larger state. I think we can do very well in California,"" he said.",1
206,Ryan hopes for new tone in Trump campaign,"Paul Ryan is hoping Donald Trump really does elevate the tone of his campaign, but otherwise seems prepared to (again) criticize the presumptive Republican presidential nominee if necessary.

""When anyone in our party, least especially our nominee, says things that run contrary to our beliefs, to our values, to our principles, we have an obligation to call them out,"" Ryan said on CBS' Face The Nation. ""We have an obligation to not support those things because they don't define who we are.""

Ryan, who endorsed Trump earlier this month, spoke less than a week after criticizing the New York businessman for saying a federal judge may be biased against him because of ""Mexican heritage."" The House speaker described Trump's comments as the ""textbook"" definition of racism.

He told CBS he is ""kind of learning as I go"" when it comes to Trump.

""I believe in this job I have as speaker of the House that it is important that I help unify our party so that we're at full strength in the fall so that we can win an election,"" Ryan said.

Trump backers, meanwhile, have described Ryan as the personification of the Republican establishment they said they are fighting.

In a column for Breitbart News — one tweeted out by a Trump staff member — Trump backer Wayne Allyn Root urged the presumptive nominee to ""ignore"" Ryan.

""He’s the old guard,"" Root wrote. ""He’s a loser. He’s another Mitch McConnell. He’s the new John Boehner. Paul Ryan is the reason the GOP is losing America.""",1
4456,"What voters want in a president today, and how their views have changed","The presidential nomination contests are heating up and both parties’ 2016 fields have narrowed. And since it’s also Presidents Day weekend, it’s a good time to consider what voters want in a president, regardless of which candidate they may support.

Past experience is not necessarily required (especially for Republicans).

Last March, more than a year before the first primaries, more voters valued a hypothetical candidate with “experience and a proven record” (50%) than one who had “new ideas and a different approach” (43%). Just six months later, those numbers had flipped – 55% said it was more important for a candidate to have new ideas, while 37% valued experience and a proven record.

This shift came entirely among Republican and Republican-leaning voters. The share of Republicans saying it was more important for a candidate to have new ideas increased by nearly 30 percentage points over this period, from 36% to 65%. Opinions among Democratic voters remained far more stable. In September, 50% valued experience, about the same as the 46% who said this in March.

Past experience as a Washington lawmaker also is viewed more negatively among the public overall than in prior presidential campaigns – again, especially among Republicans. In January, 31% of the public – including 44% of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents – said they would be less likely to vote for a presidential candidate who had been an elected official in Washington for many years. In 2007, just 15% of the public and 20% of Republicans had a negative view of a candidate with longtime experience as a D.C. elected official.

While the public continues to view military experience very positively, it is a trait that none of the top remaining 2016 candidates possesses. In a survey last month, 50% of Americans said they would be more likely to vote for a presidential candidate who has served in the military – the most positively viewed trait among 13 tested. In the prior two presidential campaigns, military experience also was viewed very positively.

The 2012 election was the first in more than 80 years in which neither of the major party presidential candidates had served in the military. But this may not be surprising given that military veterans make up steadily declining shares of both the public and members of Congress.

Support is limited for a candidate who does not believe in God.

In our recent survey on faith and the 2016 campaign, large majorities of Americans said it would make no difference to them if a presidential candidate were Jewish (80%) or Catholic (75%). Being an evangelical Christian also is a neutral characteristic; 55% of U.S. adults said it wouldn’t matter if a candidate were an evangelical, while similar shares said it would make them more likely (22%) or less likely (20%) to vote for that person.

Members of certain other religious groups, however, may have a harder time reaching the White House because of their religious beliefs. While 69% of Americans said it wouldn’t matter if a candidate were a Mormon, 23% said they would be less likely to vote for a Mormon. Even more had a negative view of a hypothetical Muslim candidate: 42% said they would be less likely to support such a candidate, while 53% said it would make no difference.

Not believing in God remains an even greater potential liability for a candidate. About half of Americans (51%) said they would be less likely to vote for an atheist candidate, though this share has fallen from 63% in 2007.

For most voters, “electability” matters less than issue positions.

Political pundits often focus on the “electability” of candidates – how they might fare in a general election contest. But in September, majorities of voters in both parties said it was more important for a candidate to share their positions on the issues.

Two-thirds of both Republican (67%) and Democratic (65%) registered voters said it was more important for a candidate to share their positions on issues than it was for a candidate to have the best chance of defeating the other party’s nominee.",1
1327,Rubio’s problem: An excess of caution,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
12,Fact Check: Was Planned Parenthood Started To 'Control' The Black Population?,"Fact Check: Was Planned Parenthood Started To 'Control' The Black Population?

Ben Carson alleged in an interview with Fox News Wednesday that Planned Parenthood puts most of its clinics in black neighborhoods to ""control the population"" and that its founder, Margaret Sanger, ""was not particularly enamored with black people.""

Planned Parenthood has been a target on the campaign trail after a series of sting videos was released alleging the organization illegally profits from selling aborted fetal tissue. Carson, a famed neurosurgeon turned Republican presidential candidate, has been a vocal opponent of the group. He was also in the news this week after reports surfaced that he once used aborted fetal tissue for research.

On Fox News Wednesday, Carson was asked about Democrats' criticism that Republicans who want to defund Planned Parenthood are waging a ""war on women."" He responded:

It's not the first time Planned Parenthood has faced criticism about its founder and the placement of its clinics — former presidential candidate Herman Cain made a similar statement in 2011.

In response, Planned Parenthood said Carson was not only ""wrong on the facts, he's flat-out insulting."" Alencia Johnson, assistant director of constituency communications, told NPR:

Did Margaret Sanger believe in eugenics?

Yes, but not in the way Carson implied.

Eugenics was a discipline, championed by prominent scientists but now widely debunked, that promoted ""good"" breeding and aimed to prevent ""poor"" breeding. The idea was that the human race could be bettered through encouraging people with traits like intelligence, hard work, cleanliness (thought to be genetic) to reproduce. Eugenics was taken to its horrifying extreme during the Holocaust, through forced sterilizations and breeding experiments.

In the United States, eugenics intersected with the birth control movement in the 1920s, and Sanger reportedly spoke at eugenics conferences. She also talked about birth control being used to facilitate ""the process of weeding out the unfit [and] of preventing the birth of defectives.""

Historians seem to disagree on just how involved in the eugenics movement she was. Some contend her involvement was for political reasons — to win support for birth control.

In reading her papers, it is clear Sanger had bought into the movement. She once wrote that ""consequences of breeding from stock lacking human vitality always will give us social problems and perpetuate institutions of charity and crime.""

""That Sanger was enamored and supported some eugenicists' ideas is certainly true,"" said Susan Reverby, a health care historian and professor at Wellesley College. But, Reverby added, Sanger's main argument was not eugenics — it was that ""Sanger thought people should have the children they wanted.""

It was a radical idea for the time.

Sanger wrote about this mission herself in 1921: ""The almost universal demand for practical education in Birth Control is one of the most hopeful signs that the masses themselves today possess the divine spark of regeneration.""

Was Sanger ""not particularly enamored with black people""?

Sanger's birth control movement did have support in black neighborhoods, beginning in the '20s when there were leagues in Harlem started by African-Americans. Sanger also worked closely with NAACP founder W.E.B. DuBois on a ""Negro Project,"" which she viewed as a way to get safe contraception to African-Americans.

In 1946, Sanger wrote about the importance of giving ""Negro"" parents a choice in how many children they would have.

""The Negro race has reached a place in its history when every possible effort should be made to have every Negro child count as a valuable contribution to the future of America,"" she wrote. ""Negro parents, like all parents, must create the next generation from strength, not from weakness; from health, not from despair.""

Her attitude toward African-Americans can certainly be viewed as paternalistic, but there is no evidence she subscribed to the more racist ideas of the time or that she coerced black women into using birth control. In fact, for her time, as the Washington Post noted, ""she would likely be considered to have advanced views on race relations.""

Are most of Planned Parenthood's clinics in black neighborhoods?

In 2014, the Guttmacher Institute, a reproductive health research center, surveyed all known abortion providers, including Planned Parenthood clinics, in the U.S. (nearly 2,000) and found that 60 percent are in majority-white neighborhoods.

Planned Parenthood has not released numbers on the neighborhoods of its specific clinics, but responding to a request for demographic information, the organization said that in 2013, 14 percent of its patients nationwide were black. That's nearly equal to the proportion of the African-American population in the U.S.

However, Carson is tapping into a more subtle sentiment — the targeting of African-Americans in health care systems. There have been documented cases of that happening, including the now-infamous Tuskegee study. Starting in the 1930s, the Tuskegee Institute enrolled black sharecroppers in experiments and allowed them to suffer from syphilis untreated, though they were told they were getting treatment.

And, Wellesley's Reverby said, that was sometimes the case for birth control clinics historically, too. They may have been available in communities where more general health care was not, raising some ethical questions.

""One of the issues is ... what happens when you can find birth control clinics but you can't find primary care? It's just a question of what the state's willing to provide for,"" Reverby said. ""Was there overuse of birth control and sterilization in poor communities in some states? Absolutely. It's a complicated story.""

Did Sanger have a connection to Nazi Germany?

Not that NPR found. Sanger herself wrote in 1939 that she had joined the Anti-Nazi Committee ""and gave money, my name and any influence I had with writers and others, to combat Hitler's rise to power in Germany.""

She also said books of hers had been destroyed and that she had intellectual friends who were sent to concentration camps or put to death. Sanger did not have a connection to the Nazis, but a loose association comes through her involvement in the eugenics movement.

American and German eugenicists closely collaborated, and the Nazis reportedly borrowed much of their 1933 so-called sterilization law from American models. That law allowed the government to forcibly sterilize people with alleged genetic disorders.",1
2160,Republicans outfox Democrats on climate votes,"The party looks to Kamala Harris, Catherine Cortez Masto, Tammy Duckworth and Maggie Hassan to help lead it out of the abyss.",1
4892,Presidential debate moderators announced,"The official list of debate moderators is out and it includes anchors from all the major networks.

The full list, from the Commission on Presidential Debates, is below:

Elaine Quijano is the first anchor of a digital network. She covers news for CBS' 24-hour digital streaming network) to moderate a debate.

Not everyone was happy with the line-up. Randy Falco, the president and CEO of Univision, wrote a letter to the executive director of the Commission on Presidential Debates, Janet H. Brown, slamming the decision not to include a Hispanic journalist on the presidential stage. The letter was tweeted by Politico media reporter Hadas Gold.

""I am writing to express disappointment, and frankly disbelief, that the Commission Presidential Debates has not chosen a Hispanic journalist to moderate the presidential debates. The inclusion of CBS’ Elaine Quijano as a moderator for the Vice Presidential debate is certainly a welcome addition but seems insufficient when taking into account past presidential cycles, future demographic trends and the important role Latinos play in the economic and social fabric of this great nation. Simply put: it’s an abdication of your responsibility to represent and reflect one of the largest and most influential communities in the U.S.""

While both candidates have said they would do the debates, Donald Trump has expressed concern over who will moderate and the timing of the debates.",1
4245,Hillary’s inevitability lie: Why the media and party elites are rushing to nominate the weakest candidate,"If Clinton and Trump win their conventions, it’ll be the first time both parties nominated their weakest candidate. Trump is the one Republican almost any Democrat can beat; Hillary the one Democrat Trump can beat. The response of the party establishments is instructive. Republicans engage in a mad scramble to stop Trump while Democrats do all they can to help Hillary seal the deal.

Fear of Trump unites Republican elites as nothing but hatred for Obama ever did; Senate leadership with House rank and file; libertarians with militarists and supply siders; the Kochs with Karl Rove. A few of the phonier evangelicals defected to Trump but most, like the pope, know a fake Christian when they see one. All the factions now join the RNC, Fox News and every corporate lobbyist in town in a late, frantic effort to turn the tide. On Tuesday, Trump routed them all.

Democratic elites are just as united in opposing Bernie Sanders: members of Congress, gay and abortion rights lobbies, African-American leaders, most of labor and many of the same corporate lobbyists battling Trump. Sanders is a reformer and an honest, decent man. Trump is a louche, lying fascist with the impulse control of a hyperactive four-year-old. Yet Trump, not Sanders, is laying waste his party. Are Democrats simply more skilled in the art of suppression? If so, who knew?

But things aren’t as they seem. Sanders is doing better and Trump worse than the media thinks. Each race will now shift; whether enough to stop Clinton or Trump depends on strategy, execution, luck and other things impossible to poll. Elites may hold on for one last round but these insurgencies threaten their long term survival. Since their survival threatens ours, that’s great news.

Clinton owes some of her early success to the frontloading of Southern states. Super Tuesday is a scheme hatched in the ’80s by a bunch of white, male, mostly Southern Democrats who thought a regional primary would help “centrists” like themselves get a leg up on liberals. But they forgot, not for the first or last time, about African-Americans, lots of whom live in the South and vote Democratic. In ’88, Jessie Jackson and Al Gore split the region, thus allowing Northern social liberal Mike Dukakis to slip through the net.

This year Super Tuesday finally worked as planned; hindering a progressive, aiding an insider. There was a twist: African-Americans who now dominate the party in the South made it work. I doubt they prefer Clinton’s neoliberalism to Sanders’ democratic socialism. The win owed more to loyalty to Obama and other trusted leaders, and to Hillary’s skills and connections. By Saturday, eight of the 11 states of the old Confederacy had voted. In them she won 68 percent of the vote. Ten of 39 states outside the South had voted. In those states Sanders took 57 percent of the vote. On March 15, the Confederacy will be all done voting. The race begins then.

Clinton owes even more of her success to a party establishment she says doesn’t exist.  Democrats send 717 superdelegates to their convention; that’s a third of the number needed to nominate. She has most of them. (Republican superdelegates are bound by popular votes because their base rose up and demanded it.) DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz slashed debates from 26 to six just to deny Sanders the airtime. Sanders surely won the popular vote in Iowa and maybe Nevada, but their state parties won’t release results. Sanders undercut the Des Moines Register’s demand to see the raw vote, saying it didn’t matter given the close delegate count. Trump, who brags incessantly on polls, has a deeper insight into the power of the bandwagon effect.

The election’s best news thus far is the evidence it offers that a campaign funded by small donors that stays true to its principles can beat big money. But we don’t know how much dark and super PAC money Clinton commands, or its impact on the race. Here’s hoping the next time she says Wall Street is spending money to defeat her, Bernie points out that it probably spends as much to elect her and that the whole reason he’s running is to make it harder for Wall Street to cover its bets.

Clinton began the race for the nomination 40 points up. Yet all these advantages — money, superdelegates, calendar, shutting down debates and withholding election results — couldn’t save her. She needed yet more help and got it from liberal lobbies that are all that remains of the great grass-roots movements that once drove all our social progress. Most are led not by grass-roots leaders but by technicians who seek money, access and career advancement and rely on the same consultants advising Clinton, Obama and a long list of corporate clients.

It is no shock to see every GOP faction unite against Trump. He is plainly not a neoconservative, a libertarian, a free trader or even a Christian. Unencumbered by conscience or conviction, he is free to don any disguise he deems useful. Some in his party oppose him out of principle; others because they think he can’t win. But if he had the demeanor of an Anglican bishop and led every general election poll, many would still fight him, because his victory would mean their ultimate defeat.

Progressive groups who united against Bernie have a lot more explaining to do. There was a time when many progressives observed an unwritten law against wading into primaries against friends, even for a candidate who was better on their issues, let alone for one who was palpably worse. On choice Clinton may claim more personal involvement than Sanders but on every other progressive issue, including civil rights and gay rights, Bernie beats her by a mile.

On core labor issues like global trade and a living wage, he is steadfast while she is anything but. Still, unions representing 70percent  of all members backed her, often without members’ consent. Nevada’s culinary union told its members it would stay out, but leaders worked casinos hard, enabling Clinton to eke out the appearance of victory. Given Massachusetts’ liberal reputation, big student population and proximity to Vermont, Sanders needed a win. But labor poured it on. Without its help, Clinton’s 1.3 percent margin of victory would have been impossible. Some who helped engineer Clinton endorsements did so for institutional access or personal gain. I like to think more did it because she looked like a winner. It would be good for all progressives if these leaders would reflect on where they get their political advice and how all their access really helps their causes. We once left tactical thinking to politicians. Then issue advocates began hiring pollsters. Now voters are getting into the act. The effect is to turn the marketplace of ideas into a casino. It’s hard enough figuring out if a candidate represents your values without having to speculate about his appeal to others. You don’t go to a store to buy what you think someone else wants, yet primary voters do. One reason for all the tactical thinking is the paralysis of government; if you think nothing will get done, you focus less on policy. Polarization’s another; if you hate their party more than you love yours, what matters is picking a winner. The biggest culprit is the media. Following politics on TV you learn nothing beyond the horse race. Pundits specialize in predicting the recent past. No poll can tell you what folks will say when they finally absorb the fact that one candidate is under criminal investigation or that 5,000 people are suing another for fraud, or that climate change will wipe out the east and west coasts of the United States within their children’s lifetimes. Networks bring on experts angling for political jobs to say we’re the only country on earth that can’t have universal health care but don’t bother to explain Hillary’s or Bernie’s actual plans. Donald Trump’s resume is a hoax, but to find out about Trump University or the Trump Shuttle you have to wait eight months for Marco Rubio to mention it in a debate. Imagine what Upton Sinclair or Ida Tarbell would say to see such a sorry spectacle as this. Clinton’s whole case is tactical. Sanders volunteers say every swing voter asks now about electability or if Congress would pass Bernie’s program. In the last CNN poll his favorability rating is higher than hers among Democrats. (She’s at 78% favorable to 19% unfavorable; he’s at 85% to 10%)  Democrats prefer his policies to hers by wide margins, forcing her to pretend to adopt his. She benefits from kindly MSNBC anchors and apparatchiks posing as analysts on CNN — but what helps her most is every network’s obsession with tactics. The moment the race turns into a referendum on policy choices, she’s finished. For two years the media has swallowed and peddled the Clinton inevitability line. For two weeks it has said Trump’s nomination is inevitable; this after eight months of saying it was impossible. It is so clueless on both counts because it is so much a part of the system that is under attack and because it relies so heavily on its useless tools and discredited methods. It’s hard to predict the future, it being chock full of stuff that hasn’t happened yet. Even if they get it right, they add nothing of value. To see the race as it really is one must see the Democratic and Republicans parties as they really are. The story going round is that they’re far apart. It’s true of cultural issues: guns; same-sex marriage; abortion; immigration. But on matters of the distribution of political and economic power and opportunity they are as close as can be. By these I mean: global trade, fiscal austerity, deregulation, information technology; use of military force and most of all what they fight hardest to defend: pay to play politics. It is against this bipartisan consensus of pay to play politics and neoliberal economics that the country, including large chunks of each party’s base, now rises up. This is nearly as true of Trump’s fascist putsch as it is of Bernie’s progressive revolution. Voters want political reform and economic justice. They know that without reform they’ll never get justice. Bernie Sanders is the only candidate who shares that opinion. The election is part of a broader revolt against a failed status quo. Clinton is an architect of that status quo; Trump, a big beneficiary. So she hides her transcripts and he hides his tax returns. Bernie is an open book. It’s why he has the highest favorability rating of any candidate in the race and Clinton has the lowest of any presidential candidate in the history of polling, except for Trump. Trump and Clinton struggle to co-opt Bernie’s message; Trump even adopts his positions. (A fascist can do what he likes so long as he is racist, xenophobic and authoritarian.) Trump hates pay-to-play politics; or as he frames it, the venality of his opponents. He hates the Iraq War, the Libya strike, the Syria no fly zone, NAFTA and the TPP. He hates Obama’s deals with insurers and drug companies and any cut in Social Security or Medicare. In a debate with Hillary he’d own these priceless treasures. Some would say he stole them, but he can’t steal what she gives away. It’s a debate we never have to see. Trump is a total fraud and a ticking time bomb.  Clinton helped build the system voters want to tear down. Her candidacy rests on the rickety edifice of a dying political establishment that, like Trump, could blow at any time. This is Bernie’s revolution, not Clinton’s or Trump’s. If it’s anyone’s moment, it’s his not theirs. It ain’t over till it’s over.",1
3016,The Weeds: could more corruption fix American politics?,"Yes, the New Hampshire primary was this week — and we found an especially wonky way to talk about it.

There's a paper that came out last year called ""Political Realism: How Hacks, Machines, Big Money, and Back-Room Deals Can Strengthen American Democracy."" If you're a listener of The Weeds, you'll almost certainly find it fascinating.

Author Jonathan Rauch argues that deals, rewards, and favors are all essential parts of actually making the government work. If political parties were stronger — if individuals could donate lots of money, rather than a little — he thinks the government would be able to get even more done.

Listen to Ezra, Matt, and me dive into what this means for the 2016 election in this week's episode — which you can find, as always, below and on iTunes.",1
1633,Jeb Bush gave this black community a charter school. Then he moved on.,"Six weeks before he was set to open Florida’s first charter school, Jeb Bush had yet to recruit a principal. Then he met Katrina Wilson-Davis, a 32-year-old ­social studies teacher with no management experience but a positive spirit that gave him hope.

“We need someone who carries a knife in her teeth and can swing through the vines,” Wilson-Davis recalls Bush telling her on that summer day in 1996.

Recovering from an ego-bruising election loss, Bush was looking for chances to soften his image as a callous Republican who proclaimed he would do “probably nothing” as governor to help African Americans. As a private citizen likely to run for governor again in 1998, Bush created the Liberty City Charter School as a way to educate black children from Miami’s poorest neighborhoods. The school would give him a way to mend ties with the black community while testing a controversial, conservative education theory that was drawing the ire of teachers unions.

“My friends told me I was being used,” Wilson-Davis remembered. She figured it was worth a try. “I said: ‘So? Everyone’s being used.’ ”

As he runs for president nearly two decades later, Bush points to his time working on the school as evidence of his early commitment to a reform agenda. He has said the experience “still shapes the way I see the deep-seated challenges facing urban communities today.” He points to the school’s opening as “one of the happiest, proudest moments of my life.”

But for Wilson-Davis and others who walked the halls of Liberty City, that happy moment has been obscured by the complicated years that have followed.

Over time, Bush’s tightknit relationship with the school and his handpicked principal fizzled. After he won election as Florida governor, in part by touting the school, Bush stepped down from the board — a move his aides say avoided any perceptions of favoritism. He was unable to help the school overcome steep debt or help it resolve a dispute with the building’s landlord. By 2008, the year after Bush left office, local officials voted to close the school.

As Bush campaigns in Florida today to revive his struggling presidential campaign, many in this beleaguered community wrestle with his legacy in their lives. There are feelings of adoration and feelings of abandonment. Many here wonder: Why couldn’t a man so well connected and powerful help raise money or strike a deal with a local landlord? How could he step away from a cause that was so dear to him?

A project that intended to close the chasm between Bush and the black community ended up broadening the distance between them.

Bush’s presidential campaign — in which he has promised to broaden the Republican Party’s appeal to minorities while, on one occasion, appearing to suggest that Democrats win black votes by offering “free stuff” — serves as a reminder of the two sides of the man they knew.

“It’s like I’m reliving the sadness all over again,” Wilson-Davis said.

“Everyone wants me to bash Jeb,” she added. “I can’t just bash Jeb. He did so much for me. He introduced me to so many good people, white people, who cared about our community.”

Bush, in a recent interview, said he could not have saved the school. He had helped negotiate with the landlord early on, but he said little could be done about the landlord’s desire to kick the school out.

“The problem is that they didn’t own the school. They tried to own the school,” Bush said. “But you can’t operate a school if you don’t have the real estate.”

The idea for a charter school in Liberty City stemmed from a new kinship between Bush and T. Willard Fair, a local black activist.

In Fair, head of the Urban League of Greater Miami, Bush found his first full ally within Miami’s black community. Fair had been swayed by the “probably nothing” remark because he long believed black people needed to rely more on themselves, not the government, for their uplift. It took only 90 minutes for them to agree to start the charter school, which would be privately run but publicly funded.

Bush attempted to get another prominent local black activist to serve as principal, school board member Frederica S. Wilson. She rebuffed his efforts but recommended Wilson-Davis, who always dreamed of being a principal.

“I knew I could educate those children,” Wilson-Davis said. “I know these children. I was one of them.”

In an hour, they agreed to work together.

Bush knew he was asking Wilson-Davis to take on a difficult task that would put her at the center of a intense political debate over the future of public schools. But he had confidence in her.

“She had a heart for these kids,” he said.

The young, black schoolteacher — granddaughter of sharecroppers and daughter of a cafeteria worker and a truck driver — gained a mentor and powerful friend who introduced her to the upper echelon of American politics and wealth. The privileged white politician got a charismatic leader for his school who taught him to use bits of slang like “off the chain.” He also got a useful anecdote for his next campaign, and he doubled his share of the black vote.

Soon, Wilson-Davis was going to fancy parties with the son of a president. Hillary Rodham Clinton, first lady at the time, invited her to the White House for a forum on education. “You’re now swimming with big fish,” Wilson-Davis recalled someone telling her at a fundraiser for the school, after which she wondered, “What have I gotten into?”

Bush, too, was acclimating to a different kind of pond. On Saturdays, he drove from tony Coral Gables to a neighborhood of scraggy lots, barbed-wire fences and malls scarred by riots from nearly two decades before.

At first, Fair recalled, Bush looked uncomfortable when he met young mothers in subsidized housing who were interested in his school.

“It was an extraordinary experience,” Bush said.

Sixty students enrolled in the school when it opened in August 1996.

When Bush would visit, he would pat students on the head and call them by name. They would try to scare him with pictures of alligators they drew, and he dressed up as Santa Claus at Christmastime. His mother, Barbara Bush, came to read “Goodnight Moon.”

TV cameras and reporters captured Bush’s big experiment. Educators and donors wanted tours. The school was mocked by the teachers unions when it performed poorly on tests, praised in the papers when it performed well. The attention helped the school with its fundraising, even as Wilson-Davis tired of being a tour guide.

She was more focused on intensive reading and math instruction and weekly positive-reinforcement assemblies. When she heard students arguing about whether zebras were donkeys with painted stripes, she arranged a trip to the zoo. Many children were being raised by their grandparents, so Wilson-Davis started a quilting night to connect the community.

“Don’t let me call your mama,” became one of Wilson-Davis’s best-known threats to the students. About a dozen former students contacted by The Washington Post recalled how she offered Jolly Rancher candies when students visited her office and kept a small mattress there in case anyone needed a nap.

“It was really this custom education that was developed for the kids at the school that made us able to succeed,” said Maurice Jackson, now 22.

Jackson, who interned this summer at the White House, said his views on school turned around after Wilson-Davis placed him in more-advanced classes.

Bush was in the background as much as the foreground. He was a strict taskmaster who could not stomach seeing so much as a wad of paper on the ground.

“ ’Trina,” he would say to Wilson-Davis, she recalled, “poor doesn’t mean dirty.”

The school received the same per-pupil funding as traditional schools, but additional expenses such as rent meant that teachers at first were paid less. Bush’s fundraising prowess helped, but he warned that it would not last forever.

“He’s a fiscally frugal guy, so the goal was you have to learn how to operate with what the state gives you each year,” Wilson-Davis recalled.

Whenever she asked for money, she said, Bush would lean in. He would cross his legs, look into her eyes and ask her why.

“He taught me to trust myself,” Wilson-Davis said. “He would say you can make mistakes, but just not a lot of them, because success was the only option.”

As he walked through the school hall on the day after his successful 1998 election, the cheerleading squad yelled: “Give me a B! Give me a U! Give me an S! Give me an H!”

“I used to love seeing him, and he was there so much,’’ said Michelle Turner, now 25, who was captured by news photographers hugging Bush on that day in 1998.

But then, Turner and others recall, something changed.

“In later years, I don’t remember him being there at all,” Turner said.

Bush had left the board by 2000, two years after being elected governor, but Wilson-Davis continued to reach out to him, often using e-mail. He would respond with brief words of encouragement.

“I hope that you will find time to come by the school and see the children,” Wilson-Davis wrote in July 2001.

“i will try to make it,” Bush responded. There was no indication whether he paid a visit.

In January 2002, Wilson-Davis bragged to him that the school was operating entirely from its state allotment after “many years of prudent and fiscal conservatism.”

By 2006, though, trouble was mounting. The school incurred hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt. The growing importance of high-stakes standardized tests, pushed by Bush, led to the school spending more on new textbooks. And a devastating hurricane season in 2005 left the school with a leaky roof that, she said, the landlord was slow to fix.

“You know that I don’t run to you for everything because I know that you have a whole state and the country to contend with,” Wilson-Davis wrote to Bush on Oct. 13, 2006. “I am in a position where I need some intervention and direction from YOU!”

Bush wrote back, telling Wilson-Davis that “I will work on both issues.” He told her that as a public school, “you should receive the same benefits . . . that all public schools receive.”

Bush attempted to connect her with FEMA, according to e-mails that have been released publicly. But Wilson-Davis said she worried the process was moving too slowly. Fearing for her students’ safety, she used the school’s money to fix the roof.

The landlord, Patrick Beauregard, sued. The repairs violated the lease, and he wanted the school out. Beauregard did not respond to several phone calls from The Post.

Fair and Wilson-Davis wondered: Is it time to get Bush more involved? Fair opposed the idea. His reasoning: Beauregard was black, as were Fair and Wilson-Davis. Some racial lines, he felt, could not be crossed.

“There was nothing in the marrow of my bones that could allow me to ask some white man to bail me out for what a black man did,” Fair said.

Wilson-Davis reached out to Bush anyway. She recalled Bush telling her that his hands were tied. The $500,000 debt was too much for him to recoup. The legal fees continued to mount, and debt grew to $1 million. Parents held walks and protests to generate attention, but their efforts were futile. They wondered what happened to their powerful founder.

After Bush left office in 2007, he made a lucrative reentry into the private sector.

Asked at the time about the school’s difficulties, Bush told the Miami Herald, “I am not aware what this is about.”

In 2008, the county school board shut the school down.

Wilson-Davis was so distraught, she said, that she could not bring herself to find work for two years. One day, she got a phone call from a concerned Wilson, the former school board member who introduced her to Bush. Wilson, who was Bush’s most ardent opponent when she was in the state legislature and today is a congresswoman, had a new recommendation: “Grab your purse and start working again.”

As she discusses her experience with the school, Wilson-Davis likes to focus on the successes. She estimated at least 85 percent of her students graduated from high school and 40 percent went on to college.

“I don’t think [Bush] was a racist or tried to pimp out these children; that wasn’t his heart,” Wilson-Davis said. “But I think it’s a fair question for a community to want to hold him accountable.

Even so, Wilson-Davis retains warm feelings for Bush. The last time Wilson-Davis texted Bush was in 2011. She hoped to catch up with him during his trip to a majority-black high school in Florida that was excelling on standardized tests.

That day, Bush was sitting in the front row of the auditorium with President Obama. Security stopped her outside. The room was so crowded with so many well-wishers that his past protégée couldn’t get in.

Ed O’Keefe, Steven Rich and Alice Crites in Washington contributed to this report.",1
552,America is criminalizing Black teachers: Atlanta’s cheating scandal and the racist underbelly of education reform,"I am an educator. I am a Black woman who may someday mother a Black child. I have taught other Black mothers’ children. Much of my educational success in elementary school is directly attributable to high performance on standardized tests that caused my white teachers to notice me and intervene on my behalf to get me “tracked” into higher-achieving classrooms. I believe all children deserve access to a good, high-quality, public education.

Therefore, I don’t have to condone cheating in any form (and I don’t) to assert that what has happened in Atlanta to these teachers is a travesty. The pictures that emerged last week of handcuffed Black schoolteachers being led out of Southern courtrooms in one of the country’s largest urban Black school systems were absolutely heartbreaking.

Scapegoating Black teachers for failing in a system that is designed for Black children, in particular, not to succeed is the real corruption here. Since the early 1990s, we have watched the deprofessionalization of teaching, achieved through the proliferation of “teacher fellow” programs and the massive conservative-led effort to defund public education in major urban areas throughout the country. There is no longer a consensus that a good public education — a hallmark of American democracy — should be considered a public good.

Black children have for generations been the primary victims of this continuing social mendacity about the national value of education. More than 51 percent of children who attend public schools live in poverty. In Georgia, the percentage of Black children living in poverty hovers right around 39 percent. For Latino children, the number is consistently over 40 percent. Nationally, the number for Black children is 39 percent, according to most recent data, and 33 percent for Latino youth.

Eighty percent of children in Atlanta Public Schools are Black. Eleven percent are white and 3 percent are Latino. However, only 50 percent of children in Atlanta’s Gifted and Talented programs are Black, whereas 40 percent are white. More disturbingly, 98 percent of all students expelled from Atlanta public schools during the 2009-2010 academic school year were Black.

These numbers taken together paint an abysmal picture of students who are disproportionately poor, over-disciplined, and systematically “tracked” out of high-performing classrooms. And yet we expect teachers to work magic in conditions that are set up for failure.

Lest you think this is merely an Atlanta problem, over at the Crunk Feminist Collective, Susana Morris tells a similar story of attending a predominantly Black high school in Florida with advanced classes that were overwhelmingly white.

Her story mirrors my own. In Louisiana in the 1980s and 1990s, students took two standardized tests. One (the LEAP test) measured basic proficiency and the other (the California Achievement Test) measured more advanced proficiencies. In the third grade, I scored 100 percent on the LEAP test, the only student in my overwhelmingly white class to do so. The teacher Mrs. Callender called me up to the front of the room and bragged about me to all the other students. That same year, on the CAT Test, I scored in the 89 percent percentile.

Meanwhile, I noticed one day during class that several of my white classmates, among them my best friend Amanda, were all mysteriously led out of class and then returned later, with no explanation. When I asked Amanda where she’d been, she said school officials had made her take a test, but she wasn’t clear what for. She never mentioned it again.

The next year, fourth grade, I walked into a classroom and met Beatrice Gaulden, one of only three Black academic teachers I would ever have. With her neon green and yellow Hammer-pants, her penchant for drinking eight tall glasses of water a day, and her strict instructions each morning  — we were not to approach her desk, but rather to wait until she moved to a stool in the front of the room for open discussion time — she was a wonder. Mrs. Gaulden is a character in most of my childhood stories of transformation because she was so pivotal to my own sense of self-worth as an outspoken, bossy, loquacious, bespectacled, ponytailed Black girl in a predominantly white classroom.

Because of Mrs. Gaulden’s instruction, my test scores leaped from the 89th percentile to the 99th percentile within one year of instruction. She never taught to the test. She simply taught.

That year, the Louisiana Gifted and Talented Program came calling for me, as they had called for my friends the year before. I took the battery of tests they offered, no doubt because Mrs. Gaulden had asked them to look at my case. They came back to her (she would tell me years later) and told her that I had not passed the tests. She implored them to rescore my assessment. They came back to her and reported an error in their scoring. (As if.) And so I became a “gifted and talented” student, with even smaller classes, more specialized instruction, early opportunities to take the ACT and SAT, and to travel. I soared with the additional resources provided by the G/T program.

But my educational access was due to one magical Black teacher who saw a spark in me and nurtured it. Mrs. Gaulden nurtured, taught and challenged all her students regardless of race, but she saw in me a Black girl who needed extra guidance, and a little push, and she willingly gave it. Over the past generation, we have watched the GOP, helped along by an impotent Democratic Party, systematically dismantle funding for public education, underpay teachers, and allow local school systems to institute punitive disciplinary measures that have turned our schools into a prison pipeline. At exactly the same moment, these reformers and their political counterparts George W. Bush (No Child Left Behind) and Barack Obama (Race to the Top) have instituted high-stakes testing, tied to financial incentives for teachers, as the solution to the structural risks overwhelmingly facing children of color. Meanwhile, test-cheating scandals have proliferated in locales across the country. In other urban locales like Baltimore, Houston and Philadelphia principals and teachers were fired and/or stripped of their licenses to teach. This is a punishment that fits the crime. Then there’s Michelle Rhee, the famed former chancellor of D.C. Public Schools who was accused of creating the very same culture of fear about test scores that Superintendent Beverly Hall has been accused of creating in Atlanta. Hall was charged with racketeering. So why was Rhee not subject to prosecution when test-score irregularities emerged in the District? (Bruce Dixon was already asking as much two years ago over at Black Agenda Report.) Not only has Rhee not been prosecuted, but she maintains a fairly high level of bipartisan support from conservatives and political centrists for her views on education reform. Hall’s trial was indefinitely postponed last year due to stage IV breast cancer. She died last month at 68 years old. Locking up Black women under the guise of caring about Black children is an unbelievable move in an educational environment that systematically denies both care and opportunity to Black children. Locking up Black women for racketeering when the system couldn’t be bothered to lock up even one of the bankers who gave disproportionate amounts of terrible home loans to Black women leading to a national economic crash and a disproportionate amount of home foreclosures among Black women in 2008 is patently unjust. Given that public schools are largely funded through property taxes and that Black children are overwhelming reared by Black single mothers, the failure to vigorously prosecute the financial institutions and lenders that gutted Black neighborhoods means that the system co-signed corporate acts of institutional violence against Black mothers and children, and against neighborhood schools in Black communities. But now we are expected to believe that prosecuting these teachers as racketeers is an act of justice. Nothing is just about making Black women sacrificial lambs of an educational system hellbent on throwing Black children away. The images of their handcuffed Black bodies being led in shame from the courtroom gives Black parents angry about the miseducation of their children a convenient target for their angst and outrage over a failing system. Meanwhile, the real racket – privatization and defunding of public schools, diversion of taxpayer resources away from education, and increasing political clout and payouts for school reformers proselytizing the false gospel of high stakes testing – gets obscured. And white children still get educated well, either in private schools or in suburban schools funded through a solid property tax base. Everything I am today, I owe to my mother and to a Black teacher who saw a spark in me and nurtured it. For so many exceptionally achieving Black people, a providential encounter with a Black teacher is the singular thing that made the difference. No other group of people systematically and structurally love and care about Black children more than Black mothers and Black (usually female) teachers. They have been the ones holding aloft the banner emblazoned with the revolutionary idea that Black Lives Matter, before it was ever a slogan upon which to build a movement. An attack on Black teachers is an attack on Black children, Black families, and Black communities. We should stand in solidarity with these teachers and these students and say, “Not on our watch.”",1
3320,VA program to provide private care stumbling out of the gate,"A year after explosive accusations that patients had died waiting for appointments at the VA Medical Center in Phoenix, Arizona, the administration’s path to making health care more accessible for America’s veterans remains on shaky ground.

Critics say a program rolled out to give certain veterans the option of government-funded private care is experiencing serious bumps: according to reports, only 27,000 vets have taken advantage of the Choice Card program since it was launched in November.

Technically, to be eligible to see a non-VA doctor, a veteran must be at least 40 miles away from the nearest VA hospital, or have waited at least 30 days for an appointment.

But veterans groups say confusion about eligibility remains the big problem – not everyone qualifies, but some vets who thought they would reported they were turned away. Some say the process isn’t clear, and bureaucratic red tape has led to conflicting messages to veterans about whether or not they can access the system. Others have just gotten responses that weren't very helpful.

Air Force veteran Pat Baughman, for example, told Fox News he lives about 50 miles away from the nearest VA hospital in Bay Springs, Miss. -- approximately a one-hour drive. But when Baughman called the Choice Card phone number last November, he was told to drive more than three hours away to a hospital in Natchez, Miss.

“It didn’t make sense at all. I told them that’s longer than what I’m driving now. So they said they’d get back with me,” Baughman said, adding he received a call the next day and was told to drive to another location instead -- two hours away.

Baughman told FoxNews.com he finally gave up on the program and is using Medicare to pay his medical bills at a local doctor.

He's not alone in his frustration. According to a survey conducted by the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) in February, 80 percent of the 1,068 respondents who believed they were eligible to see a private doctor in lieu of VA care found out they were not. It's unclear whether this is due mostly to misperceptions about the program by veterans, or missteps by VA officials.

“Here we are in March and there is a lot of confusion,” said Garry Augustine, executive director of the Disabled American Veterans (DAV), which is advocating with other major veterans organizations for some clarity in the legislation. “I think when you rush into a new program you are going to have growing pains.”

President Obama made his first visit on Friday to the scandal-scarred Phoenix center and referenced Choice Card -- praising the program, while acknowledging there was more to do in restoring trust in VA programs overall. Congress passed that Choice Card legislation last July, after an inspector general report on mismanagement and manipulation of wait-time data fueled calls for VA reform. The scandal also resulted in the resignation of VA Secretary Eric Shinseki in May.

Cards went out to eligible vets first, and then to all 9 million vets who currently receive VA care as of Aug. 1 -- in case they, too, meet the eligibility standards. It is up to the card holder to call the VA to see if they qualify and if so, they are then sent to a third-party administrator for a list of participating doctors.

One area of confusion is that according to the rules, a veteran must be 40 miles away from the nearest VA -- “as the crow flies.” But this can lead to unequal treatment, since residents in areas with winding roads, or simply crowded roads, could face a longer drive than others.

Augustine said about 500,000 should be eligible under the distance requirements, but the ""as the crow flies"" standard is throwing everything off. He and others are behind legislation that would clarify the rule to accommodate a 40-mile driving distance.

""The VA is construing the eligibility criteria as it relates to the 40-mile rule so narrowly that it is excluding too many who are far away from the care that they need,” wrote a group of senators to VA Secretary Robert McDonald on Feb. 25, urging him to not only consider tweaking the distance requirement, but to look at reports that veterans who need specialty care should be able to access that, even if there is a VA clinic that does not provide specialists within the 40-mile spectrum.

This was a problem for Minnesota veteran Paul Walker, who has cancer. He told local KARE-11 that he was turned down for private care for cancer treatment because there was a VA clinic within 20 miles of his home -- but the closest VA hospital which offers the treatment he needs reportedly is more than 50 miles away.

""I tried using it and I got flatly turned down,"" said Walker, who told the network that at the clinic, ""all they do is dental work there and eye work and some basic kinds of different minor things... but I have cancer stage 4.""

So, he said, ""I don't get a choice. I get to die. So, to me that's not a choice.""

Rep. Tim Huelskamp, R-Kan., has 63 counties and no VA hospital in his district. He also is joining members in moving legislation that could help people like Walker. He told McDonald in a recent hearing that he has been fielding complaints from veterans on this issue, too.

“I got an email by a veteran who drives 340 miles one way for cardiology,” he said. “If the VA choice program can’t provide something closer for him then we have to re-look how we are implementing” the program.

The Choice Card program was allocated $10 billion and is supposed to be temporary until the system gets up to speed with taking care of veterans in house, which would mean getting through the backlogs plaguing the nation’s VA hospitals. Aside from the Choice Card, there are other separate options for veterans to access private care, but veterans have to be referred by the VA directly, said Augustine.

Sen. Jerry Moran, R-Kan., who was one of the senators on the recent letter to McDonald, is sponsoring a bill to clarify the 40-mile rule. He says he doesn’t feel the VA’s heart is into providing private care.

Here is a link to the bill introduction if you want to put it in there:

“The concern I have is that the VA has a mentality against outside care, even in the circumstances of (when veterans) can’t get care within 30 days or within 40 miles,” Moran said in a statement.

For his part, McDonald has said he, too, is not satisfied with the low number of veterans accessing the new program and has agreed the complaints are valid.

“We’re talking about how we can do a better way of marketing it,” he said in the February hearing at the House Veterans Affairs Committee. Further addressing the distance issue in relation to specialty care, he said, “distance from the place where you can’t get the service seems like a relatively weak measure."" As for the “crow flies” issue, “we can look at the 40 miles, change the interpretation ... so we can make the program more robust. I am for whatever it takes to satisfy veterans.”

A representative with the VA did not return a request for comment on Friday.

Augustine says that consistency and communication and anything they can do to end the confusion – whether it is on the VA’s end or the veteran’s – would be helpful.",1
2265,The conservative case for gay marriage,"Led by conservative Justice and Reagan appointee, Anthony Kennedy, the Supreme Court ruled Friday, in a 5-4 decision, in favor of same-sex marriage. Despite the often binary depiction in the media, this decision is in fact a landmark victory for conservative principles. In fact, Friday’s decision is a momentous win for the founding principle of the Republican Party: individual liberty.

Consistent conservatives should frame their views in accordance with the fundamental belief that individuals, not governments, have the right to determine the course of their own lives.

Fellow conservatives, particularly within the Republican Party, typically do a good job arguing against totalitarian, one-size-fits-all approaches to policy. What works for a family in New York City, might not work in Jenison, Michigan, or Tulsa, Oklahoma.

It is for this reason that Republicans and conservatives have embraced issues such as school choice, which gives parents the right to choose the method of schooling that best fits their child’s needs. Parents, not governments, should decide what is best for their family.

Republicans and American conservatives have also been remarkably consistent on taxation. Consistent conservatives believe people should keep more of the money they work so hard to earn—not because the vulnerable don’t deserve assistance, but because individuals can and will make better, and more effective financial and charitable choices with their money than government bureaucrats.

The list of important conservative positions, all relating back to the fundamental principle of individual choice, goes on and on: property rights; freedom of association; and freedom of speech, etc.

But when the topic of gay marriage arises, some conservatives have not been consistent.  The debate on marriage within the Republican Party has been hijacked by those who wish to dictate their beliefs onto others. Rather than professing consistent, conservative beliefs, some within the party have taken to advocating for a remarkably liberal, totalitarian approach.

This hypocrisy has not been lost on the electorate.  Millennials, possibly the most naturally conservative-leaning constituency, laugh at the inconsistencies they hear coming from “conservative” voices on issues like gay marriage.

Republican presidential candidate and Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker is one of those inconsistent conservatives.  Walker immediately lashed out at the Supreme Court’s decision, proposing an astonishingly big-government response. Walker called for a Constitutional Amendment, ensuring that politicians will forever be able to dictate whom one should or should not be able to marry. In other words, Walker wants to cement the will of politicians into our daily lives.

Walker has taken a stunningly liberal position.  As conservative Justice Kennedy wrote in his opinion, “marriage is a keystone of the Nation’s social order. States have contributed to the fundamental character of marriage by placing it at the center of many facets of the legal and social order.” Indeed, marriage today is as much as it has ever been an important, legal contract—one which carries with it profound financial and emotional ramifications.

Walker, and others like him, seem to ignore the real-life implications of contemporary marriage, instead focusing solely on a religious definition of marriage with which they happen to agree.

Walker, like many religious conservatives, confuse civil marriage with the religious blessing of the church or synagogue.  In today’s society, the word marriage means both a government document and a church’s blessing.  To pretend like there is only one definition is to deny reality. Confusing the issue even further, politicians have written the word “marriage” into the tax code, where religious conservatives erroneously assume tax benefits refer to their definition of marriage.

As Justice Kennedy wrote in his decision, “same-sex couples are denied the constellation of benefits that the States have linked to marriage and are consigned to an instability many opposite-sex couples would find intolerable.” If this “constellation of benefits” was intended only for those wed under the auspices of the church, what right would opposite-sex couples married on the courthouse steps have to it? The answer is clearly that politicians didn’t mean that one must have a blessed union to jointly file their taxes.

Republicans who profess their admiration for individual liberty—for the power and freedom of choice and laissez faire—must stay consistent.

The only true conservative position, the individual right of marriage for all, has been affirmed by the Supreme Court. It’s time for consistent conservatives to come out in favor of the Court's ruling.

Richard Grenell is a  Fox News Contributor. He served as the spokesman for four U.S. Ambassadors to the U.N. including John Negroponte, John Danforth, John Bolton and Zalmay Khalilzad. Follow him on Twitter@RichardGrenell.",1
2148,Earth had warmest winter on record,"The Earth just had its warmest winter on record, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced Wednesday.

Winter is defined as the months of December, January and February in the Northern Hemisphere, and 90% of the world's population lives in the Northern Hemisphere. Those months are summer in the Southern Hemisphere.

Specifically, the Northern Hemisphere had its warmest winter on record, and the Southern Hemisphere had its fourth-warmest summer.

It's also the warmest year-to-date on record, NOAA said. February itself was the second-warmest February on record.

Temperatures for December–February beat the previous winter record in 2007 by 0.05 degrees, NOAA's National Climatic Data Center reported. Global temperature records go back to 1880.

One of the planet's only land areas that had a cooler-than-average winter was eastern North America, which includes the eastern United States and eastern Canada.

Areas that saw record warmth those three months include the western U.S. and part of central Siberia and eastern Mongolia.

A separate global temperature measurement from NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, released Tuesday, said it was the second-warmest winter on record for those three months.

Some of the warmer-than-average temperatures over the winter are because of a nascent El Niño —- a climate pattern when warm sea-surface temperatures in the Pacific influence weather around the world.

The warming effects El Niño increase the chances that this year could end up being the warmest on record — beating out the 2014 record.",1
665,"As Clinton moves to brink of nomination, Sanders eyes California upset","While Hillary Clinton moved to the brink of clinching the Democratic presidential nomination with weekend wins in Caribbean contests – and could pass the milestone with a victory Tuesday evening in New Jersey – polls show Bernie Sanders still could deliver a symbolic wound by taking the Democratic stronghold of California.

Several recent polls have shown the Vermont senator closing Clinton’s lead in California and bringing the race into toss-up territory. The latest, from CBS News, showed Clinton up just 2 points over Sanders, 49-47 percent.

The same poll gave Clinton a comfortable double-digit lead in New Jersey, which is voting Tuesday alongside California and four other states in the last major primary day of the year.

Thanks to strong victories for the Democratic front-runner over the weekend in the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, she is now in striking distance of the nomination -- 26 delegates short of the 2,383 needed to win, according to an Associated Press count. New Jersey could put her over the top Tuesday evening, before California even wraps up.

But an after-the-fact victory for Sanders in the Golden State would nevertheless be a blow to Clinton, who is trying to not only clinch the nomination but unify the party and nudge Sanders out of the race for good. A California win could energize Sanders and his supporters and encourage him to follow through on vows to take his fight all the way to the convention.

In a sign of what’s at stake, both candidates were barnstorming California ahead of Tuesday’s elections.

As the Puerto Rico race was called, Clinton was on stage in Sacramento, rallying voters in California.

Clinton captured at least 33 of the 60 delegates at stake in Puerto Rico. Sanders garnered at least 20, with seven outstanding. Clinton has 1,809 pledged delegates won in primaries and caucuses; Sanders has 1,520. When including superdelegates, her lead over Sanders is substantial -- 2,357 to 1,566.

The former New York senator and secretary of state is all but certain to secure the Democratic nomination Tuesday, when six states hold primaries in which a total of 694 delegates are available.

Like Clinton, Sanders made little mention of the outcome in Puerto Rico's primary. He said during an evening rally in San Diego that Democratic leaders should take notice that the ""energy and grassroots activism"" that will be crucial to the party in the fall ""is with us, not Hillary Clinton.""

He pointed to polls showing him faring better than Clinton in head-to-head matchups with Trump and his strength among Democratic voters under the age of 45.

""If the Democratic leadership wants a campaign that will not only retain the White House but regain the Senate and win governors' chairs all across this country, we are that campaign,"" he said.

While those watching the results in Puerto Rico focused on their impact on the race for the Democratic nomination, the focus of many voters on the island was its ongoing economic crisis.

Both Sanders and Clinton had pledged to help as the island's government tries to restructure $70 billion worth of public debt the governor has said is unpayable.

Two weeks before the primary, Sanders criticized a rescue deal negotiated by U.S. House leaders and the Obama administration as having colonial overtones. In a letter to fellow Senate Democrats, Sanders said the House bill to create a federal control board and allow some restructuring of the territory's $70 billion debt would make ""a terrible situation even worse.""

He later promised to introduce his own legislation to help the island. Campaigning on the island last month, Sanders promised to fight against ""vulture funds"" on Wall Street that he said would profit off the fiscal crisis.

""That bill is anti-democratic and it's not in the best interest of Puerto Rico,"" said Jorge Gaskins, a 67-year-old farmer who supports Sanders and opposes a control board.

Clinton has said she has serious concerns about the board's powers, but believes the legislation should move forward, or ""too many Puerto Ricans will continue to suffer.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
2091,"Warming of oceans due to climate change is unstoppable, say US scientists","The warming of the oceans due to climate change is now unstoppable after record temperatures last year, bringing additional sea-level rise, and raising the risks of severe storms, US government climate scientists said on Thursday.

The annual State of the Climate in 2014 report, based on research from 413 scientists from 58 countries, found record warming on the surface and upper levels of the oceans, especially in the North Pacific, in line with earlier findings of 2014 as the hottest year on record.

Global sea-level also reached a record high, with the expansion of those warming waters, keeping pace with the 3.2 ± 0.4 mm per year trend in sea level growth over the past two decades, the report said.



Scientists said the consequences of those warmer ocean temperatures would be felt for centuries to come – even if there were immediate efforts to cut the carbon emissions fuelling changes in the oceans.



“I think of it more like a fly wheel or a freight train. It takes a big push to get it going but it is moving now and will contiue to move long after we continue to pushing it,” Greg Johnson, an oceanographer at Noaa’s Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory, told a conference call with reporters.



“Even if we were to freeze greenhouse gases at current levels, the sea would actually continue to warm for centuries and millennia, and as they continue to warm and expand the sea levels will continue to rise,” Johnson said.



On the west coast of the US, freakishly warm temperatures in the Pacific – 4 or 5F above normal – were already producing warmer winters, as well as worsening drought conditions by melting the snowpack, he said.



The extra heat in the oceans was also contributing to more intense storms, Tom Karl, director of Noaa’s National Centers for Environmental Information, said.



The report underlined 2014 as a banner year for the climate, setting record or near record levels for temperature extremes, and loss of glaciers and sea ice, and reinforcing decades-old pattern to changes to the climate system.



Four independent data sets confirmed 2014 as the hottest year on record, with much of that heat driven by the warming of the oceans.

Globally 90% of the excess heat caused by the rise in greenhouse gas emissions is absorbed by the oceans.

More than 20 countries in Europe set new heat records, with Africa, Asia and Australia also experiencing near-record heat. The east coast of North America was the only region to experience cooler than average conditions.



Alaska experienced temperatures 18F warmer than average. Spring break-up came to the Arctic 20-30 days earlier than the 20th century average.



“The prognosis is to expect a continuation of what we have seen,” Karl said.

",1
4438,"Iran's leader rejects foreign access to military sites, scientists","Iran's supreme leader vowed Wednesday he will not allow international inspection of Iran's military sites or access to Iranian scientists under any nuclear agreement with world powers.

Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told military commanders Wednesday that Iran will resist ""coercion and excessive demands"" from America and other world powers.

Negotiators from Iran and a six nation group — the U.S., Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany — have launched a new round of talks in Vienna focused on reaching a final deal that curbs Iran's nuclear program in return for lifting economic sanctions. The two sides reached a framework agreement in March and hope to strike a final deal by June 30.

A fact sheet on the framework accord issued by the U.S. State Department said Iran would be required to grant the U.N. nuclear agency access to any ""suspicious sites.""

But Khamenei indicated that the Americans are increasing their demands that international inspection of Iran's military sites and interviews with Iranian scientists be included in the final deal.

""The impudent and brazen enemy expects that we allow them talk to our scientists and researchers about a fundamental local achievement but no such permission will be allowed,"" Khamenei told military commanders in Tehran Wednesday, in remarks broadcast on state TV. ""No inspection of any military site or interview with nuclear scientists will be allowed.""

Khamenei said interviewing Iranian nuclear scientists would be an affront to Iran's dignity.

""I will not allow foreigners to interview — which is tantamount to interrogation — the prominent beloved scientists and sons of this nation,"" he said.

Ali Akbar Velayati, a senior adviser to Khamenei, was quoted by Iranian media this week as accusing the Americans of changing their position and toughening their stance as the deadline approaches.

""They insist on crossing (our) red lines. This turns into an obstacle,"" Velayati was quoted as saying",1
2016,Is Jeb Bush conservative enough?,"Washington (CNN) He cut billions in taxes, intervened in controversial abortion cases, railed against affirmative action and gun control and dreamed of a state capital in which government buildings would forever be drained of unneeded workers.

Yet the biggest barrier between former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and the White House may be a perception that -- despite his record -- he's not conservative enough for today's Republicans.

""Many things he's said have rubbed conservatives raw,"" said Morton Blackwell, a Republican National Committee member from Virginia, who said a lot of base voters were particularly suspicious of Bush's departures from party orthodoxy on education and immigration.

Bush's presidential hopes are complicated by multiple factors. As the son and brother of former presidents, he's undeniably part of an establishment that is loathed in many corners of the GOP base. The party has also shifted rightward in the years since he left office under the influence of the tea party, and activists have embraced populist conservatives like Sarah Palin and Ted Cruz.

But Bush, 61, is also facing an uphill battle because his time running Florida seems fuzzy to many people -- particularly GOP primary voters. That's in part because he has yet to highlight the most conservative aspects of his 1999 to 2007 governorship. And the issues that he's most vocal about -- the Common Core education standards and immigration reform -- are the positions that most infuriate conservatives.

Glenn McCall, a South Carolina RNC member, says activists in his state aren't interested in Bush's record.

Whether he talks about it or not, Bush's legacy in Florida will come under sharper scrutiny as he makes moves to launch a presidential campaign. That's especially true if Mitt Romney mounts a third White House bid and campaigns to Bush's right.

Bush will mark a rite of passage for Republican presidential candidates next Wednesday by addressing the Detroit Economic Club. Ahead of that speech, he's beginning to make the kind of arguments for small government that closely echo his rhetoric from his days in Florida.

""Our government gets in the way each and every day,"" he said in a speech in San Francisco last week. ""It is time to challenge every aspect of how government works, how it taxes, how it regulates, how it spends.""

Those who know Bush believe his record in Florida could be a tool to blunt attacks from conservatives and lay to rest -- once and for all -- the idea that he isn't one of them.

""He was in no way a moderate,"" said Florida political strategist Mike Hanna, who advised Bush during his gubernatorial runs. ""After Governor Bush gets out there and starts to introduce himself to the voters of Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina and other states, I think they will realize ... he is a card-carrying, unabashed, capitalist conservative.""

John Dowless, who headed the Christian Coalition in the Sunshine State while Bush was governor, said ""there is no question that Jeb Bush was and is a conservative. There never was a question in Florida.""

But talking about that conservatism hasn't always come easy to Bush.

During his first gubernatorial campaign in 1994, his attempts to demonstrate his politics were brash and sometimes clumsy.

Not only did he advocate for abolishing the Department of Education, for voter approval of all new taxes, and ""privatization in every area where privatization is possible,"" he also suggested welfare reforms that would have cut recipients' access to benefits after two years.

His 1994 pronouncements on gay rights haunt his image to this day.

During that failed first campaign, he argued in the Miami Herald that there was no need for ""special categories"" to protect members of the gay and lesbian community. Should ""sodomy be elevated to the same constitutional status as race and religion?"" he asked in one controversial line. ""My answer is no.""

Bush's narrow loss that year to popular Democratic Gov. Lawton Chiles prompted deep self-reflection before his next try in 1998. He later admitted he had run with ""unvarnished conservative views"" and needed to become a better storyteller. By the time he left office after two terms he was more comfortable laying out his conservative vision -- and he had approval ratings of over 60%.

Bush's politics also evolved after his conversion to Catholicism, his wife's religion, in the mid-1990s, which strengthened his resolve on issues like abortion.

In 2009, after leaving office, he explained that he admired ""the fact that the Catholic Church believes in and acts on absolute truth as its foundational principles and doesn't move with modern times as my former religion did.""

He also spoke disapprovingly of politicians who put their religion ""in a safety deposit box"" while in office. In San Francisco, he said his faith gave him ""serenity"" and was hugely important during tough times as governor.

Perhaps the most controversial aspect of Bush's record in Florida is his use of muscular executive power on social issues that are important to conservatives.

Backed by a pliant Republican legislature, he vigorously sought restrictions on abortion while governor -- from a ban on late-term procedures to a constitutional amendment that would circumvent the courts, which had struck down a law requiring girls notify their parents before getting an abortion.

Bush's abortion activism shocked some state officials who believed he was reaching beyond the powers of his office.

In 2003, Bush unsuccessfully tried to get the courts to appoint a guardian for the fetus of a 22-year-old disabled woman with cerebral palsy and autism, who became pregnant after being raped by an operator of a state-supervised group home.

In 2005, he intervened in the case of 13-year-old girl, known as L.G., who was a ward of the state and was 13½ weeks pregnant when she tried to get an abortion. Bush fought hard to prevent the procedure, but was overruled by a judge.

Shortly after those episodes Bush told Republicans at the 2005 Georgia GOP convention that ""there is such a thing as right and wrong.""

""Republicans cannot continue to win unless we talk with compassion and passion about absolute truth,"" he said.

That principle clearly guided Bush's extraordinary intervention in the case of Terri Schiavo, a mentally impaired woman deemed in a ""chronic vegetative state."" Schiavo's parents, Bob and Mary Schindler -- with aid from then-Governor Bush -- repeatedly tried to prevent Schiavo's husband from removing her feeding tube to end her life.

After five years of litigation in 2003, Bush tried to get a different court-appointed guardian for Schiavo and filed a friend of the court brief to block removal of the feeding tube. He lost that round, but then persuaded the legislature to pass a law giving him the power to prevent a feeding tube or hydration device from being removed from a patient who had not laid out their end-of-life directives.

In the midst of the debate, Bush proclaimed that he was ""probably the most pro-life governor in modern times,"" according to Associated Press reports.

After the feeding tube was reinserted, Michael Schiavo's attorney railed against the ""gross and illegal intrusion into the private liberty of citizens"" and the Florida Supreme Court ruled that hastily drafted state law was unconstitutional. The Florida governor kept pushing the case through all possible avenues, including action by Congress and then-President George W. Bush. Ultimately, he lost.

In polls, many Florida voters said they felt Bush had gone too far, but his actions were based on ""personal and religious tenets from which he could not retreat,"" said Mac Stipanovich, a Republican political strategist who advised Bush during the 1994 campaign.

Those battles suggest that he is unlikely to back away from his positions on controversial issues like immigration and Common Core, even during a heated presidential campaign.

Bush ""will change his mind about stuff, but it is grudgingly, fact-based and he really thinks about it,"" Stipanovich said. ""He seldom looks for the path of least resistance.""

While Bush's Catholicism looms large in his social policy, his economic approach is molded by his lifetime immersion in top-level Republican politics.

Jeb Bush closely observed President Ronald Reagan, a conservative icon who he later termed ""spectacular,"" when his father was vice president. In office in Florida, Bush took as his model Reagan's mantra that government was not the solution to America's problems, but the problem itself.

During his second inaugural address in 2003, he gazed out at government offices and said ""there would be no greater tribute to our maturity as a society than if we make these buildings around us empty of workers, silent monuments to a time when government played a larger role than it deserved or could adequately fill.""

Over the course of eight years, Bush signed into law $19 billion in tax cuts. He sought to privatize key government providers, including foster care, state parks and even legal aid to death row prisoners. His business-friendly state's bonds were top-rated.

He reshaped Florida by wiping out 13,000 government jobs and vetoing $2 billion in new spending, an economic approach influenced by the conservative gospels of Milton Friedman. He enforced conservative solutions on taxes, gun control, dismantling affirmative action in universities, taking on teachers unions over testing and performance.

But despite all this, Bush faces an important question as he embarks on a presidential run: Will he get a hearing among grassroots activists who view his support for immigration reform as akin to amnesty for illegal immigrants and his backing of Common Core as an unacceptable embrace of state power?

""Is there enough space in our media environment in the Republican primaries for people to listen to his entire record?"" asked Matthew Corrigan, author of a new book on Bush's tenure in Florida, ""Conservative Hurricane."" Or ""will his opponents be able to yell amnesty and federal government control of education and not pay attention to anything else?""

Blackwell said he believed that it would simply not be possible for Bush to convince the base he truly has the conscience of a conservative.

""We've been down this road repeatedly before with members of his family who ran like they were going to be movement conservatives,"" he said. ""But his father broke the no new taxes pledge and his brother expanded federal programs in various directions, which conservatives didn't like.""

Tea party supporters, who could be important in some early voting states like Iowa and South Carolina, are also worried that the former Florida governor not only does not reflect their views -- but is not listening to them. They warn a ticket topped by Bush could face lukewarm Republican turnout in a general election.

Laurie Newsom, president of the Gainesville, Florida, Tea Party, noted that many in the grass roots were disappointed by the performance of Republicans who had professed their conservative fiscal bona fides -- like President George W. Bush -- and had unhappily accepted previous GOP nominees, John McCain and Mitt Romney.

""We have held our noses and voted in '08 and '12,"" Newsom said. ""Jeb Bush -- he hasn't got a prayer. Poor Jeb has clouds hanging over his head right now.""

But Bush is warning that the Republican Party simply will not win in 2016 if it does not offer a positive vision for the future, despite boiling conservative resentment at Washington.

""We are not going to win votes as Republicans unless you lay out a hopeful, optimistic message,"" he said in San Francisco. ""A positive agenda wins out against anger and reaction every day of the week.""",1
1968,"For Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney, a history of ambition fuels a possible 2016 collision","Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney have much in common. Both were pragmatic as governors, mild-mannered as candidates and more comfortable balancing budgets at their desks than clinking glasses at a political dinner.

The two Republican leaders’ personal rapport is cordial. But they are hardly chummy — and at moments their relationship has been strained, with each man’s intertwined political network carrying some grievances with the other’s.

As Bush, 61, and Romney, 67, explore presidential campaigns in 2016, they are like boxers warming up for what could become a brutal bout, sizing each other up and mulling whether or when to step into the ring.

Their early maneuvering reveals a level of competitiveness and snippiness that stems from a long history following similar career paths in business and politics prescribed by their dynastic families.

“We’re seeing the first shots of the war between clan Romney and clan Bush,” said Alex Castellanos, a Republican strategist who has worked for both men. “Both bring to the battle incredibly powerful fan clubs as well as wounds they have to heal. How ugly could it get? You’re only competing to lead the free world.”

Bush has been trying to consolidate support among establishment donors, leaders and operatives since announcing in December that he would begin laying the groundwork for a likely campaign.

“The Bush connection is a centrifugal force, and it’s drawing back a whole generation of public servants and politicos,” said former Utah governor Jon Huntsman, one of Romney’s 2012 opponents.

But on Friday, Romney sought to slam the brakes on Bush, telling about 30 powerful donors that he, too, was seriously considering a 2016 bid. “I want to be president,” he said, adding that his wife, Ann, was supportive.

Romney has begun methodically calling donors, staff members and endorsers from his two prior campaigns to measure how deep his reservoir of support would be if he runs for a third time, his advisers said. He also has scheduled a series of public speeches, including a Jan. 28 address at Mississippi State University.

The entry of both Bush and Romney is far from certain, and Romney’s dalliance is preliminary. But the prospect of two center-right heavyweights entering a 2016 field likely to be fluid, crowded and diverse forces other contenders and the party’s stable of donors to adjust their thinking.

“Awkward,” was the reaction from several past Romney supporters when they learned he was weighing a 2016 campaign. If both he and Bush run, they would occupy similar space as favorites of the party brass and business community.

“The abundance of great candidates developing on the Republican side is making life very tough for me because I’m going to have to choose amongst friends,” said former New Hampshire governor John H. Sununu, who was White House chief of staff under Bush’s father but a top campaign surrogate for Romney.

But, Sununu added, “it’s applesauce right now. Let’s not try to pick up applesauce and move it to the other side of the plate.”

The two candidates would invite comparisons to each other, which could be tense for Bush, who was sharply critical of Romney’s 2012 campaign — in particular, his lack of outreach to minorities — and has pledged to run a more inclusive and transparent campaign.

“A Romney-Bush race could end up being nastier than Jeb against someone like Ted Cruz or Rand Paul,” Bill Kristol, editor of the Weekly Standard, said of the Texas and Kentucky senators. “A Cruz-Bush race is pretty straightforward and ideological. A Romney-Bush race would be more personal — about whose turn it is and who is owed it.”

Associates of both men insist there is no animosity between them and that each will make his decision about a 2016 run irrespective of the other.

“Governor Bush respects Governor Romney,” said Bush spokeswoman Kristy Campbell, who worked on Romney’s 2012 campaign. “His process moving forward won’t be impacted by Governor Romney’s decision to explore a run — and I would assume it is the same on the reverse side.”

Beth Myers, a longtime adviser to Romney, said he and Bush have been friends since 2002, when Romney was elected to his first term as Massachusetts governor and Bush to his second as Florida governor.

“Mitt has great respect for Jeb’s ability and integrity, and they’ve worked together many times over the years to promote conservative principles,” Myers said. “At the end of the day, whatever decision Mitt makes about running for president, I’m 100 percent certain he will still value and maintain his friendship with Jeb.”

Mitt and Ann Romney also have nurtured a friendship with Bush’s parents, former president George H.W. Bush and his wife, Barbara. In 2007, when Romney gave a personal speech on his Mormon faith, which had become a touchy issue with evangelical Christian voters, he did so at the George Bush Presidential Library in College Station, Tex., where he was warmly introduced by the 41st president.

Working on Romney’s 2008 primary campaign were several Jeb Bush lieutenants: Sally Bradshaw, Bush’s longtime political adviser; Ann Herberger, a Miami-based fundraiser; and Al Cardenas, a fixture in Florida Republican politics. All three stayed out of Romney’s 2012 campaign, although Cardenas, then the chairman of the American Conservative Union, endorsed him as the primaries were ending.

The Bush-Romney family dynamic has been one of intrigue and ambition, dating at least to the 1950s, when Romney’s father, George Romney, then president of American Motors, was striving to make political connections as he eyed a run for office.

In 1957, Romney wrote a letter to Prescott Bush, Jeb’s grandfather then serving in the Senate from Connecticut, urging him to test-drive a Rambler or a Metropolitan. Both were popular AMC models, and Romney told Bush the latter got 40 miles to the gallon, according to car-industry historian Patrick R. Foster’s book “The Metropolitan Story.” But, Foster writes, it remains unknown whether the efforts resulted in a sale — or even if Romney’s solicitation drew any notice in Bush’s office.

In recent weeks, Mitt Romney and Jeb Bush have been quietly trying to ascertain the other’s motives and playbook. Bush has asked Romney’s former donors about what Romney is up to, while Romney met shortly before Christmas with Bush strategist Mike Murphy and inquired about Bush’s preparations, according to political consultants who know Romney and Bush.

Romney has said little publicly about Bush, but in exchanges with intimates, he has focused on Bush’s past advisory work for Lehman Brothers and Barclays, two major financial institutions. He argued that it makes Bush vulnerable to the same kind of Democratic attacks that he faced in 2012 over his career as Bain Capital co-founder and chief executive. He also has voiced doubts about Bush’s political skills and ability to beat likely Democratic candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton.

Ana Navarro, a GOP operative and Bush confidant, said: “I’m not going to get worked up over comments Romney has allegedly made to donors behind closed doors — yet. We all know he sometimes misspeaks.”

Bush has vowed to more vigorously defend his business record than Romney did. Comparing their careers is like “comparing an apple to a peanut,” Bush said in a December interview with a Miami television station.

Those comments irritated Romney’s family and loyalists, who took them as a slight against his career managing a complicated enterprise on a scale far larger than Bush’s business dealings, according to Romney associates.

Bush also is considering releasing a decade or more of his tax returns after Romney faced heat for only reluctantly releasing two years of his returns. And Bush has advocated a more welcoming message on immigration reform than Romney’s hard-right position, which he criticized in 2012.

“He got sucked into other people’s agendas, and I think it hurt him a little bit,” Bush said in the TV interview. He added, “Winning with purpose, winning with meaning, winning with your integrity is what I’m trying to talk about.”

Before announcing his 2012 campaign, Romney, sensing that immigration policy would be a contentious issue in the primaries, sought Bush’s advice.

“I went to see Jeb, I flew down to see him, and said: ‘I’d like to take immigration off the issue list for the primaries. And wouldn’t it be great if Republicans could come up with an immigration plan that all of the contenders could say, yeah, I agree. And then we could sweep that aside,’ ” Romney told The Washington Post’s Dan Balz in an interview for his book “Collision 2012.”

“We were unable to get there,” Romney continued. “I mean, there just wasn’t enough consensus among Republicans generally.”

As Bush and Romney explore a run, whispering into their ears are two political professionals with big egos, eccentric personalities and a long-simmering rivalry: Romney’s Stuart Stevens and Bush’s Murphy. They are fierce competitors with roots in each other’s turf. Stevens worked on George W. Bush’s presidential campaigns, while Murphy worked on Romney’s 2002 gubernatorial campaign.

Members of Bush’s team have not forgotten Stevens’s role in Bush’s 1994 gubernatorial race, which became Bush’s lowest point politically. Stevens advised one of Bush’s primary opponents, Jim Smith, who waged a bruising TV ad assault against Bush over his business experience and character.

“This begins the destruction of Jeb Bush,” Stevens told the New York Times as the ads began. Bush won the primary, but he didn’t win the governorship until four years later.

During the 2012 campaign, Murphy mocked Stevens on Twitter as Romney struggled in the primaries against relatively weak opponents. More recently, Romney backers have been murmuring fresh questions about Murphy’s work for the political action committee of former New York mayor Michael R. Bloomberg (I), who is anathema to the conservative base.

Some Romney allies are bitter that Bush was slow to endorse Romney in 2012. In the run-up to the Florida primary, with Romney fighting to beat back a surge from Newt Gingrich, Bush sat on the sidelines when Romney’s team thought he could have made a difference. Romney called, e-mailed and met privately with Bush to try to win him over, but he could not be convinced.

“I voted absentee,” Bush said on CNN. “And thank God it’s a secret ballot.”

Romney won Florida nevertheless, and by the time Bush announced his endorsement, on March 21, the day after Romney’s decisive victory in the Illinois primary, the nomination was all but officially his.

Bush called Romney on his cellphone, with no tip-off from an emissary, and their talk was brief, according to aides. Back at headquarters, advisers were pleased by the news, but grumbling still, wondering why it had taken so long.",1
3245,What will Republicans do when they take full control of Congress?,"Republicans taking control of Congress this coming week will try to overcome their reputation as a divided party hobbled by infighting by working to reshape policy in ways that Americans will feel in corporate boardrooms, on factory floors and at the gas pump.

Incoming committee chairmen are preparing fresh oversight of federal agencies while rank-and-file members will be encouraged to use a new budget plan and government spending bills to chip away at President Obama’s environmental regulations, health-care reform and outreach to Cuba and Iran.

After years of sparring with the White House, Republicans are eager to demonstrate productivity and some level of bipartisan ­cooperation with Obama and the Democrats. Public disgust with Washington gridlock remains high, and with the 2016 presidential campaign beginning in earnest, broader voter interest — especially among independents and Democrats — could put recent GOP gains at risk in less than two years.

“On the things where we agree, the goal will be to make a law, not just put something on [Obama’s] desk,” incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said in an interview, adding later: “I want to make it clear: Desire for a signature is not going to dictate everything that we do.”

Securing final passage of bills will require McConnell and House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) to compromise with Democrats while holding together their own ranks, which have clashed repeatedly over issues such as spending and immigration. Many GOP leaders hope that their differences can be set aside in favor of legislative wins.

The House and Senate formally reconvene Tuesday. New members will be sworn in and top leaders and committee chairmen formally installed on a day steeped in tradition and ceremony.

Boehner and McConnell will be backed by larger GOP majorities: 246 Republicans in the House — the party’s largest majority since just after World War II — and 54 GOP senators, an impressive gain but short of the 60 votes required to overcome most procedural hurdles that Democrats will have at their disposal.

In the Senate, the rebranding effort will begin with energy policy.

McConnell plans to start his tenure as Senate majority leader with a “full-throated” debate on national energy policy, ranging from a new oil pipeline to additional oil exploration. He has also promised consideration of liberal alternatives.

McConnell wants to use the controversial proposal to authorize construction of the Keystone XL pipeline as the gen­esis for a free-wheeling Senate debate about the United States’ energy future, in which both sides will have the opportunity to offer and debate more expansive energy issues than the narrow pipeline proposal.

“We can treat this like a serious and significant energy debate,” McConnell said in an interview before Christmas in his Capitol office.

Obama has resisted GOP efforts to authorize the pipeline, but dozens of moderate congressional Democrats support the bill and a broader energy debate.

Other Democrats are skeptical of McConnell’s plans.

“The $64,000 question as to whether the Congress can get anything done is which way the Republican leadership goes,” Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) said in an interview Saturday. “If they let the tea party pull them to the right into the path of negativity and obstruction, we’ll get nothing done.”

Sen. John Hoeven (R-N.D.), a lead author of the Keystone bill, said that Republicans plan to consider proposals allowing the export of liquefied natural gas; to give state governments greater power to oversee hydraulic fracturing; and to restrict the federal government’s role in the construction of cross-border gas pipelines.

“I don’t think we have an energy bill that doesn’t have a Democratic co-sponsor on it,” he said. “Because at the end of the day you’ve got to get at least 60 votes” to clear procedural hurdles.

The open process is part of McConnell’s effort to live up to his pledge to restore the Senate’s grand tradition of free and full debate, while also advancing conservative causes. A skilled practitioner in the use of the Senate’s arcane procedural rules to move or block legislation, McConnell has pledged to use those rules to score conservative wins. He has been coaching GOP senators that their most likely path to wins will come on the annual spending bills for the federal government — which Republicans have routinely opposed on the grounds that they spend too much taxpayer money.

Other party leaders echo those sentiments. “I think a majority [of Republicans] recognize that we have to govern responsibly,” said Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), who will become chairman of the Armed Services Committee. “We have to show that we can be a productive party, and that, I think, will have a direct effect on whether we’re able to elect a Republican as president in 2016.”

But now, with control of the House and Senate, Republicans have more leeway to attach policy riders to spending bills that will restrict federal agencies in their oversight of environmental, labor and other regulations. These still may draw presidential vetoes, but McConnell believes that Republicans will have leverage to get some restrictions included, just as the mammoth spending measure approved last month included language sought by Wall Street firms making risky trades.

In the House, most of the early weeks will seem like a do-over of the past two years — except that many of the bills passed will get swifter Senate consideration.

Up first is a veterans employment bill that passed last year with bipartisan support, according to senior leadership aides. There is also a bill to loosen work requirements set by the Affordable Care Act and a similar bill to authorize the Keystone pipeline.

The second week of January will be devoted to a new spending plan for the Department of Homeland Security. The spending bill funds DHS only until the end of February, a move designed to give Republicans more time to craft a legislative response to Obama’s decision to change immigration policy through executive actions. But no specific proposals have emerged, the aides said.

Then there are the investigations into alleged wrongdoing at agencies including the Internal Revenue Service, the Justice Department and the Environmental Protection Agency.

“There are issues that haven’t been resolved,” said Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), the new chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.

He is launching subcommittees to closely track Obama’s energy and environmental policies and created “administrative rules,” a panel that will “try to figure out what the administration is doing next with its rule-making authority. We’re going to jump on those as fast as we possibly can,” he said.

Before the work begins, Boehner is expected to face another leadership challenge. After he survived a close call two years ago, conservative blogs and radio shows are actively supporting another effort to unseat him.

Presuming that the 434 currently seated House members show up to vote Tuesday and that all Democrats vote against him, at least 28 of the 246 Republicans also would need to vote against Boehner to deny him the gavel. (The 435th House seat is held by Rep. Michael G. Grimm (R-N.Y.), who plans to resign Monday after recently pleading guilty to tax evasion charges.)

Rep. Walter B. Jones (R-N.C.), who opposed Boehner two years ago, said in a recent radio interview that he’ll do it again, adding that at least 16 to 18 Republican members might vote against the speaker. Among them is Rep. Jim Bridenstine (R-Okla.), who said Friday that he will vote against the speaker because the spending bill passed last month didn’t fully strip DHS of its funding.

Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.), a Boehner ally, said in an interview that “I expect a few scattered ‘no’ votes. But because Boehner has been strengthened by the gains in the election, the speaker election should mostly be an uneventful coronation.”

The opening weeks of the new Congress are also expected to include the confirmation of Ashton Carter, Obama’s pick to lead the Pentagon, and Loretta Lynch to be the next attorney general. Concerns with Iran are also expected to be an early focus. The Obama administration persuaded Senate Democrats last year to hold off debating a bipartisan proposal authorizing stronger sanctions against the Iranian regime.

But Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), the incoming chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, said, “My guess is fairly early on in some form or fashion the Senate’s going to want to weigh in on Iran.”

Corker also plans to launch “a rigorous hearing process” on Obama’s decision to restore diplomatic relations with Cuba. Republicans have threatened to block funding for a new embassy in Havana and confirmation of a new ambassador to Cuba. But Obama could veto spending bills that include such restrictions, sparking a showdown over whether the GOP is willing to shutter parts of the government over a new Cuba policy.

In 2016, Republicans will be defending at least 24 Senate seats and about a dozen first-term House members from swing districts around the country. Party leaders have a political imperative to govern and avoid short-term fights with Obama.

“We will see if there is an opportunity for a fourth quarter for President Obama that actually moves the country in the direction we’d like to go,” said Sen. Roger Wicker (R-Miss.), who also will be responsible for helping reelect GOP senators in 2016.

“Reagan did it a generation ago working with Democrats. Clinton did it almost two decades ago with welfare reform and deficit reduction,” he said. “So it can be done — if the president is disposed to move in that direction.”",1
609,Exclusive: Hillary may delay campaign,"“Trump's plan to repair our infrastructure is a scam,"" Sanders declares.",1
1228,Trump finally went too far for Republicans,"Donald Trump finally made some bold and provocative claims that were largely true, and the Republican Party finally closed ranks to attack him.

Saying Mexican immigrants are rapists didn't do it. Calling for a return of torture didn't do it. Calling for a ban on Muslim immigration didn't do it. Raising questions about Barack Obama's status as an American citizen didn't do it. Pretending that thousands of Muslims in New Jersey cheered 9/11 didn't do it.

So what did? Trump said that invading Iraq was a disaster, that the country was misled into invading Iraq by the Bush administration, and that the claim that Bush kept the country safe from terrorism is ridiculous because 9/11 happened on his watch.

It was a bizarre and telling moment, in which the battered forces of the Republican establishment finally picked themselves up off the floor specifically in order to defend some of its least defensible conduct of the 21st century.

""They lied,"" Trump said. ""They said there were weapons of mass destruction and there were none. And they knew there were none. There were no weapons of mass destruction.""

""While Donald Trump was building a reality TV show,"" Jeb Bush retorted, ""my brother was building a security apparatus to keep us safe. And I'm proud of what he did.""

Then Trump cut in with his uppercut: ""The World Trade Center came down during your brother's reign. Remember that?""

A chorus of boos echoed forth from the crowd packed with establishment Republicans by the state party. Even better for Bush, Marco Rubio — in most respects his most deadly rival in the primary — stepped in to back him up.

""I just want to say, at least on behalf of me and my family, I thank God all the time it was George W. Bush in the White House on 9/11, and not Al Gore,"" he said. According to Rubio, the president to blame for 9/11 was not the president who was in office on 9/11; it was the guy who left office nine months earlier. ""The World Trade Center came down because Bill Clinton didn’t kill Osama bin Laden when he had the chance to kill him.""

The audience loved this, and were mightily displeased when Trump observed: ""George Bush had the chance also, and he didn't listen to the advice of his CIA.""

I won't even hazard a guess as to whether this double-sided exchange helped or hurt Trump. Watching it on television, you'd think Republicans there hated everything he had to say. But the reality is that the in-studio audience was hand-picked by the state party and seemingly stuffed with Bush supporters.

But if it did go badly for Trump, what's fascinating is that it went badly in exactly the kind of way you would have expected Trump's campaign to go south months ago.

He went way outside the boundaries of the kinds of things Republican Party politicians normally say, and in response Republican Party politicians (and their backers in the state party) piled on to diss him. A political party, after all, is a coalition of like-minded people. When you step outside their zone of comfort and say things they wouldn't say, they team up to crush you.

It was primary politics as it was supposed to be. And it made for a striking contrast with previous debates that had consisted largely of the establishment-friendly candidates bashing each other on the theory that whoever came out of the ""establishment lane"" would then face down Trump one on one at some later date. Chris Christie's murder-suicide attack on Rubio's repetition of talking points was the highest-profile example of this establishment fratricide, but in truth it's dominated the entire campaign, leaving Republicans with not much more than wishful thinking as their anti-Trump plan.

The strange thing is that after months of watching Trump say things that are racist, absurd, patently false, or all three at once, the Republican Party establishment decided to stomp on him for saying things that are basically true.

Most obviously, George W. Bush clearly was in office on 9/11. Repeated invocations of the notion that he ""kept us safe"" have managed to make this a controversial claim, but I promise you that it is true. He was inaugurated in January, and was serving as president on the morning of 9/11 when the terrorist attack momentarily interrupted his reading of My Pet Goat. Bush received repeated warnings about al-Qaeda plots against the United States, and his administration was given a plan to tackle al-Qaeda and the Taliban that it rejected as a holdover from the Clinton administration and a distraction from bigger problems.

Trump's claim that the Bush administration positively knew there were no WMDs in Iraq is more dubious, but it's unquestionably true that the sort of WMD programs the White House said existed weren't found and that the administration's public presentations of intelligence findings were highly skewed and selective.

By Trump standards — this is a man, after all, who claims he can make Mexico pay for the construction of thousands of miles of border wall — these arguments are tame. Indeed, almost banal. For months now, Republicans have wondered how Trump could be winning by claiming up was down. But this was exactly how they won in their mid-aughts heyday — slamming decorated war hero John Kerry for cowardice, claiming to have kept the country safe while presiding over the worst terrorist attack in American history, and responding by invading an unrelated country in order to dismantle a nuclear weapons program that didn't exist.

When Trump contradicted the Republican Party's most cherished form of up-is-downism, the party establishment finally got its groove back and handed him arguably his worst evening of the entire campaign. But they also proved to everyone else that pointing out that Bush was in office on 9/11 is a red line for the GOP establishment in a way that concocting a story about Jersey City Muslims celebrating the attacks wasn't.",1
457,"So how’s the American middle class, really?","Mothers Lauren Ioli (l.) and Julie Nardi read to their children in the public library in Frederick, Md., which holds story time for children on Tuesdays. Like other cities, Frederick still has many middle-income jobs, but they are harder to find.

In Cincinnati, Steve Raven has just moved his family into a faster economic lane. He recently started a truck-driving job that pays a lot better than his previous work making shock absorbers. It comes with solid health insurance, the hope of more vacation travel, and the prospect of his pay rising further from here.

In San Francisco, Jessica Beard is also doing work she’s excited about, but the similarities stop there. Her job title is adjunct professor, but the not-so-lofty reality is that her teaching schedule in English literature is uncertain from one semester to the next – and so is her income and her health insurance. She says she’s making less than she did in another job she had 15 years ago.

In Maryland, Hope Harley is a young student at Frederick Community College. She’s hopeful about earning a good living, and about the economy getting better for most people in general. But she adds a cautionary qualifier: “I feel like if you don’t go to college, you won’t have a good life.” She’s carefully choosing among some career options in health care, while working as a receptionist to avoid taking on student debt.

Three people, three stories. But together they provide a pretty good hint of the blend of progress and tribulation that defines today’s middle class in the United States – including those who aspire to it and those who aren’t sure they’re in it.

The old image of the “middle class” as an aspirational state of being – upward mobility coupled with a measure of financial stability – hasn’t disappeared. But it’s under stress as much as at any time in the postwar era. Fewer Americans these days call themselves middle class, and many who do use that label see it as a badge of struggle as much as a badge of opportunity.

The middle class is being redefined partly by demographics. In 1970, fully 40 percent of US households were married couples with at least one child under 18 years old. By 2012 that share had declined to 20 percent of US households – a shift that includes more single-parent breadwinners. It’s also being redefined by a changing job market – notably by the rising importance of education on résumés, as well as the disappearance of punch-the-timecard jobs in offices and factories that once produced comfortable lifestyles but were vulnerable to automation.

All this doesn’t mean that living standards for average middle-income families are languishing in a state of permanent deterioration. A good deal of evidence suggests that’s not the case. And while some deride the insecurity of the Gig Economy – the growing legions of people doing freelance, contract, temporary, or other independent work – the changing job market has a bright side for many Americans: greater flexibility, creativity, and self-determination for one’s career.

In fact, optimism about the future persists among moderate-income Americans to a degree that may seem surprising. It has just been tempered. The new watchword is realism – the awareness that the economically ascendant America of the baby boomers has now been superseded by an era of sluggish wage growth and financial setbacks. People who saw the dot-com boom go bust, and then the housing boom collapse, are more focused on carefully managing their debt and careers than on becoming the next Warren Buffett. Workers have little faith that their employer will look out for them. So they are finding ways to either look out for themselves, look out for each other, or both.

From Maryland to California, Americans are longing to see a patent-leather shine return to the American dream.

That’s why the challenges of average Americans loom as a central issue in the budding 2016 presidential race. Both Republican and Democratic candidates talk with varying degrees of passion about the need to rebuild the middle class. They just have different blueprints for how to do it.

Yet beneath all the political rhetoric and nagging insecurities, myths endure about just how doomed today’s middle class really is, while other forces at work weighing on Americans’ living standards may be getting too little attention.

It’s a paradox of the 21st century: Alongside all the anxiety felt by millions of working families, the “stuff” that symbolizes middle-class life is as ubiquitous as ever. Americans live in larger houses, drive better cars, are better educated, and have more choices from clothing to recreation than ever before. Everyone, it seems, has a smartphone in his or her pocket and a billboard-size TV on the wall.

Yet stagnation in real incomes has many people feeling that a middle-class life is harder to sustain, or at least more precarious. And many firmly believe living standards are falling.

Just ask Maurice Evans. He’s sitting on a shady stoop in downtown Frederick, a small Maryland city with a sizable middle class and a cluster of historic church steeples. Mr. Evans marvels at both the material progress he’s seen and the challenges he still faces. At first, what stands out to him is the price hikes in basic expenses. “Money’s not worth what it used to be,” he says.

He’s closing in on traditional retirement age, and he recalls once buying an entire T-bone steak for a dollar. He recounts having a good $35,000-a-year job at the Marriott hotel chain in the early 1980s, when he lived in the District of Columbia.

“That’s what people are making now,” even though the cost of living is much higher today, he says.

Still, on reflection, he says Americans are generally getting better off over time.

In fact, from homes to food to schooling, that is the case, according to an analysis by economist Stephen Rose at George Washington University. Many other economists concur that living standards have risen substantially in the past 35 years, wage stagnation notwithstanding.

Indeed, for all the consumer laments about rising prices, official measures of inflation probably are skewed to actually understate the gains in income and living standards. A May survey of several dozen prominent economists, for instance, found that 6 in 10 agreed with this statement: “The 9% cumulative increase in real US median household income since 1980 substantially understates how much better off people in the median American household are now economically, compared with 35 years ago.”

Only 1 in 10 disagreed (some quibbling over the word “substantially”), with the rest uncertain.

True, there are endless complications with this kind of comparison across the decades. Consider just one example: To the degree that median household incomes have risen over the past half century, a big reason is because of the longer hours worked (more than rising wages) as women have joined the workforce. In other words, two people are now working in many households instead of one.

Other caveats: Real median income still hasn’t caught up to pre-recession (2006) levels, and in some prominent areas of middle-class spending, costs have truly jumped in the past quarter century.

“Almost everyone who thinks of themselves as middle class wants their kids to go to college, and the cost of college has shot up a lot faster” than inflation in general, says Lane Kenworthy, a sociologist who studies the changing fortunes of different income groups in America.

Still, he’s persuaded that living standards have kept rising for most people. One simple benchmark of well-being: Back in 1960, Americans overall spent two-thirds of their income just on food, clothing, and housing. By 2013 that had dipped below 50 percent. Another: Average US life expectancy rose seven years (to age 78) between 1970 and 2007.

So the question arises: Why do people feel as if it’s tougher to maintain a middle-class life if living standards are up? One reason is that fewer Americans are, in fact, part of the comfortable middle: The great mass of people with middle incomes has declined as a share of the overall population. Call it the barbell effect.

The number of Americans who have moved into upper-income brackets has expanded, and so have the ranks of those in the lower-income brackets. In other words, the weight on each end is getting heavier while the middle is getting thinner.

Part of this stems from the restructuring of the American economy. For decades, the demise of factory jobs has sent rolling shocks through communities large and small, spawning the term Rust Belt in the 1980s Midwest and leaving some towns with a persistent glut of boarded-up shop windows. Key drivers of change have been technology and a globalizing labor market.

The upheaval has swept through the service sector, too, swallowing up loads of white-collar jobs that could also be automated out of existence or outsourced overseas. Demand for high-skill workers has continued to expand, as has demand for low-skill laborers who can’t be replaced by machines – from janitors and landscapers to child-care workers.

These changes are on display here in Frederick (pop. 68,000), where the median income is a bit above the national level and homeownership is a bit below average. Nestled in the first folds of the Appalachian Mountains, the city has a red-brick downtown with a creekside promenade. The job mix here ranges from button-down lawyers heading in and out of the modest county courthouse to the food-service workers who serve their lunches at places like Cafe Nola, where the entrees include shrimp hominy and Chesapeake eggs Benedict.

You have to look a bit harder to find the middle-income jobs, but they’re still here. The challenge is that they – like the higher-end jobs – generally require more education than they used to.

“We have to have a piece of paper” to get a job, says Kelly Billigmeier, a young student who is earning a degree in digital media design at Frederick Community College. Her dad was able to have a family-supporting career, working on computer software and security, without ever getting a degree beyond high school.

Students like Ms. Billigmeier are thinking hard about their financial futures, as well as how they can be of service to the world. Technological change has made their choices more transparent: A career website offered by the college shows students all the local jobs available in each degree program, and their pay.

“It’s the job opportunity that draws people into our classes,” says Jerry Boyd, an administrator at the college.

One sign of education’s rising importance: In 2008, only about a quarter of Americans with some college experience but no bachelor’s degree placed themselves in the “lower” or “lower-middle” classes in Pew Research Center surveys. Now that proportion is twice as high: 47 percent.

Still, even if you have a lot of education, there is no guarantee of a high-paying job or lavish lifestyle today. Consider the situation of Ms. Beard, the adjunct professor in San Francisco.

She has a PhD in English literature, but her combined jobs (teaching at two colleges) don’t pay as well as a coffee-retail managerial position she had a decade and a half ago.

“I love what I do. I just hate the working conditions,” she says.

Beard’s concerns are ones that legions of workers now face: high living costs (even with a rent-controlled apartment), student loans to pay off, and the unpredictability of knowing when – or if – their next contract will come.

That last point, uncertainty, is key for the large and probably growing share of workers in the Gig Economy. Whether you attribute it to new technology and managerial strategies or to the sagging bargaining power of workers, a growing chunk of the US workforce is essentially “on call” – contractors, freelancers, and part-time workers who sometimes get little advance notice of whether they will work a shift or not.

And the challenges don’t stop with people who lack full-time salaried positions. Lifestyles may be improving, but the prevalence of single-parent households and “sandwich” earners, who are helping to support their children and a parent or two at once, adds to the financial struggles of families.

“The lack of two incomes in a family is an enormous factor” for many households, says Michelle Zukowski-Serlin, a mental health counselor who was a single mother after her partner died.

Now married, she says burdens have eased in part as she and her husband, Troy, can juggle responsibilities like ferrying Julia, their teenage daughter, to volleyball games. But to Ms. Zukowski-Serlin, many costs still seem higher than they used to be.

“There was no school fee when I was in school to be on a team,” she says. When Julia was heavily into gymnastics, the annual out-of-school fees alone (training camps, travel, etc.) came to $6,000, adds Zukowski-Serlin, who lives in Kalamazoo, Mich.

Nor are those the only rising costs confronting families today. On several fronts, the squeeze is more acute:

- Health care. Even though a record share of Americans has health insurance – with recent gains spurred by the 2010 Affordable Care Act, known as “Obamacare” – the number of those who are insured through their employer continues to decline. That, coupled with rising copayments in the employer plans, keeps pushing out-of-pocket costs for the average family higher.

- Emergency funds. Many households have little money in the bank to handle a layoff or financial crisis. As of 2013, most US households could replace less than one month of their income through liquid savings, according to a Pew analysis of consumer surveys by the Federal Reserve.

- Wealth. From home foreclosures to cashed-out retirement plans, the Great Recession ravaged the net worth of millions of Americans. In 2013, middle-rung households of working-age people had lower wealth (assets minus liabilities) than they had two decades earlier, according to the Fed surveys.

- Retirement. The share of private-sector workers getting access to a defined-benefit pension was small before World War II, but soared to about 45 percent by 1970. Since 1980, however, it’s been in steady decline.

All this helps explain why so many middle-class Americans feel anxious. “The biggest benefit we’re looking for is just some sense of job security ... of being able to plan your life,” says Beard of herself and her colleagues.

Beard has health insurance, as long as she teaches at least two classes per semester at San Francisco State University. Last summer, when she had no classes, she turned to unemployment insurance to survive.

Even as she weighs a possible career change, Beard says she’s finding some optimism about the future – through what she sees as rising momentum for labor unions. “I’ve started to get a little bit excited about something that I never thought would happen,” as those with PhDs who are unionized join low-skilled workers to push for better employment contracts and legislation on things such as raising the minimum wage.

In Kalamazoo, Troy Zukowski-Serlin, Michelle’s husband and fellow counselor at the clinic they run together, also voices a battle-tested optimism.

“Right after World War II, with the baby boom, the economy just took off,” he says. “We did not have a lot of competitors around the world at that time.” In his view, the path forward is partly to realize that that era “was a blip, an unusual experience.”

He expects living standards to keep rising and that new policies can revive the health of the middle class. Expectations don’t need to be low, he adds, just reset for times that aren’t so booming.

What does the future hold for America’s middle class?

The blend of hope and realism voiced by workers from Frederick to Kalamazoo is the tenor of the times – at least for now. A brighter mood may arrive if the economy keeps improving for a few more years without a recession, says Mr. Kenworthy of the University of California, San Diego.

Even today, though, most Americans persist in believing their own kids will be better off than their parents. In a 2012 Allstate/National Journal survey, 6 in 10 Americans said they are generally living the American dream, defined as “the opportunity to go as far as your talents and hard work will take you, and to live better than your parents.”

America’s next economic chapter may well involve some tug and pull between collective and individual efforts to forge a better future.

On the one hand, some economists call for efforts to revive labor unions or for other policies that, in an era of widening income inequality, might lift the fortunes of workers (a higher minimum wage, paid sick leave). Policy efforts could also focus on growing the economy through innovation and education, tipping a higher share of jobs from low-skill to middle- or high-skill ones that boost average incomes.

On the other hand, globalization of markets and technological advances have shaken up the old model of time-clock jobs in ways that will be hard to reverse. And many workers see benefits as well as challenges in the new era.

“I think we’re going back again to an earlier time where people my age and younger are feeling more responsible for their well-being and income, and I don’t think that’s a bad thing,” says Renee Lemoncelli, a mom near Columbus, Ohio, whose daughter is now pursuing a career in publishing.

Ms. Lemoncelli does work she loves, designing and making jewelry that she sells online at the artisan marketplace Etsy. The income can fluctuate based on seasonal demand. But she has developed several solid product lines, pays for her own health insurance, and feels that she and others are getting back “to what our country was founded on, which was freedom and liberty.”

In fact, some historians have found that, as the Industrial Revolution took hold, a commonly voiced concern was that factory jobs were eroding the flexibility and autonomy that people valued. Now, many gig workers covet those same attributes, even as others voice contrasting laments about the decline of traditional pensions or job security.

“My parents definitely were more secure,” Lemoncelli says. They worked for local utility companies in an era when “they were loyal to the company and the company was loyal to them.”

Now, as those bonds have frayed, Lemoncelli sees a positive shift: Her 20-something daughter is part of a generation of young workers attuned to charting their own job-hopping career paths – gaining skills and fresh experiences as they go.

For now, though, the young generation is navigating a job market that’s more polarized than it used to be, with more positions at the high or low ends of the pay spectrum. The middle is still large, but it has been squeezed both in numbers of jobs and by a dearth of wage growth, according to economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Some experts say America has a ripe opportunity to rebuild the middle class – and to thrust the economy forward in the process. What’s needed, says Joseph Fuller of Harvard Business School, is for states and localities to forge closer ties between employers and institutions like technical schools that can train workers for growing careers. Companies will get the skilled employees they need. Workers will advance into better jobs.

In Cincinnati, Mr. Raven found upward job mobility through a training partnership between Napier Truck Driver Training Inc. and Hamilton County Job & Family Services. He sees a middle-income lifestyle coming into view.

“It’s coming into fruition,” he says. “I don’t expect it to happen overnight.”",1
2349,Have there been 353 mass shootings this year — or just 4?,"The shooting in San Bernardino, California, on Wednesday was the 353rd mass shooting of 2015, according to the crowdsourced Mass Shooting Tracker that Vox uses for our maps documenting mass shootings. Or it was the 29th, if you use data from USA Today. Or it was the fourth, if you use a database maintained by Mother Jones.

How are three news outlets coming up with such different answers? It all comes down to definitions:

There are other differences too — for example, Mother Jones says it generally only includes single gunman incidents, though it includes San Bernardino and the Columbine massacre in its database. But those are the main ones.

What's happening here a dispute not about the facts, but over what the appropriate definition is.

The Mass Shooting Tracker definition is fairly new, but the dispute between Mother Jones and USA Today is older and more ideologically fraught. That's because the Mother Jones definition suggests that mass shootings are rising in number, and the USA Today definition doesn't.

If you look at all killings in which four or more people died, there doesn't appear to be a strong upward trend, according to estimates by Northeastern University criminology professor James Alan Fox, who uses a similar definition to USA Today:

But other researchers, like Amy P. Cohen, Deborah Azrael, and Matthew Miller of the Harvard School of Public Health, argue that Mother Jones's more restrictive definition is appropriate. Cohen et al. analyzed Mother Jones's data and concluded that mass shootings were becoming more frequent. They measure the average period of time between mass shooting incidents, rather than the number of incidents themselves; mass shootings of the kind they're studying are rare enough to make the latter untenable. They find that the period of time separating mass shootings (by their definition) has been shrinking:

So who's right? Well, Fox is right about the phenomenon he's studying, Cohen et al. are right about the phenomenon they're studying, and the Mass Shooting Tracker is right for the phenomenon it's studying. Declaring one or the other definition the ""right"" one is too pat; each is right for the thing it tracks. Fox's data tells us that shootings of four or more people didn't decline in the 1990s the way shootings as a whole did; that's concerning. Cohen et al.'s data tells us that high-profile public mass shootings like Aurora or Newtown have not only failed to decline the way normal shootings have but have increased in recent years; that's also concerning. And the Mass Shooting tracker tells us that mass shootings, deadly or not, are a daily occurrence in the US; that is, obviously, concerning.

But people still care about determining the ""right"" definition in cases like this for the purpose of ideological proxy warfare. Declaring Fox or Cohen et al. right, in particular, has a certain political valence in the wider gun control debate. You see something similar in discussions around school shootings, wherein gun control skeptics are as eager to declare that gang-related shootings in school are not real school shootings as they are to embrace Fox's definition in which gang-related mass shootings are real mass shootings — and vice versa for gun control supporters.

The best case for gun control has little to do with mass shootings, and isn't necessarily focused on homicides at all

What's frustrating about this is that whether mass shootings are increasing or decreasing in frequency has very little to do with the generalized case for gun control. Mother Jones's Mark Follman — who has done extraordinary work on gun violence in America, including compiling the data set used by Cohen et al. — is not wrong when he writes that the Mother Jones–defined mass shootings are ""a unique phenomenon that must be understood on its own."" And it's worth studying both the phenomena identified by Fox and those identified by Mother Jones to find specialized ways to prevent them.

But mass shootings are very rare. By Fox's definition, there are between 50 and 125 victims a year (compared with 11,068 total gun homicides in 2011); by the Mother Jones definition, there are substantially fewer than that.

Mass shootings can and should be prevented, and their comparative rarity makes them no less monstrous or tragic. But the best case for gun control has little to do with mass shootings, and isn't necessarily focused on homicides at all. Of the 33,636 firearm deaths in 2013, 63 percent, or 21,175, were suicides. The evidence that the presence of additional guns contributes to more firearm homicides is persuasive, but research from the Means Matter Project at the Harvard School of Public Health (much of it done by Azrael and Miller themselves, along with Cathy Barber) shows that the evidence that guns contribute to higher levels of suicide is considerably stronger.

Suicide, contrary to popular belief, isn't typically planned and thought through extensively in advance. It's impulsive; one survey found that 90 percent of respondents deliberated for less than a day before attempting suicide. And 90 percent of people who survive suicide attempts end up dying by other means. They didn't make a considered choice and then seek to follow through by whatever means; they made an impulsive decision and got lucky. Ken Baldwin, who survived a jump off the Golden Gate Bridge, once told the New Yorker's Tad Friend that as he was falling, he ""instantly realized that everything in my life that I’d thought was unfixable was totally fixable — except for having just jumped.""

America's gun homicide problem is real, frightening, and must be addressed. But its gun suicide problem is considerably worse.

Guns make it likelier that these impulsive decisions end in death rather than in survival and recovery. Studies suggest that suicide attempts using guns are fatal in the vast majority of cases, while attempts using cuts or poisoning are only fatal 6 or 7 percent of the time. So it's perhaps unsurprising that areas with more guns tend to have higher suicide rates, or that a number of gun control measures have been successful in preventing suicides. In one particularly dramatic case, the Israeli Defense Forces stopped letting soldiers bring their guns home over the weekend, and suicides fell 40 percent, primarily due to a drop in firearm suicides committed on weekends.

The dominant focus of gun control efforts, then, should be on keeping guns (and particularly handguns) out of the hands of suicidal people. America's gun homicide problem is real, frightening, and must be addressed. But its gun suicide problem is considerably worse. My concern is that disputes over whether this or that incident counts as a mass shooting reaffirms the myth that Jared Loughner and Adam Lanza are the face of America's gun violence problem. They're not. The tens of thousands who die every year because of depression and a nearby gun are. They are rarely, if ever, mentioned in the gun debate, and they deserve better.",1
1635,The 17-year story behind Marco Rubio’s cut-down of Jeb Bush,"It started in 1998, with a $50 check out of the blue.

The money was a donation from one of the highest-placed men in Florida politics — Jeb Bush, the son of a former president who was about to be elected governor — to one of the lowest. Marco Rubio, 26, was running for the city commission in tiny West Miami.

“I remember him showing it off,” a Rubio friend recalled. “ ‘I got a check from Jeb Bush!’ ”

In the years to come, the two men formed an alliance that, at times, even looked like a politician’s odd version of friendship. Rubio, younger and gifted, provided Bush with help in the state legislature. Bush provided Rubio with donors, endorsements and — at one especially curious moment — a golden sword.

By this week, however, the relationship itself had become a kind of weapon.

“Someone has convinced you that attacking me is going to help you,” Rubio told Bush during Wednesday night’s GOP presidential debate, after Bush had criticized Rubio. The power of the comeback was in its familiarity — in Rubio’s pitying sense that he knew Bush well enough to know Bush had betrayed himself.

That moment had been coming for months, as a presidential election put the old allies on a path to collide. They schmoozed the same donors. Courted the same pro-establishment voters. Each threw insults — veiled, then not veiled — at the other.

A confrontation was coming. And people who watched these allies turn into enemies had little doubt who would win.

“It was a godsend for Marco,” a chance to show off his political talents and get out of Bush’s shadow, all in the same sentence, said Jorge Luis Lopez, a lawyer in Miami who is backing Rubio. “For years, everybody [in Rubio’s camp] always had to validate, ‘Is Marco ready to do it?’ And now, everybody sees Marco is ready to do it. And it came from the lips of his own mentor.”

For now, both Rubio and Bush are losing in this race. But both say they’re playing a longer game. After a while, both men believe, the outsiders Donald Trump and Ben Carson will fade, and voters will come looking for somebody safer. Both Bush and Rubio, of course, think the safe choice will be him.

That competition has put the campaign’s spotlight on a two-decades-long relationship that never fit conventional categories.

“Friends” was always too warm a word, even back then.

“Enemies” is too strong, even now.

“Frenementor,” said Dan Gelber, a Democrat who served in the Florida House when both Rubio and Bush were in state government.

Bush and Rubio were born, 18 years apart, into vastly different American experiences. Rubio’s parents were Cuban immigrants who had worked as a bartender and a maid. Bush was a Bush. The first office he ran for was governor of Florida.

As Rubio rose in politics — interning for a congresswoman, working for a politically connected lawyer — Bush took notice. That was what the $50 was about.

Then, in 2000, the two men realized they could help each other in new and more concrete ways. Rubio was a new state legislator, at a time when term limits had cleared out the old guard. Bush was the governor, looking for a new ally.

“Jeb looked around, and suddenly Marco was one of the people he knew best in the House,” said a former colleague who worked closely with both men. Rubio advocated Bush’s ideas, and Bush steered Rubio toward conservative politics, especially the gospel of small government.

By 2005, the two men were close enough that when Rubio gave an emotional speech after winning the race to be Florida’s House speaker, Bush made a show of his mentorship. Bush honored Rubio with a gift: a sword, which he said belonged to a great “conservative warrior” named Chang.

“Chang is somebody who believes in conservative principles, believes in entrepreneurial capitalism, believes in moral values that underpin a free society,” Bush told a crowd so large that a plane had to be chartered to ferry well-wishers from Miami to Tallahassee. “Chang, this mystical warrior, has never let me down.”

This gesture was even stranger than it sounds. It appears that “Chang” was not a real person but something from a Bush family in-joke about Chinese Nationalist leader Chiang Kai-shek (“Unleash Chiang!”). Now, Jeb — whose ­father was once the U.S. envoy to Beijing — had garbled the story into something about a mystical warrior with a sword.

The sword “really meant something to Jeb,” a longtime friend and colleague of both men said. “He thought it was Marco who would continue his legacy.”

At the time, the sword seemed to mean something to Rubio, too. He hung it in a place of honor in his office — or at least, he used to.

“I have it somewhere at home,” Rubio told reporters in New Hampshire this year. “I have young kids. I don’t want them to run around with a sword.”

Bush left the governor’s office in 2007. After that, friends say, he kept up his alliance with the still-rising Rubio.

He supported Rubio, working donors behind the scenes, when Rubio took on the Florida GOP establishment in the 2010 Senate race. After Rubio won, the two would meet for coffee after workouts in the gym at the luxurious Biltmore Hotel in Coral Gables, Fla., where Bush has an office.

Then the men — who now shared friends, donors and allies — began to realize they would be rivals.

“He’s entitled to do this — there’s not something per se wrong,” Al Cardenas, a power broker in Florida politics who backs Bush, said of Rubio. “But we believe that most people would have decided not to proceed.”

Bush made clear last year that he planned to run. In April, Rubio announced his candidacy, and pointedly told his audience that America couldn’t go “back to the leaders and ideas of the past.”

This was the first of many signals: Rubio wasn’t just running alongside his old ally but against him, lumping him in with Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton as symbols of the stale political order.

“The minute I saw [Rubio’s] announcement, I had every reason to assume, regrettably, that this was never going to be the same,” said Jorge Arrizurieta, who first met Bush in the 1980s, served in different roles during his governorship and is now a top donor.

“I’ve heard many common friends call it a betrayal by Marco, but not Jeb,” said Ana Navarro, a Republican strategist who is a friend of both men but supports Bush in this race. “Jeb’s not a guy to cry over spilled milk. Jeb’s got a goal ahead of him, and wasting time psychoanalyzing Marco’s motives won’t help him get there.”

Since then, Bush and Rubio have rarely spoken one another’s names — but they have talked about each other all the time.

Rubio, for instance, talked for 25 minutes in June at the Prescott Bush awards dinner — named for Jeb Bush’s grandfather — without mentioning the Bush name. He never mentioned Bush to a room full of seniors during a central Florida campaign stop in September.

But in both places, he implied a contrast, telling the Prescott Bush awards crowd in Connecticut that it was time to “transition from the past we are so proud of to the exciting future that awaits our country.”

Bush has also deployed a knock-him-without-naming-him strategy against Rubio. For months, he’s called for members of Congress who miss many votes — as Rubio has — to have their pay docked.

In late September, Bush tried to burnish his leadership credentials by telling a TV interviewer that he “relied on people like Marco Rubio and many others to follow my leadership” in Florida. Later, the two campaigns squabbled about which one of them had a disappointing quarter of fundraising. (They both did).

By Monday, Bush’s campaign — increasingly desperate amid a cash shortage and staff cuts — labeled Rubio a “GOP Obama” in a meeting with top donors. That may not sound like an insult, since Obama did manage to get elected president twice. But Bush meant it in the context of Republicans who view the president as inexperienced and untrustworthy.

In a broad sense, Bush was losing the argument. Rubio was overtaking him in the polls. And the very thing that had made Rubio such an attractive ally before — he shared Bush’s basic political beliefs but did a better job of selling them — made him a devastating rival now.

“I support Jeb because he’s older, he’s got a lot of experience, he was governor for two terms and did an extraordinarily good job, but if Jeb doesn’t make it I certainly hope Marco does,” said Barney Bishop, a prominent Florida lobbyist who is backing Bush but has also given to Rubio’s super PAC. “A lot of us are torn between both Jeb and Marco because we think Marco has a great future ahead of him. We don’t want to see either one of them have to do battle with each other in order to get ahead.”

Their competition finally came to a head at Wednesday night’s debate, producing the defining moment in their relationship so far.

Even on the attack, Bush seemed hindered by the relationship and by his blue-blood sense of decorum. “Could I — could I bring something up here?” he said.

“Marco, when you signed up for this [the Senate], this was a six-year term, and you should be showing up to work,” Bush said.

Rubio seemed to know that the intimacy of their relationship gave him more power, not less. He looked Bush right in the eye, knee-capped him, and then turned away from him to face the audience.

“My campaign is going to be about the future of America, it’s not going to be about attacking anyone else on this stage,” he said. “I will continue to have tremendous admiration and respect for Governor Bush.”

He was talking about his old ally as though Bush was already gone.",1
5009,Trump backs off false Iran video claim,"Washington (CNN) Donald Trump backed off a false claim Friday morning, admitting he had not seen a video of a $400 million payment being unloaded from a US plane in Iran.

The Republican nominee had claimed at rallies twice this week that such a video existed, saying in Maine on Thursday that it was provided by Iranians ""to embarrass our president because we have a president who's incompetent.""

What Trump had actually seen in news reports was video of three American prisoners who Iran had released arriving in Geneva, Switzerland.

Trump admitted his error in an early-morning tweet Friday, without actually saying he was wrong.

""The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!"" he tweeted.

The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!

It was a rare reversal for Trump, who has stood by inaccurate or unproven claims previously -- insisting he'd seen videos of Muslim Americans in New Jersey cheering the September 11, 2001, attacks. His political rise began during the 2012 campaign, when he insisted that Obama release his birth certificate, questioning the President's American citizenship.

Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine hit Trump on Friday for the video claim, saying he seems ""confused"" on CBS' ""This Morning,"" in an interview taped before Trump backtracked.

""I have no idea what he's talking about. It (the video) doesn't exist. He might be thinking about Iran Contra from like 35 years ago or something like this,"" Kaine said.

He pointed to Trump's recent criticism of Kaine, who Trump said in a late-July news conference ""did a terrible job in New Jersey"" -- despite Kaine being a governor and senator from Virginia, not New Jersey. Kaine said Trump must have confused him with Tom Kean, who was New Jersey's governor until 1990.

""He was confusing it with a situation from two or three decades ago. Maybe that's what he's doing with this bogus video claim,"" Kaine said.

Asked if he thinks Trump is confused, Kaine said: ""I absolutely think he's confused.""

Paul Manafort, Trump's campaign chairman, responded to Kaine on Fox News Friday morning, saying he's ""not sure there was confusion"" on Trump's part.

""The point that he was making is the cash-transfer took place and it was taking place consistent with the transfer of hostages,"" Manafort said.

""Again, what the Obama administration wants to do is get off of the point. The point is, $400 million in cash that most likely ended up in terrorist camps used against the west was given in exchange for hostages and the President of the United States lied to the American people, that's the point.""

Trump has made criticism of the US delivery of $400 million in cash via a plane to Iran -- the first installment of $1.7 billion in payments related to a decades-old dispute over an unfulfilled us arms purchase before the Iranian revolution cut relations between the two countries and settled at the same time Iran released four American prisoners -- a staple this week on the campaign trail.

But Wednesday in Florida and Thursday in Maine, he went a step further, claiming he'd seen video of the cash actually being delivered in Iran.

""It was interesting because a tape was made. Right? You saw that? With the airplane coming in -- nice plane -- and the airplane coming in, and the money coming off, I guess. Right? That was given to us, has to be, by the Iranians,"" Trump said in Portland, Maine.

""And you know why the tape was given to us? Because they want to embarrass our country. They want to embarrass our country. And they want to embarrass our president because we have a president who's incompetent. They want to embarrass our president,"" Trump said. ""I mean, who would ever think they would be taking all of this money off the plane and then providing us with a tape? It's only for one reason. And it's very, very sad.""",1
3072,Political polarization on Facebook | Institution,"Data scientists at Facebook recently published their research on how people consume political news on the social network. The study is noteworthy because the researchers had direct access to Facebook’s own data. It examines the factors that influence the likelihood that liberals or conservatives will click on news articles that are cross-cutting or those that run counter to their beliefs. Many Americans get a significant portion of their news from Facebook and in effect the social network is the largest news platform in the U.S. The study shows how the makeup of our social networks, the Facebook News feed algorithm, and individual user choice all influence the content people consume.

Social scientists have built a large body of evidence that people tend to befriend others with similar political beliefs. The Facebook study demonstrates that the polarization phenomenon also applies to the social network. The study finds that roughly speaking a Facebook user has five politically likeminded friends for every one friend on the other side of the spectrum. In a democracy it’s generally a value add for citizens to encounter a variety of political opinions. This fact does not enumerate the “right” number of friends to have from across the political aisle.

The Facebook News feed does limit the amount of cross-cutting links that viewers choose to read. The News feed algorithm ranks stories based on a variety of factors including their history of clicking on links for particular websites. If a user regularly clicks on stories from sources with a partisan leaning then the chances of seeing a similar story increases. The News feed algorithm functions in this way to make the experience of using the website more enjoyable. This approach also has some unintended negative consequences. The authors find that the News feed algorithm reduces the politically cross-cutting content by 5 percent for conservatives and 8 percent for liberals.

Individual choice also plays a role in exposing Facebook users to less cross-cutting content. Users make their own decisions about the stories they want to read. Even after controlling for where the stories appear in the News feed, the authors estimate that user choice decreases the likelihood of clicking on a cross-cutting link by 17 percent for conservatives and 6 percent for liberals. The study does not present the findings in a way that separates out the effects of the algorithm and individual choice. Both of these factors certainly influence each other. It appears that the impact of individual’s user choices is larger in magnitude than the News feed algorithm.

Facebook has tweaked the News feed algorithm for a variety of reasons. The company could leverage the popularity of their network to help mitigate the impact of political polarization. The website could change the algorithm to rank cross-cutting news stories highly. It could also include cross cutting links in the trending section of the website. Facebook is not just a social network. It’s the platform that millions of people use to learn about current events. Taking small steps to help combat political polarization in the long run will add to the trust that users have in Facebook.",1
3297,Could Florida Dem primary cost party Rubio's seat?,"Washington (CNN) In order to pursue a presidential bid, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio has agreed not to run for re-election, leaving Democrats with a shot at retaking the seat, and with it, increasing their chances of reclaiming the Senate.

But it's no easy feat -- especially as Florida Democrats may have a primary problem ahead of them.

National and state Democrats see Rep. Patrick Murphy, a second-term centrist Democrat with a proven ability to fundraise, as their best shot at a win. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee this week endorsed Murphy in an effort to dissuade others from jumping into the primary.

But that hasn't discouraged liberal firebrand Rep. Alan Grayson from the race. If anything, it's made him more eager to compete.

""Florida Democratic voters choose our party nominee, not out-of-touch party bosses sipping cognac in a smoke-filled room in Washington,"" Grayson said in a statement shortly after the DSCC announced its endorsement.

It's a prospect that already has Democrats worried.

""It would certainly be better to not have him in the race,"" said Florida Democratic strategist Steve Schale, a Murphy supporter. ""[Grayson] tends to sort of rely on hyperbole and invective, and I'm not sure that's the kind of primary which is healthy for us.""

""I think it's a center-right state, I think he is not electable in a general and I think he has the ability to create a pretty divisive primary if he runs,"" he said.

But Grayson has a different theory on what it takes to win in Florida. He believes ""there are no more swing voters"" in the state, and so Democrats must offer a clear contrast with Republicans to turn out otherwise apathetic voters and disaffected Democrats.

""We consistently fail them by making it seem like we're Republican light,"" he said. ""It's not the winning formula to pretend you're a Republican and hope some Republicans vote for you. It's not the winning formula to be wishy-washy on the issues.""

While he declined to discuss Murphy by name, he referenced ""somebody else in the [primary] race who might have the party-switcher vote"" -- a veiled jab at the younger member, who was a registered Republican up through 2010, though he claims he backed John Kerry in the 2004 presidential campaign.

That's part of what's given the congressman reason for such strong interest in a run, and Murphy's supporters reason for concern. Grayson has a much clearer appeal among Democratic primary voters than Murphy, who's made a point of breaking with his party on key issues, like the Keystone XL pipeline. While it's Murphy's willingness to compromise and centrist profile that has Democrats bullish on his chances statewide, those could also be hurdles in a Democratic primary, if Grayson were to force the issue.

""I would be very surprised if I ever lost a primary in my life,"" Grayson boasted. ""Our voters will crawl over hot coals to vote for me.""

The congressman is already fashioning himself as the heir to liberal darling Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who pulled out a difficult win in one of 2012's most expensive, hardest-fought senate races. Indeed, Grayson said he's ""had many discussions with her and her campaign staff about this already.""

""And I think we can duplicate her success not only in fundraising, but in the enormous grassroots army she put together,"" he said.

But the prospect of a Murphy-Grayson faceoff could make things difficult for Democrats, as regardless of the outcome, it's likely to become a nasty, personal fight.

Grayson is not one to mince words -- he once compared the tea party movement to the KKK, and ran a campaign ad in 2010 calling GOP challenger Dan Webster ""Taliban Dan.""

And Democrats wary of Grayson hurting the party's chances in the state are already promising that the lurid details of his messy annulment -- which included accusations of abuse, bigamy and cheating -- will gain greater notice if it's clear he's serious about jumping in.

Grayson detractors believe once progressives are more familiar with his personal issues, they'll question their support for his policies.

And a bruising, resource draining intraparty fight through the end of August, when Florida holds its primary, leaves the eventual nominee little time -- just nine weeks -- to replenish depleted campaign offers and correct any negative attacks that stuck during the primary. It'll be a hugely expensive race, said former Democratic state Sen. Dan Gelber.

""Money plays an outsize influence in Florida because of the number and expense of the media markets,"" he said. ""We have 11 expensive media markets, and creating an identity with voters is incredibly expensive.""

He predicted the primary alone could require candidates to spend up to $15 million.

There's also a chance the field could become more crowded in the weeks ahead. Florida's Supreme Court has yet to issue a final ruling on the state's contested congressional map, and if legislators are directed to redraw it, the changes would cause a domino effect that could make some House incumbents decide a run for Senate is more attractive than a tough reelection fight.

Schale indicated at least one candidate who's already opted out of the Senate race -- Gwen Graham, a freshman Democratic rising star who's facing a tough reelection fight in Florida's 2nd district -- could change her mind in such a situation.

""She'll reassess what her options will be and make a decision,"" said Schale, who described himself as close to the Democrat and said he speaks with her often.

He emphasized, however, ""absent something dramatically changing that is not in her control, there is no way she's not running for re-election.""

Others still are keeping their names in the mix. Gelber said he hasn't ""ruled it out,"" but that he's ""not right now prepared to do it,"" because of the significant time and energy commitment and his young family.

But he added: ""I'd have to see what happened in the race.""

Still, Democrats say if they do end up with a messy primary, it can't possibly rival the GOP's, which is facing a field in disarray after two top-tier candidates unexpectedly opted out. A number of conservative groups have already expressed support for tea party favorite Rep. Ron DeSantis, but a number of establishment-preferred candidates have shown interest, including Carlos Lopez-Cantera, the state's lieutenant governor.",1
49,"Bush slashes campaign budget, refocuses on key primary states","Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush is slashing his campaign budget with across-the-board pay cuts and other changes, overhauling an operation that started as a political juggernaut but now may need to stay lean to survive.

The one-time GOP front-runner has seen his political momentum undercut by outsider candidates Donald Trump and Ben Carson, who now lead in most polls, relegating the former Florida governor to the middle of the pack.

In a bid to recalibrate its strategy and operations, the Bush campaign plans to cut its budget by as much as 45 percent. This includes pay cuts of 40 percent, cuts to travel costs and a downsizing of its Miami headquarters staff, Fox News has learned.

The overall changes will save the campaign approximately $1 million a month, Bush senior sources say. In recent months, Bush's biggest expenses have been air travel and staff, having spent $1.6 million on payroll alone over three months.

An internal campaign memo on the changes, obtained by Fox News, acknowledged the shifting dynamics in the race.

""It's no secret that the contours of this race have changed from what was anticipated at the start. We would be less than forthcoming if we said we predicted in June that a reality television star supporting Canadian-style single-payer health care and partial-birth abortion would be leading the GOP Primary,"" the memo said.

The changes come despite a combined fundraising haul of well over $100 million by his campaign and a pro-Bush super PAC. In another setback for Bush, fellow Florida politician Sen. Marco Rubio has been gaining in the polls, often edging out Bush -- increasing frustration not only among some of Bush's network of donors, but also longtime Florida supporters.

The campaign is describing the budget changes as an effort to focus on what matters most: Increasing his presence in the early-voting states, with an eye toward laying out a modified path to winning the nomination.

""We are making changes today to ensure Jeb is best positioned to win the nomination and general election. Jeb is the one candidate with a proven conservative record, bold ideas and the strong leadership needed to fix the problems America faces,"" campaign spokeswoman Kristy Campbell said in a statement. ""We moving our resources into the states to ensure that voters in primary and caucus states are introduced to his record and vision for the future.""

In the internal memo, the Bush campaign also touted its extensive field operations in the early voting states of Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina, as well as its formidable fundraising effort that has raised roughly $25 million so far this year -- not counting the over $100 million raised by the pro-Bush super PAC, Right to Rise USA, that is separate from the campaign.

In the coming days, the campaign hopes to regain lost ground, and strengthen its overall message by concentrating on Bush's record as Florida governor where he cut state budgets and issued tax cuts. The mantra, according to the campaign, will be that ""Jeb Can Fix It.""

""We're going to focus the argument of this campaign around the fact that after seven years of incompetence, corruption and gridlock in Washington, we need a president 'Who Can Fix It.'"" The memo states. ""Jeb is the only person in the field on both sides of the aisle who can make this statement.""

The full e-book on Bush's tenure in Tallahassee will also be released in the ""next couple weeks,"" according to the internal memo.

 



Serafin Gomez covers Special Events and Politics for FOX News Channel and is also a contributor to FOX News Latino. Fin formerly worked as the Miami Bureau Producer for Fox News Channel where he covered Latin America. Follow him on Twitter: @Finnygo.

Follow us on twitter.com/foxnewslatino

 Like us at facebook.com/foxnewslatino",1
945,"Latest And Perhaps Last Debate Highlights Animosity Of Sanders, Clinton","Latest And Perhaps Last Debate Highlights Animosity Of Sanders, Clinton

If Bernie Sanders surprises pollsters and confounds expectations in the New York primary on Tuesday, April 19, his backers and staff will trumpet the effect of his ninth debate with rival Hillary Clinton on the night of April 14.

They will say the relentlessly aggressive strategy Sanders pursued in the latest CNN debate, with its steady stream of attacks on Clinton, provided the defining moment in a long campaign for a nomination that remains up for grabs.

And that assessment will have some basis in what took place.

But if Sanders' assault does not produce victory next week, then this latest Brooklyn faceoff may be the beginning of the end for Sanders' remarkable long-shot run. And it may also be the last debate in either party in this historically long and lacerating contest for the major party nominations.

On this occasion, both Sanders and Clinton showed flashes of animosity bordering on contempt. When Sanders suggested Clinton's 250-delegate lead was rooted in the deeply conservative Deep South, where he said she had ""cleaned our clock,"" Clinton angrily fired off a list of states she had won outside that region.

When Clinton said she had ""called out"" the big banks after the 2008 meltdown over mortgages, Sanders could not contain his sarcasm: ""They must have been very upset by this,"" he said, prompting howls of glee from his sizable contingent in the audience.

Throughout this event, the supporters of each candidate were loudly demonstrative, cheering not just at the end of answers but often at each sentence or phrase. At times, the raucous competition between the opposing contingents recalled competing grandstands at a high school basketball game.

They had more than ample provocation for their outbursts. Sanders put Clinton on the defensive regarding her vote on the Iraq War, her speeches to Wall Street firms and her late conversion to the $15-per-hour wage. He continued to hound her regarding the transcripts for her paid speeches to investment bankers.

But Clinton had Sanders back on his heels regarding his delayed release of tax returns, his remarks about NATO that recalled Donald Trump's denunciation of members of that alliance, and his empathy for Palestinians in the Middle East conflict. The latter position is especially sensitive in New York.

Prior to the addition of this debate to the calendar, the Democrats had seemed satisfied with eight debates. But the Sanders campaign pressed for another meeting prior to the New York primary. The clear strategy was to profit from the string of caucus-state victories Sanders has won in the West since mid-March, magnifying his momentum even as it failed to reduce Clinton's lead in delegates to any significant degree.

The debates have already reached an apparent end on the Republican side, where front-runner Trump has declined to participate in any more such events with remaining rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich.

The Democrats' debates began last fall, at which time Sanders offered a critique of Clinton that was relatively mild and muted and unlikely to disrupt the former senator and secretary of state's march to the nomination. He famously declined to criticize her on the vulnerable points of her private email server and the fatal attack on American diplomats in Benghazi in 2012.

But since then, as the primaries and caucuses have evolved and Clinton's lead among pledged delegates has remained stubbornly above 200, Sanders has chosen, or been forced, to adopt a different tack.

His campaign inner circle, which had long favored a more challenging approach, was able to make an urgent case: If you do not beat her in New York, where will you amass the delegates needed to overtake her in the pledged-delegate category?

Polls show Clinton leading by double digits in the state she represented in the Senate. Polls also show her with similar advantages in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware and Connecticut — all of which vote a week later, on April 26.

It should be noted that polls have been proved wrong in the past, especially where enthusiasm for Clinton on the primary voting day has been lacking in core constituency groups. Her double-digit lead in most polls prior to the Michigan primary in early March seemed to have vanished almost overnight when that state held its vote on March 8.

That could be why, in recent pronouncements, Sanders has repeatedly assailed Clinton's fitness for the nation's highest office by questioning her judgment. In general, he says, she has the resume to run for president. But does she have the judgment? He has returned to her vote for the use-of-force resolution that enabled President George W. Bush to invade Iraq in 2003. And he has made a major theme of her paid speeches to investment bankers.

These attacks on Clinton are consonant with Sanders' larger indictment of the banking system, Wall Street, the financing of political campaigns in general and the presumptuous nature of the Clinton campaign in particular.

Both Clinton and Sanders argued in this debate that they would be the strongest prospective nominee against Trump (or another Republican nominee) in November.

Sanders noted that he does better in the polls, meaning that in hypothetical matchups against the various Republican candidates, he scores better than Clinton. Clinton noted that she had received 2.3 million votes more than Sanders thus far in the primaries (and about half that many more than Trump), giving her a lead among pledged delegates far above what Barack Obama enjoyed when he defeated Clinton for the nomination in 2008.

Sanders has suggested that Clinton's lead is based on her domination among the so-called superdelegates, who are entitled to vote at the national convention by virtue of their elected public office or party office. These delegates make up about 16 percent of the Democratic total. They have thus far shown a decided, even overwhelming, preference for Clinton.",1
3163,One chart that shows why the Republican Party was ready for Donald Trump,"Immigration reform used to be an issue that split both parties: Pro-business Republicans faced off against cultural conservatives, while within the Democratic Party Latino advocates faced off against labor.

But over the past 10 years, immigration has become a partisan issue.

This change isn't just a shift in where politicians take certain policy questions. It's also a change in whether Americans think that immigrants, in general, are a good thing for America:

To a certain extent, polarization on immigration in Washington and polarization among voters reinforce each other.

In 2005, when comprehensive immigration reform was a key priority of President George W. Bush, Republicans and Democrats were about equally likely to think that immigrants strengthened America. Once Bush's successor, Barack Obama, started stressing the need for comprehensive immigration reform, though, Republicans were much less likely to look favorably on immigrants — according to Pew's findings, Republican attitudes changed precipitously between late 2009 and summer 2010.

But this isn't the whole story, because the debate in Washington over comprehensive immigration reform has always had a tenuous relationship to how Americans actually feel about immigrants.

Historically, even the ""anti-amnesty"" politicians who opposed comprehensive immigration reform stressed that immigrants were welcome in America as long as they came (and stayed) legally. For most Americans, though, the difference that matters isn't between legal and unauthorized immigrants — it's between immigrants they find likely to assimilate into ""American culture"" and those who (they believe) cannot.

Americans are much more ambivalent about immigrants, in general, than you might expect from listening to politicians talk about immigration — or than you might guess by looking at polling for various immigration reform proposals.

For many white Americans over the past couple of decades, that ambivalence has hardened into a constellation of stereotypes: associating ""immigrant"" with ""illegal immigrant,"" ""illegal immigrant"" with ""Latino immigrant,"" and ""Latino immigrant"" with ""criminal.""

This is the genius of Donald Trump's presidential campaign: His rhetoric homes in directly on the things that actually worry many Americans about immigrants, rather than using economic or legal arguments as a way to gesture toward cultural fears.

But as the chart shows, Trump wasn't just exploiting a sentiment among American voters — he's exploiting a sentiment among specifically Republican voters.

The changes shown in the Pew chart don't just reflect Democrats or Republicans changing their minds about whether immigrants are good for America. (In fact, most of the people changing their minds are embracing immigrants; overall, the most recent Pew poll found 59 percent of Americans agree that immigration strengthens the country, which is the highest level of support in 20 years.)

They reflect changes in who identifies as a Republican or a Democrat.

Over the past 20 years, the Democratic Party has gotten markedly more ethnically diverse...

...as white voters have increasingly identified with Republicans:

Not all of the white voters who have switched parties are motivated by anti-Latino sentiment. But the voters who are motivated by anti-Latino sentiment are particularly likely to have switched parties.

Before 2000, there was a correlation between negative feelings toward Latinos and identifying as strongly Republican. But that was just a side effect; how people felt toward black Americans was a much better predictor of how strongly they identified with the GOP.

In the 21st century, the two have diverged. All else being equal — even sentiment toward African Americans — a white American in 2008 who felt negatively toward Latinos was likely to be more strongly Republican (one-third of a point on a seven-point scale from strong Republican to strong Democrat) than someone who felt positively toward them.

There's no indication that the trend has abated since 2008. Indeed, the Pew polling shows that sentiment toward immigrants among Republicans hit new lows in May 2015, with only 27 percent of Republicans saying immigrants strengthened America. That was just before Donald Trump launched his presidential campaign.

While Donald Trump didn't make Republicans wary of immigrants' effect on America, though, he does appear to have made the remaining skeptics in the Democratic Party embrace them.

In May 2015, on the eve of Trump's campaign launch, 62 percent of Democrats said that immigrants strengthened America. In March 2016, 78 percent said they did — a 16-percentage-point jump.

That's the biggest reason pro-immigrant sentiment is at a 20-year high: The Democrats who hadn't already embraced immigrants are doing so now.

If that holds, it will complete the last phase of the partisanization of immigration. Republican voters are already fairly united in their distrust of immigrants, and many Republican politicians are following their lead. Democratic politicians, meanwhile, are fairly united in their support of immigrants. And now, Democratic voters appear to be embracing their identity as the pro-immigrant party.",1
4212,GOP Delegate: Trump Primary Wins 'Absolutely Irrelevant' At Convention,"Just how far could Republicans go to deny Donald Trump the party's nomination?

A delegate to this summer's convention in Cleveland asserts that the GOP gathering could do anything it wants.

Curly Haugland, a GOP national committeeman from North Dakota, told Morning Edition on Thursday of his interpretation of party rules. Not for the first time, Haugland declared that party rules do not bind any delegate to vote for any particular candidate. He argues that even delegates who are ""pledged"" to Trump or other contenders due to state primary results are, in reality, free to do as they like.

Custom, Haugland said, may dictate that delegates should support the winners of their state primaries. But the reality of the rules is that primary votes are ""absolutely irrelevant"" come convention time.

""No matter what the popular belief might be,"" he said, ""there is no connection between primaries and the actual convention.""

In our interview and in other conversations, Haugland has cited the GOP's convention Rules 37 and 38. He interprets these convoluted rules to mean that delegates may ""vote their conscience."" The rules do not explicitly say this. Rule 37 is a detailed explanation of the procedure for roll call votes. However, Rule 38 does say that no delegate may be ""bound"" by the ""unit rule,"" meaning that delegates from a state can't all be forced to vote the same way.

Haugland's interpretation is by no means a unanimous view. It's more widely accepted that delegates currently pledged to Trump, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, or others must support them at least on the first ballot. But if no candidate received a majority, delegates would necessarily vote in different ways on later ballots in order to resolve the impasse.

Another of Haugland's points is indisputable: ""When the convention convenes,"" he said, ""the delegates adopt their own rules, which haven't been adopted yet."" There is a standard template for conventions, but delegates could tweak the template, changing the game in any way that they want. The only real constraint is that their actions would be publicly known and therefore open to criticism.

The latitude afforded delegates explains why it's considered significant that Senator Ted Cruz has outmaneuvered Trump in several states, ensuring that as many delegates as possible are Cruz supporters.

Haugland says his personal goal is to adopt a rule that assures delegates the chance to choose from a wide range of alternatives, including candidates such as Jeb Bush or Marco Rubio who have suspended their campaigns.

Listen to our conversation at the link above.",1
3668,Huckabee: Planned Parenthood shooting is 'domestic terrorism',"The former Arkansas governor and Republican presidential contender who's known for his social conservatism admonished the alleged shooter in an interview with CNN's Brianna Keilar Sunday on ""State of the Union.

""What he did is domestic terrorism, and what he did is absolutely abominable, especially to us in the pro-life movement, because there's nothing about any of us that would condone or in any way look the other way on something like this,"" Huckabee said.

""We're not going to have the kind of language that you heard from John Kerry where he talked about legitimizing or rationalizing terrorist actions,"" Huckabee said. ""There's no legitimizing, there's no rationalizing. It was mass murder. It was absolutely unfathomable. And there's no excuse for killing other people, whether it's happening inside the Planned Parenthood headquarters, inside their clinics where many millions of babies die, or whether it's people attacking Planned Parenthood."" In the interview, Huckabee also took shots at President Barack Obama over the tone of his remarks about ISIS and the acceptance of Syrian refugees into the United States in the wake of the Paris attacks. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee speaks at the Point of Grace Church for the Iowa Faith & Freedom Coalition 2015 Spring Kick Off on April 25, 2015, in Waukee. The Republican is expected to announce May 5 he is running for president. Huckabee was born in the same Arkansas town as former President Bill Clinton. He is an ordained Baptist minister. Huckabee, here at a the Iowa Ag Summit in March 2015, served two terms as governor. Huckabee, center, visits the Western Wall in Jerusalem on February 1, 2010. In 2008, he debuted a weekend show for Fox News titled ""Huckabee."" He ended the program in early 2015. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee speaks during the NRA-ILA Leadership Forum in Nashville, Tennessee, in April 2015. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee delivers remarks to the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at the Washington Marriott Wardman Park on February 10, 2012. Huckabee is surrounded by supporters and members of the news media after talking about his new book, 'A Simple Government: Twelve Things We Really Need from Washington (and a Trillion that We Don't!),' at the National Press Club on February 24, 2011, in Washington, D.C. Former Gov. Mike Huckabee signs a copy of his new book, 'A Simple Government: Twelve Things We Really Need from Washington (and a Trillion that We Don't!),' at the National Press Club on February 24, 2011. Huckabee attends a corner stone dedication ceremony for a new Jewish settlement in East Jerusalem on January 31, 2011. Mike Huckabee speaks to guests at the Iowa Freedom Summit on January 24, 2015, in Des Moines, Iowa. The politician plays bass guitar with his band Capitol Offense. T The band has opened for Willie Nelson and the Charlie Daniels Band and has played for two presidential inauguration balls. Huckabee (second from right), students and others attend the May 14, 2010, NAMM Foundation Wanna Play Fund event at Fox News studios in New York. The initiative, in conjunction with the VH1 Save the Music Foundation, includes instrument donations. Huckabee visits the West Bank settlement of Beit El, near Ramallah, on August 18, 2009. He issued controversial statements in support of Israeli settlements. Republicans to Obama: Keep Syrian refugees out ""This President has shown considerable more intensity of anger toward Republicans than he has toward ISIS,"" Huckabee said. ""I mean I remember those press conferences -- the one in Manila and the one in Turkey prior to that -- where you could see the visible, visceral anger this President had as he spoke about Republicans. And he was so frustrated that there was not just a universal acceptance of his point of view about relocation of refugees, calling people who disagreed with him as un-American,"" Huckabee said. ""It was harsh. And I just want him to show the same kind of anger directed toward the ISIS terrorists , and frankly, all the radical Islamists, that we saw from the French President (Francois) Hollande ,"" he said. ""That's what we all need to do -- the family of civilized nations needs to get together and we need to destroy them once and for all."" Sign up for CNN Politics' Nightcap newsletter, serving up today's best and tomorrow's essentials in politics.",1
1157,"Refusing to sit on Lead, Trump Gets Bitter in Republican Debate","The New York billionaire went into the CBS debate with a head of steam, having won New Hampshire last Tuesday and holding a big lead in polls in South Carolina a week before Republicans vote on Feb. 20.

Rather than play it safe, Trump responded to every comment leveled his way, interrupted his opponents at will and called them liars repeatedly in an emotional outburst that could raise more questions about whether he has the temperament to serve in the White House.

He made his most blistering attacks against Bush and his brother, former President George W. Bush, who has many admirers in the Republican establishment.

It was hard to declare a winner in the debate amid the constant volley of insults, not all of them from Trump. Cruz and fellow Senator Marco Rubio also took pointed jabs at each other over illegal immigration.

But Trump dominated the debate conservation on Twitter with 40 percent of the mentions, according to data from the micro-blogging platform.

Trump's combative style has set the tone for much of the campaign but in recent days he had pledged to pursue a more measured, positive approach. At the debate, that strategy lasted only through his comments about Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, who was found dead on Saturday.

Trump was quickly goaded when Bush criticized Trump's past statements that Russia has a role to play in Syria. Russia, Bush said, is not attacking Islamic State militants but instead helping Syrian President Bashir Assad, who Washington wants to leave power.

Trump blasted Bush's brother for launching the Iraq war in 2003 over claims, later proven false, that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction.

""A big, fat mistake,"" said Trump, noting that the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks had also occurred on Bush's watch.

""George Bush made a mistake,"" Trump thundered. ""We all make mistakes. But that one was a beauty ... They lied! They said there were weapons of mass destruction. And there were none.""

Many in the crowd booed Trump and the Republican front-runner dismissed them as ""lobbyists and special interests"" supporting the former Florida governor.

Bush, who has wilted in the past under assault from Trump, stood firm this time. He will campaign with his brother George on Monday in North Charleston, South Carolina.

""I'm sick and tired of him going after my family,"" Bush said. ""My dad is the greatest man alive in my mind. While Donald Trump was building a reality TV show, my brother was building a security apparatus to keep us safe. And I'm proud of what he did.

""He had the gall to go after my mother,"" Bush said, reminding the audience that Trump had criticized his 90-year-old mother, Barbara Bush, wife of former President George H.W. Bush. ""My mother is the strongest woman I know.""

""She should be running,"" Trump responded.

Bush provoked another outburst from Trump by saying the Republican nominee should be someone ""who doesn't brag, for example, that he has been bankrupt four times.""

""That's another lie,"" Trump said. ""I never went bankrupt.""

Trump also was drawn into a fight with Cruz over whether the real estate developer is sufficiently conservative. Trump called himself a ""common-sense conservative,"" which Cruz dismissed.

""If Donald Trump is president he will appoint liberals to the Supreme Court,"" Cruz said.

""You are the biggest liar,"" Trump said sharply.

As they tried to talk over each other, Cruz chided Trump by saying, ""Donald, adults do not interrupt each other.""

Ohio Governor John Kasich, who finished second in the New Hampshire primary last Tuesday and who pushes an optimistic message, called for calm.

""These attacks, some of them are personal. I think we're fixing to lose the election to (Democratic front-runner) Hillary Clinton,"" he said.

Cruz and Rubio renewed their battle over who is the toughest on illegal immigration with Cruz insisting that the Florida senator, as part of a Gang of Eight senators who sought a compromise on legislation in 2013, was for ""amnesty"" but now is against it for political purposes.

He insisted that Rubio had said in Spanish on Univision that he would not rescind an executive order signed by President Barack Obama in support of the children of illegal immigrants.

Rubio shot back: ""I don't know how he knows what I said on Univision because he doesn't speaking Spanish.""

As the crowd roared, Rubio said Cruz is ""telling lies... He's lying about all sorts of things and now he makes things up.""

Before the clashes broke out, the Republican candidates urged Obama not to nominate a successor to Scalia, saying it should be up to the next president to decide.",1
1239,Why I'm more worried about Marco Rubio than Donald Trump,"Update: On March 13, 2016 I realized I was wrong about this.

When not delighting in the epic meltdown of establishment Republican Party politics, many people I know — my wife, my boss, etc. — are expressing terror at the notion that Donald Trump might actually become president of the United States.

I'm more sanguine. Not out of any particular love for Trump, but because he's actually running on a much less extreme agenda than his ""establishment"" rival Marco Rubio, who's offering a platform of economic ruin, multiple wars, and an attack on civil liberties that's nearly as vicious as anything Trump has proposed — even while wrapping it in an edgy, anxious, overreaction-prone approach to politics that heavily features big risky bets and huge, unpredictable changes in direction.

Rubio has proposed a tax cut that will reduce federal revenue by $6.8 trillion over 10 years. Numbers that large don't mean anything to people, so for comparison's sake let's say that if we entirely eliminated American military spending over that period we still couldn't quite pay for it.

But of course Rubio doesn't want to eliminate military spending — he wants to spend more. He also promises to avoid any cuts to Social Security and Medicare for people currently at or near retirement. For good measure, he is also proposing a balanced-budget amendment to the Constitution. You could eliminate the entire non-defense discretionary budget and you'd still need $100 billion to $200 billion more per year in cuts to make this work.

This is, of course, totally unworkable. And the process that led Rubio to this point is telling and troubling.

Rubio entered the Senate at a time when an intellectual movement known as ""reform"" was hot in conservative circles, which argued that Republicans should concentrate less on supply-side tax cuts and more on tax policy focused on the working class. This originally took the form of a $2.4 trillion tax cut plan crafted by Utah Sen. Mike Lee that Rubio signed on to but then kept transforming into a larger and more regressive tax cut, as Rubio came under pressure from the supply-side wing of the party and it became clear that the constituency for ""reform"" conservatism was limited to a handful of media figures. Eager to prove that his dalliance with the reformocons was over, he actually ended up proposing to entirely eliminate taxes on investment income, meaning that billionaire captains of industry could end up paying nothing at all.

The upshot is a plan that is costly and regressive, yet paired with other commitments around entitlements, military spending, and constitutional amendments that make it completely impossible.

Trump's tax plan is even costlier than Rubio's by most measures. But in his defense, he barely ever talks about it and hasn't compounded the cost problem with a balanced-budget amendment or a firm commitment to enormous quantities of new military spending.

Rubio's approach to world affairs essentially repeats the ""let's have it all and who cares if it adds up"" mentality of his fiscal policy. His solution to every problem is to confront some foreign country more aggressively, with no regard to the idea of trade-offs or tensions between goals or limits to how much the United States can bite off at any particular time.

He'd start things off by alienating Latin American allies by undoing the Obama administration's normalization of relations with Cuba in order to return to a decades-long failed policy of isolation.

But that's small potatoes compared with the consequences of Rubio's pledge to cancel the nuclear deal with Iran on day one. He isn't too worried that this will lead to Iran building a nuclear weapon because there will be a ""credible threat of military force if Iran decides to ramp up its program."" He also wants to deploy more American troops to Syria and Iraq to fight ISIS.

He wants to attack ships and aircraft bound for North Korea that are ""suspected of carrying material related to North Korea’s nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs."" He is also hoping to convince China to help with the Korea situation, but his China policy calls for tougher measures to ""stand on the side of freedom and human rights, both inside China and on its periphery.""

He also wants to send more weapons to Ukraine, increase sanctions on Russia, move more heavy weapons into Eastern Europe, and clarify ""that there will be no U.S.-Russia cooperation in the fight against ISIL until Russia brokers the departure of Bashar al-Assad from power.""

We really did have a president who tried to govern this way for a year or two. His name was George W. Bush, and starting some time in 2004 he realized it was unworkable. With a larger army already occupying Iraq and a smaller one in Afghanistan, there was no way to make coercive military force the main terms of relating to Iran and North Korea, to say nothing of Russia and China.

Over the next several years, Bush steadily recognized the need to pull back and adopt a more realistic approach to dealing with the world. Not everyone in the Republican Party was happy with this retrenchment, and Rubio is essentially running as the candidate of that faction that wishes Condoleezza Rice never rose in stature to check Dick Cheney's influence and Robert Gates never came in to replace Don Rumsfeld.

In contrast to Rubio, Trump is more prone to offering simply ignorant remarks but also has considerably more restrained instincts. Trump essentially takes the world-conquering nationalism of George W. Bush and turns it inward, offering suspicion of outsiders and a reluctance to launch new wars. This kind of quasi-isolationist thinking isn't exactly my cup of tea, but it certainly reduces the risk of utter catastrophe relative to a return to high Bushism.

Of course, what has most high-minded liberals alarmed about Donald Trump isn't his tax or foreign policies — it's his bashing of Muslims and immigrants to the United States.

But while Rubio clearly didn't get into the race to push these issues, his response to Trump's rise has been telling and alarming. After the Paris attacks, Trump vowed to shut down mosques where radical preaching might be taking place; Rubio said that didn't go far enough and that a Rubio administration would be willing to stamp out Muslims' freedom of assembly wherever it might present itself. He told Fox News:

Rubio said Trump's proposed ban on Muslim immigration wouldn't pass muster constitutionally but agrees we should block any Syrian refugees from entering the country. Rubio also opposed a bipartisan effort to curb the National Security Agency mass surveillance and promises to permanently extend mass surveillance as president.

Most famously, of course, Rubio was a leading proponent of a bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill until it became clear that he'd underestimated the extent of conservative opposition to the idea and began furiously denouncing his own work. Now, Rubio is an enforcement-first guy, who takes such a dim view of both immigration and any concept of limits to the power of the federal government that he wants to cut off all federal funds to towns and cities whose local police departments have chosen to deprioritize immigration enforcement work in favor of crimes that do actual damage to human life and property.

Under pressure from Ted Cruz, Rubio is now promising to start deporting DREAMers as soon as he takes office. He's even turned a wink-nudge promise to bring back torture as an instrument of government policy into an applause line in debates and on the stump.

Nobody knows what lurks in Rubio's heart on these matters, of course. But one could say the same about Trump. What we do know for sure is that Rubio's strategy for beating back the most repugnant aspects of Trumpism is to imitate them.

More than any particular policy stance, what is perhaps most troubling about the ebbs and flows of Rubio's positioning is the larger picture they paint of a tendency toward systematic overreaction.

In the wake of Rubio's funny-but-not-serious debate gaffe where he repeated the same canned line several times, McKay Coppins wrote:

I sympathize with this a lot. Two or three days before the launch of Vox.com, I succumbed to my personal occasional propensity to panic and was insisting that we had to delay or cancel the debut of the site. The good news is that more levelheaded voices prevailed.

The even better news is that it is extremely unlikely that I am going to become president of the United States. And I like to think that if the possibility did present itself, my friends, allies, and advisers would have the good sense to politely suggest that a ""propensity to panic in moments of crisis, both real and imagined"" is not a great quality in a chief executive, and that addressing the substantive concern would be a more valuable contribution to the nation than laboring to keep it from public view.

But so far, playing his hand aggressively has paid off for Rubio. He beat a sitting governor to get into the Senate, and has displaced his own mentor as the favorite of the party establishment. Many of Rubio's moves have looked reckless, but many of them have paid off. And reckless moves that didn't pay off — like the reformocon tax cut or the Gang of Eight immigration bill — haven't killed him either, because he was able to swing hard and fast enough in the other direction to stay alive.

As president, Rubio would likely stick with the approach that's worked for him so far — gambling hard and counting on his ability to swerve sharply if something like launching his presidency by provoking a major international crisis around Iran turns out to create some problems.

If we're all very lucky, it just might work. But I have some concerns.",1
4645,How mega-donors helped raise $1 billion for Hillary Clinton,"It was a few weeks before Hillary Clinton would announce her 2016 presidential bid, and she was already worried about money.

“Can we discuss the fundraising plans for first quarter?” her top aide Huma Abedin wrote to other senior staffers in March 2015, noting that Clinton was concerned.

“Is the issue that she’s doing too much? Too little?” asked campaign manager Robby Mook.

At the time, donors to the former Florida governor were socking millions into a super PAC, pushing the limits of campaign-finance rules. The stockpiling of seven-figure checks before Bush even declared his candidacy spurred a flurry of anxious conversations between Clinton and her staff, according to hacked emails posted by WikiLeaks.

But the former secretary of state had her own financial weapon: a network of political backers that she and her husband, former president Bill Clinton, had methodically cultivated over 40 years.

Determined not to fall behind in the money race, Hillary Clinton ramped up her appeals to rich donors and shrugged off restrictions that President Obama had imposed on his fundraising team.

Even as her advisers fretted about the perception that she was too cozy with wealthy interests, they agreed to let lobbyists bundle checks for her campaign, including those representing some foreign governments, the emails show. Top aides wooed major donors for super PACs, taking advantage of the leeway that campaigns have to legally collaborate with the groups on fundraising.

The effort paid off. Together with the party and pro-Clinton super PACs, the Democratic nominee had amassed $1.14 billion to support her campaign by the end of September — on par with what Obama and his allies brought in for his 2012 reelection bid. GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, who did not begin fundraising in earnest until the end of May, had collected $712 million, including $56 million of his own money.

Unlike Obama, Clinton fully embraced super PACs from the very beginning of her race, helping pull in larger checks from donors than the president did. An analysis by The Washington Post found that more than a fifth of the $1 billion donated to help her bid was given by just 100 wealthy individuals and labor unions — many with a long history of contributing to the Clintons. The analysis included contributions to her campaigns, joint fundraising committees, national parties, convention host committees and single-candidate super PACs.

The top five donors together contributed one out of every $17 for her 2016 run: hedge fund manager S. Donald Sussman ($20.6 million); Chicago venture capitalist J.B. Pritzker and his wife, M.K. ($16.7 million); Univision chairman Haim Saban and his wife, Cheryl ($11.9 million); hedge fund titan George Soros ($9.9 million); and SlimFast founder S. Daniel Abraham ($9.7 million).

Since modern-day campaign finance rules were put in place in the 1970s in the wake of the Watergate scandal, no president has ever been elected with the help of wealthy contributors who doled out such huge sums. The possibilities changed with the 2010 advent of super PACs, which can accept unlimited sums from individuals and corporations.

“I would prefer if the limits were much smaller, but that’s the way it is,” Abraham, 92, said in an interview. He and his wife made 26 contributions to the Clintons’ campaigns between 1994 and 2008, which together totaled $461,000, according to a database built by The Post. This year, he has given nearly 21 times that amount.

Sussman, Clinton’s top backer, said his top priority is dismantling the big-money system that has flourished in the wake of the Supreme Court’s Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission decision.

“It’s very odd to be giving millions when your objective is to actually get the money out of politics,” Sussman said. “I am a very strong supporter of publicly financed campaigns, and I think the only way to accomplish that is to get someone like Secretary Clinton, who is committed to cleaning up the unfortunate disaster created by the activist court in Citizens United.”

Clinton has emerged as both one of the sharpest critics and biggest beneficiaries of the new campaign-finance landscape.

On the campaign trail, she has repeatedly called for an overhaul of how elections are financed and vowed to overturn the Citizens United ruling, which allowed corporations to spend money on independent political activity. She has also pledged to sign an executive order requiring federal contractors to disclose political spending and to create a matching system for small donors in federal races.

“More than 2.6 million Americans have donated to this campaign because they know Hillary Clinton is the best candidate to bring us toward a more inclusive society with an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top,” said spokesman Josh Schwerin.

But Clinton would also enter the White House deeply indebted to a group of elite donors who have backed her and her husband for decades — helping raise $4 billion for their political and philanthropic causes over the years, according to an analysis by The Post.

An investigation by The Post last year found that the Clintons kept donors in their orbit for years by methodically wooing competing interest groups and balancing their liberal base with powerful business constituencies such as Wall Street and the tech sector.

Top allies have financed not only their political causes, but their legal needs and their philanthropy. About half of the money they have raised — more than $2 billion — went to the Clinton Foundation, which has financed access to HIV treatments around the world, promoted early literacy programs and trained African farmers on improving their crop yields. The foundation’s fundraising has also generated controversy in this year’s campaign, as critics have seized upon its acceptance of money from foreign governments while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.

Separately, donors gave $888 million to support Bill Clinton’s two presidential runs, Hillary Clinton’s two Senate campaigns and her 2008 presidential bid, according to campaign

finance records.

As she ramped up her 2016 bid, Clinton’s advisers worried that her call for a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United — a long-shot policy goal — would not be enough to combat the view that she was closely aligned with wealthy interests.

In a May 2015 discussion about possible campaign finance proposals Clinton could endorse, Dan Schwerin, director of speechwriting, wrote that he was concerned about “complaints of hypocrisy.”

“Policy alone won’t make the cognitive dissonance go away, in fact it might heighten it,” he added. “But having her make the unilateral disarmament argument directly and maybe even some straight talk that cuts to the core of people’s concerns about her relationship with donors in general, might help.”

At the same time, her campaign was contending with a new reality: The political world had changed since Clinton’s last run for office. Super PACs were now central players in campaigns. And many of her GOP rivals, including Bush and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, were pushing the bounds of the use of such groups.

[It’s bold, but legal: How campaigns and their super PAC backers work together]

The Republicans’ aggressiveness — and the lack of response from regulators — alarmed Clinton. In early May 2015, she forwarded her advisers an article about the lack of enforcement by the polarized Federal Election Commission, which is charged with policing election rules.

“What do you suggest we do?” she asked.

“I have no magic solutions other than execution,” responded campaign chairman John Podesta, adding that the campaign needed to expand its network of fundraisers who bundle checks and “get Priorities functional,” a reference to Priorities USA Action, the main super PAC backing Clinton.

“We should also ask BHO to do more in light of this, although they are kind of prissy about how they approach this,” he added, referring to Obama.

Mook agreed: “I think we focus hard on raising as much as we can and then throw the kitchen sink at everyone who we believe steps over the line, understanding that has limited impact.”

The Clinton campaign has refused to confirm the authenticity of the emails posted by WikiLeaks, which were allegedly hacked from Podesta’s personal account. Government officials have already officially accused Russia of attempting to interfere in the U.S. election, including through a previous hack of the Democratic National Committee, and are investigating whether Russian intelligence services are behind the Podesta hack.

The emails show that Clinton decided to step up her own fundraising schedule that spring even if, as Adebin noted at one point, it made the schedule “a little crazy.”

And she decided to forgo some of the self-imposed limitations that Obama had put on his own fundraising. The campaign decided to not only let lobbyists bundle checks, but, after extensive internal debate, permitted some of those registered as representing foreign governments to raise money as well.

Mook explained to other top advisers that the campaign’s outside attorney, Marc Elias, “made a convincing case to me this am that these sorts of restrictions don’t really get you anything . . . that Obama actually got judged MORE harshly as a result,” he wrote. “He convinced me. So . . . in a complete U-turn, I’m ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks. Are you guys ok with that?”

Clinton and her aides also sent clear signals early on that they wanted supporters to back Priorities USA, which had originally formed to support Obama’s reelection despite his objections to super PACs.

In an April 2015 memo, Elias laid out the ways that super PACs and the campaign could legally interact, noting that the campaign could share the names of prospective donors with Priorities — including how much they might be willing to give. Campaign officials could not explicitly tell the super PAC how much to ask for, he stressed. But they could say something like, “Donor A works in financial services and has been a long-time contributor. I think she’d be willing to do six figures for Priorities,” he wrote.

Clinton also got a boost from another super PAC, Correct the Record, led by her ally David Brock, which coordinates directly with the campaign on opposition research, taking advantage of an exemption designed for bloggers.

To donors, the different groups were often presented as pieces of a unified enterprise.

Four days before Clinton officially jumped in the race, retired banker Herb Sandler got an email from a Washington fundraiser working for Priorities USA Action who introduced himself as “the Finance Director for Hillary Clinton’s superpac,” according a message Sandler forwarded to Podesta. Two months later, Sandler gave Priorities $1 million.

Podesta was recruited to pitch major donors to support both the campaign and Priorities as he traveled around the country, the emails show. After a trip to San Francisco in December 2015, Podesta reported back that Sandler was willing to give the maximum contribution to a joint fundraising committee between Clinton’s campaign and the Democratic Party.

“He is also prepared to double down on his Priorities support as well,” Podesta added.

“Thanks, John!!!!!” responded national finance director Dennis Cheng, punctuating his message with the hashtag “#ChairmanCash.”

[Univision chair, a Clinton donor, urged campaign to hit Trump on immigration]

The emails show that Clinton’s aides were intensely focused on locking up the support of labor unions — a source of cash and ground troops — and often agonized over how to keep them on board amid competing political interests.

In April 2015, after attending a gathering of major liberal donors, senior policy adviser Ann O’Leary noted that “a number of our friends” — including the Service Employees International Union — wanted Clinton to back organized labor’s “Fight for 15” campaign to raise the minimum wage.

“Can we do something creative to support efforts without coming out for a number?” she asked.

Two months later, Clinton garnered huge cheers when she called in to a convention of fast-food workers, telling them “thank you for marching in the streets to get that living wage” — stopping short of endorsing a specific figure for the minimum wage.

SEIU President Mary Kay Henry dashed off a note to Podesta with the subject line, “It worked!”

“I looked around the stage and most fast food leaders had tears streaming down their face,” she wrote, adding that the sentiment in the room was, “She’s on our side.”

“Amazing,” responded Abedin when a staffer forwarded her the note. “Hope you shared with HRC!”

SEIU officials said Henry’s email was referring to the support Clinton has shown for working families on a variety of issues, adding that members of the union have felt even more energized by her candidacy as the election has drawn closer.

In the fall of 2015, the SEIU endorsed Clinton, who has since expressed support for a $15 minimum wage. The union donated $1 million to Priorities and is spending tens of millions on an independent field effort to turn out voters in battleground states.

Wealthy individuals supporting Clinton also frequently weighed in with requests and advice, the emails show.

One regular correspondent was Saban, a dual Israeli-American citizen who dispensed ideas about how to appeal to Latino and Jewish voters.

After Trump described Mexican immigrants as rapists and drug dealers in his speech announcing his run for president, Saban spurred the campaign to respond more forcefully. He urged Clinton aides to call Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.) on the fact that he had super PAC backing, like Clinton. And he encouraged the former secretary of state “to differentiate herself from Obama on Israel.”

“It can easily be done w/o criticizing the President,” he wrote in June 2015, adding that she should “speak strongly against anti-Semitism, and boycott, reaffirm the US commitment to Israel’s security +anything else your research tells you the Jewish community is sensitive to.

“This is NOT a NY or California issue,,,,it is a Florida one,” he added. “Pls LMK how I can help here.”

The next year, when Clinton expanded her delegate lead over Sanders in the March 15 primaries, Saban sent Podesta, Mook and Abedin a jubilant message.

“Cheryl and I are so very happy...... relieved....... And looking forward to continued success,” he wrote. “Onward and forward.”

“Thank YOU for making it possible!!” Mook responded.

“SHE is the one that made it happen with you guys and your teams by her side,” Saban replied. “Thank you for saying what you said about us but we’re just on the periphery.”

Note: An earlier version of this story erroneously referred to the late wife of SlimFast founder S. Daniel Abraham. Abraham’s wife is alive.",1
2374,Worth a shot: Former Pennsylvania police officer's vending machines sell ammo,"You can buy snacks, condoms, fishing bait, marijuana and even gold from vending machines, so Sam Piccinini figured, “Why not bullets?”

A 25-year police department veteran who now runs his own ammunition manufacturing and wholesale business, Piccinini, of Rochester, Pa., has two of his retrofitted vending machines at his local gun club. The machines, which sell nearly every caliber of bullet from .22 to .45, are doing a brisk business and, Piccinini said, other clubs want his machines.

“I have clubs lining up at my door wanting them,” Piccinini told FoxNews.com. “I have five clubs chomping at the bit, wanting these machines.”

Piccinini, who owns Master Ammo Co., a licensed manufacturer of ammunition, said he got the idea two years ago, when bullet shortages around the nation left members of the Beaver Valley Rifle & Pistol Club unable to buy the “non-jacketed” rounds preferred at most shooting ranges.

First, Piccinini asked local attorney Eugene Martucci if such a machine would be legal. Told such a device could be operated lawfully, Piccinini bought a vending machine and had some modifications made to it, allowing it to accept larger bills and credit cards and to hoist and dispense bags of .45-caliber Automatic Colt Pistol cartridges. He figures he spent about $4,000 on the first vending machine. He now has two of them at the club and a third ready to be deployed.

Piccinini’s machines sell both handgun and rifle ammunition, which are regulated differently. In Pennsylvania, people ages 18 and over can buy long gun ammunition and people over 21 can buy bullets for handguns. Critics say selling from a machine, without an attendant to ensure the purchase is legal, poses a problem.

Piccinini likens his machines to cigarette vending machines in social clubs, noting that a prominent sticker on them states, “You must be 21 years of age to purchase ammunition for use in handguns from this machine.” Since the club does not admit minors without adult guardians, and since anyone entering must pass through a security gate and swipe an ID card to enter, Piccinini does not believe there is a risk of illicit sales.

“It's not like someone walking off the street can get in and buy ammunition,” Piccinini said.

Selling bullets out of a vending machine, as opposed to over a counter, is ""not a big deal,"" said Ladd Everitt, spokesman for the Washington-based pro-gun control group Coalition to Stop Gun Violence.

""Ammunition is widely available at ranges to begin with,and we don't take issue with that,"" Everitt said. ""If they put it in a school, call me back.""

The federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives regulates sales of ammunition, and Piccinini has permits allowing him to manufacture, sell and even export guns and ammunition. Stephen Bartholomew, of the BATFE's Philadelphia field office, told the BeaverCountian.com he had never come across vending machines that sell ammunition.

“I don’t want to speculate as to what is or is not happening in this particular situation, but a licensee cannot sell ammunition to anyone under the age of 18 and, importantly, you cannot sell handgun ammunition to individuals under the age of 21,” he said.

The club makes no money off of sales or for renting space for the machines, which Piccinini, who sells ammunition to retailers and police departments in Pennsylvania, hopes will become a growing part of his company.

“The club doesn’t receive any profits and the machines are strictly there for the convenience of its members,” said Piccinini.

The club is not looking for publicity for the machines, according to its president, Bill Fortuna.

“This has been kept a secret, it’s nobody’s business, it’s our club, we can do as our members allow us,” Fortuna told BeaverCountian.com. “Legally, there’s nothing anybody can do about it.”

Piccinini, who is running for Beaver County sheriff, a post he has twice sought unsuccessfully, believes criticism he has received for his brainchild will ultimately backfire and win him the votes of Second Amendment advocates in the March 19 Republican primary.

""Some people have been critical, but I think even more people support me and support the right to bear arms,"" he said.",1
1252,Clinton’s Lead Has Evaporated in Nevada and Her Supporters Are Panicking,"For months, pundits have marked Nevada in the “win” column for Hillary Clinton, who was thought to hold an unassailable lead with the state’s large Hispanic population. But according to a new poll, Clinton might not win Nevada in the landslide that everyone predicted. In fact, she might not win it at all.

Somehow, while everyone was focused on the showdown between her and Bernie Sanders scheduled to take place in South Carolina next week, the gap between the two Democratic rivals had quietly narrowed from 23 points in December to a gut-wrenching one point in a CNN/ORC poll released on Wednesday, just three days before the caucus.

Allies in Clinton’s orbit are panicking, according to The Hill, as the campaign prepares for the possibility of losing a state that one Democratic strategist called “tailor-made” for Clinton. Latinos have long been considered a key part of Clinton’s supposed minority firewall against Sanders, whose victories in New Hampshire and Iowa were driven by white voters, but political observers everywhere will now have to revisit that assumption. “I don’t get it. I don’t think anyone expected this race to look like this,” one former Clinton aide said.

No matter how Nevada shakes out on Saturday, anything less than a Clinton blowout could be disastrous for her campaign, especially in a state that was once so obviously one-sided that no one had bothered to poll there since December 2015. Even if Clinton ekes out a narrow win, much like she did in Iowa, the fact that Sanders was even close will prove that his minority outreach is working, giving him added momentum going into the South Carolina Democratic primary one week later. Or, as one friend of the Clintons put it in more colorful, relatable terms to The Hill: “The shit will hit the fan.”

The surprising surge of Sanders in Nevada has only added to speculation that much like Barack Obama in 2008, the crotchety Vermont senator could present a strong challenge to Clinton’s once-inevitable nomination, if not snatch it from her outright. Statistics guru Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight has even laid out a numerical path to a Sanders victory, projecting how much he needs to outperform expectations to secure the nomination. In Nevada, assuming she holds a 12-point lead nationally, Hillary should be winning by 15 points. That may not be happening anymore. If it doesn’t, that could mean Clinton is in for one hell of a fight.",1
3804,Jay Carney: Obama supports Hillary Clinton,"Obama has maintained neutrality in the primary and recently met with Clinton's opponent, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , at the White House. Still, his comments on the race have seemed to favor his former secretary of state, if only slightly.

Jay Carney told CNN's Brooke Baldwin on Wednesday that's no accident -- and the President does want Clinton to win.

""I don't think there is any doubt that he wants Hillary to win the nomination and believes that she would be the best candidate in the fall and the most effective as president in carrying forward what he's achieved,"" said Carney, a CNN contributor.

The White House declined to comment on Carney's comments Wednesday. Carney said Obama won't make an official endorsement until the race is decided, but his intentions are clear. ""I think the President has signaled, while still remaining neutral, that he supports Secretary Clinton's candidacy and would prefer to see her as the nominee,"" Carney said. ""He won't officially embrace her unless and until it's clear that she's going to be the nominee. I think he is maintaining that tradition of not intervening in a party primary."" Clinton has made a point to draw from her closeness with Obama on the campaign trail, attacking Sanders for criticizing the President and seeking a primary challenger to him in 2012",1
3394,"Hillary Clinton's ties to corporate donors, lobbyists while secretary of state scrutinized","Hillary Clinton's ties to large corporations have come under more scrutiny after it was revealed that dozens of companies that have donated millions to her family's foundation also lobbied the State Department during her tenure as secretary of state.

The Wall Street Journal reports that the 60 companies who lobbied Clinton's State Department between 2009 and 2013 donated over $26 million to the Clinton Foundation in that period. The donors include instantly recognizable names like General Electric, Exxon Mobil, and Boeing.

The Journal also reports that at least 44 of the 60 companies participated in philanthropy projects valued at $3.2 billion set up by the Clinton Global Initiative, which is a wing of the foundation. At least 25 of the companies also contributed to 15 public-private partnerships created by Clinton and coordinated by the State Department.

While there is no evidence that any laws were broken, the connections do raise potentially thorny ethical questions as Clinton prepares for a likely 2016 run for the Democratic presidential nomination.

Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill told the Journal that she ""did the job that every secretary of state is supposed to do and what the American people expect of them—especially during difficult economic times. She proudly and loudly advocated on behalf of American business and took every opportunity she could to promote U.S. commercial interests abroad.""

The latest report comes on the heels of the disclosure that donations from foreign governments to the Clinton Foundation have increased considerably following the removal of a self-imposed ban on such contributions during Hillary's time as Secretary of State. Experts have said that the donation ban should be immediately re-imposed until Clinton formally decides one way or another whether she will seek the White House. On Thursday, the foundation said it would consider whether to accept such contributions should Clinton decide to run, but would not commit to rejecting such donations in the future.

The Journal report cites several examples of Clinton promoting eventual donors to the Foundation and its various activities. For example, in October 2012, she lobbied the Algerian government to contract General Electric to build power plants in that country. The following month, the Foundation approached the company about expanding a health-access initiative. An eventual partnership was formed, to which the company contributed between $500,000 and $1 million. The Algerian government awarded GE the power plant contract in September 2013.

Other efforts were less successful. In 2010, Clinton announced cooperation between the U.S. and Poland on a scheme to develop shale gas deposits in eastern Europe. After several years of false starts, Exxon Mobil and Chevron gave up their Polish plans.

In 2012, Clinton persuaded Bulgaria's government to issue a five-year license to Chevron allowing conventional gas exploration. That, too went nowhere. The following year, the Journal reports, Chevron donated $250,000 to the foundation. Exxon Mobil, for its part, has donated at least $18.8 million to various initiatives, including a nonprofit women's group called vital voices.

In at least one case, a sizable corporate monetary promise was made before a Clinton overseas trip. In 2012, Wal-Mart, a company with whom the Clintons have ties going back to their days in Arkansas, pledged $12 million to various causes supporting woman in Latin America. $1.5 million of that money went toward a Clinton Foundation public-private partnership and another $500,000 went to Vital Voices.

A month later, Clinton lobbied the Indian government to reverse a ban on multibrand retailers, opening up a potentially lucrative market for several U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart. The effort was unsuccessful.

Click for more from The Wall Street Journal.",1
2479,U.S. Resets Obamacare Deadline For Some Businesses To 2016,"U.S. Resets Obamacare Deadline For Some Businesses To 2016

The Obama administration says businesses employing 50-99 people now have until Jan. 1, 2016, to provide health insurance, rolling back part of the requirement known as the employer mandate. Under the Affordable Care Act, larger companies must offer the coverage in 2015.

NPR's Julie Rovner filed this update for our Newscast desk:

It's the second time the requirement for middle-size businesses has been postponed. Julie will have more analysis of the change later, for the Shots blog.

The change was announced Monday by the Department of the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service. The agencies say the delay will affect only about 2 percent of U.S. employers.

The agencies also announced a new rule allowing large employers to phase in the percentage of workers they cover, ""from 70 percent in 2015 to 95 percent in 2016 and beyond.""

As the announcement notes, many of those firms, which employ 100 or more people, already offer insurance coverage.",1
261,The GOP is ungovernable: What happens when one major party is dysfunctional to the core,"One of the big themes of the 2014 midterm elections was the insistence from Republicans that they, given the chance, would be able to competently govern. As House majority leader Kevin McCarthy explained it in late October, just before Election Day, it was critical for the party’s political future to demonstrate to voters that they could get stuff done. “I do know this,” McCarthy said in an interview with Politico. “If we don’t capture the House stronger, and the Senate, and prove we could govern, there won’t be a Republican president in 2016.”

Here we are a little less than a year later, and McCarthy has dramatically withdrawn his name from consideration in the race to replace the outgoing Speaker of the House, who announced his resignation as a last-ditch effort to get past the second government shutdown drama of 2015. With the debt ceiling rapidly approaching and yet another government-funding chokepoint soon after that, the House Republicans are too divided and unruly to even pick someone to lead them through these two tests of basic governance.

I think even McCarthy would have to admit at this point that the “prove we could govern” test has been a colossal failure for the GOP. And that’s obviously bad news for the party, but it means the rest of us are kinda screwed too.

Let’s retrace the steps that led to McCarthy’s embarrassing withdrawal. He got promoted to majority leader after Eric Cantor was upset in his primary race by a hardline Tea Party candidate who successfully caricatured Cantor as a RINO who sold out conservatives. By sliding into Cantor’s position, McCarthy resigned himself to the same fate – being in the leadership necessarily means having to occasionally compromise with the Democrats, and in the eyes of the increasingly potent far-right House Freedom Caucus, that’s an unforgivable sin against conservatism. Speaker John Boehner barely managed (and sometimes failed) to keep the House GOP together over four years of bitter infighting, and he ended up resigning just to keep his own party from shutting the government down over Planned Parenthood. McCarthy, as majority leader, was the natural successor to Boehner and aggressively sought the job. Then, seemingly out of nowhere, he backed out of the race.

Did he get bumped because of his unseemly truth-telling about the political agenda of the House Select Committee on Benghazi? Maybe! Though it’s uncertain whether he would have had sufficient support in the absence of a high-profile gaffe. Did he back off because of rumors that he was having an extramarital affair with another Republican in the House? Probably not! But there was apparently a good deal of unsourced “buzz” and “chatter” to that effect circulating among the gossipy children we elect to represent us at the highest levels of government.

The most likely explanation is that he realized that even if he did clear the threshold to be elected Speaker, he’d be weakened by defections within his own caucus and probably fail at the first critical task facing him: raising the debt limit before the country defaults on its debt payments early next month. Faced with those prospects and the long-term problem presented by an influential, uncontrollable and politically suicidal faction within his own party, you can’t really blame him for wanting out. McCarthy’s rapid departure has left the Republican caucus in the purest state of chaos – members were apparently weeping in private corners – and opened the floor to all manner of crazy suggestions for who should be the next Speaker. Ted Cruz? Sounds plausible! Donald Trump? Yeah man yeah! Mitt Romney? Hah. Terrific! But really it seems like no one knows what happens now. Some Republicans are pushing for a placeholder speaker, some retiring Republican member who won’t have to worry about their political future. Boehner is apparently making personal appeals to Paul Ryan, begging him to take the job he’s desperate to abandon, and Ryan is resisting. We’re at the point where one of the most powerful men in Washington can’t seem to give away his position of authority and prestige. The reason no one wants to be in charge of the House Republican caucus is because it is impossible to govern. Conservatives are claiming McCarthy’s and Boehner’s scalps and demanding that a real conservative be installed as speaker – someone who will cater to the demands of the extremist right. One can not meet those demands and still be an effective leader of the legislative body. Boehner tried to do it several times, and each time he ended up leading his party into defeat and embarrassment. When he inevitably ended up compromising to pass must-pass legislation, he was branded as a traitor by the hardliners in his own ranks. As I wrote when Boehner announced his resignation, it doesn’t really matter who replaces him because “they’ll run into the same problems he did as the leader of political party that is actively hostile to the very idea of competent governance.” And that’s a big problem because we need competent leadership and basic governance to keep the federal government’s lights on and avoid a thoroughly unnecessary debt default that could kick the legs out from underneath the economic recovery. But right now we don’t have that because nobody with a modicum of political intelligence wants to be in charge of the House of Representatives.",1
1521,Carly Fiorina: Ted Cruz says 'whatever' to get elected,"Fiorina, the former Hewlett-Packard executive and Cruz's rival for the GOP nomination, hit Cruz in an interview with CNN's Dana Bash on ""State of the Union.""

She kept up her criticism of the Texas senator for his 2013 push for a government shutdown in an ill-fated attempt to repeal President Barack Obama's signature health care law.

""Ted Cruz is just like any other politician. He says one thing in Manhattan, he says another thing in Iowa,"" Fiorina said Sunday.

Recordings of Cruz speaking about gay marriage to donors in New York City appear to differ in style, but not substance, from his speeches to conservative supporters.

""He says whatever he needs to say to get elected, and then he's going to do as he pleases,"" she said. ""I think people are tired of a political class that promises much and delivers much of the same."" Cruz on conference call: I'll win, but attacks are coming In the interview, Fiorina, a Stanford alum, also dismissed social media criticism of her New Year's Day tweet in which she said she was rooting for Iowa over Stanford in the Rose Bowl. Fiorina tweeted: ""Love my alma mater, but rooting for a Hawkeyes win today. #RoseBowl"" Love my alma mater, but rooting for a Hawkeyes win today. #RoseBowl — Carly Fiorina (@CarlyFiorina) January 1, 2016 Fiorina said her tweet was tongue-in-cheek, and people in Iowa knew she ""was torn"" on the game, noting she'd attended a Hawkeyes tailgate in the fall. ""Let's just say if the biggest mistake I make is a tongue-in-cheek tweet about a Rose Bowl, the American people will sleep safely when I am president of the United States,"" Fiorina said. Skywriters have message for Trump at Rose Parade",1
2477,Obamacare's 'Low Expectations' for Enrollment Spells Trouble for Obama,"Employers aren’t dropping their health benefits in the numbers once anticipated, and programs created by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act will be slower to reach full enrollment than the budget office expects, the Department of Health and Human Services said today in a report. That equates to between 9 million and 9.9 million people enrolled through new government-run insurance markets created by the law.

Coming in below the CBO estimate would undermine the Obama administration’s effort to convince the public that its signature domestic policy initiative is working. It’s possible the administration is just giving itself an easier goal to beat, said Dan Mendelson, the chief executive officer of Avalere Health, a Washington consulting firm.

“If you set low expectations, you’re less likely to disappoint,” he said. “To me, these are low expectations. We expect the numbers to come in higher.”

The insurance markets, called exchanges, are designed to allow people who don’t have coverage through an employer to compare prices and buy a health plan, often with the assistance of government subsidies for monthly premiums. Enrollment opens for 2015 on Nov. 15 and closes Feb. 15, a window that is three months shorter than last year.

Sylvia Mathews Burwell, the HHS secretary, said she’ll consider enrollment to be a success this year if the U.S. uninsured rate continues to decline. About 13.4 percent of Americans are without coverage this year, according to Gallup Inc., the lowest rate the organization has reported since it started tracking the figure in 2008.

“We want to make progress on that fundamental number of reducing the uninsured,” Burwell said at an event held by the Center for American Progress, a Democrat-aligned advocacy group. “We do have a shorter period of time and we’re moving to a group of people that will be harder to reach.”

At least three out of four people who sign up for the exchanges for the first time this year will have been previously uninsured, according to the administration’s projection.

HHS expects 83 percent of the 7.1 million people covered as of last month to re-enroll this year, Burwell said.

The U.S. website where people can sign up for coverage, healthcare.gov, opened yesterday in a “window shopping” mode that lets people see what plans they can buy for next year.

The preview feature, added to the revamped website, is intended to ease pressure on the system by letting curious consumers look at prices for health plans a week before enrollment begins. Last year, consumers who tried to use the website were met with errors and delays that prevented millions from signing up for several months.

Challenges are mounting for the second year of enrollment as Republicans gained control of Congress last week and the Supreme Court announced it will consider whether a key feature, subsidies to reduce the cost of insurance, should be available to all Americans. Consumers should be confident that the high court will rule in favor of the administration, Burwell said today, allowing the subsidies to continue.

“The administration has been clear all along we believe that is the intention of the law,” Burwell said, responding to a question from former Ohio Governor Ted Strickland. “That is where we will stay and be.”",1
3358,Top House Republican demands Kerry explain $1.7 billion Iran payment,"The chairman of the House Foreign Relations Committee demanded Wednesday that Secretary of State John Kerry explain a $1.7 billion settlement paid to Iran that some Republicans have described as a ""ransom"" tied to last month's release of five American prisoners.

Rep. Ed Royce, R-Calif., complained in a letter to Kerry that his committee was not consulted about the payment. The Obama administration claimed the agreement was made to settle a dispute with Iran over $400 million in frozen funds that dated back to 1979. The remaining $1.3 billion was described by the Obama administration as ""interest"".

""It is unclear how this $1.7 billion payment is in the national security interests of the United States,"" Royce wrote.

Royce's letter included 10 questions to Kerry about the settlement. Among them are how the administration calculated the $1.3 billion ""interest"" on the payment, a timeline of negotiations over the payment since this past summer's nuclear deal, and why the money was not used to ""compensate American victims of Iranian terrorism who have been awarded judgments against Iran.""

Royce's letter also asks for a list of U.S. officials who participated in negotiations with Iran over the payment, the prisoner release and the nuclear agreement.

The White House announced the payment on Jan. 17, the same day that Iran released five American prisoners, including Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, former Marine Amir Hekmati, and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini.

At the time, Obama defended the amount paid by the U.S., saying it was ""much less than the amount Iran sought."" The president added that the one-time payment was preferable to letting more interest accumulate while waiting for a judgement from the Iran-US Claims Tribunal, which is based in The Hague and was created in the deal that ended the Iran hostage crisis in 1981.

""I have a larger concern that in choosing to resolve this relatively minor bilateral dispute at this time, the Obama Administration is aggressively moving towards reestablishing diplomatic relations with Iran,"" Royce wrote. ""Such action would clearly violate the President’s pledge to 'remain vigilant' in countering the threat Iran poses to the United States and our allies in the region.""

State Department spokesman John Kirby confirmed to Reuters that Royce's letter had been received.

""As with all Congressional correspondence, we'll respond as appropriate,"" Kirby said. Royce's letter gives Kerry until Feb. 17 to respond to his questions.",1
1119,The Marco Rubio post-mortem: How a supposedly ready-made GOP nominee crashed and burned,"The Rubio campaign is on its last legs, stumbling dehydrated and desperate through the Florida Everglades like the heroine in the second act of a Carl Hiaasen novel, trying to stay one step ahead of the bloodhounds who want nothing more than to drag the Florida senator into the swamp and tear his throat out, or at least convince him to join with Ted Cruz on some sort of unity ticket to stop Donald Trump, which might be an even worse fate.

The establishment is telling Rubio his dropping out would be for the good of the Republican Party. Which is why he’ll probably at least consider it. He is a party man through and through, and since he gave up his Senate seat to run for president, he’s going to want to come out of this cluster-screw of a campaign with something to show for it besides the humiliation of a crushing defeat in his home state’s primary on Tuesday. Run for vice-president on a ticket with Cruz, the party will whisper in his ear, and when he gets destroyed in the general election in the fall and the country suffers through four years of socialism under a Democrat, you’ll be perfectly positioned to be the 2020 nominee. What’s not to like about that scenario? And why wouldn’t you trust a GOP establishment that has displayed such a sharp political acumen this cycle that it just about handed its nomination over to a jar of orange marmalade in a bad wig before it knew what hit it?

Rubio might not be smart, but he’s a politician who can read poll numbers. It must have sunk in by now that his “Baghdad Bob” primary strategy (claim victory even when you came in a distant third/the American military is a block away and roaring towards you unopposed) has been a galactic failure. With even his financial backers and editorial page cheerleaders telling him it’s time, he must feel like Butch Coolidge getting the order to take his ass down in the fifth.

The post-mortem on Rubio’s campaign will point to many, many moments that sealed his fate. The base never fully trusted him after his role in the Gang of Eight immigration reform bill in the Senate, which he later had to renounce in the hope of pacifying the conservative mouth-breathers who were inundating his office with hate mail. There was his apparent circuit-breaker malfunction in the New Hampshire debate against Chris Christie. There was his late-in-the-campaign attempt to turn into Don Rickles in order to stand up to Trump, which only seemed to cause his poll numbers to crash. There were his ham-handed attempts to get to the farthest right edge of the Republican field on every issue from abortion to fighting terrorism, the latter of which resulted in his spouting the sorts of fearful, doom-laden paranoia about ISIS terrorists coming ashore in Biscayne Bay that might tickle the GOP base but erased Rubio’s image as the sunny and optimistic young man who could lead America into a booming future.

It is that last one that I think comes closest to explaining his flameout. It stems from the 30,000-feet view of Marco Rubio the politician, an ambitious young man with no accomplishments or real-world experience to qualify him, who would don whatever suit – neocon hawk, religious extremist, crazy guy hollering about a war on Christianity from a steam grate – he or his advisers thought the GOP electorate wanted at any given moment, no matter how awkward the fit. He was the best example of a blow-dried establishment candidate this cycle, so perfect he might have been grown in that space station lab in “Alien: Resurrection” where they kept all those malformed Ripley clones, and raised to be the great hope of the Republican Party. In an era where carefully maintaining and presenting a focus group-approved persona to the world is the paramount goal of almost every politician at the national level, Rubio still stood out for how many of his edges had been sanded off.

Rubio was the product of personal ambition in overdrive and married to a Republican Party that has bought so fully into the idea that our current president was elected despite being an unaccomplished lightweight, all it had to do was roll out another young, telegenic pol with a non-WASPy last name and the White House would be the GOP’s to lose. Never mind the lack of accomplishments, or the fact he was a career politician who had barely seen a time in his adult life when he wasn’t collecting a government paycheck while dining with lobbyists. Never mind that when he spoke in debates, his talking points, which were mostly warmed-over standard-issue conservative pabulum, all sounded so memorized that you could half-imagine him cramming with flash cards the night before in a dorm room decorated with a Dan Marino poster. Never mind the awkward attempts to connect with young people – did you know that Marco loves the rap music? – while spouting anti-abortion and anti-gay marriage positions that are as out of place in the twenty-first century as a horse and buggy. It would have been much more hilarious, if it hadn’t also felt so desperate. Rubio and his handlers seemed to think he could cruise to the nomination on the strength of an appeal that was as chimerical as a unicorn. To that end, he never really built much of a ground game for his campaign, a fact that observers have been harping on for months. His team seemed to think that it was running some sort of high-tech, futuristic operation where retail politics didn’t matter, where you could, as one adviser infamously put it, save on office rent by having your entire team set up in a Starbucks and use the free wifi. Meanwhile, he seemed to spend as much time huddling with wealthy financial backers behind closed doors as he did getting in front of voters. And while he was flying around being not quite as visible as he needed to be to voters, Rubio missed so much time at his day job, and publicly proclaimed he didn’t care because the Senate bored him anyway, that it became easy to view him as a lazy, entitled dilettante. No amount of repeating the story of his humble beginnings – did you know his dad was a bartender? – was going to overcome that. It’s possible he could still come back and run for statewide office in Florida, but one has to think Rubio’s career in national politics is over. Whatever has been loosed in the electorate that gave rise to Donald Trump is not likely to fade anytime soon. There is no room in that space for a guy so transparent, if you squint hard enough you can see what he ate for lunch. All the image consultants in the world can’t cover that up.",1
4704,WashPost Poll: Clinton Leads Trump by 4,"Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by just 4 points in a new Washington Post-ABC News poll, well within its margin of error and a clear sign that Trump may be regaining his momentum.

Clinton leads Trump, 47 to 43 percent, among likely voters in the poll released early Sunday. Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson has 5 percent and the Green Party’s Jill Stein has 2 percent.

Clinton maintains a 4-point lead over Trump, 50 to 46 percent, in the two-way race.

Clinton led Trump by 2 points in a four-way race, 46 to 44 percent, in the same poll earlier. The new poll was conducted following the release of a 2005 tape in which Trump makes lewd comments about women.

The poll of 740 likely voters, conducted Oct. 10-13, has a 4-percentage-point margin of error.

Nearly 70 percent of respondents said they believe that the Republican presidential nominee likely made unwanted sexual advances. Most also said his apology was insincere.

More than half of all respondents, 64 percent, said the tape won’t make a difference in their votes.",1
3537,Democratic debate: National security dominates,"(CNN) In direct contrast with President Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton said Saturday that ISIS ""cannot be contained"" but instead must be ""defeated.""

Her comments at the second Democratic presidential debate of the 2016 campaign season came a day after a series of terror attacks -- for which ISIS claimed responsibility -- took more than 100 lives in Paris. One day before the shocking massacre in France, Obama had said in an interview that ISIS was "" contained .""

Seeking to balance her response to the attacks against her ties to the Obama administration, which is under fire for its response to ISIS, Clinton on Saturday called ISIS a ""barbaric, ruthless, violent, jihadist terrorist group"" that must be destroyed.

""We have to look at ISIS as the leading threat of an international terror network. It cannot be contained; it must be defeated,"" she said. ""What the president has consistently said, which I agree with, is that we will support those who will take that fight to ISIS.""

French security forces move people in the area of Rue Bichat in the 10th District. A witness told BFMTV that firefighters were on the scene to treat the injured.

French security forces move people in the area of Rue Bichat in the 10th District. A witness told BFMTV that firefighters were on the scene to treat the injured.

Rescue workers and medics tend to victims at the scene of one of the shootings, a restaurant in the 10th District. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons in separate attacks across Paris, and there were explosions at the Stade de France.

Rescue workers and medics tend to victims at the scene of one of the shootings, a restaurant in the 10th District. Attackers reportedly used AK-47 automatic weapons in separate attacks across Paris, and there were explosions at the Stade de France.

People leave the Stade de France after explosions were heard near the stadium during a soccer match between France and Germany on Friday. Paris Deputy Mayor Patrick Klugman told CNN President Francois Hollande was at the match and was evacuated at halftime.

People leave the Stade de France after explosions were heard near the stadium during a soccer match between France and Germany on Friday. Paris Deputy Mayor Patrick Klugman told CNN President Francois Hollande was at the match and was evacuated at halftime.

French security forces rush in as people are evacuated in the area of Rue Bichat in the 10th District of Paris.

French security forces rush in as people are evacuated in the area of Rue Bichat in the 10th District of Paris.

Spectators gather on the field of the Stade de France after the attacks. Explosions were heard during the soccer match between France and Germany.

Spectators gather on the field of the Stade de France after the attacks. Explosions were heard during the soccer match between France and Germany.

A wounded man is evacuated from the Stade de France in Saint-Denis, outside Paris.

A wounded man is evacuated from the Stade de France in Saint-Denis, outside Paris.

Police secure the Stade de France in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, following explosions during the soccer match between France and Germany.

Police secure the Stade de France in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, following explosions during the soccer match between France and Germany.

A riot police officer stands by an ambulance near the Bataclan concert hall in central Paris.

A riot police officer stands by an ambulance near the Bataclan concert hall in central Paris.

A medic tends to a wounded man following the attacks near the Boulevard des Filles du Calvaire.

A medic tends to a wounded man following the attacks near the Boulevard des Filles du Calvaire.

Wounded people are evacuated outside the scene of a hostage situation at the Bataclan theater in Paris on November 13.

Wounded people are evacuated outside the scene of a hostage situation at the Bataclan theater in Paris on November 13.

Rescuers evacuate an injured person on Boulevard des Filles du Calvaire, close to the Bataclan concert hall in central Paris.

Rescuers evacuate an injured person on Boulevard des Filles du Calvaire, close to the Bataclan concert hall in central Paris.

A body, covered by a sheet, is seen on the sidewalk outside the Bataclan theater.

A body, covered by a sheet, is seen on the sidewalk outside the Bataclan theater.

Spectators embrace each other as they stand on the playing field of the Stade de France stadium at the end of a soccer match between France and Germany in Saint-Denis, outside Paris, on November 13.

Spectators embrace each other as they stand on the playing field of the Stade de France stadium at the end of a soccer match between France and Germany in Saint-Denis, outside Paris, on November 13.

Spectators invade the pitch of the Stade de France stadium after the international friendly soccer match between France and Germany in Saint-Denis.

Spectators invade the pitch of the Stade de France stadium after the international friendly soccer match between France and Germany in Saint-Denis.

A survivor of the terrorist attack in the Bataclan is assisted following terror attacks, November 13. The violence at the Bataclan, which involved a hostage-taking, resulted in the highest number of casualties of all the attacks.

A survivor of the terrorist attack in the Bataclan is assisted following terror attacks, November 13. The violence at the Bataclan, which involved a hostage-taking, resulted in the highest number of casualties of all the attacks.

Rescuers evacuate an injured person near the Stade de France, one of several sites of attacks November 13 in Paris. Thousands of fans were watching a soccer match between France and Germany when the attacks occurred.

Rescuers evacuate an injured person near the Stade de France, one of several sites of attacks November 13 in Paris. Thousands of fans were watching a soccer match between France and Germany when the attacks occurred.

Forensics are working in the street of Paris after the terrorist attack on Friday, November 13. The words ""horror,"" ""massacre"" and ""war"" peppered the front pages of the country's newspapers, conveying the shell-shocked mood.

Forensics are working in the street of Paris after the terrorist attack on Friday, November 13. The words ""horror,"" ""massacre"" and ""war"" peppered the front pages of the country's newspapers, conveying the shell-shocked mood.

Victims of the shooting at the Bataclan concert venue in central Paris are evacuated to receive medical treatment on November 14.

Victims of the shooting at the Bataclan concert venue in central Paris are evacuated to receive medical treatment on November 14.

A man with blood on his shirt talks on the phone on November 14. He is next to the Bataclan theater, where gunmen shot concertgoers and held hostages until police raided the building.

A man with blood on his shirt talks on the phone on November 14. He is next to the Bataclan theater, where gunmen shot concertgoers and held hostages until police raided the building.

Police, firefighters and rescue workers secure the area near the Bataclan concert hall on November 14.

Police, firefighters and rescue workers secure the area near the Bataclan concert hall on November 14.

Medics evacuate an injured woman on Boulevard des Filles du Calvaire near the Bataclan early on November 14.

Medics evacuate an injured woman on Boulevard des Filles du Calvaire near the Bataclan early on November 14.

Shoes and a bloody shirt lie outside the Bataclan concert hall on November 14. Most of the fatalities occurred at the Bataclan in central Paris.

Shoes and a bloody shirt lie outside the Bataclan concert hall on November 14. Most of the fatalities occurred at the Bataclan in central Paris.

Police are out in force November 14 near La Belle Equipe, one of the sites of the terror attacks.

Police are out in force November 14 near La Belle Equipe, one of the sites of the terror attacks.

A forensic scientist works near a Paris cafe on Saturday, November 14, following a series of coordinated attacks in Paris the night before that killed scores of people. ISIS has claimed responsibility.

A forensic scientist works near a Paris cafe on Saturday, November 14, following a series of coordinated attacks in Paris the night before that killed scores of people. ISIS has claimed responsibility.

Three Democratic presidential candidates gathered in Des Moines, Iowa, for a debate that has been jolted by the terrorist attacks across Paris , which the French President has declared an ""act of war."" The mass shootings and explosions swiftly moved national security issues to center stage Saturday during a Democratic primary that has so far largely focused on domestic issues such as income inequality and controversies like Clinton's use of private email during her tenure as secretary of state.

The two-hour event, which began on a somber note with a moment of silence to honor the victims of the Paris attacks, also offered a crucial opportunity for Clinton to demonstrate the foreign policy qualifications she honed during her time as the Obama administration's top diplomat. The relative inexperience of her rivals -- Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley -- was also tested.

Both Sanders and O'Malley seized on the foreign policy discussion to criticize Clinton for her vote in support of the Iraq War when she was in the Senate.

""I would argue that the disastrous invasion of Iraq, something that I strongly opposed, has unraveled the region completely and led to the rise of al Qaeda and to ISIS,"" Sanders said.

O'Malley argued that the problem wasn't simply limited to Clinton's vote for the Iraq invasion, pointing to ""cascading effects"" that followed.

""We need to be much more far-thinking in this new 21st-century era of nation-state failures and conflict. It's not just about getting rid of a single dictator,"" he said.

Clinton, meanwhile, is certain to be criticized for pointing to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, in defending her acceptance of Wall Street contributions.

""I represented New York on 9/11 when we were attacked. Where were we attacked? We were attacked in downtown Manhattan, where Wall Street is,"" she said. ""I did spend a whole lot of time in their effort to rebuild. That was good for New York, it was good for the economy, and it was a way to rebuke the terrorists who had attacked our country.""

The Democratic candidates contrasted themselves against their Republican counterparts on the issue of the refugee crisis in the Middle East. Though many GOP presidential candidates have said the U.S. shouldn't accept refugees into the country, the Democrats argued that it's America's responsibility to accept those fleeing violence in countries like Afghanistan and Syria, with proper screening.

Calling for ""as careful a screening and vetting process as we can imagine,"" Clinton, who has previously stated that the U.S. should accept as many as 65,000 new refugees, said, ""I do not want us to in any way inadvertently allow people who wish us harm to come into our country.""

Sanders said that he didn't want to offer a ""magic number"" but that it was the United States' ""moral responsibility"" to accept refugees in conjunction with its allies in Europe and the Middle East.

O'Malley also reiterated that the country should accept as many as 65,000 refugees.

In one part of the debate that Republicans have quickly seized on, no Democratic candidate used the term ""radical Islam"" to describe terrorism. This phrase is preferred by Republicans, who have accused Democrats of shying away from a forthright description of ISIS.

""I don't think we're at war with Islam. I don't think we're at war with all Muslims,"" Clinton said. Cautioning against painting with ""too broad a brush,"" she added: ""We are at war with violent extremism.""

Sanders, meanwhile, said he didn't believe the exact term was important.

Though much of the debate focused on national security in light of the tragic events in Paris, Clinton also sparred with her rivals on hot-button domestic issues like financial regulatory reform and gun control.

Progressives and Wall Street reform advocates have consistently hit Clinton for her perceived closeness with Wall Street, particularly as she's raised large sums of money from wealthy donors in the financial industry.

""I've laid out a very aggressive plan to rein in Wall Street,"" Clinton said, touting a plan that she said targets not only the big banks but the shadow banking industry as well.

Asked to react to Clinton's answer, Sanders shot back: ""Not good enough.""

The Vermont senator said he was the only candidate on stage who did not have a super PAC, vowed to break up the big banks and said voters understand that any candidate who accepts contributions from special interests are influenced by them. ""Everybody knows that,"" he said.

O'Malley also hit Clinton for not backing the reinstatement of Glass-Steagall, the Depression-era law that split commercial and investment banking. Wall Street reform advocates favor bringing back a modern version of the law.

""I won't be taking my orders from Wall Street,"" O'Malley said.

Later in the debate, Clinton went after Sanders for supporting a measure that she said gave immunity to gun makers and sellers, labeling it a ""terrible mistake.""

Sanders pushed back, saying he has voted repeatedly for background checks for gun buyers.

The issue of Clinton's use of a private email server during her time at the State Department also surfaced, but briefly.

As he did in the first Democratic debate, Sanders said that he was ""sick and tired"" of discussing the controversy and that he would prefer that the media focus on ""why the middle class is disappearing.""

Letting out a laugh, Clinton said, ""I agree completely. I couldn't have said it better myself.""

Asked whether Democrats can feel confident that no other shoe will drop, Clinton responded, ""I think after 11 hours, that's pretty clear"" — a reference to her day-long testimony on Capitol Hill where she largely avoided fresh, negative headlines.

A lot has changed since Clinton, Sanders and O'Malley met for their first showdown in Las Vegas last month.

There were five candidates on stage at the time. Since then, two have dropped out.

Last month, the possibility of Joe Biden jumping into the race and upending the party's nomination process loomed large; now, the country knows that the vice president will not pursue another White House bid.

And Clinton has had fresh momentum heading into the debate. After a strong first debate performance, her poll numbers have ticked up, and she's widened her lead over Sanders.

And on Saturday, it was clear that Clinton sought to distinguish herself as the candidate with the most experience on the global stage, including in the war against terrorism. This distinction will no doubt only become more stark in light of the terrorist attacks in Paris.

When the candidates were asked to describe a crisis they've confronted that shows they've been tested, Clinton used the opportunity to remind viewers that she was secretary of state and adviser to Obama in 2011 when U.S. Special Forces killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden.

""I recommended to the President that we take the chance to do what we could to find out whether that was bin Laden and to finally bring him to justice,"" Clinton said. The ""excruciating experience,"" she added, ""really did give me an insight into the very difficult problems presidents face.""",1
1454,Republican elders ask 'who's worse' for the GOP brand: Trump or Cruz,"Las Vegas (CNN) The bitter battle between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz escalated Thursday, as prominent members of the GOP fought over which one of them would do more damage to the Republican brand.

For months, the two Republican candidates have sparred over who could rightly claim the mantle of party outsider. But with some Republican leaders in open revolt against Cruz as he has surged in Iowa, Trump is pivoting to an argument that he is more electable than Cruz -- suggesting that Cruz's abrasive personality makes him unfit for the presidency.

The Texas senator's image as a strident party pariah, Trump said in Nevada Thursday, would cripple his ability to ""make deals"" and govern effectively. Noting that not a single one of Cruz's Senate colleagues has endorsed him, Trump questioned not only whether Cruz could negotiate with members of Congress, but whether he is capable of relating to people at the most basic level.

""It's one thing to be like a very tough guy -- we're all tough people -- but you've got to be able to get along a little bit with people. You can't be so strident,"" Trump told the crowd at two raucous events in Las Vegas . ""He can debate, but he can't talk.""

Alluding to Dole's statement to the New York Times interview that Trump has the ""right personality"" to work with Congress, Trump played up his reputation as a deal maker as the underpinning of his electability argument: ""We've got to be a little establishment,"" he said in Vegas. ""We've got to get things done.""

Across the country in New Hampshire, Cruz told reporters that Trump was getting ""more and more riled"" up as Cruz's campaign has surged in the polls.

""Each day, he's engaging in more and more personal attacks,"" Cruz said after speaking at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics ""Life of the Party"" forum. ""I have no intention of responding in kind. I like Donald Trump. I respect Donald Trump. I will continue to praise him personally.""

He repeated his somewhat dubious assertion that the Washington establishment is ""rushing"" to get behind Trump -- specifically highlighting Trump's past friendships and political alliances with Democrats.

""He gave $100,000 dollars to the Clinton Foundation,"" Cruz said in Manchester. ""He's actively supported Hillary Clinton as a political candidate. He's supported Chuck Schumer. He's supported Andrew Cuomo. He's supported Rahm Emanuel. So they know he will cut a deal.""

The conservative establishment, however, shows no sign of rallying around Trump.

In a press conference, Trump brushed off the National Review's criticisms, calling the magazine a failing, irrelevant publication.

Cruz also sought to use Dole's comments to his advantage. In an interview with the Boston Herald Radio Show earlier Thursday, he said the establishment is ""terrified of a President who won't go along to get along.""

""He had his moment and he blew it,"" Trump said of Cruz in Las Vegas. ""He looks like a nervous wreck.... He's going down.""

Trump again goes after Jeb

Though the latest polling data suggests that no candidate other than Cruz is within striking distance of Trump, the brash New York candidate could not resist a fresh round of withering attacks on Jeb Bush Thursday.

Calling Bush ""a lost soul,"" Trump mocked the lavish spending by his campaign and the political committees supporting him -- pointing to Bush's stubborn position in the low single digits in the polls.

""This guy, he's a maniac,"" Trump said at his rally in Las Vegas. ""He's not even on the scale -- these people, we've got a bunch of real dummies.""

Trump assured the crowd that if Bush stopped running ads against him, he would leave him alone. ""Jeb is down the toilet,"" he said, ""and Ted is starting to go down.""

Trump continued his efforts to burnish his conservative credentials Thursday, touting his endorsement from Sarah Palin (without whom, Trump asserted, Cruz never would have won his U.S. Senate race). Later in the day, he appeared at the Outdoor Sportsman Awards, which are held in conjunction with the National Shooting Sports Foundation's annual trade show.

During his evening speech, he vowed to fight for Second Amendment rights as President.

""The Second Amendment is 100% protected. 100%,"" he said on stage at the Venetian Theatre. Introduced by supporter Willie Robertson of A&E's ""Duck Dynasty,"" Trump was flanked by his two sons, who he described as avid outdoorsmen. He told the crowd he shared their passion, but did not get ""outdoors"" as often as he would like because he works so much.

""They are trying to take away so many rights,"" he said. ""I think you're going to be very, very happy with a President Donald Trump.""

The drumbeat of establishment attacks against Cruz continued in Washington on Thursday as a number of prominent Republicans try to slow Cruz's momentum. A number of current and former lawmakers are echoing the criticisms of Cruz voiced by Dole and Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad, who urged voters this week not to support Cruz because of his position on ethanol subsidies.

""I think we'll lose if he's our nominee,"" Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch told CNN's Manu Raju. Hatch, who is supporting Bush, said Cruz has not demonstrated his ability to appeal to moderates and independents: ""We can't just act like only one point of view is the only way to go. That's where Ted is going to have some trouble.""

Trump, Graham said, ""is the most unprepared person I've ever met to be commander in chief. And when it comes to Sen. Cruz, he's exhibited behavior in his time in the Senate that makes it impossible for me to believe that he could bring this country together.""

When faced with a decision between the two men, Graham said: ""What does it really matter?""",1
3510,"Brussels stories: Grief for the lost, hope for the missing","These are some of the dead and missing in Tuesday's terror attacks in Brussels.

At least 31 people were killed and 300 wounded in Tuesday's attacks at the Brussels Airport and a subway, authorities said. The victims span 40 nationalities.

Americans were among the dead, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry confirmed Friday during a visit to the Belgian capital. He didn't say how many or identify them, but a U.S. State Department official later said that two Americans died.

France confirmed that one of its citizens was dead and 12 were wounded without providing details. China also said a citizen had died, but it was unclear if the victim, identified only by the surname Deng by the Chinese Embassy in Belgium, was among the 31 already reported dead.

""We express deep condolences over the death of our Chinese compatriot and strong condemnation on the criminal act of the terrorists,"" an embassy statement said.

Meanwhile, the stories of many of the victims are emerging as loved ones struggle to know more.

She had lived in Belgium for six years. Originally from Peru, the 37-year-old, her husband and twin 4-year-old daughters waited to board a flight to New York for an Easter holiday family reunion, according to Peruvian media and CNN en Español.

The daughters and husband left the boarding area for a moment. And in that moment, a bomb exploded.

Her family survived. One of the girls injured her arm but is doing better, her uncle Fernando Tapia told Peruvian media.

Tapia told CNN that his half sister was a chef and worked with the Peruvian Consulate in Brussels to promote Peruvian food.

She met her husband in 2005 during a tourist trip in Puno, Peru. She moved to Belgium with him.

""We never imagined we were going to have to suffer something like this: my sister killed in an inhumane, terrorist act,"" Tapia said. ""She had a happy marriage. She loved her husband, her family life and the girls. She left the country to live abroad in search of a better life and found death in such an inexplicable way. It's something we will never understand.""

The Belgian law student died in the attack, his school, Universite Saint-Louis Bruxelles, said in a statement.

Delespesse was killed in the metro explosion, according to his employer, La Federation Wallonie-Bruxelles, a government ministry serving Francophone Brussels and Wallonia.

Others posted drawings of a cartoon man, weeping, a broken red heart on the ground. A friend wrote, ""Courage to his family, his friends, his colleagues.""

""May his soul rest in peace,"" another posted.

The British Foreign Office confirmed Dixon died in the attacks but provided no details.

'I am deeply saddened to hear David Dixon was killed in the Brussels attacks,"" British Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted Friday. ""My thoughts and prayers are with his friends and family.""

Dixon's family believes he died in the explosion at the Maelbeek metro station.

""He obviously took the train with the bomb, otherwise he would have got to his office,"" Sutcliffe told The Times.

In a statement provided by the Foreign Office, the family said: ""This morning we received the most terrible and devastating news about our beloved David. At this most painful time our family would gratefully appreciate it if we could be left alone to grieve in private.""

Dixon and Sutcliffe have a son. ""I just want him to come home,"" she had said earlier.

The family of the Dutch siblings who had been missing since the blasts confirmed Friday that the brother and sister had died.

""We received confirmation this morning from Belgian Authorities and the Dutch Embassy of the positive identification of the remains of Alexander and Sascha,"" the family said in a statement. ""We are grateful to have closure on this tragic situation, and are thankful for the thoughts and prayers from all. The family is in the process of making arrangements.""

The siblings were in the Delta Air Lines ticket line at the airport to check in for their flight to New York when the bombs went off. Alexander was talking to his mother on the phone when the line went dead, Jim Cain, a former U.S. ambassador to Denmark, told CNN.

""The family would like to thank the Dutch Embassy and Delta Airlines for all of their support in our search in Brussels,"" the family said in an earlier statement. ""We especially thank all of our friends and family, across two continents, for their expressions of love, support and prayers for Sascha and Alex.""

Reacting to their deaths, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said in a statement, ""Their lives were cut short by cowards who have chosen extremism and hate instead of peace and unity. On behalf of all New Yorkers, I extend our deepest prayers and condolences to the Pinczowski family, as well as all those who lost loved ones in Tuesday's heartbreaking attacks.""

Migom, 21, a Belgian national, was confirmed dead Friday, according to family members. A Belgian hospital notified his mother.

Migom was on his way to Athens, Georgia, the day of the attack at the Brussels Airport.

His girlfriend, Emily Eisenman, checked to make sure his train arrived at the airport at 7:30 a.m. Tuesday. It had.

His flight was scheduled to depart at 10:30 a.m.

""But I don't think he ever made it,"" she said.

Migom and Eisenman met last year on a health and fitness retreat in the United States. He and her brother were friends. The couple started dating on October 29. She remembers the exact date.

He was studying marketing at Howest University in Bruges, Belgium, Eisenman said, and was living with his mother, two brothers and sister.

He had booked his flight to visit her in the States.

""I've never been to Belgium,"" she said.

Laurent's family believes he was at the metro station at the time of the attack. They haven't heard from him since, his cousin wrote on Facebook.

Raghavendran Ganesan, an Indian citizen and employee of Infosys, has been missing since the attacks, his brother said.

His brother wrote on Facebook that the Indian Embassy in Brussels is searching for him.

""We are coordinating with @IndEmbassyBru & local authorities to locate our employee in Brussels & are in touch with his family,"" Infosys tweeted.

The couple from Tennessee have lived in Belgium since 2014. They were dropping off Stephanie Shults' mother, Carolyn Moore, at the airport.

Moore, who was just about to walk through security, was knocked over by an explosion. She is now having trouble hearing in one ear.

Their families have not heard from the couple and are still awaiting news. Moore remains in Brussels and has been in touch with family in the United States.

Justin Shults' brother, Levi Sutton of Kentucky, said he woke up on the day of the attacks to texts from his mother. She was asking him to call her.

""It's the longest day of my life. It's just frustrating not knowing. Not knowing is maddening,"" Sutton said Tuesday.

The two both have been working in Brussels and are expected to move back to the United States in 2017.

On Wednesday, hope emerged the couple had been found, but Sutton later posted a tweet saying the family had been misinformed.

Sabrina Esmael Fazal, 24, is missing. She took the metro to her university.

Jonathan Selemani, 25, has been scouring the city's hospitals looking for his partner and mother of their 1-year-old child.

""I saw her in the morning, before she went to school, before she was leaving for class,"" Selemani said. ""Then when I learned the news I immediately started looking for her. I haven't found her.

""I don't know how I'm going to explain it to my son.""

Hours after the attack, she learned her mother was taken to a hospital in Flanders. Her father, she said, is missing.

Gigi has pleaded on Facebook for people to stop calling her unless they have news about her father. Every time the phone rings, her hope rises.

""No news,"" she posted. ""Thank you...refrain from leaving new messages of sympathy...Every tweet, ping, ring has us trembling just in case...""

Cyombo was at the metro at the time of the attack and has not been seen since, his uncle told CNN. Cyombo is a student living in Brussels.

Before the attack he sent a text to his younger brother saying he was about to get on the metro at Maelbeek, the station that was targeted.

His family posted on Facebook urging anyone with information to get in touch.

""Please come back to us,"" they said in the post, adding they believe in ""miracles.""

Bastin's family believes she was at the Maelbeek metro at the time of the attack, and they have not heard from her.

Lafquiri is a physical education teacher at La Vertu School, an Islamic school in Brussels, according to Mohamed Allaf, the school's co-founder.

Lafquiri is believed to have been at the Maelbeek metro.

""She was supposed to start at 9:45, but she didn't show up. We started to worry, thought she was sick. We called and called, but there was no answer on her phone,"" Allaf told CNN.

She was born in Brussels, and her parents are originally from Morocco. Lafquiri is married with three sons.

""She was an exceptional woman. She represented the true values of Islam with generosity and caring,"" Allaf said.

He said her family spoke with officials at multiple hospitals and provided DNA samples in the hope of identifying Lafquiri.

Atlegrim's friends and family believe she was in the metro at the time of the attacks. The 31-year-old Swedish woman has lived in Brussels for many years.

She studies at Ecole Nationale Superieure des Arts Visuels de La Cambre and is an illustrator, according to her Facebook page. Friends have described her as tall and thin with large eyes.

Panasewicz was on the metro about the time of the attacks, Anabelle Schatten wrote on Facebook.

Originally from Poland, she is described as having a scar from a recent thyroid surgery and was believed to be wearing black pants and a gray jacket.

Correction: An earlier version of this story misspelled Johanna Atlegrim's name.",1
1855,Meet Ted Cruz's top fundraiser: his wife,"Olive Branch, Mississippi (CNN) Ted Cruz gushes about his wife, Heidi, on the campaign trail, telling an audience here that she is ""beautiful, brilliant and my very best friend in the whole wide world.""

She's also something else: The best fundraiser in the Republican presidential candidate's corner.

The senator's wife, a top executive at Goldman Sachs who is taking a leave to work at campaign headquarters, is effectively leading her husband's fundraising operation, running some weekly finance calls and pushing major donors to give the maximum they're allowed under federal law.

It's a far cry from the caricatured profile of the behind-the-scenes wife, posing for photos on stage and then receding quickly behind it. Heidi Cruz, senior campaign aides say, has been intimately involved in the process of raising the $14 million that Ted Cruz brags about on the stump, often while standing alongside the woman who made that haul possible.

Top Cruz advisers and friends describe her as a competitive fundraising dynamo, unwilling to leave each night without completing her call sheet and determined to use the Rolodex and business know-how she built as a Wall Street investor.

""She works the phones the way she worked them when she was at Goldman,"" said Chad Sweet, the Cruz campaign's chairman, who recruited Heidi to work at the giant investment bank. ""There are very few spouses who can get on the phone on a cold call to a prospective donor and make a more compelling case in a personal and effective way than Heidi Cruz.""

Nearly every candidate heralds their spouse as an asset, but few significant others in this election season -- with the exception of Hillary Clinton's -- have the same level of political experience as Heidi Cruz. A Harvard Business School graduate, she helped guide economic policy on George W. Bush's campaign -- where she met a hard-charging domestic policy aide, Ted -- and then worked in the Bush White House for four years.

That makes her husband's bid her second time on the presidential campaign trail. Campaign bundlers report up the chain to Willie Langston, Cruz's finance chair, but fundraisers and advisers say Heidi Cruz is just as much involved in counting the dollars and cents needed to build for the long haul.

It's a familiar role for Heidi Cruz, who the campaign declined to make available for an interview. In the final two weeks before her husband's primary in 2012 against David Dewhurst -- who would pour $25 million of his own money into his campaign -- she agreed to dedicate the couple's entire savings to the Senate campaign, Cruz writes in his new autobiography. And once Cruz and Dewhurst advanced to a runoff, Heidi and Sweet led a 60-person finance team that raised $60,000 each -- the ""60 by 60"" project -- that put the campaign back on TV, Cruz writes.

""She would sit down with a call sheet at night and call through 40, 50, 60 names, and get donor after donor to max out on the phone -- and be thrilled to do so,"" Cruz recalled in a recent interview with CNN as his campaign bus ambled toward Memphis, Tennessee. ""She is disciplined and she engenders trust, which is a powerful thing in life.""

Now, Heidi Cruz has focused her energies on drop-off donors who may have given in 2012 but haven't yet ponied up for the presidential run, or others on the fence. She isn't allowed to actively solicit money from her co-workers at Goldman, but advisers say those specific relationships matter less than do her fluency with the language of business and her work ethic that leaves even other aides in awe. During the final weeks before the second-quarter fundraising deadline, she made about 30 calls a day.

Born in California but raised around the globe by missionary doctors, Heidi Cruz also showcases an easy rapport with the less fortunate. She gamely donned a neon pink hat offered by a Cruz fan selling paraphernalia in Huntsville, Alabama, and shared her religious upbringing with fellow Adventists in Franklin, Tennessee. When throngs of Cruz fanatics mob her husband as he ends his stump speech, Heidi Cruz stands in a corner within earshot of her chief of staff, taking not just photographs but also business cards from eager backers who want to help.

At Sweet Pea's Table in this northern Mississippi suburb last week, the 42-year-old has one eye on Catherine and Caroline -- who are barnstroming the South with their parents -- and another on the platform, where her husband summons the three Cruz women to meet the tea-drinking faithful. With one hand clasped in each of her daughters', Heidi Cruz leads them off and on stage. Then as her husband rails against Obamacare and shouts about Jeb Bush, Heidi steps outside, where she works the overflow crowd with a pitchman's touch: ""When were you elected?"" she asks one local official. ""Thank you for serving.""

""The sense of genuine concern was elegant,"" said the official, Alderman Eddie Nabors of Batesville, Mississippi, after meeting her here. He praised how she ""meets, greets and identifies"" with those waiting outside. ""I have one afterthought: Get her on the podium.""

Courting local elected officials like Nabors also falls into her growing portfolio, which includes closing the deal on local endorsements. And the campaign is listening to Nabors' advice: She is slowly becoming an ambassador for her husband, embarking this week on her second solo trip in North and South Carolina, much like the other Cruz family salesman, his father, Rafael.

Should Donald Trump fall, as Cruz allies anticipate, Heidi Cruz is expected to be at the forefront of the Cruz campaign's effort to win over disaffected Trump loyalists, especially women.

Contributors, advisers and friends describe her as sunny and cheerful but fiercely goal-driven, using her personal nudge to make it very difficult for donors to say no to her entreaties. Those who have known her longest note how different she is from her husband, whose political persona is defined by an unyielding ideology that critics see as arrogant and inflexible.

""She's not the ideologue that Ted is on so many things. And I think she would be the first to say that,"" said Ed Haley, a mentor of Heidi's since he taught her in college.

Lawrence Lindsey, an economic adviser on the Bush campaign, said that appeal likely made her a better, more accessible fundraiser than the person who is the campaign's chief check collector: the candidate himself.

""Heidi could get along with almost anyone,"" Lindsey said. ""And I don't think the same is true with Ted.""",1
2847,Antiquities destroyed at Palmyra by the Islamic State,"A general view taken on March 27, 2016, shows part of the remains of the Arch of Triumph monument that was destroyed by Islamic State militants in October 2015 in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra.",1
4774,10 things Trump could (but probably won't) change to win next debate,"Michael D'Antonio is the author of the new book , ""The Truth About Trump."" The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.

(CNN) Like a football team that must shake off defeat in order to prepare for the next game, Donald Trump has a short time to get over his drubbing in the first presidential debate and get ready for the next. He has, instead, been whining like a kitchen blender about the moderator, the microphone and his opponent while continuing to draw attention to the worst parts of his performance.

Advisors who want Trump to win the next debate, on October 9, must get him to change. But to do this, they must overcome the candidate's 40-plus years of doing things his way. To appreciate the daunting nature of this task, consider just 10 things Trump could do to prepare for the next debate, and why it's likely he won't be able to do any of them.

1) Accept your defeat in the first debate

Trump likes to say ""I'm a winner"" and is not accustomed to losing, which may explain the poor sportsmanship he has shown since Hillary Clinton defeated him . Ignoring real poll results that show he was swamped, Trump has ordered aides to stop saying he lost. Of course, this kind of denial means that no one can ask the emperor to put on some clothes. He won't look down to see his own nakedness.

When he was asked in the first debate what he would say to African-Americans about his scandalous role in the ""birther"" controversy that questioned President Obama's citizenship, Trump replied , ""I say nothing."" You will search in vain for an example of Trump ever taking responsibility for the damage he has done to any individual, community or nation, though examples abound. He is not going to learn how to do it now.

Manners may not count when you fire people on reality TV, but they matter in a two-way presidential debate. Trump looked like a 6-year-old as he interrupted with witticisms such as ""Wrong!"" as Clinton spoke during the first debate. But as Trump told me, he believes he is the same person he was in first grade. His advisers are not going to get him to mature into an adult now.

4) Act like you want the job

One of the oddest moments in the first debate saw Trump say that if he loses the election he'll still get to Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington because he has a new hotel there. Someone who wants to occupy the White House shouldn't suggest he'd be satisfied with a hotel down the street. But Trump is first and always a salesman -- not a statesman -- and he will never pass up an opportunity to get free advertising for his business.

During the first debate Trump's cringe-worthy moments included bragging about not paying any federal taxes and about betting on a housing crisis. As he crowed about his wealth, he added that he was speaking ""not in a braggadocious way."" But of course he was bragging. Boasting and bragging are off-putting to debate watchers but they are essential elements of Trump's personality and he will not stop.

On the day after the first debate, body language experts noted Trump's negative body language and timid facial expression. (These signals were enough for one reporter to call Trump the loser after viewing the contest with the sound turned off.) Advisers may want Trump to control his exaggerated nonverbals, but this is not something this rubber-faced man can do.

Always ready to use a little gamesmanship, Trump allowed his campaign staff to broadcast the fact that he was taking a confidently casual approach to the first debate. He said himself, ""I believe you can prep too much for these things."" The result was obvious, as Trump seemed ill-equipped with either arguments or rhetorical parries to use against his opponent. Could he do differently? Trump told me that he doesn't like to read and prefers to depend on instinct, which makes it's hard to imagine he will suddenly become open to training. Another person might turn a debate defeat as a moment to learn. This is not Trump's way.

In the first debate Trump referenced Gen. Douglas MacArthur, who died in 1964, to make a point about America's pursuit of the ISIS terror organization. Those who got As in history, know of MacArthur, but the reference surely bypassed millions who watched the debate. Trump must have heard a lot about the general when he attended a military school in the 1960s, but he needs to update himself. Given the evidence that he doesn't understand the workings of our most vital technology, the internet, modernizing his knowledge base would be a big challenge.

Despite the evidence showing that recent cyberattacks against the Democratic National Committee and others emanated from Russia, Trump told the first debate audience, ""She's [Clinton] saying 'Russia, Russia, Russia,' but I don't."" This stand is consistent with Trump's earlier sloughing off of Russia's invasion of the Ukraine and his expressed admiration for Vladimir Putin. Because everything is personal for him, Trump likes Putin in part because Putin has said he likes him. Don't expect him to change his mind about the Russians on the basis of geopolitics. They are going to have to insult him personally before he does that.

In the first debate, Clinton pointed out his penchant for insulting people and Trump talked about ""somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds."" After the debate, Trump decided to make veiled threats about using President Bill Clinton's sex scandal against her. Nastiness doesn't play well in a general election when a candidate must appeal to those beyond his or her base. However being nasty has always been a key element of Trump's repertoire, as shown by his feuds with Cher, Bette Midler, Rosie O'Donnell and others. Trump once told me that he doesn't respect most people because they don't deserve it. He is not likely to become respectful overnight.

Among Trump's advisers there is one, former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, who shares much in common with him. Like Trump, he poses as a tough man and wants the world to believe that his meanness is a virtue. He is also, like his candidate, a thrice-married man who feels entitled to criticize Hillary Clinton's lifelong marriage.

Consider Giuliani's persona and you see someone who understands Trump on a gut level.",1
622,"Bernie Sanders, Party Crasher: Notes On The (Looming) End Of A Campaign","Bernie Sanders, Party Crasher: Notes On The (Looming) End Of A Campaign

Three days ahead of California's Democratic presidential primary, Bernie Sanders made several appearances in Southern California before headlining a rally in San Diego.

There was a Sunday morning walk through a farmers market in Downtown Los Angeles. There was a walk through West Hollywood, LA's gayborhood, with a pre-drag brunch address to diners at a hamburger joint on Santa Monica Boulevard. That was followed by a stroll through Santa Monica Pier, where the candidate rode a merry-go-round and even interrupted an outdoor spin class fundraiser to give an impromptu stump speech.

And there was a stop at Plaza Mexico, an outdoor market that caters to a primarily Latino audience in Lynwood, a bit south of LA. Once Sanders arrived, with traveling press in tow, he walked through the crowded mall, which happened to be hosting a music festival that day. After shaking hands and hugging fans, Sanders tried to take the main stage of the festival. As he and his entourage approached the side of the stage, he was denied by several of the event staff. There were vigorous head shakes of disagreement and, as a female event staffer pulled a barricade closer to keep Sanders and his crew out, she said, angrily, ""This is our event.""

Sanders staffers walked away from the exchange flustered, some muttering profanities. Sanders himself seemed befuddled. It was the exact opposite of the reception he received earlier in the day when he took over the stage at that outdoor spin fundraiser, stumping in front of stationary bikes and large images of the black and brown inner-city youth the event was raising money for.

Sanders' experience in Southern California offers glimpses into everything that went right — and wrong — for his campaign. In more ways than one, at Lynwood and in Santa Monica and all throughout the primary season, Sanders was a party crasher. Sometimes that worked out for him. And sometimes it did not.

This week marked the final presidential nominating contest for the Democratic Party, in Washington, D.C. Bernie Sanders lost. And he isn't throwing in the towel just yet, he says. But Sanders also says he can do ""arithmetic."" And that math shows he did not get enough votes or delegates to be the Democratic nominee. (He trails Clinton by millions in the Democratic popular vote, and hundreds in party's delegate count, with or without superdelegates.) Hillary Clinton was declared the ""presumptive nominee"" last week, and she is now campaigning as one would expect a presumptive party nominee to campaign, complete with the endorsement of a sitting president. It'd be fair to say that the only thing keeping Bernie Sanders' campaign alive is that he hasn't yet said it is dead.

Sanders met with Clinton on Tuesday night for what both campaigns called a ""positive discussion,"" but did not drop out. He has said he will do everything he can to defeat Donald Trump — even if Sanders is not the nominee. And he will address his supporters Thursday evening, online, in a live stream.

His plans for the future aren't yet clear, but looking back, Sanders' insurgent campaign accomplished more than anyone could have expected — even the senator himself. From the way he fundamentally changed how presidential campaigns can raise money, with the millions he raked in from small donations from supporters, often averaging $27 (as he repeatedly proclaimed on the stump), to his introduction of many of the ideas of Democratic socialism into the mainstream.

In many ways, his successes seemed to come out of nowhere. Sanders had been a senator from Vermont for decades, with low name recognition and single-digit showings in early presidential polls. And he wasn't even a Democrat.

It would be easy to see the Sanders campaign as something that just happened. But, in fact, he was part of a concerted effort, the outgrowth of a social movement that began a few years back in Zuccotti Park in New York. The Sanders campaign has direct links to the Occupy Wall Street movement.

Winnie Wong, founder of the online group People for Bernie, is one of the former Occupy Wall Street activists who helped draft Bernie Sanders to run. And she said Sanders actually wasn't the first senator activists approached.

""We started the Draft [Elizabeth] Warren effort first,"" she told NPR. ""Ready for Warren came out of Occupy. And People for Bernie came out of Ready for Warren.""

Wong is not shy about identifying Sanders and his candidacy as a tool to get Occupy Wall Street ideals into the mainstream. ""It was always a tactic,"" she said at a Sanders rally in San Francisco. ""In every way, at every step of the way.""

But if Sanders was in some ways an outgrowth of Occupy, his reach quickly expanded beyond that movement's confines. It would have been hard to predict that from the beginning, though. Sanders' press conference announcing his run in April of last year had little in common with the rock concert-like rallies he's become known for this campaign. That April announcement was small, organized on a lawn outside the U.S. Capitol, with Sanders seemingly startled by the microphone itself, urging reporters to keep it quick because he had to get back to his day job as a senator.

In fact, many of Sanders' campaign staff had day jobs as well; early on, a lot of them worked for the campaign for free, after they finished those. But within months, Sanders had made a movement. Tapping into a new wave of progressive populism, first hinted at during the Occupy movement, Sanders' self-described ""political revolution to transform our country economically, political, socially and environmentally"" quickly became a force.

By February, Sanders' razor-thin finish with Clinton in the Iowa caucuses (he lost by only 0.3 percentage points), it became official: The Sanders campaign was now no longer outsider, but insurgent.

Sanders rallies grew larger and took on their own feel — part concert, part picnic, part love fest. Sanders' fans danced freely before his rallies began. Mothers breast-fed their young children in the aisles. Tie-died shirts could be spotted throughout the crowds. Sanders himself seemed like a kind, loving grandfather to many of his supporters. Famously, at one Sanders rally in Portland, Ore. (because Portland), a bird landed on the candidate's lectern.

In many ways, the Sanders campaign was a love revolution, with a message of unity, diversity and prosperity for all. But under the surface, the Sanders movement was just as much an exercise in anger.

Over time, another side of the Sanders phenomenon began to reveal itself: a palpable disgust not just for Sanders' opponent, Clinton, but for the party she is a part of, the media that covered her and a system that many Sanders supporters thought was rigged.

The night of California's presidential primary, Sanders held a rally in an airplane hangar at the Santa Monica airport. The tall and wide half-circle roof made for a dramatic scene as thousands of supporters poured into the space to support their candidate, even as his chances at winning the Democratic nomination were all but zero.

Beneath the sweeping metal roof, while a man dressed as Jesus holding a Sanders sign paced the room, the anger that had been building in Sanders' supporters for months was on full display.

When a big screen at the rally showed Hillary Clinton leading in the California race, the crowd chanted ""Bullshit!"" over and over again until the image on the screen changed. The crowd also chanted things like ""CNN sucks!"" When Clinton's name was mentioned in Sanders' speech, the crowd booed.

Many in attendance cornered reporters to share disgust with their coverage of the election, particularly reporting on the Associated Press' announcement the night before that Clinton had secured the support of enough superdelegates, or unpledged party leaders and elected officials, to put Clinton over the top to become the party's presumptive nominee.

Many of Sanders' supporters didn't believe he lost fair and square. (Sanders himself still hasn't said he has. The day President Obama endorsed Clinton — and told Sanders in the Oval Office that he was about to do so — Sanders pointed to ballots still out in California. On Tuesday, after a statement about the Orlando massacre, Sanders talked about long lines in Arizona.)

Instead, Sanders supporters, in the crowd in Santa Monica that night and elsewhere, called the delegate count itself a conspiracy. A day earlier, Sanders surrogate Nina Turner (a former Ohio state senator) suggested the AP call, coming the night before California voted, was intended to suppress voter turnout there.

Dutch Merrick was in the crowd that Tuesday night. He said he was hopeful that Sanders would take his fight to the Democratic convention, and ""demand an actual count of the actual votes."" He felt the Democratic Party establishment had decided Clinton would be the nominee months ago, before the primary election was complete.

""It's a fait accompli. ... That message had not changed in a year,"" he said, holding a Sanders poster. ""All the coverage went to one woman candidate: Hillary.""

For Merrick, the entire system was rigged in Clinton's favor. He pointed to voting irregularities in several states over the past few months, long lines at polling places in Arizona, and names disappearing from voter lists in places like New York.

""She [Clinton] just puts a friendly face on fascism,"" Merrick continued. ""I was excited, eight years ago, to vote for an African-American for president. But it essentially put someone that pushed the same agenda, kept the same Defense Department, the same CIA, the same Wall Street policies, with a black face. It didn't do us any good. So now we're going to get a female face on the same policies. Not going to do us any good.""

He concluded, ""I would probably vote for Trump, to burst the bubble, to finally pop the zit.""

Sigma Scott, who was at the rally with Merrick, said, ""If she takes it [the nomination] by petty theft, or grand theft, I would rally and vote that she's impeached.""

That mood seemed to be present at Sanders events all throughout California in the lead-up to the primary in these waning days of the campaign. It wasn't just that Bernie Sanders was the truth and the light to these super supporters — it's that in their eyes, Hillary Clinton was the lie and the darkness.

Clinton wasn't just an opponent to many Sanders supporters; she was a cheater, perhaps even a criminal. The Democratic Party wasn't just a political party; it was an apparatus focused solely on doing whatever it took to grant Clinton the nomination. And whatever math would justify her win was fraudulent, because the system itself was an undemocratic sham.

At a San Francisco rally for Sanders the previous day, Sanders supporter Aaron Selverston seemed to crystallize the emotions of many who felt alienated by the Democratic Party and the primary process.

""I think the whole argument about the [delegate] math is irrelevant to most Bernie supporters,"" he said, as Dave Matthews played in San Francisco's Crissy Field before Sanders took to the mic. ""Because it's not about some sort of allegiance to a party. The party has failed. The party has failed half of the people who typically vote Democratic. And those are the people who are supporting Bernie.""

Though much of the anger some Sanders supporters show is directed at the media or Clinton or Trump, some of the blame for Sanders' failing to reach the nomination is his own.

From the start, Sanders said he would run a positive campaign, on the issues, refusing to directly attack his primary opponent, Clinton. He famously declared at one Democratic presidential debate, ""The American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails,"" when asked about Clinton's use of a private server during her time as secretary of state. The emails have been a constant line of attack for Republicans against Clinton, but Sanders refused to hit her on the issue, even as staffers urged Sanders to find some line of attack on her.

Over time, Sanders did attack, particularly on paid speeches she gave to Wall Street executives after her time as secretary of state, repeating in stump speeches, ""I kind of think if you get paid a couple hundred thousand dollars for a speech, it must be a great speech. I think we should release it and let the American people see what the transcript was.""

By the time that message stuck, though, Clinton's lead had become all but insurmountable.

Another sore spot for his campaign, that would perhaps inflict even more damage, was an inability to connect with large numbers of minority voters.

In several nominating contests throughout the primary season, Sanders did win a majority of black and Latino primary and caucus voters ages 35 and under. But in South Carolina's primary, after strong showings in Iowa and New Hampshire, Sanders lost the black vote by almost 70 percent, even admitting himself, ""We got decimated.""

At a Seattle rally last year, Sanders was forced from the stage by two Black Lives Matters protesters; he had to end his own event without finishing his stump speech. For many minority voters, Sanders' message on income inequality failed to connect the dots between wealth disparity and institutional racism, and many people of color felt that white Sanders supporters were too eager to dismiss them as low-information when they did not support the Vermont senator.

Sanders responded. He hired minority staff in key positions, namely hiring Symone Sanders, a BLM activist, as his national press secretary soon after the Seattle incident. Sanders' campaign recruited surrogates of color as well, like the rapper Killer Mike and actress Rosario Dawson. And he had no shortage of key celebrity endorsements from the likes of Danny Glover and Spike Lee.

But it wasn't enough. Sanders' coalition of liberals, working-class whites, and young voters of all colors couldn't shake Clinton's lead with women and older minority voters.

Sanders' campaign also did not focus on the sweep of Super Tuesday states on March 1. That's when Clinton put real separation between herself and Sanders. His campaign was often outmatched by Clinton's superior ground game, with its infrastructure seemingly never dismantled after her 2008 Democratic primary loss, and bolstered, even, by remnants of the Obama political machine.

As time went on, Clinton racked up an increasingly bigger lead, one that Sanders would never be able to overcome, even as he regularly out-fundraised his Democratic opponent and his rallies filled stadiums throughout the country.

Maybe there's nothing Sanders could have done to overcome the Clinton machine on the ground. But University of Vermont professor Huck Gutman, a close friend of Sanders and his former chief of staff, seemed to predict the problems Sanders would have with minority voters in an interview with NPR soon after Sanders launched his presidential campaign.

""One of the differences between Bernie and so many other people who are liberals,"" Gutman said, ""is that Bernie's central concern has always been with the condition of what he calls working-class families. He is consumed by the need for economic justice.""

Even as Gutman pointed out Sanders' track record of support for other progressive causes, he said of Sanders, ""His central concerns have never been war or civil rights or gay rights or women's rights.""

""The very idea that something has failed, it's not a part of our language""

The day of the California primary, after the AP had declared Clinton the presumptive nominee, it was really hard to find anyone saying Sanders actually lost the race — or would lose it soon.

You didn't hear it as Sanders block-walked and greeted thousands on Hollywood Boulevard and at coffee shops and the farmers market in Silver Lake in Los Angeles. You didn't see it when the senator was on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, greeting fans and celebrity impersonators alike. You didn't hear it in his speech that night, or even later in the week, after President Obama endorsed Clinton.

Sanders campaigned that day, and in many of the days before and after, like a winner. And if you just saw those scenes from the trail in California, and not the news, you could have been convinced that Sanders had actually won the whole thing.

And perhaps that is the lingering juxtaposition of the Sanders campaign. Numerically, he has lost. Sanders will not be his party's nominee. But in so many ways, he has won, just by surviving this long. And not just surviving, but at many points thriving and influencing a movement that could have a very long tail.

""One of the great successes of this campaign is that Bernie Sanders has really electrified a whole new generation of young people to become engaged in the political process,"" Winnie Wong said. ""And they're young, and they're not apathetic, and they're energetic, and they're smart.""

Wong contends that Sanders fundamentally changed America's political conversation, making a movement like Occupy, and an ideology like Democratic socialism, mainstream.

""Prior to Bernie Sanders, nobody ever dared utter the word socialism,"" she said. ""Forget about the 10 million who cast their vote for a Democratic socialist. Think about the many more millions, across this country, who are talking about it, probably right now. That's even more important.""

If you look at Sanders' campaign as part of a larger progressive, populist movement that had been building for years — from Zuccotti Park to Burlington, Vt., and almost to the White House — all of a sudden it makes more sense. And it also feels, in many ways, not finished just yet.

""People in social movements don't really see an end to their work,"" Wong said. ""The very idea that something has failed, it's not a part of our language.""

After being rejected from the stage at Plaza Mexico in Lynwood, Calif., that Sunday before the state primary, Sanders walked into a Mexican restaurant at the mall and enjoyed a meal with his family. A mariachi band played and, at one point, Sanders danced with one of his grandchildren.

The embarrassment of the moments before seemed to have been forgotten; the candidate was having a good time. And when he left the mall, a large crowd was waiting to greet him. Regardless of what happened at the stage, he was able to interact, positively, with hundreds of potential voters.

But already, tweets and videos recounting the details of Sanders being blocked from the stage were circulating on social media, with many using the moment to mock Sanders and critique his record of outreach to Latino communities.

Traveling press asked for comment on the incident, and soon spokesman Michael Briggs told a Washington Post reporter that, in fact, Sanders hadn't been denied a microphone in Lynwood, contradicting multiple eyewitness reports.

Briggs told a Washington Post reporter that another supervisor at the event had come to offer Sanders a place on the stage and ""to say Bernie was welcome."" But, Briggs said, it was, in fact, the Sanders campaign that denied the festival organizers.

""By that point,"" he said, ""we had moved on.""

It was a moment that, in several ways, could symbolize Sanders' entire campaign — a victory and a defeat, all at the same time. And, in spite of it all, a dogged determination to keep pressing ahead — and to seemingly never, ever admit you've lost.",1
4391,GOP field rips Obama's move toward executive action to tighten gun control laws,"Republican presidential candidates are attacking President Obama’s plan to use his Oval Office powers to try to tighten gun-control laws, arguing his efforts are “unconstitutional” and another attempt to sidestep Congress.

""We're not changing the Second Amendment,"" front-running Donald Trump said Saturday at a campaign rally in Biloxi, Miss. ""I will veto that. I will un-sign that so fast.""

Obama said over the weekend that he’ll meet Monday with Attorney General Loretta Lynch to discuss his options on tightening federal firearms laws to reduce gun violence, after instructing his White House team several months ago to look at what type of “action” he could take.

“The president is a petulant child,” GOP candidate New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie told “Fox News Sunday.” “Whenever he doesn’t get what he wants, … this president acts like a king.”

Obama purportedly will use executive action to require small-scale gun sellers to order background checks on prospective buyers and tighten laws for gun sales to those who have committed domestic-abuse offenses.

“The president has a pattern of taking away rights of citizens,” GOP candidate and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush told “Fox News Sunday.”

Bush also suggested that he didn’t object in principle to keeping guns out of the hands of criminals, but that he is wary of how far-reaching and burdensome the proposed changes might be on small-scale gun sellers.

“How do you know?” he asked. “The better approach would be to punish people who violate federal gun laws. … If it’s such a great idea, let (Obama) go to Congress.”

The president tried unsuccessfully in the aftermath of the 2012 mass shooting at Sandy Hook elementary school, in Newtown, Conn., to get Congress to pass comprehensive gun control legislation.

The National Rifle Association, which opposed that plan, also opposes the new plan, calling it a “political stunt.”

Christie and others point out that Obama has tried to use executive action to allow illegal immigrants to remain in the United States and work. However, a federal appeals court has temporarily stopped that action, pending a final ruling.

“I’m sure (the gun executive action) will get stopped by the courts,” Christie also said Sunday.

Trump, a billionaire businessman, on Sunday told CBS’s “Face the Nation” that if elected he would use the same executive powers to repeal Obama’s likely new executive orders on gun control.

“The one thing good about executive orders: The new president, if he comes in -- boom, first day, first hour, first minute, you can rescind that,” he said.

GOP candidate Carly Fiorina told CNN’s “State of the Union” that Obama “has been a lawless president” in his use of executive orders.

“It is delusional, dangerous, not to mention unconstitutional,” she said. “We have long lists of criminals who own guns, who routinely purchase guns. We know who these people are, and we are not prosecuting any of them.”

The three Democratic presidential candidates -- Hillary Clinton, former Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders -- support tighter gun control.

Sander told ABC's “This Week” he wishes Obama could get bipartisan congressional support but that he supports the president’s renewed efforts.

“There is a wide consensus. (The) overwhelming majority of the American people believe we should expand and strengthen the instant background checks,” he said. “I think that's what the president is trying to do, and I think that will be the right thing to do.”

Sanders also said he supports more background check, which would likely help close what gun-control advocates call the “gun show loophole"" as well as strong measures to keep criminals and people with mental health issues from owning firearms.",1
679,"Sanders: Americans, superdelegates must 'take a hard look' at IG report on Clinton emails","Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders said Sunday that American voters, superdelegates and others must “take a hard look” at the recent federal report that found primary rival Hillary Clinton’s email setup while running the State Department broke agency rules.

“It was not a good report for Secretary Clinton. That is something that the American people, Democrats and delegates are going to have to take a hard look at,"" Sanders told CBS' ""Face the Nation,"" during one of two TV network interviews Sunday.

The inspector general’s report last week concluded Clinton broke agency rules by using a private email server and that she would have been denied permission to have one had she first sought permission.

On Sunday, Sanders, desperately trailing the front-running Clinton in the delegate count, continued to not comment directly on the controversy.

But he repeated the notion that superdelegates, of which he needs more in a longshot bid to take the nomination, should indeed scrutinize the report.

“I mean everybody in America is keeping it in mind, and certainly the superdelegates are,"" Sanders said.

The Clinton campaign said Wednesday that the report shows ""just how consistent (Clinton's) email practices were with those of other secretaries and senior officials at the State Department who also used personal email.""

The campaign also said the report notes that Clinton's use of personal email was known to officials within the department and that there is no evidence to show any successful breach of the former secretary of state's server.

In a separate interview Sunday with NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sanders said he is focused on “the future of the American middle class and how we deal with the fundamental problems they are facing.”

He also declined to comment on the FBI investigation into the Clinton email scandal, including what impact the findings might have on a Clinton general election bid.

However, Sanders appeared to perhaps take his concerns about the emails a step further, suggesting Americans are “tired of those kinds of politics.”

And he made clear presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump has and will continue to make an issue of them if and when he faces Clinton directly in the November election.

“Donald Trump and other Republicans will seize on it,” he told NBC. “There’s no doubting that.”",1
466,"Employers added a disappointing 126,000 jobs in March",Here's everything you need to know about how the labor market fared in March,1
1254,The Clintons really don’t get it: False attacks and failed strategies as Hillary repeats 2008,"If you get your news from cable TV you don’t know any of this. Whatever their age or gender, cable reporters still cover politics like cigar-chomping old men poring over racing forms. History was made under their noses and they still spent the night talking win, place or show, obsessed by the order of finish in the crowded middle of a lame Republican pack. It was a coming out party for a political revolution, but Gil Scott Heron had it right: The revolution will not be televised.

Sanders made history even by the metrics of horse-race journalism. He had the most votes (155,578), biggest vote share (60.4 percent) and biggest margin in a contested race (22.4 percent) of any candidate of either party in New Hampshire primary history. As in Iowa, he outperformed late polls by more than their alleged margins of error. Sanders won 55 percent of women, a stunning 84 percent of voters under 30, and 92 percent of those who say the trait they prize most in a politician is honesty.

Clintonites said Sanders had home-court advantage. (If you buy that excuse, just ask a friend to name a senator from a neighboring state.) Hillary may be the world’s best-known politician after Barack Obama, Vladimir Putin and her husband. It gives her an overwhelming head start in every state but Vermont, which is why she began New Hampshire 30 points up. They made other lame justifications for their loss, but after the flood there was nothing left to spin.

How Clinton lost is as telling as the historic margin she lost by. Just as in 2008, she presented as a hawk to a party bone-weary of war. Now as then, her high-dollar, tone-deaf, leak-prone campaign telegraphed every punch. Her backers harp on her experience — but experience only counts if you learn from it. Eight years later, Clinton makes the exact same mistakes. Still, party elites have bet the farm she’ll have it all sorted out by October. Dangerous wager.

She isn’t learning from this race, either. Her response to New Hampshire has been to double-down on her strategy. How such a bright person could be such a slow learner is a mystery. Her worst moments prior to New Hampshire were her ham-handed attempts to take down Sanders. Chelsea distorted his healthcare plans, Bill ripped his character. Hillary accused him of an “artful smear” for suggesting, obviously, that banks give to super PACs to influence policy. She voiced “concern” over reports he’d mingled with real live lobbyists at Democratic fundraisers. But to many voters the Clintons attacking Sanders’ integrity was like draft-avoider George W. Bush swift-boating Purple Heart-winner John Kerry — except this time it backfired, and her whole family took the hit.

At this point she might have decided to curtail the personal attacks, but alas, no. In a public television debate two days after the primary, she waited till the last second to launch an attack, this time on Sanders’ alleged disloyalty to Obama. It seems this will be a principal theme going forward, so in case you missed, a sample:

Much of this is flat-out false; all is shorn of context and rife with what Politifact called “half-truths.” Bill Press wrote a book criticizing Obama, but Sanders didn’t write the foreword (just a blurb that doesn’t criticize Obama). He never called Obama weak or a disappointment, though he once said Obama showed weakness in budget negotiations. Talking to a radio host who wanted Obama primaried, Sanders said open debate was a good thing. But notice in the above quote how Clinton, the Mary Lou Retton of syntax, made it seem Sanders said all these things.

When Clinton at last holstered her weapon, moderators Judy Woodruff and Gwen Ifill, who’d done yeoman’s work to that point, said there wasn’t time for Sanders to answer her final fusillade, but that he could do so in his closing remarks. Off balance for the first time all night, he split the difference, which made for a weak finish to an otherwise strong performance. Too bad; he deserved a chance at a full rebuttal even if it meant shaving a minute or two off “Antiques Roadshow.”

Clinton’s playing an explosive game, especially since she herself spent much of 2015 sniping at Obama. When Obama described his foreign policy as “Don’t do stupid stuff,” she ridiculed him. When he wouldn’t violate international law by declaring a no-fly zone in Syria, she broke with him. She talks a lot about being commander in chief. She must know it’s hard to be one when your old secretary of state is taking shots at you. Ironically enough, on foreign policy Sanders has been more loyal to Obama than Clinton, but the irony doesn’t end there.

As Hillary laced into Sanders, Bill was miles away lacing into Obama. In a listless swipe at the banking system, he said, “Yeah, it’s rigged, because you don’t have a president who’s a change maker.” It’s what Hillary accuses Bernie of saying. (Note too, the tacit admission that Bernie’s right on Dodd Frank.) All in all, Hillary looks cunning, not loyal. Because integrity is for her what intelligence was for Dan Quayle, she can ill afford to appear hypocritical or be caught doctoring the truth.

Clinton’s ad hominem attacks — call it the politics of personal destruction — poison the air around her. Just before New Hampshire, deservedly beloved feminist icon Gloria Steinem told Bill Maher that young women join Sanders’ campaign to meet guys. Steinem got taken to the Internet woodshed for making a lighthearted, self-deprecating joke, on a comedy show, no less, but only because the tone of Clinton’s campaign is so rancid. Clinton must see how her scorched-earth policy hurts her family, her friends and her campaign, but for her there’s never any turning back.

In another reminder of 2008, Clinton has added race to the mix. On primary night on CNN, Clinton ally Michael Nutter slyly accused Sanders of subtle racism, terming his call for criminal justice reform “mildly offensive” because, Nutter falsely charged, Sanders never talks about other African-American issues. For some reason— it can’t be ratings — CNN lets commentators with clear conflicts of interest mouth thinly veiled partisan message. This is worse. Nutter is no more “offended” than Hillary is “concerned” or Bill “shocked” to discover trolls on the Internet. They want us to think Bernie does what they do, but of course he doesn’t. Lots of African-Americans live in upcoming primary states. Because they are the firewall Clinton hopes will save her, she’ll ratchet this up as high as she can. Last week the Congressional Black Caucus PAC endorsed her. Asked about Sanders’ civil rights record, Rep. John Lewis dryly replied, “I never met him,” and went on to praise Clinton for her close ties to African-American politicians. Lewis is a hero to me and to millions. Nothing he says or does in a campaign could change that. But Bernie deserves better. It’s been reported that he and Sanders did meet when Bernie was the sole white member on hand for a hearing Lewis held on voter suppression. Or he might have bumped into him back in the day, when a young Bernie joined the Congress of Racial Equality and braved jail to protest segregated housing in Chicago. The real problem with the Black Caucus PAC endorsement isn’t anything Lewis said, but the way Washington works. Only seven of 46 caucus members voted on the caucus endorsement but 11 lobbyists voted, including at least two tobacco and two healthcare industry lobbyists. Like the Iowa Democratic Party, the PAC won’t reveal the tally — but we know at least two of the seven actual members voted no. On Friday we learned that DNC chairwoman and Clinton lifer Debbie Wasserman Schultz ended Obama’s ban on federal contractors donating to the party. (So much for loyalty to Obama.) On Wednesday we learned Clinton will get a majority of New Hampshire delegates despite losing in a landslide. Schultz told CNN the reason 700 unelected superdelegates get to vote at the convention is to spare grass-roots activists the burden of having to primary them. No matter how much money Schultz wrings from contractors or how many superdelegates Clinton piles up in states Sanders wins, it won’t equal the price they pay for such cynicism. To the extent Clinton gets away with it, she can thank a media nearly as out of touch as she is. Newspapers beat TV for analysis, but the gap narrows every year, and not because TV is getting better. Elite reporters reflect the elite consensus, which accounts for such recent Washington Post headlines as “Democrats Would Be Insane to Nominate Sanders” and “Sanders’ Oddball Coalition Savors Its Victory.” It may explain the boffo reviews of Clinton’s PBS debate performance, as in the Times headline, “Analysis: Clinton Is Cool, Calm and Effective.” Pundits praised her superior grasp of policy partly out of habit– it was true of earlier debates– but also because it’s how they see the world. They should read the transcript. If anything, Bernie does the better job of explaining how he’d fund his programs. Hillary won’t say how she’d pay for Social Security. She says she has a universal healthcare plan but she doesn’t. She has a laundry list of programs, one for each demographic, all with unanswered questions about implementation, effectiveness and affordability. The most striking thing about the debate, other than the low blow Clinton struck at the end of the last round, was that Sanders got the better of her on foreign policy. Has any other presidential candidate ever told the American people that Iran doesn’t “hate us for our freedom” but because we engineered the violent overthrow of their democratically elected president and installed a vicious tyrant in his place? The rest of the world knows, why not us?  Is Clinton’s jingoism about not talking to Iran the signal we want to send to thousands of Iranians who joyously took to the streets to celebrate the nuclear weapons pact? Shouldn’t Clinton’s airbrushing of the hyper-secretive, lawbreaking Kissinger concern us? Has anyone but Bernie ever said Henry Kissinger’s China opening may have cost us some jobs? Clinton mocks him for citing her Iraq vote but he now casts a wider net. Pundits citing her foreign policy cred should feel honor-bound to tell us why she’s right and he’s wrong. The press doesn’t understand any better than Hillary what made New Hampshire historic. They’re great at figuring out who’s ahead in South Carolina, but awful at grasping — let alone conveying –the terms of the new debate. It’s too soon to describe that debate whole, but among Democrats at least it has begun to clarify. A word about it, and what it means to this race. Thirty years ago, reeling from the Reagan Revolution, elite Democrats rebranded their party, which had long championed both economic and cultural liberalism. They kept cultural liberalism, but ditched economic liberalism for “neoliberalism”; a blend of economic deregulation, free trade, smaller government and targeted tax cuts. Few said it out loud, but it was the end of the Roosevelt coalition, which had been built on economic issues of universal appeal and which had lasted 50 years. Neoliberalism appeals to the rich. Neoliberal Bill Clinton was the first Democratic presidential nominee to outspend a Republican. In 2008 Obama outspent John McCain 2-to-1, breaking a record set in 1972 by Richard Nixon. But neoliberalism is killing the middle class. It’s why both parties rely on cultural issues to hold their bases. If you back abortion rights, same sex marriage and gun safety you’re a Democrat. If not, you’re a Republican. On economic issues it’s more complex. If you hate big banks and political corruption, you could be for Sanders or Trump. It’s why Sanders talks so much about these things; they’re what the election’s all about. When Clinton isn’t calling Sanders a traitor, she says she shares his goals. But she doesn’t. Clinton was part of the neoliberal revolt that destroyed the Roosevelt coalition and she is as we’ve seen, a woman of markedly fixed views. She may be Obama’s heir, but Sanders is FDR’s. She campaigns as she does out of habit, and to hide the very real choice. The neoliberal experiment is over. Democrats, proud heirs to Franklin Roosevelt, are ready to come home.",1
2135,Climate-change deniers are in retreat,"There is no denying it: Climate-change deniers are in retreat.

What began as a subtle shift away from the claim that man-made global warming is not a threat to the planet has lately turned into a stampede. The latest attempt to deny denial comes from the conservative American Legislative Exchange Council, a powerful group that pushes for states to pass laws that are often drafted by industry. As my Post colleagues Tom Hamburger, Joby Warrick and Chris Mooney report, ALEC is not only insisting that it doesn’t deny climate change — it’s threatening to sue those who suggest otherwise.

The group, which suffered the highly visible defection of Google because of its global-warming stance and an exodus of other top corporate members, sent letters to Common Cause and the League of Conservation Voters instructing them to “remove all false or misleading material” alleging ALEC questions global-warming theory.

The problem for ALEC is that as recently as 2013, it was still reaffirming “model legislation” calling on states to consider “legitimate and scientifically defensible alternative hypotheses” to the “mainstream scientific positions” on climate. The proposed legislation states that there is “a great deal of scientific uncertainty” about the matter and suggests states treat possible beneficial effects of carbon “in an evenhanded manner.”

The turnabout at ALEC follows an about-face at the Heartland Institute, a libertarian outfit that embraces a description of it as “the world’s most prominent think tank promoting skepticism about man-made climate change.”

But on Christmas Eve, Justin Haskins, a blogger and editor at Heartland, penned an article for the conservative journal Human Events declaring: “The real debate is not whether man is, in some way, contributing to climate change; it’s true that the science is settled on that point in favor of the alarmists.”

Haskins called it “a rather extreme position to say that we ought to allow dangerous pollutants to destroy the only planet we know of that can completely sustain human life,” and he suggested work on “technologies that can reduce CO2 emissions without destroying whole economies.”

To be sure, this is a tactical retreat, and you shouldn’t expect conservative groups to start lining up in favor of a carbon tax. Rather, they’re resorting to more defensible arguments that don’t make them sound like flat-earthers. My Post colleagues quoted energy lobbyist Scott Segal saying that “the science issue just isn’t as salient as it once was.” Instead, Segal talks about the cost and viability of proposed regulations.

It’s likely no coincidence that the shift is occurring as the Obama administration approaches a June target to finalize rules on power-plant emissions. Those who oppose regulation are wise to abandon a position that holds little public appeal; a healthy majority of Americans accept that global warming is real, and a New York Times poll earlier this year found that even half of Republicans support government action to address it.

More and more conservative officeholders are embracing the “I am not a scientist” agnosticism on climate change rather than skepticism. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker John Boehner and presidential candidates Bobby Jindal and Marco Rubio have adopted this response, and Rubio has joined Mitt Romney and Chuck Grassley in embracing the less assailable position that U.S. efforts to restrict carbon are pointless without similar efforts across the globe.

Certainly, figures such as Senate Environment Committee Chairman Jim Inhofe (who calls man-made warming a “hoax”) and presidential candidate Ted Cruz (who fancies himself a modern-day Galileo opposing the “global-warming alarmists”) are not about to change. But as corporations abandon the untenable position of denial, ideologues will be forced to do the same.

As my Post colleagues noted, Southern Co., an operator of coal-fired power plants, decided to drop funding for a Smithsonian scientist who challenged climate-change theory but failed to disclose that his work was funded by fossil-fuel interests. ALEC’s declining skepticism also comes as even oil companies such as Occidental Petroleum and BP quit the group.

At ALEC’s December meeting, a climate-change contrarian got applause for declaring in his presentation that “carbon dioxide is not a pollutant. It is a benefit. It is the very elixir of life.”

For politicians and climate-denial groups, the elixir of life is money. Now that corporations are becoming reluctant to bankroll crazy theories, the surrender of climate-change deniers will follow.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
1540,Cruz and Trump battle for the South,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
152,"Supreme Court, Trump engulf Capitol Hill","Notable names include Ray Washburne (Commerce), a Dallas-based investor, is reported to be under consideration to lead the department.",1
2468,Estimated Enrollees for 2015 Health Care Decrease,"About 9.9 million people will sign up to have coverage through the Affordable Care Act’s insurance exchanges in 2015, millions fewer than outside experts predicted. Louise Radnofsky reports. Photo: Healthcare.gov.

WASHINGTON—The Obama administration said Monday it expects up to 9.9 million people to have private coverage through the Affordable Care Act’s insurance exchanges in 2015, millions fewer than outside experts had predicted.

The exchanges, which reopen Saturday for the law’s second year of health-insurance enrollment, previously were expected to enroll 13 million people in private coverage for 2015, according to an April 2014...",1
3265,McCain in toughest Senate fight of his life,"Eight years after he was the Republican presidential nominee, Sen. John McCain appears headed toward his toughest re-election fight yet, in no small part because of presumptive GOP presidential standard-bearer Donald Trump.

Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick, the Democratic Senate candidate who is neck-and-neck with McCain in polls, has relentlessly gone after McCain for the senator’s support – no matter how tepid – of Trump.

McCain has hardly shown enthusiasm for Trump, only saying he would support the party’s nominee (while planning to skip the GOP convention in Cleveland). And he’s privately warned that Trump could hurt his own bid. Politico reported on audio from a fundraiser where McCain is heard saying, “If Donald Trump is at the top of the ticket, here in Arizona, with over 30 percent of the vote being the Hispanic vote, no doubt that this may be the race of my life.”

But Kirkpatrick’s campaign is hammering any connection it can between McCain and Trump, settling for nothing short of denunciation by the sitting senator.

“John McCain’s supporting Donald Trump despite declaring Trump ‘dangerous’ and characterizing Trump's supporters as ‘crazies,’” Kirkpatrick campaign spokesman D.B. Mitchell told FoxNews.com. “It's clear McCain's 'straight talk' days are over.”

McCain’s campaign, meanwhile, has blasted Kirkpatrick as “siding with the liberal establishment.”

The race is a snapshot of the conflicted relationship high-profile Republican candidates across the country could have with the presumptive presidential nominee. The jury is out on whether, on balance, he would help or hurt congressional candidates.

But for McCain, Trump’s impact is even being felt in the Republican primary.

One of his opponents, Alex Meluskey, a businessman and talk radio host, cited an internal campaign poll showing most respondents would be more likely to vote for a businessman who never ran for office over a career politician – and claimed the “Trump phenomenon” would be good for him.

“Any time you have an outsider businessman, that absolutely favors us,” Meluskey told FoxNews.com.

McCain also is facing opposition from Kelli Ward, a doctor who resigned her state Senate seat last year to run full time for the U.S. Senate. She is touting a resounding GOP straw poll victory over McCain earlier this month at the Arizona Republican State Convention and is pushing a campaign theme of “bold, fresh and fearless,” to contrast McCain’s status as a longtime Washington insider.

The Republican primary is Aug. 30, just one day after McCain turns 80.

But it’s the expected November race that’s causing headaches for the senator this year. During his five decisive Senate victories, the relatively moderate McCain has rarely had a real challenge in the general election.

“He usually has more concern in the state over who his primary challenger will be,"" Barbara Norrander, a political science professor at the University of Arizona, told FoxNews.com. “Democrats have had a hard time recruiting someone viable to oppose him.”

This year could be different. A Merrill Poll in March found McCain leading Kirkpatrick by just one point, while a Behavior Research Center poll in April showed the two tied at 42-42 percent.

Kirkpatrick, a former Arizona state legislator, was first elected to the House in 2008. She was voted out of office during the Republican wave of 2010, then ran again and won in 2012 – and withstood another Republican wave in 2014 to keep her seat.

McCain has more than $5.5 million cash on hand, according to the Federal Election Commission. That overwhelms every other opponent, as Kirkpatrick has $1.3 million, Ward has $210,792 and Meluskey has $163,764, according to FEC reports as of March 31.

The McCain campaign is going after Kirkpatrick for her support of ObamaCare, and says Arizonans are facing a 21 percent increase in health insurance deductibles, while 59,000 Arizonans lost their insurance when the state’s co-op was removed from the federal marketplace.

“Even as independent analysts predict a dramatic rise in health care costs and more insurers contemplate exiting a crumbling marketplace, Congresswoman Kirkpatrick offers no solutions for the people of Arizona,” McCain campaign spokeswoman Lorna Romero said in a statement. “Instead, she is siding with the liberal establishment and ducking questions about President Obama’s failed health care law.”

On the issue McCain fears could be troublesome because of Trump, he and Kirkpatrick both agree on a pathway to citizenship for some 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States, but clash on the so-called Dream Act. Further, Kirkpatrick doesn’t necessarily have an automatic advantage with Hispanic voters.

The U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce endorsed McCain in April. Last year, the liberal group Emily’s List, backing Kirkpatrick, criticized another Latino coalition endorsing McCain as a “taco shop,” and said McCain put on a “sombrero to pander.” The Arizona Republic editorial board denounced the Emily’s List stereotypes.",1
1415,6 Questions Ahead Of The Trump-Fox Split-Screen 'Squirmish',"Donald Trump said this week if he went out on Fifth Avenue in New York and shot someone, he probably wouldn't lose any votes.

He chose a pretty big someone — Fox News (whose offices are one block over from Fifth).

Tune in to Thursday night's Republican debate on Fox (9 p.m. EST) in Iowa, the last one before Monday's caucuses, and you'll notice one very big elephant not in the room — Trump. The man who helped Fox to a record 24 million viewers in the first primary debate of this campaign season won't be there.

He pulled out of the debate after getting into (what Trump-endorser Sarah Palin might call) a ""squirmish"" with Fox over its insistence on keeping anchor Megyn Kelly as a moderator. Trump thought Kelly treated him ""unfairly"" in the first debate. Fox didn't budge, and then mocked Trump, saying in a statement the network had ""learned from a back channel"" that Iran's and Russia's leaders were intent on treating Trump ""unfairly"" if he became president, and that Trump was planning on using ""his Twitter followers to see if he should"" go to Cabinet meetings.

That was enough for Trump. He bailed, but upped the showmanship. He's holding his own alternative event — at the same time and just 3 miles away — a benefit for veterans. So, while Fox News hosts its debate, every other cable news network — which won't have broadcasting rights to the debate — will probably be airing the Trump event.

No, this is not an ""Ambien Dream,"" as Karl Zahn, a New Hampshire stand-up comic (and Trump supporter) wondered aloud to New Hampshire Public Radio's Josh Rogers this week of Trump's campaign.

This is very much real life. Here are some questions ahead of tonight's Split-Screen ""Squirmish"":

1. How much does Trump talk about the debate, Fox News and the GOP?

This isn't what the Republican Party wanted when it began sanctioning and limiting debates following the 2012 presidential election. And it certainly didn't expect a blow-up like this with Fox News, of all the networks. The Republican National Committee wanted to control the message and protect its candidates (and brand), but that hasn't worked out so well. Trump, as it turns out, has been a bigger force and commands a louder megaphone than anyone else in the party. Just how much will he use it Thursday night at his veterans event?

2. Who exactly will Trump's event benefit — and how much will be raised?

Charity events like this aren't exactly things that can be slapped together in 24 to 48 hours very efficiently. What will the energy be like? And who exactly will the money be going to? Trump has said maybe it should go to ""Wounded Warriors"" (the Wounded Warrior Project — the subject of controversy over its spending habits), but the press release just said a ""Special Event to Benefit Veterans Organizations.""

3. What about the debate — how much will Trump come up?

Trump won't even be at the debate, but he's already the dominant topic. There are two sides to this — the moderators and the candidates. You'd have to guess the moderators would have to say something about Trump's absence. (And no, there won't be an empty lectern, RNC spokesman Sean Spicer said on CNN Wednesday).

And certainly a few candidates would like a free shot at Trump, especially his closest rival, Ted Cruz. The Texas senator even challenged Trump to a debate at a college in western Iowa on Saturday evening. And you know what they say about candidates who are asking for debates. (Hint: It comes as Cruz's poll numbers are slipping in the Hawkeye State.)

4. Who grabs the spotlight instead?

There are still lots of storylines to play out at this debate. Cruz will now be in the center of the stage, and that means he might be the one everyone winds up going after. In earlier debates, Cruz held back. In the last debate, he showed why he was a champion college debater. But who's his foil without Trump on the stage?

Others need to break through, too. Florida Sen. Marco Rubio has quietly remained in third in Iowa and in the top three in New Hampshire, but his path is still hard to see. Rubio has had plenty of differences on these stages with other candidates (Cruz, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, for example). Can he show why Democrats seem to fear a Rubio nomination more than any other candidate?

This has been an election dominated by the outsiders, thanks to more hard-line conservatives fed up with the system. In years past, the party has gotten that out of its system in Iowa and establishment picks have eventually emerged. This year is pointing in a different direction, but there are still others trying to be viable in that ""establishment"" lane:

— Ohio Gov. John Kasich is the latest to have some momentum in New Hampshire. This debate may be in Iowa, but it's being broadcast to a national audience. And you can bet Kasich's target will be some 1,300 miles east. On caucus night, he'll already be in the Granite State, not Iowa.

— Bush has been on his last legs for a while, but he was more relaxed in the last debate. He has certainly taken on Trump, and he'll likely do so again, even if Trump's not on the stage.

— Christie had a solid performance in his last debate. He'll probably mix it up again.

6. Is Trump really the ""Teflon Don"" of this race?

There's some risk for Trump in not going to the debate. He can look presumptuous, entitled and untouchable. Maybe he really is the ""Teflon Don"" of this race. It's certainly not what a typical front-runner would do. That candidate would play it safe, have a good debate and position himself to win the first two contests.

But that's not Trump's style. He doesn't just play it big. He plays it HUGE. And that's what he's doing again. So, will Iowans feel snubbed? Or more precisely, will Iowans who have been supporting him to big numbers suddenly start to peel off? That's pretty unlikely. He can argue he's not snubbing Iowa; he's snubbing Fox, which in and of itself is pretty remarkable considering the role Fox plays in Republican politics and conservative circles.

Some candidate might figure out a way to use Trump's absence as an opportunity. But the likelihood, again, is Trump will spin this into a win, as the other candidates are forced to participate in a game without the star player whom everyone came to see.",1
2172,This is why they hate us: The real American history neither Ted Cruz nor the New York Times will tell you,"U.S. politicians rarely acknowledge this odious past — let alone acknowledge that such policies continue well into the present day.

In the second Democratic presidential debate, however, candidate Bernie Sanders condemned a long-standing government policy his peers rarely admit exists.

“I think we have a disagreement,” Sanders said of fellow presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. “And the disagreement is that not only did I vote against the war in Iraq. If you look at history, you will find that regime change — whether it was in the early ’50s in Iran, whether it was toppling Salvador Allende in Chile, or whether it was overthrowing the government of Guatemala way back when — these invasions, these toppling of governments, regime changes have unintended consequences. I would say that on this issue I’m a little bit more conservative than the secretary.”

“I am not a great fan of regime changes,” Sanders added.

“Regime change” is not a phrase you hear discussed honestly much in Washington, yet it is a common practice in and defining feature of U.S. foreign policy for well over a century. For many decades, leaders from both sides of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats, have pursued a bipartisan strategy of violently overthrowing democratically elected foreign governments that do not kowtow to U.S. orders.

In the debate, Sanders addressed three examples of U.S. regime change. There are scores of examples of American regime change, yet these are perhaps the most infamous instances.

Iran was once a secular democracy. You would not know this from contemporary discussions of the much demonized country in U.S. politics and media.

What happened to Iran’s democracy? The U.S. overthrew it in 1953, with the help of the U.K. Why? For oil.

Mohammad Mosaddegh may be the most popular leader in Iran’s long history. He was also Iran’s only democratically elected head of state.

In 1951, Mosaddegh was elected prime minister of Iran. He was not a socialist, and certainly not a communist — on the contrary, he repressed Iranian communists — but he pursued many progressive, social democratic policies. Mosaddegh pushed for land reform, established rent control, and created a social security system, while working to separate powers in the democratic government.

In the Cold War, however, a leader who deviated in any way from free-market orthodoxy and the Washington Consensus was deemed a threat. When Mossaddegh nationalized Iran’s large oil reserves, he crossed a line that Western capitalist nations would not tolerate.

The New York Times ran an article in 1951 titled “British Warn Iran of Serious Result if She Seizes Oil.” The piece, which is full of orientalist language, refers to Iranian oil as “British oil properties,” failing to acknowledge that Britain, which had previously occupied Iran, had seized that oil and claimed it as its own, administering it under the auspices of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, which later became the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company, and eventually British Petroleum and modern BP.

The Times article noted that the U.S. “shares with Britain the gravest concern about the possibility that Iranian oil, the biggest supply now available in the Near East, might be lost to the Western powers.” The British government is quoted making a thinly veiled threat.

This threat came into fruition in August 1953. In Operation Ajax, the CIA, working with its British equivalent MI6, carried out a coup, overthrowing the elected government of Iran and reinstalling the monarchy. The shah would remain a faithful Western ally until 1979, when the monarchy was abolished in the Iranian Revolution.

Less than a year after overthrowing Iran’s first democratically elected prime minister, the U.S. pursued a similar regime change policy in Guatemala, toppling the elected leader Jacobo Árbenz.

In 1944, Guatemalans waged a revolution, toppling the U.S.-backed right-wing dictator Jorge Ubico, who had ruled the country with an iron fist since 1931. Ubico, who fancied himself the 20th-century Napoleon, gave rich landowners and the U.S. corporation the United Fruit Company (which would later become Chiquita) free reign over Guatemala’s natural resources, and used the military to violently crush labor organizers.

Juan José Arévalo was elected into office in 1944. A liberal, he pursued very moderate policies, but the U.S. wanted a right-wing puppet regime that would allow U.S. corporations the same privileges granted to them by Ubico. In 1949, the U.S. backed an attempted coup, yet it failed.

In 1951, Árbenz was elected into office. Slightly to the left of Arévalo, Árbenz was still decidedly moderate. The U.S. claimed Árbenz was close to Guatemala’s communists, and warned he could ally with the Soviet Union. In reality, the opposite was true; Árbenz actually persecuted Guatemalan communists. At most, Árbenz was a social democrat, not even a socialist.

Yet Árbenz, like Mosaddegh, firmly believed that Guatemalans themselves, and not multinational corporations, should benefit from their country’s resources. He pursued land reform policies that would break up the control rich families and the United Fruit Company exercised over the country — and, for that reason, he was overthrown.

President Truman originally authorized a first coup attempt, Operation PBFORTUNE, in 1952. Yet details about the operation were leaked to the public, and the plan was abandoned. In 1954, in Operation PBSUCCESS, the CIA and U.S. State Department, under the Dulles Brothers, bombed Guatemala City and carried out a coup that violently toppled Guatemala’s democratic government.

The U.S. put into power right-wing tyrant Carlos Castillo Armas. For the next more than 50 years, until the end of the Guatemalan Civil War in 1996, Guatemala was ruled by a serious of authoritarian right-wing leaders who brutally repressed left-wing dissidents and carried out a campaign of genocide against the indigenous people of the country.

September 11 has permanently seared itself into the memory of Americans. The date has also been indelibly imprinted in the public consciousness of Chileans, because it was on this same day in 1973 that the U.S. backed a coup that violently overthrew Chile’s democracy.

In 1970, Marxist leader Salvador Allende was democratically elected president of Chile. Immediately after he was elected, the U.S. government poured resources into right-wing opposition groups and gave millions of dollars to Chile’s conservative media outlets. The CIA deputy director of plans wrote in a 1970 memo, “It is firm and continuing policy that Allende be overthrown by a coup… It is imperative that these actions be implemented clandestinely and securely so that the USG [U.S. government] and American hand be well hidden.” President Nixon subsequently ordered the CIA to “make the economy scream” in Chile, to “prevent Allende from coming to power or to unseat him.” Allende’s democratic government was violently overthrown on September 11, 1973. He died in the coup, just after making an emotional speech, in which he declared he would give his life to defend Chilean democracy and sovereignty. Far-right dictator Augusto Pinochet, who combined fascistic police state repression with hyper-capitalist free-market economic policies, was put into power. Under Pinochet’s far-right dictatorship, tens of thousands of Chilean leftists, labor organizers, and journalists were killed, disappeared, and tortured. Hundreds of thousands more people were forced into exile. One of the most prevailing myths of the Cold War is that socialism was an unpopular system imposed on populations with brute force. Chile serves as a prime historical example of how the exact opposite was true. The masses of impoverished and oppressed people elected many socialist governments, yet these governments were often violently overthrown by the U.S. and other Western allies. The overthrow of Allende was a turning point for many socialists in the Global South. Before he was overthrown, some leftists thought popular Marxist movements could gain state power through democratic elections, as was the case in Chile. Yet when they saw how the U.S. violently toppled Allende’s elected government, they became suspicious of the prospects of electoral politics and turned to guerrilla warfare and other tactics. These are just a small sample of the great many regime changes the U.S. government has been involved in. More recent examples, which were supported by Hillary Clinton, as Sanders implied, include the U.S. government’s overthrow of Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Muammar Qadhafi in Libya. In these cases, the U.S. was overthrowing dictators, not democratically elected leaders — but, as Sanders pointed out, the results of these regime changes have been nothing short of catastrophic. The U.S. is also still engaging in regime change when it comes to democratically elected governments. In the January 2011 revolution, Egyptians toppled dictator Hosni Mubarak, a close U.S. ally who ruled Egypt with an iron fist for almost 30 years. In July 2013, Egypt’s first democratically elected president, Mohammed Morsi, was overthrown in a military coup. We now know that the U.S. supported and bankrolled the opposition forces that overthrew the democratically elected president. Today, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, a brutal despot who is widely recognized as even worse than Mubarak, reigns over Egypt. In August 2013, Sisi oversaw a slaughter of more than 800 peaceful Egyptian activists at Raba’a Square. His regime continues to shoot peaceful protesters in the street. An estimated 40,000 political prisoners languish in Sisi’s jails, including journalists. In spite of his obscene human rights abuses, Sisi remains a close ally of the U.S. and Israel — much, much closer than was the democratically elected President Morsi. In the second Democratic presidential debate, when Sanders called Clinton out on her hawkish, pro-regime change policies, she tried to blame the disasters in the aftermath in countries like Iraq and Libya on the “complexity” of the Middle East. As an example of this putative complexity, Clinton cited Egypt. “We saw a dictator overthrown, we saw Muslim Brotherhood president installed, and then we saw him ousted and the army back,” she said. Clinton failed to mention two crucial factors: One, that the U.S. backed Mubarak until the last moment; and two, that the U.S. also supported the coup that overthrew Egypt’s first and only democratically elected head of state. There are scores of other examples of U.S.-led regime change. In 1964 the U.S. backed a coup in Brazil, toppling left-wing President João Goulart. In 1976, the U.S. supported a military coup in Argentina that replaced President Isabel Perón with General Jorge Rafael Videla. In 2002, the U.S. backed a coup that overthrew democratically elected Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez. Chávez was so popular, however, that Venezuelans filled the street and demanded him back. In 2004, the U.S. overthrew Haiti’s first democratically elected president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide. In 2009, U.S.-trained far-right forces overthrew the democratically elected government of Honduras, with tacit support from Washington. Latin America, given its proximity to the U.S. and the strength of left-wing movements in the region, tends to endure the largest number of U.S. regime changes, yet the Middle East and many parts of Africa have seen their democratic governments overthrown as well. From 1898 to 1994, Harvard University historian John Coatsworth documented at least 41 U.S. interventions in Latin America — an average of one every 28 months for an entire century. Numerous Latin American military dictators were trained at the School of the Americas, a U.S. Department of Defense Institute in Fort Benning, Georgia. The School of the Americas Watch, an activist organization that pushes for the closing of the SOA, has documented many of these regime changes, which have been carried out by both Republicans and Democrats. Diplomatic cables released by whistleblowing journalism outlet WikiLeaks show the U.S. still maintains a systematic campaign of trying to overthrow Latin America’s left-wing governments. By not just acknowledging the bloody and ignominious history of U.S. regime change, but also condemning it, Sen. Sanders was intrepidly trekking into controversial political territory into which few of his peers would dare to tread. Others would do well to learn from Bernie’s example.",1
1698,Donald Trump plots his second act,"After a summer of dominating the Republican presidential campaign, Donald Trump is moving into a new and un­certain phase that the billionaire businessman acknowledges will be more challenging than any project he has ever undertaken — even as he views the nomination as now within his reach.

In an hour-long interview with The Washington Post at his 26th-floor office in Trump Tower, the Republican front-runner ruminated on the many obstacles ahead. Sitting at a desk piled high with magazine covers bearing his image and strewn with polls and other testaments to his early success, Trump said he is far from satisfied with what he has accomplished to date.

“If you don’t win, what have I done? I’ve wasted time,” he said. “I want to make America great again, and you can’t do that if you come in a close second.”

Trump laid out for the first time in detail the elements of what will be the second chapter of his 2016 bid, signaling an evolution toward a somewhat more traditional campaign. Trump is preparing his first television ads with a media firm that is new to politics. Melania, his wife, and Ivanka, his daughter, are planning public appearances highlighting women’s health issues to help close Trump’s empathy gap with female voters.

Trump is also publishing a book and planning to roll out policies on reforming the Department of Veterans Affairs and on trade and China’s currency manipulations. And he is deepening his political organization far beyond the early states, with top advisers vowing that his fight for the nomination will go all the way to the floor of the Republican National Convention.

Trump, who is mostly self-funding his campaign, said he had originally budgeted up to $20 million through mid-September for television advertising. But so far he has not spent anything to go on the airwaves, since he is so often on them: “It’s been all Trump, all the time. . . . If you had an ad, people would OD.”

But he and his aides said that would soon change. His campaign says it has hired a Florida-based advertising firm, and Trump said he has proposed several concepts for ads in the works.

“I have such a great concept — in fact, so good,” Trump said, declining to specify.

Campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said Trump’s team would probably spend considerably more than $20 million on paid media later this year — “whatever it takes.” He said the spots would be “nontraditional,” saying the firm, which he and Trump declined to name, has never created political ads.

Central to the fall strategy is the release later this month of a book that will serve as a campaign manifesto. During the interview, Trump showed off the cover and title, “Crippled America,” and held up pages of the galleys, which he was editing by hand. “It’s actually the hardest I’ve worked on a book since ‘The Art of the Deal,’” he said, referring to his 1987 bestseller. “I don’t want to have a stupid statement in the book that people are going to say, ‘Hey, why did he say that?’ ”

Trump said he does not believe the next stage of the campaign will require him to change his flamboyant, confrontational style, which has captivated the attention of voters whether they support him or not. But he noted that running for president has brought pressures and demands that he did not experience in the business world and had not anticipated in the political arena.

“It’s very unforgiving,” he said. “If you make a mistake that can be very easily explained, it can still be turned around and then you have three bad days of press over something that actually wasn’t even a big deal.”

Trump said he doesn’t want to significantly tinker with how he presents himself to the public. As Lewandowski put it, Trump “remains Trump.”

“It’s going to be the same thing,” Trump said. “You’ve got to have a personality. You’ve got to be able to speak your mind. You’ve got to have some thoughts that are correct.”

[How Donald Trump left his mark on New York City]

Trump said he is readying for an eventual winnowing of the Republican field, but he disagreed with some predictions that the contest will narrow to just two or three finalists for the nomination. “I think you’ll go past New Hampshire and you’ll have four or five people left,” he said.

His advisers are working to assure that Trump will qualify for the ballot in all 50 states and the U.S. territories — an arduous and time-consuming task that has caused some first-time candidates to stumble. Lewandowski said the campaign has hired a company that will work only for Trump to meet the state-by-state requirements. Virginia is among the most difficult states, but Lewandowski said Trump will be qualified there by the end of this month.

“I’ll be happy to be the under­estimated campaign,” Lewandow­ski said. “If I don’t get Mr. Trump on the ballot, which is the nuts-and-bolts part of my job, I should be fired immediately.”

Trump’s campaign headquarters is on the fifth floor of Trump Tower here, in an industrial space that previously had been a construction area and hangout for the crew of NBC’s “The Apprentice.”

The main room is a showcase for Trump’s penchant for boastful teasing: A “wall of shame” features downcast photos of the two candidates who have dropped out, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Texas governor Rick Perry. It also highlights his proclaimed frugality, as aides work at plastic picnic tables and sit on folding chairs.

Compared with the bustling Brooklyn headquarters of Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton, with hundreds of staffers on the payroll, Trump’s Manhattan command center is barren. Lewandowski said about a dozen aides are at the location, including political director Michael Glassner and spokeswoman Hope Hicks.

Trump has between seven and 12 paid staffers in each of the first three voting states — Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina — and is hiring in Florida, Georgia, Tennessee, Texas and other states. Lewandowski said Trump enjoys a “massive grass-roots network,” allowing volunteers to feed local intelligence on rival campaigns to New York.

Asked if he had discussed an exit plan with Trump should the candidate slip in the polls, Lewandowski said he had not: “We’re going to the convention — that’s it. One delegate or 2,000 and change, we’re going to the convention, and there’s nobody who can get him out of the race.”

[Alongside Trump campaign, activist clashes are getting uglier]

From behind his desk, with Central Park over his shoulder, and with no television cameras rolling, Trump presented a less strident and combative persona than the one that has become a familiar presence on television. He was conversational and at ease, even introspective at times, while still displaying high sensitivity to perceived slights and unfair media coverage.

Trump held up last weekend’s New York Times Magazine, which included a cover he did not like of a cartoonish Trump as a rising balloon. Then he flipped to an inside page with a black-and-white portrait of him intensely pointing his finger at the camera. “Look at this,” he said, arguing that the photo should have been on the cover. “It’s the greatest picture I’ve ever had.”

During a tour of his office suite, Trump — ever aware of his image — laughingly declined a reporter’s request to pose for a photograph holding up an oil painting of himself that he said had been sent by a supporter. “You’d make me look so bad!”

The interview did not focus on his opponents, and Trump spent almost no time talking about them. He has often said he is a counterpuncher who attacks primarily when provoked. But he appears to have at least one exception: Mitt Romney. Asked about recent criticism from the 2012 GOP nominee, Trump made clear he fired the first shot. “I don’t blame him because I’ve been very tough on Romney,” he said. “He’s a choke artist.”

Trump claimed credit for keeping Romney out of the 2016 race, though he bowed out long before Trump ever became a candidate. Dismissing the suggestion that it was former Florida governor Jeb Bush’s fundraising prowess that kept Romney from the race, Trump insisted: “He got scared away by me! By my mouth.”

[Mitt Romney: Trump ‘will not be the nominee’]

Throughout the interview, Trump exuded customary aplomb but nonetheless indicated there are aspects of his performance that he can improve. He said he sensed he had won the first debate outright but suggested the second debate had been less satisfying.

“I was angry about the second debate,” he said, complaining about the overheated room and that three hours was one hour too many. “You can’t hold people’s attention,” he said. “ ‘Gone With the Wind’ was three hours, okay?”

He countered criticism that he had almost disappeared during much of the final hour. “People said, ‘Oh, he faded at the end,’ ” Trump said. “I didn’t fade. They didn’t ask me any questions. Now, I could have butted in like some people were doing, but I didn’t think it was appropriate.”

Trump said that in the next debate, which will be held Oct. 28 in Boulder, Colo., he will change tactics and insert himself more energetically in an effort to put questions about his previous performance to rest.

Trump’s candidacy has been fueled by his loud swagger and his hard-line views on immigration. But in the coming weeks, he hopes to bolster and reorient his message with an eye toward blue-collar voters.

“I’m a person who is capable of going into far greater detail than any of my opponents,” he said, an assertion likely to be tested by rivals. But he said the calls for him to do so come mainly from reporters and pundits: “I’ve never had a voter stand up and say, ‘Could you release policy papers?’ ”

A major component will be a tough new approach to China, which he said has “emasculated” the United States through trade and currency manipulation.

“I’ve been working hard on the China thing,” Trump said. “It’s astronomical what they have done to our country, to destroy the economics of our country. Astronomical. It’s the greatest theft in world history.”

[Donald Trump: ‘We have to take back the heart of our country’]

Trump’s competitors have suggested that he has little depth on international affairs. After being ridiculed for saying this summer that he gets much of his foreign policy advice by watching military experts on television talk shows, Trump has begun to seek counsel from some generals directly, Lewandowski said.

The strife in Syria has become a staple of Trump’s stump speech, and it is an area where he has begun to differentiate himself from others in his party with a stance that sounds decidedly more cautious. In the interview, he questioned those who are advocating more direct military intervention by the United States.

“They basically want to start World War III over Syria,” he said. “If we’re going to have World War III, it’s not going to be over Syria. . . . I won’t even call them hawks. I call them the fools.”

Immigration continues to be the issue that has largely defined his candidacy, though he said in the interview he was surprised at the strength of the response he has gotten with his inflammatory language about Mexican “rapists” and criminals. “I had no idea it was going to resonate in the way it has,” he said.

Trump also said he plans to talk even more about the role of money in politics and what he described as an incestuous relationship between candidates, the donor class and their allied super PACs.

Looking to boost his favorability with women, Trump plans to spotlight his wife and daughter, whose passion for women’s health issues could help soften the candidate’s edges. Asked if they shared his opposition to abortion, Trump demurred. “I’m going to let them reveal themselves if people are going to ask that question, which they might not,” he said.

Glancing at an office wall covered in mementos and awards, Trump picked up a campaign bumper sticker featuring his name in thick red letters. “A hot ticket,” Trump declared, smiling proudly.

“I believe in the power of positive thinking,” he said, “but I never like to talk it. It’s never in sight until you win it. You know, there are a lot of minefields out there.”",1
2125,Fact-checker calls out Obama for saying Keystone ‘bypasses’ US,"President Obama earned a double-barreled rebuke Monday from The Washington Post's fact-checker, for repeating a faulty claim that the Keystone XL pipeline ""bypasses"" the U.S. -- and for saying it would only carry ""Canadian oil.""

The president made the claims in an interview last week with WDAY of Fargo, N.D. Obama continued to downplay the impact of the Canada-to-Texas oil pipeline, just days after vetoing a bipartisan-backed bill that would approve the construction project. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., has teed up a vote to override that veto later this week.

In the local interview, Obama said:

""I've already said I'm happy to look at how we can increase pipeline production for U.S. oil, but Keystone is for Canadian oil to send that down to the Gulf. It bypasses the United States and is estimated to create a little over 250, maybe 300 permanent jobs. We should be focusing more broadly on American infrastructure for American jobs and American producers, and that's something that we very much support.""

The president has been called out before for claiming the oil would bypass the U.S.

Washington Post fact-checker Glenn Kessler explained Monday that while the crude oil would travel to the Gulf Coast, it would then be refined into products like gasoline -- and much of it certainly would be used in the U.S.

""Current trends suggest that only about half of that refined product would be exported, and it could easily be lower,"" Kessler said.

He cited a February report by energy industry consultant IHS Energy, which predicted most of the refined products would likely be ""consumed in the United States.""

Further, even the State Department issued a report downplaying the notion that a large amount of that crude would be exported, since foreign refiners would have to shoulder additional transportation charges.

Kessler said with his recent comments, Obama ""appears to be purposely ignoring the findings of the lead Cabinet agency on the issue.""

Further, he challenged Obama's claim that Keystone would just be for Canadian oil, since producers in North Dakota and Montana want to move oil from the Bakken area through it.

Kessler gave Obama ""four Pinocchios"" for his comments -- the worst rating on his fact-check scale.

""If he disagrees with the State Department's findings, he should begin to make the case why it is wrong, rather than assert the opposite, without any factual basis,"" Kessler wrote. ""Moreover, by telling North Dakota listeners that the pipeline has no benefit for Americans, he is again being misleading, given that producers in the region have signed contracts to transport some of their production through the pipeline.""

McConnell is aiming for a final vote on the Keystone veto override on Wednesday, with a procedural vote set for Tuesday. So far, supporters of the pipeline have not demonstrated they have the necessary two-thirds majority in Congress to override.

Obama, in opposing that bill, has argued the State Department needs to be allowed to finish its official review of the pipeline.",1
5111,Mike Pence doesn't share Donald Trump's worldview,"Washington (CNN) Donald Trump's vice presidential pick , Mike Pence, has held wildly different views on trade, Russia, Iraq and Muslims than the billionaire businessman.

Throughout his 16-year political career, the 57-year-old Indiana governor has adhered to traditionally muscular Republican policies on foreign affairs.

Trump, however, has taken a more isolationist approach and placed less emphasis on foreign issues. The issues that he has put at the center of his campaign are largely the ones he and his running mate disagree on.

Trump made his opposition to the Iraq intervention a major theme, criticizing Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton for her 2002 vote backing the war when she was in the Senate.

Pence, near the beginning of his 12-year tenure in the U.S. House, voted for the resolution authorizing the 2003 Iraq invasion as well.

Pence, who chaired the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on the Middle East, was also a prominent backer of the 2007 ""surge"" strategy sending more U.S. troops to the faltering effort in Iraq, telling CNN's Wolf Blitzer at the time that ""the surge is working"" while also defending the original decision to invade despite the absence of weapons of mass destruction.

Pence has also struck a harder line on Russia than Trump, whose authoritarian president, Vladimir Putin, the presumptive GOP presidential nominee has praised.

Trump asked an audience at a California rally in May, ""Wouldn't it be nice if we could get along with Russia? Wouldn't that be nice?""

Pence has opted for stronger rhetoric, telling the Conservative Political Action Conference in 2015 that, ""A new Iron Curtain is descending down the spine of Europe as modern Russia seeks to redraw the map of Europe by force.""

He added, ""Putin's Russia ignores talk of sanctions, claims land and supports rebels in Ukraine with impunity.""

And Pence has previously taken issue with some of Trump's national security proposals, calling his proposal to ban Muslim foreigners from entering the U.S. ""offensive and unconstitutional"" in a December tweet.

Trump has since refined the proposal, saying it would only apply to citizens from countries with connections to terrorism.

Perhaps more than any other international issue, Trump has made global trade a defining aspect of his campaign -- yet Pence has taken a diametrically opposed position.

The real estate mogul has frequently called NAFTA, which regulates trade between U.S., Canada and Mexico, ""a disaster."" During a Republican primary debate in February, he declared, ""We are killing ourselves with trade pacts that are no good for us and no good for our workers.""

Pence, in contrast, praised the role of global trade and slammed protectionism in a 2010 speech to the Detroit Economic Club.

""Protectionism and closing our doors to other countries does not help us, or people in the rest of the world,"" he said. ""We must support expanded free trade to renew American exceptionalism and create jobs.""

Pence also backed free trade deals with Panama, Colombia and South Korea while in Congress.

Potentially most problematic for Trump, Pence has been a strong proponent of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a regional trade deal involving 12 countries pushed by the Obama administration.

""The Trans-Pacific Partnership is another disaster done and pushed by special interests who want to rape our country -- just a continuing rape of our country. It's a harsh word, but it's true,"" Trump said in a speech last month in Ohio.

But in a September 2014 tweet, Pence gave the deal a ringing endorsement and called for its ""swift adoption.""

However, the Indiana governor has found common ground with Trump on some national security issues -- especially when it comes to criticizing President Barack Obama.

Like Trump, Pence has slammed Obama for reductions in the size of the American military.

Shared stances on the size of the military

""This administration has reduced our Army, now its smallest size since 1940. The Navy has fewer ships than at any time since 1916, and our Air Force has its smallest tactical fighter force in history,"" Pence said at the Conservative Political Action Conference.

""Our active-duty armed forces have shrunk from 2 million in 1991 to about 1.3 million today. The Navy has shrunk from over 500 ships to 272 ships during this same period of time. The Air Force is about one-third smaller than 1991,"" Trump said.

The Indiana governor has also echoed Trump's critique of the President's preferred terminology for terrorist groups.

""Lecturing the American people about the crusades while refusing to call Islamic extremism by name is an abdication of leadership,"" Pence told CPAC.

They also largely agree on Israel -- nowadays.

Pence is an avid backer of the Middle Eastern ally, telling the CPAC audience, ""Israel's cause is our cause"" and voicing approval of the decision by then-House Speaker John Boehner to invite Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to address Congress to lobby against the Iran nuclear deal the White House was then negotiating with Tehran.

Trump has also blasted the deal, and has recently staked out an aggressively pro-Israel stance.

""Israel is a very, very important ally of the United States and we are going to protect them 100%,"" he said last week, rebuffing an audience member's criticism of the country.

But last winter, Trump was castigated by many Republicans for declining to promise to keep Jerusalem as the undivided capital of Israel. He also said peace would depend on whether Israel is willing to make sacrifices and that he would remain ""neutral"" in negotiations.",1
1291,5 things to watch in tonight's debate,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
2957,What 250 more Special Forces in Syria can do,"ISIS is making enemies in Syria, and there's a need to ramp up efforts to train them. That's where the new Special Operations forces fit in.

President Obama’s announcement Monday that 250 Special Operations Forces will be headed to Syria suggests that a “start small” approach to combatting the Islamic State might be showing signs of promise.

Last fall, Mr. Obama sent 50 special operators to Syria as trainers as “a proof of concept of sorts,” says Melissa Dalton, a former intelligence analyst for the Defense Intelligence Agency. The goal was to see if the United States could use the training to gain traction with Kurdish fighters and Arab Sunnis on the ground, she says.

On Monday, Obama offered his verdict, saying that the expertise of the Special Operations Forces already in Syria “has been critical as local forces have driven [the Islamic State] out of key areas.”

Monday’s decision, then, appears to be an attempt to hit the fast forward button.

It “seems to reflect that this proof of concept works,” adds Ms. Dalton. “There’s been some positive momentum built up, with the idea now being, ‘OK, if we expand that out a bit further – multiply the amount of trainers in the country – then perhaps we can multiply the effects.' ”

There are questions. At a time when a diplomatic cease-fire is faltering, the US seems to be doubling down on a military strategy, even as it has failed to define what a realistic end state might be, Dalton says.

“Where are we building to? Is this the first of many plus-ups happening incrementally – and to what end?”

But building out the program bit by bit makes sense, say others. It gives the US the potential to empower anti-Islamic State forces in a proven way without becoming embroiled in a Mideast war.

In this case, “incrementalism is the right approach,” says Nicholas Heras, a Middle East analyst at the Center for a New American Security.

Monday’s decision mirrored another made last week, with more US troops on their way to Iraq in newly-expanded roles that will bring them “closer to the action,” as Defense Secretary Ash Carter put it.

With Obama making no secret of his desire to keep US out of another war in the Middle East, this increase in Syria from 50 to 300 Special Operations Forces is seen as a relatively low-risk gambit.

In the past, the US has made much more grandiose efforts at fighting the Islamic State, also known as ISIS. Before the US sent over its 50 special operators last fall, it attempted a $500 million effort to train Syrian anti-ISIS forces. The result: “four or five” fighters on the battlefield, Gen. Lloyd Austin told Congress last September.

But still, the Syrian rebels in the program were “getting terrific training,” Christine Wormuth, the Pentagon’s policy chief, assured lawmakers.

The answer was to pivot to the 50 special operators, who have worked on refining their message to potential recruits.

“They are explaining the benefits: They get training, they get US airstrike support, US logistical support, and the tacit idea that while ISIS is the primary objective, the US isn’t going to complain if these groups fight back against” Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, Mr. Heras says.

The trainers have also had some success in expanding the number of Syrian Arabs within the Syrian Democratic Forces, Heras adds.

That’s important in building some degree of trust among anti-ISIS forces. Kurds have proven to be US forces’ most-reliable partners, but Syrian Arabs distrust them – to the point that Sunni Arab families were fleeing deeper into ISIS-held territory for fear of Kurdish forces, Amnesty International reports. The Kurdish forces were accused of ethnic cleansing and forcibly removing Sunni Arabs from their homes.

Kurdish forces ultimately want an autonomous region of their own within Syria, a goal that many Sunni Arabs do not support, notes Jenny Cafarella, a fellow at the Institute for the Study of War.

But a greater ethnic mix of forces battling ISIS could help in the long run. If these troops can ultimately take back control of their hometowns, then they must find a way to live together and govern – an even trickier proposition than winning on the battlefield.

And the pool of recruits is growing.

In the first train-and-equip mission, the emphasis was on fighters that had been recommended by Syrians on the ground, often with the Turks acting as intermediaries.

Now, the latest pool includes “guys who were expelled from ISIS-controlled territory, so they have a sense of vengeance – they’re on a mission,” Heras says. “For them, it’s ISIS that’s the major impediment to them being able to go back home, to build up their own government,” he adds. “For them, it’s ISIS that’s the main enemy.”",1
4461,Political pundits talk polarization at Sanford School Tuesday,"Political columnists Michael Gerson and EJ Dionne reflected on the polarization of politics Tuesday night at the Sanford School of Public Policy.

Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, and Dionne, a former political reporter for the Washington Post and the New York Times, discussed how the public and the political establishment in America have “sorted” themselves into increasingly exclusive ideological camps. The speakers noted that members of different political parties interact with and resemble each other less and less. The discussion also explored how social and political institutions have driven polarization and how those same institutions might heal the partisan divide.

“You have two parties where no one in those parties can see anyone in the other party that looks and thinks like they do,” Gerson said.

Dionne and Gerson emphasized the increasing polarization of political parties not only on ideological lines, but also along cultural and regional boundaries. They noted that this has led to heated debates over issues that were previously areas of agreement.

“Equality of opportunity is not a natural state. It is a social condition that is developed—consciously developed—through educational institutions, working communities and economic policies.” —Michael Gerson

“My concern with that is that it tends to turn every issue into a culture war debate, no matter what it is,"" Dionne said.

Both Dionne and Gerson generally agreed that the Republican Party is currently more ideologically uniform than the Democratic Party. Gerson noted, however, that the Democratic Party appears to be polarizing at a faster rate than the Republican Party.

He also explained that the growth of conservative movements outside the Republican Party has made it harder for moderates within the party. Gerson said that while there are members of the Republican Party that want to reform government, there is also a significant wing of the party which dismisses the role of government in society.

“We have the emergence of an ideological movement that has an apocalyptic tone, that America is very much on the verge of collapse,” Gerson said. “They have adopted an ideology—a rather lazy ideology—called ‘Constitutionalism’ which essentially rules out the New Deal and the Great Society and all the modern purposes of government. That’s a very simple ideological approach and it’s not an adequate one for modern government.”

Dionne noted that some Republicans have now started to focus on inequality, which may lead to more centrist policies from the party.

“We have started to focus on the costs of the long rise of inequality,” Dionne said. ”At least Republicans are now giving some lip service to these problems.”

Dionne and Gerson both said that Republicans who acknowledge the role of government in creating equal opportunity and Democrats who acknowledge the role of families in creating social stability stand the best chance of reducing political polarization.

“Equality of opportunity is not a natural state. It is a social condition that is developed—consciously developed—through educational institutions, working communities and economic policies,” Gerson said. “We’re not achieving that for maybe a third of the American workforce, who now don’t have the skills and human capital to compete in the modern economy. It’s a fundamental challenge to the definition of the American experiment.”",1
4874,Why you should be skeptical of wacky new studies about what sways elections,"This has been a rough year for pollsters and pundits, with prediction after prediction going painfully awry. Even those supposedly unflappable data journalists have found themselves stepping in it.

But it’s not just the journalists and pollsters. Since I’m a professor of statistics as well as a blogger who often comments on academic papers that I think misuse numbers, I have a front-row seat to some of the least persuasive academic takes on politics and elections. And it’s been a big year for bad studies.

In journalism and polling, premature obituaries of Trump have been one common problem. In July 2015, the New York Times’s Nate Cohn remarked on ""a shift that will probably mark the moment when Trump’s candidacy went from boom to bust."" (That was a reference to Trump crudely dismissing the war record of John McCain, the former Republican presidential nominee.) ""His support will erode,"" Cohn wrote confidently, ""as the tone of coverage shifts from publicizing his anti-establishment and anti-immigration views … to reflecting the chorus of Republican criticism of his most outrageous comments and the more liberal elements of his record.""

Whoops. Only a month later, famed number cruncher Nate Silver gave Trump a 2 percent chance of winning the Republican nomination.

A couple of months after that, Gallup made the historic announcement that the organization would no longer do horse race–style election polling. You can see why this might be a smart time to get out of the predictions game.

I'd love to claim that I'm above all this myself, but really I too had no idea what would happen during the primary season. Whenever anyone asked me, I'd point them to an article I wrote in 2011 explaining why primaries are hard to predict.

In short, in the general election voters have months to make their decisions, the choice is between two candidates who are ideologically distinct, and most voters can rely on party cues. In contrast, primaries come in a rushed sequence, competing candidates tend to be similar in ideology, and (of course) they come from the same party. And with multiple candidates comes the opportunity for strategic voting (casting a vote for someone you dislike to defeat someone you dislike even more), which is a hard thing to model.

In recent years we have seen claims that political attitudes and preferences were determined by menstrual cycles and smiley face icons

In short, I avoided making any embarrassing predictions about primary election winners only by the tactic of avoiding making predictions, period — an option that was not so available to the Nates Cohn and Silver, who were expected to make real-time predictions (and who, to their credit, examined their errors afterward).

But academia has had no shortage of errant ""findings"" as well. This year, perhaps more than others, the internet has been swarming with conspiracy theories — some of these defended with statistical arguments.

In June, various people pointed me to a paper by Axel Geijsel and Rodolfo Cortes Barragan, graduate students at Tilburg University and Stanford, respectively, with the portentous title ""Are we witnessing a dishonest election? A between state comparison based on the used voting procedures of the 2016 Democratic Party Primary for the Presidency of the United States of America."" (Yes, indeed: that presidency.)

The paper, issued before the primary race between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders was decided, made the case that Sanders tended to win in states where electronic voting could be double-checked with a paper trail. Clinton, suspiciously — or ""suspiciously"" — tended to win when there was no paper trail. Moreover, Geijsel and Barragan wrote, the inaccuracy of exit polling supposedly rose in states without a paper trail, and the official results seemed biased toward Clinton.

The paper itself did not convince me, as there can be all sorts of differences between different states, and there’s no reason to pick just one of these factors and give it a causal interpretation. It’s what we call an observational comparison. You never know, fraud could always happen, but the paper supplied no useful evidence that this difference was the one driving the election results. (Not that you’d need an explanation as to why a 74-year-old socialist fails to win a major party nomination in the United States.)

But if going viral among Bernie followers counted in academia, these students would have tenure already.

Closer to the mainstream, in June, economics professors Ray Fisman and Andrea Prat, of Boston University and Columbia, posted a piece in Slate claiming that Fox News support for Donald Trump ""could erase a 12-percentage-point Democratic lead in the popular vote.""

I’m skeptical that this number is anything close to reasonable. After looking at the cited study, by professors Gregory Martin (political science, Emory) and Ali Yurukoglu (Stanford Business School), it seems to me that Fisman and Prat improperly extrapolated an estimate that was already probably too high.

Martin and Yurukoglu estimated that watching Fox News an extra 2.5 minutes a day increased a voter’s probability of voting Republican by 0.3 percentage points. But it’s not reasonable to assume that if the time watching the channel continued to grow, the shift in vote preference would continue to be strong and linear — all the way to 12 percent!

In addition, while I trust that the authors found what they reported, there is a well-known tendency for small but variable effects to be overestimated in this sort of statistical study. In general, estimates near zero are discarded and high estimates are reported. We call this the ""statistical significance filter,"" which can turn weak results into robust-seeming ones.

Regarding partisan news sources, I have more trust in a study by political scientists Dan Hopkins and Jonathan Ladd of Georgetown University, who analyze data from a 2000 pre-election poll and find a positive effect of Fox News on support for George W. Bush, but only for Republicans and independents. In summarizing this study, Hopkins writes that media influence ""fosters political polarization. For Republicans and pure independents, Fox News access in 2000 reinforced GOP loyalties."" Not a lot of room for a 12 percent swing in that claim.

The next month came a piece, based on work by the research psychologist Robert Epstein — Epstein also publicized it last year — called ""How Google Could Rig the 2016 Election."" It claimed that ""Google’s search algorithm can easily shift the voting preferences of undecided voters by 20 percent or more — up to 80 percent in some demographic groups — with virtually no one knowing they are being manipulated. … Given that many elections are won by small margins, this gives Google the power, right now, to flip upwards of 25 percent of the national elections worldwide.""

Quite a claim. The numbers, however, came from a highly artificial set of lab experiments in which participants were asked questions about unfamiliar political candidates after being shown unrealistically rigged search results. The researchers put extremely biased articles favoring one candidate on page one, moderately biased articles on page two, and so on, so participants had to go to pages four and five of a five-page search to find anything strongly favoring the other candidate.

Epstein then compounded his exaggerations by claiming, ridiculously, that the real-world impact of Google on elections would ""undoubtedly be larger"" than in his loaded experiments.

In fact, the real presidential election is not being held in an isolated lab: Voters have many sources of information about Clinton and Trump, beyond those found in (hypothetically) rigged search results. (Full disclosure: Some of my research is funded by Google.)

And it’s still only early September! Just wait till next month, when just about any election-related study will get 15 minutes of fame. In recent years we have seen claims that political attitudes and preferences were determined by menstrual cycles, smiley faces displayed near survey questions for subliminally short durations, and the mood swings caused by the results of college football games (really). All of these studies struck me as flawed, either in design or in the analysis of the data. (Follow the links for more details about my doubts.)

I'm not saying that these studies shouldn't have been done (well, in most cases). Researchers should be free to try out all sorts of outside-the-box ideas, and, indeed, in some of these cases I’m not criticizing the studies so much as the accompanying hype. But respected news organizations should think twice about dramatic claims about voting and elections, even if they are published in reputable scientific journals.

When it comes to research, election season is silly season, and there always seems to be room for one more story about how irrational those voters are. Who knows what else they’ll come up with before November 8?

Andrew Gelman is a professor of statistics and political science and director of the Applied Statistics Center at Columbia University. He blogs at Statistical Modeling.",1
4073,Fidel Castro makes rare public appearance in Cuba,"Fidel Castro, the frail and aging former president of Cuba, made his first public appearance this week in more than a year, shaking hands with a group of Venezuelan visitors, according to official Cuban media.

It was also his first public appearance since President Obama announced a new policy toward normalizing relations with Cuba.

The 88-year-old Castro was last seen in public in January 2014 at the inauguration of an artist's studio.

The official Cuban web site Cubadebate on Friday published four images of Castro sitting inside a bus or van shaking hands with members of the 33-person group of visitors.

Wearing a baseball cap and sporting longish gray hair and a beard, Castro is shown gripping the outstretched hand of four different people who lean through the window. Castro's face is largely obscured in the pictures.

Cubadebate said the encounter occurred in Havana outside an educational complex on March 30, but did not explain why the news wasn't reported until Saturday.

Castro temporarily stepped aside as president in July 2006 due to a serious illness. His brother Raul took over the post permanently in February 2008 after he was elected as the new leader.

An article accompanying the photos said Castro shook hands with the Venezuelan group ""for hours"" during the ""chance encounter."" The article said the group noted that ""Fidel is full of vitality.""

It said the Venezuelans were impressed by his lengthy and hearty hand-shaking session and the ""lucidity of the attentive listener to the multiple details of the Venezuelan reality, especially now that this great nation has become the target of imperial greed.""

In his remarks to the visitors, Castro was quoted as urging people to write to President Obama to stop labeling Venezuela a threat to the the United States.

Venezuela, under the late President Hugo Chavez, forged probably the closest ties with Cuba of any country in Latin America.

In February and March of this year, official Cuban media published photographs of the former president taken during private meetings with a Cuban student leader, with the Cuban agents who were freed from prison in December, and with Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, the Associated Press reported.",1
884,FACT CHECK: Bernie Sanders And Whether Poor Americans Vote,"Last week, an NPR analysis found Hillary Clinton outperforms Bernie Sanders in the states with the most income inequality. This weekend on Meet the Press, host Chuck Todd asked about that trend we discovered: Why would Sanders do worse in those states when income inequality is his signature issue?

We decided to look into that claim.

Do lower-income Americans vote that much less than the rest of the population? And did 80 percent of poor Americans really not vote in 2014?

Sanders may be off on that 80 percent figure, especially depending on how you define ""poor."" But his broader point stands: Poorer Americans do vote less than richer Americans.

We reached out to the Sanders campaign about these stats, and they sent us a source: a 2015 Pew report on financial insecurity and voting patterns. In that report, Pew separated Americans into five different groups based on their levels of financial security (derived from their responses to questions about how hard it is to pay their bills, whether they receive means-tested benefits like SNAP, and so on).

""Financially insecure"" doesn't exactly mean ""poor,"" but Pew itself calls measures of income a ""blunt measure,"" explaining that its insecurity index is a more nuanced look at people's day-to-day financial situations.

Those financially insecure people were much less likely to vote than the people with firmer financial footing. In that lowest-security group, only 20 percent of people were ""likely voters"" in that September-October 2014 survey (according to a Pew scale that determined a person's likelihood of voting). But the likelihood of voting goes up as financial security does — 63 percent of the most financially secure Americans were considered ""likely voters.""

So did 20 percent end up voting?

Census data says they did — and then some. Pew didn't exactly study based on income, but when the Census Bureau did in 2014, it found that among Americans in families making less than $10,000 (the lowest income group they studied), 24.5 percent voted (65.1 percent of those people said they didn't vote; the other 10.3 percent were classified as ""nonrespondents"").

So up to 75.5 percent of those very lowest income families didn't vote in 2014 (that is, the nonvoters plus the nonrespondents). That's close to 80 percent, which lends some weight to Sanders' claim.

But only some weight. That non-voting share may also be as low as 65 percent, given those nonrespondents.

Not only that, but there are plenty of people who make more than $10,000 per year who could still be considered ""poor"" or, in Pew's study, ""financially insecure."" After all, that group of people in families making $10,000 or less is only around 3.1 percent of all U.S. adults. There are plenty more people in the U.S. who are ""poor"" by one definition or another.

And the higher the income over that $10,000 mark, the more people voted in 2014, according to the Census Bureau, meaning that as income gets higher, the further the voting rate gets from that 20 percent mark.

So Sanders may be stretching it on that 80 percent figure.

However, his broader point stands: Lower-income people do tend to vote less than higher-income people. In those census data, voting rates go up with income levels — the highest-income group, people in families making $150,000 or more, also had the highest turnout, at 56.6 percent.

This doesn't just happen in midterms; other Census data from 2012 similarly show higher voting rates as income climbs.

And for further reading, here are two great analyses of this trend of low-income voters' low turnout: one from Sean McElwee in Politico Magazine in January 2015, and one from Daniel Weeks in the Atlantic in January 2014.

Sanders' answer was meant to address why he didn't perform better in unequal states. But it's not clear that if more poorer people voted in the primaries and caucuses that Sanders would have performed better. In some states like Iowa and Massachusetts, he performed close to or better than Clinton among lower-income people, while higher-income people preferred her, according to entrance and exit polls.

But as John Dickerson pointed out on CBS's Face the Nation this weekend, there were several states in which the trend was reversed:

""[I]n states like Ohio, Florida, New York, and even Michigan, which you won, those who would be — those earning less than $30,000 ended up voting more for Hillary Clinton. So, that doesn't seem to be the case,"" he said.

It's possible that more poor people turning out might help Sanders more — after all, many young people (who have been reliable sources of support for Sanders) are in school and earning little, and many others are at the start of their careers, earning less than their older counterparts.

But if the trend seen in the exit polls thus far held and more of those lower-income people turned out, they might not have boosted Sanders all that much.

At any rate, one other important point: The fact that so many Americans don't vote (and that those people tend to disproportionately be lower-income) matters in election outcomes.

In a 2014 report, Pew found that nearly half of nonvoters (that is, people who weren't registered or who were unlikely to vote) had a family income of less than $30,000 (compared with 19 percent of voters).

And those nonvoters had measurably different political views in some areas from likely voters. Nonvoters were more likely to be Democrats or lean Democrat, and they also were more likely to say that government aid to the poor ""does more good than harm.""

One other interesting facet of the interaction between income and turnout: As McElwee pointed out in that Politico article, research suggests that ""higher class bias in the electorate actually leads to higher levels of income inequality."" So if this trend of lower turnout among lower-income Americans continues, it could make inequality (the trend Todd was asking Sanders about in the first place) even higher.

Email from Warren Gunnels, policy director of Bernie Sanders presidential campaign. April 25, 2016

""The Politics of Financial Insecurity"" Pew Research Center, Jan. 8, 2015

""Who Votes? Congressional Elections and the American Electorate: 1978–2014"" Thom File, U.S. Census Bureau, July 2015

Voting and Registration in the Election of November 2012 U.S. Census Bureau, accessed April 25, 2016

""The Income Gap at the Polls"" Sean McElwee, Politico Magazine, Jan. 7, 2015

""Why Are the Poor and Minorities Less Likely to Vote?"" Daniel Weeks, The Atlantic, Jan. 10, 2014",1
3449,How a shortage of lethal injection drugs put the death penalty before the Supreme Court,"The Supreme Court on Monday decided that Oklahoma may continue the use of the controversial sedative midazolam for lethal injections — even after the drug was linked to several botched executions in 2014.

The Supreme Court case dealt with the botched execution of Clayton Lockett in Oklahoma. The Lockett execution, which took 43 minutes after experimental lethal injection drugs were administered, led four inmates — one of whom was executed before the Supreme Court decided the issue — to file a lawsuit challenging Oklahoma's lethal injection protocol. The Supreme Court ultimately decided the botched execution, along with other evidence, wasn't adequate proof that midazolam was cruel and unusual punishment.

But Oklahoma didn't always use midazolam for executions. The use of the controversial sedative is actually a response to an ongoing lethal injection drug shortage, which has left the future of the death penalty unclear in Utah, Oklahoma, Tennessee, and the 29 other states where executions are legal, and added a new angle to the perennial debate about the morality and effectiveness of capital punishment.

Over the past few years, a shortage of sodium thiopental, a key drug in lethal injections, has left states scrambling for alternative ways to execute prisoners and has inspired some to shroud the process in secrecy.

The shortage began around 2010, when drug suppliers around the world, including in the US, began refusing to supply drugs for the injections — out of either opposition to the death penalty or concerns about having their products associated with executions.

""The drugs were being cut off right and left,"" Deborah Denno, a death penalty expert at Fordham University, said.

""The drugs were being cut off right and left""

Hospira Inc. was the sole US supplier of sodium thiopental, according to Denno. But Hospira stopped producing the drug in 2011, after struggling to procure active ingredients for its production and fielding legal threats from authorities in Italy, where the death penalty is vehemently opposed.

Some states still managed to import sodium thiopental from shadier overseas sources. But beginning in 2012, the US District Court of the District of Columbia issued several rulings banning imports of the drugs, deciding that the imported supplies didn't meet FDA regulations.

As the shortage continued, states turned to other European companies for alternative drugs, such as phenobarbital and propofol, that are typically used as sedatives for surgeries. But these companies — under pressure from a European Union export ban, activists like Reprieve, and foreign governments that prohibit the death penalty — over time refused to supply the drugs.

As these companies either stopped supplying drugs or were unable to export to the US, states began to look for new — and sometimes untested — ways to execute prisoners.

With pharmaceutical companies out of the picture, states resorted to compounding pharmacies to make the drugs, which until now escaped most regulations since they did small, mostly out-of-sight transactions with individuals, not major customers. The US-based pharmacies began to produce experimental, sometimes secretive cocktails for states' executions.

Compounding pharmacies were originally meant to make custom drugs for individual people, not major buyers like state governments, Denno said. As a result, their drug cocktails can often be very shoddy — Georgia stopped an execution because its lethal injection drug was ""cloudy"" — and have been decried as experimental and dangerous by civil rights groups such as the American Civil Liberties Union.

But even compounding pharmacies may soon stop providing execution drugs to states. The International Academy of Compounding Pharmacists on March 24 announced that it ""discourages its members from participating in the preparation, dispensing, or distribution of compounded medications for use in legally authorized executions.""

Producing lethal injection drugs ""is only going to invite further scrutiny""

The stance may be a way for compounding pharmacies, which are largely unregulated, to avoid the extra regulatory scrutiny that can come with producing lethal injection drugs. ""These compounding pharmacies already have enough of a [public relations] issue,"" Denno said. Massachusetts, for instance, in 2014 passed a law cracking down on compounding pharmacies after a local company's drugs were implicated in the deaths of more than 60 people. Producing lethal injection drugs, Denno said, ""is only going to invite further scrutiny.""

But instead of stepping up regulations, some death penalty states have adopted measures to shield compounding pharmacies that provide lethal drugs from outside scrutiny.

In December, Ohio passed a law that will keep suppliers of lethal drug injections anonymous. John Murphy, executive director of the Ohio Prosecuting Attorneys Association, which supports the law, said last December that the changes are not meant to make the execution process more secretive. ""This just protects the identity of the people involved so they don't get harassed, intimidated, or attacked,"" he said.

The drug shortage hasn't only led to concerns about market forces, regulations, and supply and demand. It's also raised important constitutional questions about cruel and unusual punishment, as the shortage has led some states to try experimental and unpredictable drugs for executions.

Since 2014, there have been several high-profile botched executions — described in gruesome detail in the press — all of which have involved secretive, experimental uses of midazolam.

Here are some of the cases:

These botched executions drew criticism and put an unwanted spotlight on the use of experimental lethal drugs, which critics say is a violation of constitutional protections against cruel and unusual punishment. Some states, including Ohio and Oklahoma, have delayed further executions as they review their practices.

Denno expects these problems to continue as states struggle to replace superior drugs like sodium thiopental. ""Every time a state changes to a new drug, it introduces a degree of uncertainty,"" Denno said. ""These drugs aren't the first choice.""

Botched executions have been around as long the death penalty. About 7 percent of lethal injections and 3 percent of all executions between 1890 and 2010 were botched, according to Austin Sarat's Gruesome Spectacles.

Part of the reason states began using lethal injection drugs is because the previously preferred method of execution for many states, electrocution, often had horrifying results, including the eruption of burned flesh and even live fires as prisoners gasped for air and slowly died.

""We have really incompetent people doing this""

But lethal injections carry problems beyond the drugs used for the procedures that may make them even more prone to being bungled. For one, most doctors — who are likely the most qualified to administer the deadly drugs — won't participate in executions because administering a deadly drug to kill someone would violate professional ethics. In 2010, the American Board of Anesthesiologists voted to revoke the certification of any member who participates in executing a prisoner.

As a result, states aren't typically able to bring in the best-trained doctors, particularly anesthesiologists, to administer drugs that are very dangerous when mishandled. ""We have really incompetent people doing this,"" Denno said.

Perhaps as a result, lethal injection has always been one of the riskier forms of execution — even before the drug shortage forced states to experiment with alternative substances.

In Oklahoma, the doctor and paramedic who participated in Clayton Lockett's botched execution said they received no training, the AP's Sean Murphy reported. The execution team administered needles that weren't long enough for the procedure, and caused what a state official called a ""bloody mess"" when the doctor tried to set an IV line in Lockett's groin and blood gushed out.

In addition to physically botching an execution, it's always possible the state will execute an innocent person. An April 2014 study published in PNAS, a scientific journal, suggested that at least 4 percent of people sentenced to death in the US are likely innocent. At least six people were exonerated of death sentences in 2014, according to a January report from the National Registry of Exonerations.

So far, Denno of Fordham University has tracked three states that are moving toward alternatives to lethal injection should they run out of drugs. Tennessee reinstated the possibility of the electric chair, Utah has allowed the firing squad again, and Oklahoma has permitted nitrogen gas.

These methods of executions were largely abandoned 50 years ago. After the Supreme Court forced states in 1972 to reform their execution procedures to be less racially discriminatory, states began mostly using lethal injections, as this fantastic chart posted by John West at Quartz shows:

States could potentially seek out different drugs to continue using lethal injections and avoid execution methods that are widely seen as more gruesome. But states are also likely wary of repeating the same problems they've experienced with the current batch of drugs. ""The same thing is going to happen,"" Denno said. ""This has been a cycle: every time states have tried to do it, they've been cut off.""

But many of the methods of execution that don't involve injected drugs have major problems.

Denno predicted gas executions will likely turn into ""a disaster."" She said gas has the same issues as lethal injection drugs: it's unclear where states would get the chemicals required for the executions, and whatever chemicals are used may not be suitable for a quick, relatively painless death. It also recalls ghastly memories of World War II, when the Nazis used gas chambers to kill prisoners in death camps.

The firing squad is ""the quickest, the surest, and you have trained executioners to do it""

Electrocution and hanging were abandoned in the first place because they often resulted in botched executions. Electrocutions caused burned skin or live fires during multiple executions, and hangings could go very wrong when the rope broke or the prisoner was decapitated. Both can also take longer than 10 minutes to kill a prisoner.

Denno argued the firing squad may turn out to be the most humane of the available options, even above lethal injections. ""It's the quickest, the surest, and you have trained executioners to do it,"" she said.

Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center said states are dealing with the reality that there's no humane way of killing someone. ""All the methods of execution have problems,"" Dunham said. ""The involuntary termination of another person's life by execution is an inherently violent act.""

Of course, states may be able to come up with another method entirely — or repeal the death penalty altogether. But at least for now, states appear to be sticking to the traditional ways of executing prisoners.

Capital punishment persists through drug shortages and botched executions because it still has strong public support in the US, which puts pressure on lawmakers to find alternatives to lethal injection drugs rather than abolishing the death penalty in the 32 states where it's still legal.

America's support for the death penalty stands in sharp contrast with Europe, where only Belarus, a pro-Moscow dictatorship, still allows capital punishment.

An October 2014 Gallup poll found 63 percent of Americans support the death penalty, while 33 percent oppose it.

Support for the death penalty gets a little more complicated when Americans are asked about specific methods of execution. An NBC News poll from May 2014 found nearly two-thirds of voters support alternatives to lethal injection if the needle isn't an option. But most US adults told YouGov in a February 2015 survey that the gas chamber, electric chair, firing squad, hanging, and beheading are cruel and unusual punishment, while lethal injection isn't.

Support for the death penalty also varies from state to state. Executions are much more culturally and legally ingrained in the South and, to a lesser extent, the West than in the rest of the country. Eighteen states have abolished the death penalty, most of which are in the Northeast and Midwest, according to the Death Penalty Information Center.

So while popular support generally pressures lawmakers to find alternatives to lethal injections, that's not necessarily true in all parts of the country, and most US adults don't appear to support all methods of execution.

Regardless of what lawmakers do, the number of executions has been dropping for years. A report from the Death Penalty Information Center found the number of executions hit a 20-year low in 2014.

But even if that's the case, the death penalty as a whole remains very popular and culturally ingrained in the US — and that's led states to seek alternatives like experimental drugs, the firing squad, and nitrogen gas rather than abolishing executions altogether.",1
2920,Arab Officials Warn U.S. of Giving ISIS a Propaganda Win,"Arab leaders have been pressing the Obama administration to encourage the use of Sunni units in the campaign to retake Mosul from Islamic State, as not to give the militant group a propaganda win.",1
3699,Don't let Charleston shooting divide us (Opinion),"Atrocities such as the horrific shooting in Charleston provoke heartrending anguish and grief in people everywhere. However, for members of the black community who have too often experienced senseless violence due to racial hatred, our sorrow is visceral and makes us question whether our country will ever be free of racial animus.

The answer is no. Not because America is inherently racist or because it is not a just society. Rather, it is because racial hatred is premised on evil — an evil that takes over rational thought, thereby allowing irrational and destructive thinking to cloud one's judgment. It is this same evil that took the lives of four beautiful school girls in Birmingham, Alabama, more than 50 years ago, and it is the same evil that will always be present in the hearts and minds of some people. In light of this, what, as a country, are we to do?

As I try to answer this, I imagine myself as one of Reverend Pinckney's congregants sitting on the pews of Emanuel AME Church studying the Word on that fateful night. I imagine posing the question to him. I imagine hearing him provide the following answer:

""We are to do as Christ teaches us. We are to love. We are to treat others the way we would want to be treated, and we are to forgive those who trespass against us.""

Although many of us have been taught these lessons since childhood, it is admittedly very difficult to put them into practice during heartbreaking times such as this. However, this is not only what we are called to do but also what we must do in order to heal racial tensions that threaten the progress our country has made. Here in South Carolina, there has been much improvement in the racial climate, particularly as it relates to whites and blacks. State officials took swift and just action against former police officer Michael Slager in the death of Walter Scott, and the General Assembly recently passed new legislation requiring body cameras for all state and local law enforcement officers. However, disagreements on issues ranging from the placement of the Confederate flag on state grounds to the racial and economic disparities in educational opportunities remain. When discussing these and other race-related issues, starting from a place of love and empathy instead of accusation and distrust can help move us forward to a place of mutual understanding and advancement. As a black community, we cannot let our pain and anger harden our hearts such that we stop engaging in meaningful dialogues about race relations with others who neither look like us or think like us. The white community cannot retreat from the uncomfortable conversations about race, or harden their hearts to the painful experiences that blacks and other minorities have endured and continue to endure on a daily basis. If we are to combat the evil that darkened Mother Emanuel's door, we must learn from her and interact with one another in the same loving and welcoming spirit as she has shown for nearly 200 years. May God's love provide comfort to the victims' families and to our country during this difficult time.",1
5251,The Daily 202: What Trump’s latest shakeup says about his flailing campaign,"THE BIG IDEA: Shaking up his campaign once again, Donald Trump has decided to let Trump be Trump.

The Republican nominee knows he’s losing. Congenitally unable to take personal responsibility, he blames his slide in the polls on the people who have prodded him to act “presidential” and wage a more traditional campaign.

In a 5:38 a.m. press release, Trump announced that Stephen Bannon, who got rich on Wall Street but has never worked on a race before, will take a leave of absence from running Breitbart.com to become the campaign’s “chief executive.” Pollster Kellyanne Conway, who worked for Ted Cruz’s super PAC during the primaries but has been friendly with Trump for years, will become campaign manager.

Paul Manafort will retain his titles as campaign chairman and chief strategist, but Trump advisers told Robert Costa overnight that his status has diminished internally due to the candidate’s unhappiness and restlessness in recent weeks. The aides told Costa that Trump has grown to feel “boxed in” and ""controlled"" by people who barely know him.

Trump plans to redouble his focus on holding big rallies and doing lots of TV hits. He’ll also more aggressively attack Hillary Clinton, to the extent that’s possible, and he’ll reembrace his role as an outsider, making less of an effort to be nice to GOP graybeards.

During the primaries, when Trump was winning, then-campaign manager Corey Lewandowski always said ""let Trump be Trump."" He now wants to get back to that type of campaign culture. The moves send “a signal, perhaps more clearly than ever, that the real-estate magnate intends to finish this race on his own terms, with friends who share his instincts at his side,” Costa writes.

-- This is another proof point that Trump is not trying to run the kind of serious campaign that can actually win the presidency. That’s why it will frighten the GOP establishment, scare off some mainstream donors who have been playing footsie with the billionaire and push congressional leaders like Mitch McConnell a little closer to cutting Trump loose — maybe even before Labor Day. (Bannon’s site single-mindedly went after Paul Ryan in the run-up to his primary.)

-- Both of the newly elevated advisers are conservative populists who will never discourage Trump from following his id. It’s hard for a 70-year-old man to change his ways, especially this one. Donald’s id demands instant gratification more than most people’s, and he’s long struggled to control his impulsiveness.

-- The shake-up also suggests that Trump realizes Manafort’s Ukraine connections have become problematic and undercut the credibility of his attacks on the Clinton Foundation.

The Associated Press reports this morning that “Trump’s campaign chairman helped a pro-Russian political party in Ukraine secretly route at least $2.2 million to two prominent Washington lobbying firms.”

“The project was structured in ways that obscured the foreign party's efforts to influence U.S. policy,” Jeff Horwitz and Desmond Butler report. “The revelation was described to the AP by people directly knowledgeable about the effort. … Under federal law, U.S. lobbyists must tell the Justice Department if they represent foreign leaders or their political parties. A violation is a felony and can result in up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000.” (Read the whole story here.)

In Wisconsin last night, Trump announced that he would require “senior officials” in his administration “to sign an agreement not to accept speaking fees from corporations with a registered lobbyist for five years after leaving office or from any entity tied to a foreign government.”

-- Another important storyline: Breitbart News has long been Trump’s Pravda, and he just put the guy who runs the site in charge of his campaign staff. Amusingly, Trump’s press release this morning cites a somewhat unflattering 2015 profile from Bloomberg BusinessWeek that calls Bannon “the most dangerous political operative in America.” The release says “he will oversee the campaign staff and operations, in addition to strategic oversight of major campaign initiatives.”

Recall that Breitbart took the side of the Trump campaign after Lewandowski grabbed the arm of one of its reporters (he then lied about it until surveillance footage undercut his story). That reporter, Michelle Fields, subsequently left, and several employees resigned in protest.

-- Roger Ailes, the pugilistic and recently ousted founder of Fox News, is also reportedly moving closer to the inner circle. The New York Times reports that Ailes, still embroiled in a sexual harrassment scandal, is acting as a presidential debate adviser to Trump as he prepares to face off against Clinton. “Two [sources] said Mr. Ailes’s role could extend beyond the debates,” Maggie Haberman and Ashley Parker report. “For Mr. Ailes, being connected with Mr. Trump’s campaign could be a form of redemption after he was pushed out of the powerful network that he helped build.” The Trump campaign, naturally, publicly denies that Ailes has any role on the campaign, per Jose DelReal.

-- Trump is cozying up to Ailes and Bannon after months of being unable to hire A-level talent. The smartest and most ambitious operatives know that having his name on their resume will probably become a scarlet letter that may doom their future prospects. Politico’s Katie Glueck writes that top Republicans in several critical battleground states say, at best, they've never heard of Trump's state directors or have only limited familiarity with them — and at worst, they know them, and question their ability to do the job. Three telling examples from Katie’s piece:

-- Trump offered a revealing window into his management style when he said in 2007 that you should never hire people who are smarter than you. “You have to keep great people around you,” Trump told CNBC. “You always have to be on top of them. And you have to be smarter than they are. I hear so many times, ‘Oh, I want my people to be smarter than I am.’ It’s a lot of crap. You want to be smarter than your people, if possible.”

-- An important reminder of how little time Trump has to right the ship: “Voting actually starts in less than six weeks, on Sept. 23 in Minnesota and South Dakota, the first of some 35 states and the District of Columbia that allow people to cast ballots at polling sites or by mail before Nov. 8,” Patrick Healy writes on the front page of today’s Times. “Iowa is expected to have ballots ready by the end of September, as are Illinois and two other states. The electoral battlegrounds of Arizona and Ohio are to begin voting on Oct. 12, nearly four weeks before Election Day. And North Carolina and Florida will be underway before Halloween. … Nearly 32 percent of voters cast their ballots before Election Day in 2012 … compared with 29.7 percent in 2008 and 20 percent in 2004.”

-- The Trump campaign says it will (finally) begin airing its first television ads since the end of the primaries next week. The first ads will run in Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania and North Carolina. The buy will then expand to cover other battlegrounds in September, per the Wall Street Journal.

-- Today Trump will receive his first classified intelligence briefing in a SCIF at the FBI’s New York field office. He plans to bring New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief Michael Flynn with him. “Career staffers from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence … will be leading the briefing, which is expected to cover major threats and emerging concerns around the world,” ABC News reports.

-- “Like Trump, Flynn has advocated forging closer ties with Russia,” Dana Priest and Greg Miller note in their excellent profile of the retired general. “In interviews with The Washington Post, Flynn acknowledged being paid to give a speech and attend a lavish anniversary party for the Kremlin-controlled RT television network in Moscow last year, where he was seated next to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Asked why he would want to be so closely associated with a Kremlin propaganda platform, Flynn said he sees no distinction between RT and other news outlets. ‘What’s CNN? What’s MSNBC? Come on!’ said Flynn.”

“Dismayed by Flynn’s behavior since he left the military, former colleagues have contacted him to urge him to show more restraint. Among them are retired Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal, who relied heavily on Flynn in Iraq and Afghanistan, and retired Adm. Michael Mullen, a former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,” Dana and Greg report.

WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING:

-- Liz Cheney is poised to become a congresswoman after winning the nine-way Republican primary for Wyoming’s open House seat. From the Casper Star Tribune: “Cheney overcame criticism about her ties to Wyoming and won the Republican primary for the U.S. House, a seat once held by her father.” Cheney only got about 40 percent of the vote, but there’s no runoff and it doesn’t matter.

-- Some of the most powerful espionage tools created by the NSA’s most elite group of hackers have mysteriously appeared online, Ellen Nakashima reports, a development that could pose “severe consequences” for the agency’s operations and government security. “The file contained 300 megabytes of information, including several ‘exploits,’ or tools for taking control of firewalls in order to control a network. … The disclosure of the file means that at least one other party — possibly another country’s spy agency — has had access to the same hacking tools used by the NSA and could deploy them against organizations that are using vulnerable routers and firewalls. It might also see what the NSA is targeting and spying on.” Former NSA personnel who worked in the agency’s division said the file appeared to be legitimate. “Without a doubt, they’re the keys to the kingdom,” said one former employee. “The stuff you’re talking about would undermine the security of a lot of major government and corporate networks both here and abroad.”

-- As Vice President Biden arrived in Serbia, hundreds of ultranationalists marched through the streets of Belgrade chanting ""Vote for Trump!"" Biden is there to encourage the country's government to normalize relations with Kosovo, which split from Serbia in 1999 and claimed independence in 2008, Adam Taylor reports.

THE LATEST FROM THE OLYMPICS:

-- The U.S. has settled comfortably into a first-place lead in Rio, with 84 MEDALS total (that’s 28 gold, 28 silver, 28 bronze.) Meanwhile, the race for second is getting tighter: China is now edging out Britain by just ONE SINGLE MEDAL, up 51 to 50. (See the Post’s live medal count here.)

-- The U.S. women’s volleyball team beat Japan in the quarterfinals, advancing after a 25-16, 25-23, 25-22 victory in straight sets. They’ll play Russia/Serbia in the semifinals on Thursday. (Barry Svlruga)

-- Simone Biles claimed her FOURTH gold medal in the women’s gymnastics floor competition, capping off a week of stunning Olympic performances with a score of 15.966. Aly Raisman took home a silver medal and a 15.500 score – her highest marks of the Games. Britain was a distant third. “It’s pretty insane,"" Biles said, eyes widening when asked how she felt about winning four golds and a bronze in her five events. ""What I’ve accomplished in my first Olympics, I’m very proud of myself. I don’t know. It’s crazy."" She also got to meet longtime crush Zac Efron. (Liz Clarke)

-- Jenny Simpson made history after becoming the first American to medal in the women’s 1,500 meter race. ""Elsewhere on the track, Americans Tori Bowie and Deajah Stevens qualified for the women’s 200-meter final, Des Bieler reports. ""Dalilah Muhammad and Ashley Spencer advanced to the women’s 400-meter hurdles final and Kerron Clement did the same for the men’s version.""

-- The U.S. women’s basketball team beat Japan 110-64, advancing to the semifinals.

-- Rio continues to fail as a host city. Tens of thousands of volunteers have stopped showing up to the Games, grumbling they were overworked and underfed – pulling eight and nine hour shifts with only a small snack provided to break up the minutiae. One volunteer cited what he called the organizing committee’s lack of “consideration for people’s lives and welfare.” They “use us for free labor,” he told reporters. (Marissa Payne)

-- The FBI forcefully defended its decision not to criminally charge Clinton for her use of a private email server at the State Department, outlining their rationale in a letter to House Oversight Committee lawmakers. From Matt Zapotosky and Karoun Demirjian: “FBI Director James Comey announced in early July that he was recommending Clinton not be charged, and the letter … largely repeated statements he had made previously in public. But it also notably seemed to take aim at some ongoing conservative criticisms of Clinton – particularly that she was negligent in her handling of classified information and thus deserving of criminal charges.”

Jason Herring, who directs the FBI’s Office of Congressional Affairs, wrote that someone else who engaged in the type of conduct of which Clinton was accused might face “severe administrative consequences,” and the FBI was in the process of providing relevant information to other government agencies. But Herring also asserted that investigators found no evidence Clinton intended to mishandle classified information, noting that even three emails marked as classified did not originate with her and that State had determined two of them did not contain classified information.” (Read the four-page letter here.)

“The FBI’s letter to the Judiciary Committee makes clear this is much ado about nothing,” Senate Intelligence Committee ranking member Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), who released the letter, said in a statement last night.

House Oversight Chair Jason Chaffetz said the documents provided by the FBI yesterday left him “unpersuaded,” and “while members of his committee would were ‘not investigating the investigators,’ they were ‘trying to figure out what happened so that we can try to solve it.’ ‘We got to make sure this never ever happens again,’ Chaffetz said.”

-- Overplaying their hand: Trump adviser Al Baldasaro doubled down on his comment that Clinton should be “shot for treason” for using a private email server. ""The liberal media took what I said and went against the law and the Constitution and ran with it, and they said that I wanted her assassinated, which I never did,"" Baldasaro said. ""I said I spoke as a veteran, and she should be shot in a firing squad for treason."" (MassLive.com)

-- For the first time, the Clinton campaign pushed back against conspiracy theories from the fever swamps of the right that her health is frail. The evening press release included a statement from the former secretary of state’s doctor, Lisa Bardack, who maintained that she is in “excellent” health and that documents circulating online under her name are fake. “While it is dismaying to see the Republican nominee for president push deranged conspiracy theories in a foreign policy speech, it’s no longer surprising,” said Jennifer Palmieri, the campaign's communications director. “Trump is simply parroting lies based on fabricated documents promoted by Roger Stone and his right wing allies."" (David Weigel)

-- Hillary won the endorsement of the Working Families Party, a progressive group that worked to defeat her in the primaries. The group said 68 percent of members voted to endorse her. (David Weigel)

-- The campaign says it is “seriously” eyeing Utah as a potentially winnable state this year: On Bloomberg’s “Masters of Politics” podcast, field director Marlon Marshall confirmed the campaign sees opportunity in the state. “Are we going to win Utah? I don't know. But is it something that's on our radar? Yeah, we're gonna take a look,” he said. (Bloomberg)

-- Tim Kaine is fretting about Democratic complacency: He notes that few pundits predicted Trump would win the Republican nomination, and that few elites actually believed the British would vote to exit the European Union. He worries about a last-minute infusion of nasty ads from outside groups. “This is going to be a close race, I predict,” the senator said at a rally in Asheville, N.C. “We’re doing really good in some polls right now. … But you’ve just got to remember, this has been a season of surprises.” Yesterday, Kaine visited Fayetteville, home to the Army’s Fort Bragg. On Monday night, he played his harmonica at a bar. (John Wagner)

-- Clinton still won't say whether she'll stick with Merrick Garland if she wins. “Five months after winning nomination to the Supreme Court and becoming the object of a pitched partisan battle, Garland now finds himself in a surprising position: irrelevance,"" Mike DeBonis reports. ""The name of the mild-mannered appeals court judge … has been almost entirely absent from the campaign trail ... If she wins, Clinton will face pressure from her party’s left wing to select someone younger or more liberal than Garland. Standing by Obama’s man could alienate liberal Democrats, including those who backed Sen. Bernie Sanders. ... Still, others remain convinced she will stand by her support of Garland: 'I would think that she and all the people around her would say, ‘Why do we need to rock the boat here? Let’s get him confirmed quickly and move on to the next one, whenever that comes,' Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid told reporters last week.""

-- Citing the inherent conflicts of interest, the Boston Globe’s editorial board today calls for the Clinton Foundation to stop accepting donations – and shut down entirely if Clinton wins the presidency.

-- Several members of Trump’s newly-unveiled Agriculture Advisory Committee have been strong supporters of giving legal status to undocumented workers, Jose A. DelReal reports. “The 64-person committee will meet regularly, according to the campaign, and advise the GOP presidential nominee on food production issues. But several of those listed seem to be opposed to Trump's calls for mass deportation and strongly supported the comprehensive immigration reform package passed by the Senate in 2013 … Immigrant labor is a bedrock of the agriculture industry in the United States, many members of the newly formed committee have argued, and a shortage in the already scant agriculture labor pool would raise consumer prices.”

-- On Fox News, Trump said his proposed Muslim ban would not be able to stop everyone. ""Will people go through the cracks? Perhaps,"" he said. ""But it can be very, very tough. It's got to be very tough to come into this country.""

-- “Clinton’s and Trump’s approaches to racial politics mirror the fault lines of a nation,” by Abby Phillip and Jose A. DelReal: She campaigned in some of the most predominantly African American sections of Philadelphia yesterday, trying to run up the score with base voters. In the midst of racial turmoil in Milwaukee, Trump made a point to campaign last night in the predominantly white suburb of West Bend. ""Before the event, he met with local law enforcement officers to emphasize his commitment to being the ‘law and order’ candidate. The vastly different approaches to minority outreach by the candidates and their campaigns mirror the fault lines of a divided nation.""

-- New York Times, “Trump Casinos’ Tax Debt Was $30 Million. Then Christie Took Office,” by Russ Buettner: “By the time Chris Christie became governor of New Jersey, the state’s auditors and lawyers had been battling for several years to collect long-overdue taxes owed by [Trump’s casinos] … The total, with interest, had grown to almost $30 million. The state had doggedly pursued the matter through two of the casinos’ bankruptcy cases and even accused the company led by Mr. Trump of filing false reports with state casino regulators about the amount of taxes it had paid. But the year after [Christie] took office, the tone of the litigation shifted. The state entertained settlement offers. And in December 2011 … the state agreed to accept just $5 million, roughly 17 cents on the dollar of what auditors said the casinos owed.""

A coincidence? “Mr. Christie was close to the attorney general at the time, Paula T. Dow, whom he had appointed and who [previously] worked for him .... A week after the settlement was signed, Mr. Christie announced that he was appointing Ms. Dow to the counsel’s office of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey until he could find her the judgeship that she desired. ... The following month, Page Six reported that the Christies and the Trumps were seen double dating.""

-- Another crazy scenario to think about: Faithless Republican electors could become a problem for Trump. From Politico’s Kyle Cheney: Peter Greathouse, a Republican from Utah, says he’s not “comfortable” with Trump as his party’s nominee. Jane Lynch of Arizona says she’ll likely cast her personal vote for Gary Johnson. Texas Republican Loren Byers calls Trump “a loose cannon.” “Their critiques rank as mild in this polarized election year – until you consider who they are. All three are members of the Electoral College, and if Trump wins their states in November, they’ll be asked to cast the formal ballots that could make him president. Interviews with Republican members of the Electoral College – all from the red states Trump has his best chance of winning – reveal that the divisions that have wracked the GOP for months have also reached this oft-overlooked body with the ultimate authority to decide the election. All of the members contacted … insisted they would cast their electoral vote for Trump if he prevailed … But most indicated they would do so through gritted teeth – if only to reject [Clinton] or to uphold oaths they took to their party.”

-- More than 120 Republicans have now signed a letter urging the RNC to divert financial resources from Trump’s campaign, calling on party officials to shift funds to down-ballot Republicans instead. The letter, while first reported last week, was delivered to the RNC yesterday. (Katie Zezima)

-- Lindsey Graham predicted Trump will lose because of his incendiary rhetoric about minorities. “Reality is reality,” the South Carolina senator said in a radio interview. “Mitt Romney got 27% of the Hispanic vote. By 2050, a majority of the country will be African-American, Hispanic, Asian, and others, and we’re losing demographically. We’ve gone from 44% with Bush to 27% with Romney, and I don’t think Trump is going to get 20%.” Graham added that Trump’s candidacy has put the Republican Party on a course for a “demographic meltdown.” (Buzzfeed)

-- Rick Perry came to Trump’s defense in his dispute with the father of a slain Muslim American soldier, saying Khizr Khan “struck the first blow” and is therefore fair game. ""In a campaign, if you’re going to go out and think that you can take a shot at somebody and not have incoming coming back at you, shame on you,"" the former Texas governor said on CNN. His remarks break with current Gov. Greg Abbott, who has issued a statement saying the service of families like the Khans ""cannot be questioned."" (Texas Tribune)

-- Gary Johnson’s campaign said it raised $2.9 million online in the first two weeks of August. They claimed 90,000 donors contributed an average of $32. (Time)

-- Looking to 2020: John Kasich will travel to New Hampshire later this month, returning for the first time since the state’s February primary to stump on behalf of gubernatorial hopeful Chris Sununu.  (The Cleveland Plain Dealer’s Henry J. Gomez)

-- “The Trump two-step: How a GOP senator is trying, awkwardly, to keep his job,” by Philip Rucker: “As Sen. Patrick J. Toomey convened a roundtable discussion with local law enforcement leaders here in Western Pennsylvania, he made no boasts about a big, beautiful wall, or rounding up illegal immigrants … Instead, Toomey asked questions and listened. He spoke softly and judiciously. The message he hoped voters in this battleground state would take away was clear: I may be a Republican, but I’m no Trump. ... Once celebrated by his party’s grass-roots activists as a conservative purist, Toomey has labored throughout his first term to soften his image, most prominently by co-authoring gun-control legislation backed by Democrats."" Still, the two men’s fates are intertwined: Trump sees Pennsylvania as a must-win state, and the outcome of Toomey’s race could determine whether Republicans maintain control of the Senate. “Pat Toomey had positioned himself extremely well to win reelection,” said Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pa.). “The challenge for Pat is things outside his control."" (Al Hunt writes his Bloomberg column today on Clinton's big edge in the Philly suburbs.)

-- Another vulnerable senator, New Hampshire's Kelly Ayotte, explained the difference, as she sees it, between voting for someone and ""endorsing"" them. “There’s actually a big distinction: Everyone gets a vote, I do too,” Ayotte told CNN. “And an endorsement is when you are campaigning with someone.” She says she “endorsed” Mitt Romney by campaigning with him but would not appear with Trump. “While he has my vote he doesn’t have my endorsement,” Ayotte said of Trump. Most would say this is a distinction without a difference.

-- “The abortion rights movement is bolder than it’s been in years. That’s Cecile Richards’s plan,” by Caitlin Gibson: “In person, 59-year-old [Cecile] Richards exudes both a warm authenticity and a subtle impenetrability; there’s the sense that she means everything she says, but she isn’t saying everything. Polarizing? The word could have been invented for her. It’s a safe bet that how you view her depends on where you stand on abortion: She’s composed, heroic, a righteous defender of the vulnerable; or she’s cold, unfeeling, a cunning apologist for baby murderers. She gets standing ovations. She also gets death threats. In a lineup of past presidents of Planned Parenthood … Richards stands out: her background isn’t in women’s health care. It’s in organizing and politics. And she has deployed her skills in those fields to win major battles for abortion rights. Planned Parenthood endorsed Clinton in this year’s Democratic primary, taking sides for the first time … [Now], most strikingly, Richards has set her sights on the Maginot Line of the abortion wars — federal funding for abortions.”

-- Yesterday's most touching moment came after U.S. runner Abbey D’Agostino and New Zealander Nikki Hamblin collided during a women’s 5,000-meter heat. Both athletes stopped to help each other up – urging the other to continue in a show of remarkable sportsmanship and camaraderie. “I’m never going to forget that moment,” Hamblin said. “When someone asks me what happened in Rio in 20 years’ time, that’s my story.” And the story has a happy ending – despite being the last two competitors to cross the finish line, both girls will be allowed to compete in the final this Friday. (Rick Maese)

-- ""For two Olympians, a humiliating journey to Rio filled with gender-questioning,"" by Cindy Boren: ""Caster Semenya of South Africa and India’s Dutee Chand have fought lengthy, tough battles to earn their spots in Rio this week. In addition to the grueling training required of an Olympic athlete, they have been subjected to indignities and the public perusal of intensely intimate information. Both have a condition called hyperandrogenism, characterized by natural levels of testosterone … that are high enough to place them in the male range as far as international track and field officials are concerned.” Semenya, favored to win gold in the women’s 800-meter race today, was subject to a high-profile spate of testing after she was called a man by one of her 2009 competitors. Chand had to endure a legal battle. “All the scientific study detracts from what is an intensely personal journey for women, who want to compete in the bodies in which they were born."" Chand has said she “cried for three straight days” after reading what people said about her online.

The TV and political worlds mourned John McLaughlin, best known as host of ""The McLaughlin Group,"" who died Tuesday in Washington at 89 (see ""Videos of the Day"" for some great tributes):

From the right to the left, reaction to reports that Roger Ailes is advising Trump on debate preparation--

This is NOT The Onion:

David Copperfield held a press conference with Dina Titus and Mark Pocan urging Congress to designate magic as an art form:

Here's how a few other lawmakers are spending their breaks:

-- New York Magazine reporter David Wallace-Wells gives a terrifying, first-person account of the JFK Airport shooting scare: “I can’t remember what happened first — the flashing light of a fire alarm, the yelled warnings of a bomb and a shooter, the people turning around in a mob panic. I thought I saw smoke. I know I saw bags dropped, people falling to the floor and others stomping past them, through them, on them. The word stampede comes from the animal kingdom — gazelles running away from lions, horses running from some other threat. But there is really no other word for what happened last night at JFK, because panic turned us all into animals. Not only did police and security fail to prevent the spectacle of mob hysteria; on some level, given the way they pressed a hysterical crowd right back into a compressed space, they staged it. The way they handled the fallout, though, might have been even worse.”

One scene: “One man I talked to had darted down a jet bridge to take cover, inspiring others to follow, running and yelling. Only when he reached the end did he realize that the door was locked, and that, because there was no plane on the other side of it, he was actually suspended 20 feet or more in the air, like at the end of an unfinished bridge, with dozens or maybe even hundreds coming behind him. He’d have to smash the window, he figured … then just jump. That’s when he heard the screams of the crowd storming toward him: ‘They’re coming this way!’”

-- Vogue got a surprising amount of access to Huma for a profile --> “Huma Abedin On Her Job, Family, and the Campaign of a Lifetime,” by Nathan Heller: “Powerful, glamorous, and ubiquitous, Abedin is in many ways the engine at the center of Clinton’s well-run machine, crucial and yet largely out of sight. To onlookers, Clinton and Abedin seem to travel the world as a single entity joined by complementary strengths. If Clinton spends her life at the microphone, Abedin is constitutionally circumspect. If Clinton, in her bold suits and impeccable coifs, distills a certain era of feminist empowerment, Abedin, with her breezy downtown dresses and mobile power-dialing, is the professional face of a younger, more wired-in female generation. As Clinton’s longest-serving staffer, she is both the campaign’s deepest memory and its farthest-seeing eye—a woman who, more than anyone besides the Clintons themselves, can envisage the sort of president that Hillary will be … To hear Abedin tell it, though, she’s just a kind of accidental Forrest Gump of politics.”

On the campaign trail: Clinton is in Cleveland; Kaine is in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Pence is in Henderson, Nev.

At the White House: Obama is in Martha's Vineyard, Mass. Vice President Biden is in Kosovo.

On Capitol Hill: The Senate and House are out.

NEWS YOU CAN USE IF YOU LIVE IN D.C.:

-- D.C. police chief Cathy Lanier announced she is stepping down from her position next month to work for the NFL. Lanier, who has spent 26 years as a law enforcement officer in the District, and became the first permanent female chief to lead the department, will take over as head of security for the football league. (Peter Hermann, Clarence Williams and Ann E. Marimow)

-- Even MORE hot and sticky weather ahead today, the Capital Weather Gang reports: “We experience yet another day of heat and humidity, but more cloud cover compared to recent days helps cap temperatures a bit. It’s still unseasonably hot, with highs mainly in the low to mid-90s, and we could even see the week-long streak of 95-degree highs extend itself for an eighth straight day in the city. Factor in moderate humidity and the heat index will touch or exceed 100 this afternoon”

-- The Nationals lost to the Rockies 6-2.

-- Fairfax City Council appointed Eric Cantor’s former chief of staff, Steven Stombres, to temporarily fill in as mayor after Scott Silverthorne resigned over his alleged involvement in a meth-for-sex scheme. Members unanimously voted in support of Stombres, a former city councilman. (Antonio Olivo)

-- A widespread Sprint outage struck the D.C. and North Capital region overnight, leaving some callers unable to dial 911. “The problems were related to Sprint service, a spokesman for the department said, and recommended that anyone who needed emergency assistance text should use a landline or a cellphone with service from another provider.” Officials said the glitch was caused by “an extensive commercial power outage and fire.” (Justin Wm. Moyer and Victoria St. Martin)

-- Victims of a D.C. rabbi who was convicted of videotaping naked women as they prepared for ritual baths are demanding at least $100 million in a class-action lawsuit. Prosecutors say the disgraced Georgetown rabbi, Barry Freundel, is believed to have recoded more than 100 victims over a three-year period. (Julie Zauzmer)

-- Maryland prosecutors announced the shutdown of a major regional human-trafficking ring, nabbing three top actors in a years-long operation that victimized girls as young as 15. Police said the trio recruited women under false assurances such as modeling or debt repayment, then held them hostage at “dozens” of local hotels. (Lynh Bui)

-- A seventh body was found from last week's Silver Spring apartment explosion. Authorities ontinue to search for victims in rubble from the deadly blast.  The explosion left more than 30 injured and about 100 displaced. (Luz Lazo)

""Morning Joe"" created a devastating mash-up of Trump contradicting himself on foreign policy. He was for invading Iraq before he was against it, for pulling out all the troops before he said Obama doing just that created ISIS, and pushed to invade Libya before he came out against it.

Watch SNL's four excellent spoofs of the McLaughlin Group, with Dana Carvey as John McLaughlin:

In case you missed it, Kaine joined in a rendition of ""Wagon Wheel"" with his harmonica in Asheville, N.C. (click to watch):

His wife Anne did some clogging (click to watch):

In a cringe-worthy interview with CNN, Democratic Senate candidate Maggie Hassan (the governor of New Hampshire) declined to directly answer if Clinton is honest:

Ann Kirkpatrick, the Democratic candidate against John McCain, also would not say:

Finally, scientists couldn't help giggling at this funny looking squid:",1
3930,Phyllis Schlafly: Campus sex assault is on the rise because too many women go to college,"In a Monday column for the far-right website World Net Daily, the longtime anti-feminist crusader lamented the declining portion of university enrollments accounted for by men. Schlafly — BA and JD, Washington University in St. Louis; MA, Radcliffe College — argued that it may even be time to implement quotas to ensure that men constitute at least half of a college’s enrollment.

“Long ago when I went to college, campuses were about 70 percent male, and until 1970 it was still nearly 60 percent,” Schlafly wrote. “Today, however, the male percentage has fallen to the low 40s on most campuses.”

Never one to shirk victim-blaming, Schlafly proceeded to link the problem of campus sexual assault to the increased enrollment of women in postsecondary institutions.

“Boys are more likely than girls to look at the cost-benefit tradeoff of going to college,” Schlafly asserted. “The imbalance of far more women than men at colleges has been a factor in the various sex scandals that have made news in the last couple of years.”

With so many women around, what do you expect a college man to do — seek consent!? “So, what’s the solution?” Schlafly asked. “One solution might be to impose the duty on admissions officers to arbitrarily admit only half women and half men.” “Another solution might be to stop granting college loans,” she suggested, “thereby forcing students to take jobs to pay for their tuition and eliminate time for parties, perhaps even wiping out time for fraternities and sororities. I went through college while working a full-time manual-labor job, and I don’t regret a minute of it; it was a great learning experience.” While minimum wage jobs once sufficed to pay one’s way through college, skyrocketing tuition has created a harsher reality for college students. Absent financial aid and family assistance, the typical college student would now need to work 48 hours a week at a minimum wage job in order to pay for her courses — and that’s before accounting for the ever-increasing cost of room and board.",1
1536,Suspected terrorist attack on a free speech event in Copenhagen leaves one dead,"This is horrifying news, especially on the heels of the Charlie Hebdo shooting in Paris. This tweet from Inna Shevchenko, an activist with the feminist group Femen who was speaking at the event, is especially chilling:

Shevchenko's tweet literalizes the broader threat posed by attacks on people whose only crime is speaking their mind. When terrorists attack people for drawing Muhammed, the intent isn't just to kill these people: it's to create a deterrent to anyone who might, in the future, use their speech rights in a way that radical Islamists don't like. Writer Timothy Garton Ash calls this the ""assassin's veto:"" the idea that killers can use fear to put limits on free speech.

Nothing makes that threat feel more real than gunfire literally interrupting an address meant to defend free speech.",1
84,U.S. District Judge orders homophobic Kentucky clerk to explain why she shouldn’t be fined or jailed for contempt,"Kim Davis — the Rowan County, Kentucky Clerk who earlier today brazenly defied the Supreme Court’s order to issue marriage licenses citing “God’s authority” — has been ordered to stand before U.S. District Judge David Bunning on Thursday and explain why she shouldn’t be jailed and fined for her actions.

In a statement released after she refused, for the fourth time, to issue David Moore and David Ermold a marriage license, Davis said that “[t]o issue a marriage license which conflicts with God’s definition of marriage, with my name affixed to the certificate, would violate my conscience. It is not a light issue for me. It is a Heaven or Hell decision.”

“I was elected by the people to serve as the County Clerk,” she continued, and “I intend to continue to serve the people of Rowan County, but I cannot violate my conscience.” That she is an elected official has become a point of contention, because as such she can’t be fired for refusing to abide by the Supreme Court’s ruling. Removing her from office would entail impeachment proceedings, which will either have to wait until the next legislative session or require the calling of a special session, which could be prohibitively expensive.

In the meantime, no one in Rowan County will be issued a marriage licenses. Lawyers representing the four couples who were denied licenses told the Associated Press that “[s]ince Defendant Davis continues to collect compensation from the Commonwealth for duties she fails to perform,” they want Judge Bunning to “impose financial penalties sufficiently serious and increasingly onerous” — but that they are not seeking for her to be jailed for contempt. The scene at Davis’ office this morning was raucous, with supporters of both side lining the walkway into it and occupying the tiny building. “Praise the Lord!” yelled one, “Stand your ground!” Another demanded Davis “Do your job!” One of her supporters was her husband, who noted that his family has received death threats and warned people that he’s a firm believer in the Second Amendment. “I’m an old redneck hillbilly,” he warned. “That’s all I’ve got to say. Don’t come knocking on my door.” Watch video via the Courier-Journal below.",1
1553,"If this is what a “Rubio surge” looks like, Republicans really are screwed","On one hand, it is yet another example of how Rubio, despite poll numbers touted as shiny, is running a pretty lousy overall campaign. For months, stories have percolated about its cheapness, which Rubio’s advisers have bragged about. Lay out the cash to rent campaign offices? Pfffft. Who needs an office when the team can do everything from their laptops in Starbucks, nursing $4 lattes for several hours while poaching the free Wi-Fi? It’s edgy and hip, to people who still think of Starbucks as hip.

Rubio’s team instead has spent their money, as NR points out, more on TV ads and “digital outreach.” The theory seems to be that in this interconnected modern world where you can take Harvard classes or get your melanoma diagnosed online, the candidate can be less engaged in old-fashioned retail politics while selling himself on a national level to Republican voters across the country. Which might not be a bad strategy, if voting for all the primaries happened on the same day. But in places like Iowa and New Hampshire, voters still value the candidate who makes the effort to come to their state and schmooze for their vote.

In fact, the modest-at-best success of this strategy so far highlights just how much of Rubio’s status as one of the top contenders for the GOP nomination is an artificial creation of the Republican establishment and the mainstream media. For a Republican Party that needs more young voters, the Florida senator must seem like a godsend. He’s the perfect synthesis of youthful energy and revanchist policies, a dudebro who can exhort his love of football to people under 30, reeling them in before explaining why abortion should be outlawed with no exceptions and the United States should reinstate the embargo against Cuba.

On the other hand, the complaints of people in Iowa and New Hampshire that a candidate is failing to pay proper fealty to them in exchange for their votes highlights the absurdity of the primary process in this modern, multi-cultural America. The two states are among the smallest in population, with a total population of just under 4.5 million. They are also two of the least diverse states, both ethnically and economically. Yet any campaign that doesn’t at least make a strong showing in one or both states’ primaries gets tagged as “struggling,” saddled with bad press and a campaign death watch, and sends donors fleeing to candidates who made stronger showings.

But anyone who questions the states’ place in line gets shouted down and disappeared faster than a communist apparatchik mildly criticizing a five-year plan. Republican strategist Liz Mair got a hard lesson in this dynamic last March. Hired by Wisconsin governor Scott Walker to work on his now-defunct campaign, Mair was forced to resign after one day when someone uncovered tweets she had posted mocking Iowa’s place at the forefront of the primary process. Or recall the firestorm that erupted before the 2008 primaries, when Michigan and Florida tried to jump the line and move their own primaries forward. This resulted in lots of shouting, finger-pointing, complaints about a lack of respect for tradition, and Iowa almost moving its caucuses into 2007 so it could still be the state where the primary voting started. The Democratic National Committee came very close to stripping Michigan and Florida of their delegates as punishment. In 2012, the Republican National Committee did strip Florida of its delegates when the state once again tried to flout the rules to move its primary forward. Rubio’s strategy might be easier to understand if there was some indication that the campaign is hoarding resources for later. But that does not appear to be the case, and it might cost him down the road, when he will need more than hype from the establishment and the press to keep his campaign aloft. On the flip side, he’s highlighting an absurdity of the primaries and pissing off a bunch of self-important Republicans in the process. For liberals, it’s a win-win.",1
4512,"Bank records show $28,500 deposit to Syed Farook's account two weeks before the shooting, source says","EXCLUSIVE - A $28,500 deposit was made to Syed Farook’s bank account from WebBank.com on or about Nov.18, some two weeks before he and his wife Tashfeen Malik carried out the San Bernardino massacre, a source close to the investigation told Fox News Monday.

Investigators are exploring whether the transaction was a loan taken out by Farook, who with his wife killed 14 and wounded 21 when they opened fire at a holiday lunch.  He earned $53,000 a year with the county as an environmental health inspector. Investigators are also exploring the possibility that a subsequent cash withdrawal was used to reimburse Enrique Marquez, the man who bought the two AR-15 semiautomatic rifles used in the San Bernardino shootings. Marquez, who could be charged, especially if it is determined that he illegally modified the weapons, is now reportedly answering investigators’ questions.

“Right now our major concern at the FBI, the ATF, and the JTTF (Joint Terrorism Task Force) is determining how those firearms, the rifles in particular, got from Marquez to Farook and to Malik,”  assistant special agent in charge with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, John D’Angelo, told reporters in California Monday.

The deposit came via Utah-based WebBank.com, which describes itself as “a leading provider of national consumer and commercial private-label and bank card financing programs” on a nationwide basis. On or about Nov.20, Fox News is told Farook converted $10,000 to cash, and withdrew the money at a Union Bank branch in San Bernardino.  Afterwards, in the days before the shooting, there were at least three transfers of $5,000 that appear to be to Farook’s mother.

The loan and large cash withdrawal were described to Fox News by the source as “significant evidence of pre-meditation,” and further undercut the premise that an argument at the Christmas party on Dec. 2 led to the shooting.

Fox News is also told that investigators are exploring whether the $10,000 cash withdrawal was used to reimburse Enrique Marquez, the man who bought the two semiautomatic rifles used in the San Bernardino shootings. Marquez is now reportedly answering investigators’ questions.

At Monday's news conference,  authorities said the weapons were all legally purchased in California between 2007 and 2012.

The source, who was not authorized to speak on the record about the federal investigation,  said there is further evidence of pre-meditation with a charge for the SUV rental processing on Farook’s account Nov. 30, two days before the shooting.

Contacted by Fox News, a woman who was identified by another employee as Lorie Gilbert and a member of WebBank.com’s strategic partnership, said they were “not going to respond to that (questions about the Farook transaction)” before hanging up.  Another WebBank.com employee said they were “not talking to the press.”

A spokesman for Union Bank, David Weidman, declined to comment on specific questions, including whether the Nov. 20 $10,000 cash withdrawal triggered reporting requirements.  Weidman confirmed they are working with the FBI and others, adding, ""We are cooperating to the full extent of the law with the agencies conducting investigations into this tragedy.”

There was no immediate response from lawyer David Chesley, who has been representing the family.

Catherine Herridge is an award-winning Chief Intelligence correspondent for FOX News Channel (FNC) based in Washington, D.C. She covers intelligence, the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security. Herridge joined FNC in 1996 as a London-based correspondent.",1
518,Gundlach: Trump Would Use Debt Like Reagan for Growth,"DoubleLine Capital’s Jeffrey Gundlach said Donald Trump, if he’s elected president, would help the U.S. economy recover by going further into debt, just as Ronald Reagan fueled growth in the 1980s.

“Trump is going to win, and Trump is going to increase the deficit,” Gundlach said during a panel discussion Thursday in New York. Reagan “did it by taking three or four decades of stable nonfinancial debt-to-GDP ratio and putting it on a hockey stick higher.”

Gundlach, 56, isn’t endorsing any candidate, according to Loren Fleckenstein, a DoubleLine analyst. The fund manager, who has been predicting a Trump election victory since February, noted that Trump’s campaign slogan, “Make America Great Again,” resembles Reagan’s “Let’s Make America Great Again.”

Under Reagan, the U.S. debt grew to more than $2.3 trillion at the end of 1988 from $807 billion eight years earlier, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The total U.S. debt as of Dec. 31 was $15.1 trillion.

Markets might not react favorably to a Trump election at first, because the Republican presidential candidate has criticized international trade agreements, according to the fund manager.

“First, I think you’re going to get a global growth scare, trade-based,” Gundlach said. “That could cause a market rollover which to me looks like it’s already under way.”

This retreat in the S&P 500 Index could be “an excellent buying opportunity,” Gundlach added, as the debt binge “will probably stimulate growth, at least temporarily.”

The S&P 500 is down about 0.6 percent since Trump’s victory Tuesday in the Indiana primary. His win prompted his two remaining Republican opponents, Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich, to suspend their campaigns.

“When I say Donald Trump’s going to win, it’s not that I’m wildly rooting for him, although I don’t dislike Donald Trump,” Gundlach said in an interview with Fox Business Network’s “Wall Street Week” set to air Friday at 8 p.m. New York time. “It’s just like, I think it’s going to happen.”

On the panel discussion, Gundlach said oil prices must get to $60 a barrel to avoid a wave of high-yield debt defaults, a price he doesn’t expect to see soon. He predicted more junk-bond defaults when borrowers are forced to roll over debt in a rising interest-rate environment by 2018 or the following two years.

Gundlach said he continues to be long on gold. Spot gold was trading at about $1,277 an ounce as of 6:48 p.m. Thursday in New York, up 20 percent this year. In January, Gundlach said he expected gold would climb to $1,400.",1
3313,VA admits it has no contracts in place for billions of dollars spent on veterans’ medical care,"Top officials at the Department of Veterans Affairs acknowledged to House lawmakers Monday that they have been spending billions of dollars a year on private medical care for veterans without contracts, and said it would be too costly and cumbersome to put them in place.

“VA acknowledges that our long-standing procurement processes for care in the community need improvement,” Edward Murray, VA’s acting secretary for management and interim chief financial officer, testified, referring to what’s called non-VA care. Murray said that “serious legal questions” have arisen over medical care veterans get outside VA hospitals and clinics, a growing cost that’s expected to reach more than $10 billion this fiscal year.

The hearing before the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs’s investigations panel was the second of three scheduled for the spring to address allegations of billions of dollars in misspending flagged by Jan R. Frye, VA’s deputy assistant secretary for acquisition and logistics, about contracting practices. The Washington Post reported in May that Frye had sent a 35-page memo to VA Secretary Robert McDonald in March accusing agency leaders of making a “mockery” of federal acquisition laws and spending at least $6 billion a year in violation of contracting rules.

Frye described a culture of “lawlessness and chaos” at the Veterans Health Administration, the massive health-care system for 8.7 million veterans, and said his efforts to reform a wasteful, disorganized contracting process that put veterans health and taxpayers money at risk have been met with resistance from agency leaders for years.

Frye, testifying Monday, repeated his concerns that VA has failed to engage in competitive bidding or sign contracts with outside hospital and health-care providers that offer medical care for veterans that the agency cannot provide, such as specialized tests and surgeries, obstetrics care and other procedures. VA has paid billions of dollars in such fees, in violation of federal acquisition rules that the agency’s own general counsel has said since 2009 must be followed, Murray and other officials acknowledged at the hearing.

Frustrated lawmakers from both parties said the lack of contracts represented another case of bureaucratic incompetence they said has become the order of the day at VA.

“If the atom bomb can be built and wars conducted under the acquisition regulations, surely VA can deliver patient care under them as well,” Rep. Mike Coffman (R-Colo.), chairman of the oversight panel, said, and later called the contracting issues an example of “bureaucratic lawlessness.”

But VA officials said they would need to hire at least 600 employees to write and oversee contracts for private care, an expense they cannot afford. They also said that in rural areas in particular, many physicians are nervous about doing business with the government and are wary of the paperwork involved in a contract with VA.

Phillipa Anderson, VA’s assistant general counsel for government contracting, said that if a doctor or other clinician is paid, properly billed and provides a service to a veteran, that effectively constitutes a contract. But Frye and several lawmakers said that practice puts taxpayers and veterans at risk.

“When federal contracts are required and you don’t use them, there are terms and conditions that are missing from the contract,” Frye said. “There are termination issues. Disputes over fair and reasonable prices. A whole host of issues. Safety and efficacy. Without them, the contractor is there to do what he or she wants.”

VA operates one of the largest health-care systems in the country, spanning 150 hospitals and more than 800 outpatient clinics. The agency has been struggling to serve not only the veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan, but also a surge in veterans who served in the 1960s and 1970s.

VA has been rocked since last year by revelations about long wait times for veterans seeking treatment for health issues including cancer and post-traumatic stress disorder. McDonald’s predecessor, Eric K. Shinseki, resigned as VA secretary last year after a coverup of months-long hospital wait times became public, and Congress has given the system $10 billion in new funding to ramp up private medical care.

The agency is urging Congress to pass legislation that would allow an expedited form of purchasing care for veterans who need to go outside the VA system, allowing the use of agreements other than those required by federal acquisition regulations.",1
2332,'American Sniper' widow: Gun control won't protect us,"Taya Kyle is the author of ""American Wife: A Memoir of Love, War, Faith, and Renewal."" Her late husband, Chris Kyle, was the subject of the movie, ""American Sniper."" Taya Kyle was an invited guest for the CNN Town Hall "" Guns in America ."" Follow her on Twitter: @TayaKyle . The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers.

(CNN) Many of us taking part in the CNN town hall on guns have been touched by someone who chose to do evil.

I am sharing my thoughts with you because I feel I can relate to people on both sides of the issue of gun control. I have been afraid of guns, I have sworn I would never use a gun on another person and so did not need one, and I have wanted to deny the existence of evil.

I have also become a gun owner, am prepared to defend myself with a firearm, and understand the fear of my freedoms being taken away.

I have been touched by extreme violence and I have been robbed of the life I always wanted by someone who chose to do evil. Because I have felt, and lived, all of these things, I have spent much time thinking about evil, freedom and not only the world we live in, but the country too.

There are many facts and statistics people will use to argue both sides of the gun control issue. We can use other countries as examples and we can use crime rates of cities, states and countries. And no matter how thoroughly researched the statistics are, people have an emotional reaction to this issue that almost always overrides the statistics presented, other than this one: The violent crime rate in the United States has gone down substantially in the last 20 years.

Our fears, though, have gone up, because of the high-profile incidents of mass killings of people caught unaware. Killers have taken lives in churches, schools, hospitals, government buildings, the site of a marathon, the Twin Towers and even a part of a military base where soldiers were known to be unarmed.

These killings highlight the fact that any of us, and any of our loved ones, are vulnerable when caught with our guard down against another person who desires to do harm.

Does it matter what weapon they used? If it was a rifle, a pipe bomb, a truck of fertilizer, a pressure cooker or a plane -- the end result is the same. Yet millions of other people have the freedom to have those very same things and will never use them to kill.

These horrific mass killings were committed by a very small number of people who wish to harm and kill others. When they do it, we flock to the scene and ask ""Why?"" Who are these people who choose to do harm? What is their story? What went wrong? What are they trying to tell us?

Ultimately, in our horror, we give them a voice they would never have had otherwise. Is our insatiable need to know and find out how their lives might have gone wrong part of the result they are looking for? Is that part of the reason there is an incentive to do such harm to innocent people? We know it isn't the availability of the weapon, because they used different methods, different weapons.

Can we fix these people? Can we legislate out of them the desire to kill? Those in the business of fighting crime and analyzing mental illness can look into the lives of each of these killers and tell you the red flags that popped up before the massacre.

Why don't we deal with that instead of banning the tools very few use? By the very nature of these crimes, we know that evildoers don't care about the laws. After all, murder is against the law, and they are choosing to ignore the law from the moment they plan to harm people.

Beyond that, who among us has the right to tell me I will murder someone because I have a gun? And who can tell me that I can only defend and protect myself in a way they feel comfortable with?

Just having access to a deadly weapon doesn't turn someone into a killer. Have you ever felt road rage? Many of us who have cars have felt some form of extreme anger at other drivers because we feel they have put us in harm's way. We might even envision ramming their cars or cutting them off in return, but do we actually do it? No, because the overwhelming majority of us never want to take another human life.

Even special ops guys, military and police who are trained to kill for legitimate purposes, who are familiar with multiple weapons and have access to the weapons and ammunition -- even these people, who are experienced, will tell you they never know if they can pull the trigger until placed in a position to use deadly force to protect another person.

My government has proven that it's not able to protect me against people who want to kill. And I don't blame the government, because there is only one person to blame here: The man or woman who decided to kill.

Killers will use any means

If you put an assault rifle in my hands or yours, I am not going to murder anyone, and I am guessing you won't either. But what makes gun control advocates think that someone who decides to kill will not use any means necessary to do so?

The officers would take him at his word, deliver him to a mental health facility where the facility would write a diagnosis which is known in that community as a label for likely drug use, and they would release him. Because of the HIPAA law and our desire to protect everyone's privacy, we allow bad behavior to slip through the cracks.

Imagine how different things would be if a mental health facility could tell police, ""This is a drug user,"" and the police could go track him for drugs and put him in jail for breaking those laws instead of waiting for worse crimes in the future.

In the state of Texas, there is a fairly new certification process for our police where officers are trained to notice and recognize mental health issues and have knowledge of the drugs people take and the effects of them. So how they intervene is different based on whether they believe there is a mental health issue vs. a drug issue. Wouldn't it be a better use of our time to work through this issue? It gives police a different crisis intervention method.

Some advocates want to restrict certain kinds of guns -- perhaps allowing a pistol but not an assault rifle.

To those who don't know guns well, the term ""assault rifle"" brings to mind either a sniper's gun or a fully automatic weapon we have seen in the movies, meant to mow down large numbers of people. In actuality, fully automatic weapons are already highly restricted and require an additional license most gun owners will never have.

The lack of understanding makes it easy to develop rhetoric and legislation that will calm the fears of people who don't understand a given subject, but that doesn't really change any end result because we cannot legislate the evil side of humanity.

In this country, we give freedom and take it away once you prove to be unworthy of the freedom we have given you. Nobody suggests taking away cars or going through a battery of tests to determine whether or not you might be a drunk driver one day.

Does every man commit rape? There is a human element here that is real and we cannot legislate. Would we take away the freedom of all men by castration because some cannot handle what they have? No, we allow freedom until an individual chooses to take something that others use for good and use it to do harm to another.

Are our current laws being enforced? Are felons and known drug users really put in jail when arrested for a lesser crime and known to have a gun? In most situations, no, because police have more pressing issues than to incarcerate a felon for having a gun that he or she hasn't used in a crime. We have plenty of laws on the books that we cannot or do not enforce. Let's start enforcing what we have before creating new laws.

Understandably, we want a solution to ensure that we and our loved ones will never be in the situation of being caught unaware by someone who chose to do evil. Mass killers have targeted churches, businesses, movie theaters, schools and hospitals, but they could as easily take their violence to a place where people are armed. Yet they do not.

When Chris and I were looking into our personal security after the book ""American Sniper"" came out, we took measures and thought of different scenarios, and Chris told me that still, based on his experience, ""Babe, if someone wants to kill me, they will.""

Presidents John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan were arguably some of the best-protected men in our country. Did it stop someone from shooting them?

As Reagan once said, ""You won't get gun control by disarming law-abiding citizens. There is only one way to get real gun control: Disarm the thugs and criminals, lock them up and if you don't actually throw away the key, lose it for a long time.""

The evil few; the responsible majority

And what we need to do is find the courage to accept that from the dawn of time until the day man no longer walks the earth, evil will find a way. Murder is nothing new, it is not going away and it is not dependent on one method of killing or another.

We can forge ahead knowing that while evil is among us, it involves the few. The good, responsible people are the vast majority. We can trust each other with basic freedoms until one of us proves to be untrustworthy by maliciously, intentionally harming another of us.

If you have never owned a weapon, or have never known the masses of peaceful gun owners who love their families and are in nurturing professions such as counseling, nursing, social work and pastoral jobs, may I suggest you talk to them about why they cherish their freedom to have these weapons?

We have slipped into a land of government that has promised the moon, seldom delivered and driven us into a world of more laws, more government, and less freedom -- and none of that has stopped murder, pain and suffering.

No government can provide the utopia many seek. My hope for this country is that we remain a people who value freedom, who have the courage to face the realities with faithful hearts instead of anxious ones. I hope our people hold tight to the notion that we do not have to be a fear-ridden country focused on restrictions, but rather that we remain the land of the free and home of the brave.

God bless you and thank you for giving me some of your time.",1
287,"House report: Cash-strapped IRS prioritized bonuses, union activity over helping taxpayers","While facing budget cuts, the IRS nevertheless prioritized worker bonuses, union activity and the implementation of President Obama’s health care law over assisting taxpayers during tax season, according to a new report released Wednesday by the House Ways and Means Committee.

The findings, in a Republican-led report, were released ahead of a subcommittee hearing Wednesday morning with IRS Commissioner John Koskinen.

At the hearing, Koskinen stressed that the agency is significantly under-funded, and those cuts have consequences.

He said less funding means there will be a decline in service for taxpayers, and pledged that service would improve if they got more money.

""Customer service -- both on the phone and in person -- has been far worse than anyone would want. It's simply a matter of not having enough people to answer the phones and provide service at our walk-in sites as a result of cuts to our budget,"" he said.

But Republicans argued the IRS is making bad spending choices. ""I would just suggest to you that there's hardly a person in America today that isn't doing more with less, that hasn't tightened their belt and learned how to work with less,"" Rep. Mike Kelly, R-Pa., said.

The IRS has faced congressional budget cuts of $1.2 billion since 2010, and has faced criticism in recent years over the targeting of conservative groups applying for tax-exempt status and reports of wasteful spending. The new report said the cuts were intended to “force the IRS to manage its resources more effectively and immediately stop inappropriate activities.”

However, while cuts were made in part to focus the agency on customer service, the report asserted that “spending decisions entirely under the IRS’s control led to 16 million fewer taxpayers receiving IRS assistance this filing season.”

The panel found the IRS had cut customer services while continuing to hand out bonuses to employees, allowing staff to conduct union activities, failing to collect debt owed by employees of the federal government and spending over $1.2 billion on implementing ObamaCare.

Even though the IRS’s budget for taxpayer assistance remained flat from fiscal year 2014 to 2015, the level of over-the-phone customer service significantly decreased, with the agency shifting staff in customer service to focus on written correspondence instead of telephone calls. Meanwhile, the number of calls doubled in that period.

The panel found that wait times increased from 18.7 minutes to 34.4 minutes, and answered calls decreased from 6.6 million to 5.3 million.

“In January 2015, the IRS commissioner estimated that taxpayer service would decline while delays in tax refunds would increase. While the IRS commissioner has blamed this solely on budget cuts, in reality the IRS deliberately diverted resources away from taxpayer services,” the report found.

Despite the drop in service, there was no significant decrease in bonuses for IRS employees. Notably, in November 2014, despite another round of budget cuts at the IRS, Koskinen announced that employees would receive bonuses at the same level as for the previous year, unless they had substantiated conduct issues, the report said.

While acknowledging that the agency has cut the amount of time spent on discretionary union activity, the report questioned why it could not have been decreased further, asserting that “the amount of resources spent on discretionary union activity could have assisted nearly 2.5 million taxpayers.”

The report noted that while the IRS’s implementation of ObamaCare was deemed a success by Koskinen, “the IRS achieved this supposed success by prioritizing … implementation over other activities, including core responsibilities like taxpayer assistance.”

The panel also claimed the agency had failed to pursue recommendations for streamlining and reducing waste and abuse. It concluded that what it called “large areas of systemic waste and inefficiency” present in 2010 remained unaddressed in 2015, and highlighted in particular that the IRS spent $2.1 million on litigation services that the government could have conducted itself.",1
2146,Bad idea: Shell’s gearing up to start drilling in the Arctic again,"After suspending its Arctic program for years following the grounding of one of its drilling rigs, the company announced Thursday that it plans to start drilling this summer in Alaska’s Chukchi Sea.

“Will we go ahead?” CEO Ben van Beurden said during the company’s fourth quarter results conference. “Yes if we can. I’d be so disappointed if we wouldn’t.”

It’s a perplexing decision. For one thing, Arctic drilling is an inherently risky activity, and Shell has a poor track record of getting it right. And even when it is done right, says Mackenzie Funk, who reported an in-depth e-book on the company’s 2012 Arctic fiasco, it’s incredibly expensive. “Simply the practicality of getting giant rigs up there, the practicality of getting oil from that far away from the rest of us to market is a huge, huge undertaking,” Funk recently told Salon.

“We will only do this if we feel that we can do it responsibly,” van Beurden told the BBC, adding, “I think that we are as well prepared as any company can be to mitigate the risks.” But Funk’s take on Shell’s prospects for safe drilling basically came down to whether the company’s going to be willing to invest enough money in the project to do it right. Seeing as how the announcement comes at a time when the price of crude oil is at a six-year low, it’s hard to imagine how they expect to do both that and profit at the same time.

Shell already plans to cut spending by more than $15 billion over the next three years due to dwindling revenues. Despite that, “Shell hasn’t taken the opportunity to cut its most high-cost high-risk project,” Greenpeace’s Charlie Kronick said in a statement. “It’s time for investors to recognise that it’s impossible for Shell to justify its continued pursuit of offshore Arctic oil.”

In the same meeting, moreover, Shell made the unprecedented decision to back a resolution from “activist shareholders” to analyze whether its business model is compatible with the global effort to limit warming to 2 degrees Celsius. To reach that goal, scientists say, we’re going to have to leave three-quarters of our remaining fossil fuel reserves in the ground — and, according to a major study recently published in the journal Nature, that includes all of the oil and gas in the Arctic. So what gives, Shell? According to Chief Financial Officer Simon Henry, the company’s already invested $1 billion preparing to tap the Arctic, and just keeping things operational since the moratorium has cost it several hundred millions more each year. But even if that’s enough for it to decide it’s worth it to go ahead and drill, it still has a number of legal hurdles to overcome, chief among them being the ruling of a U.S. federal appeals court, last January, that the Interior Department’s sale of Chukchi Sea leases back in 2008 didn’t take sufficient account for the environmental risks posed by drilling. A final environmental impact statement is due out soon; in the meantime, federal regulators are informally reviewing the company’s drilling plans. The environmental group Friends of the Earth, meanwhile, points to the absurdity of the $10 billion in U.S. subsidies (that’s the low-ball estimate) from which Shell partakes each year. “The last thing the Arctic needs is an invasion from Big Oil, and the last thing those invaders deserve are taxpayer dollars,” Lukas Ross, the group’s climate and energy campaigner, said in a statement. “Shell’s dismal record of accidents and safety violations demonstrates an inability to operate in the unpredictable Arctic waters. If we are going to avoid climate catastrophe we must make the Arctic off limits to drilling.”",1
3583,Taliban claim responsibility for Kabul attack,"A gunman killed three U.S. contractors and wounded a fourth Thursday evening at the Kabul airport in Afghanistan, Pentagon officials said.

A local Afghan was also killed in the attack at about 6:40 p.m. on the military side of the airport, said U.S. Army Col. Brian Tribus, a spokesman for the NATO-led Resolute Support mission. An Afghan air force official told Reuters the shooter was an Afghan soldier.

Tribus would not confirm whether the dead Afghan was the gunman or a member of the security forces. He provided no information about the victims or their duties.

""This incident is under investigation,"" he said. ""Further information will be released as available and appropriate.""

The Taliban subsequently claimed responsibility for the attack.

The unnamed Afghan officer described the Americans as ""advisers"" and said ""no one else was there to tell us the reason"" for the attack.

In the past several years, more than 142 members of the U.S.-led coalition fighting Taliban insurgents have been killed in so-called green-on-blue insider attacks by Afghan security forces.

The shooting was apparently the first of its kind since U.S. and NATO forces ceased their combat mission a month ago.

In August, an Afghan solider killed Army Maj. Gen. Harold J. Greene, who was overseeing preparations for the transition. Greene was the highest-ranking U.S. officer to die in combat since 1970",1
2109,It’s official: California farmers volunteer to give up water,"California’s drought has touched everyone in the state.

First the government eliminated irrigation water deliveries through much of the public canal system. Then the governor told cities and industry to cut back water use by 25 percent.

Now the state is taking a step it hasn’t resorted to since 1977: it’s claiming water from people with old riparian water rights. These are people who have been drawing water from rivers since the Gold Rush era, and who are generally immune to cuts. But in the most severe shortages, the state can order them to stop pumping.

When Governor Jerry Brown ordered cities to conserve water, many people were disappointed that he did not set a similar mandate for ag. Of course, the state had already turned off the tap for many farmers. And now it’s making further cuts, going after senior water-rights holders this time.

To protect some of this water, farmers in the Sacramento–San Joaquin Delta volunteered to cut their water use 25 percent from 2013 levels if the state would promise not to mandate deeper cuts in the growing season. About 10 percent of California’s irrigated farmland is in the delta; today, the state announced it would take the deal.

Other cuts are virtually inevitable for farmers who don’t participate, said Felicia Marcus, chair of the state Water Resources Control Board. Those cuts could come next week, unless rain and cool weather allows for delay. Further cuts will go beyond any that have ever happened before: ""Senior [water rights] holders have never been cut as much as they will be this year,"" Marcus said. ""Lawsuits are inevitable.""

The restrictions may be hard to enforce because California simply doesn’t measure water use in some places. Here’s the Associated Press:

However, state officials said they would use satellite and aerial photography to ensure that farmers were letting their fields go dry. Cheating is expensive if you get caught. Violators can be fined $10,000 a day. Most Californians support the cuts to urban water use and think the cuts to ag won’t cause real hardship to the general population, according to a Field Poll.

Grist is a nonprofit news site that uses humor to shine a light on big green issues. Get their email newsletter here, and follow them on Facebook and Twitter.",1
1514,Hillary Clinton campaign trolls GOP by boosting Donald Trump,"Donald Trump continues to rage against Hillary Clinton over her suggestion during the Democratic debate that Trump has become “ISIS’s best recruiter.” Clinton argued that terrorists are using videos of Trump insulting Islam to “recruit more radical jihadists,” and Trump has demanded an apology.

The Clinton camp has since walked back the video comment, though her advisers continue to point to social media evidence of the broader claim that Trump’s rhetoric has become a terror recruiting tool. The Clinton camp has refused Trump’s demand for an apology.

Make no mistake: Both Trump and Clinton must be very happy to be embroiled in this spat. Indeed, the Clinton camp has cheerfully fed the flames of this fight, in what appears to be a concerted effort to boost Trump among GOP voters. The theory may be that Trump benefits among those voters if he is perceived as a chief antagonist of Clinton, thus helping him spread more intra-GOP damage.

Here’s the latest on this: Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta told a conference call of Clinton supporters that the Clinton camp takes the possibility of a Trump nomination “very seriously.” The Wall Street Journal reports on the call:

One person on the call mentioned the extent to which Mr. Trump’s name came up in the Democratic debate Saturday and asked if that represented a “shift” in the Clinton campaign’s view of his “viability” as a candidate. Mr. Podesta said that Mr. Trump has “demonstrated to be a serious” candidate for the Republican nomination, and that he is “someone who could very well be successful in their nominating process. People have come around to the conclusion that this isn’t just…going to go away at some point.”

It’s hard to know whether the Clinton camp really believes this. But one obvious possibility is that the Clinton camp is signaling to top supporters that they should publicly make the case that Trump now looks like a genuinely viable candidate to win the GOP primary. If so, this takes the Clinton camp’s trolling of GOP voters to another level: Hillary is attacking Trump because Democrats are afraid that he’ll become the nominee!!!

But there may be a deeper rationale here, too. As I reported the other day, Democrats plan to increasingly make the case that Trump’s simplistic bluster and belligerence are forcing the other GOP candidates to dumb down their rhetoric to match his, thus revealing Clinton to be more prepared to lead in complicated and dangerous times than any of the GOP candidates.

This is a political and policy argument: Democrats are claiming that Trump’s rhetoric has become a threat to national security, which in turn makes the other GOP candidates’ efforts to match it — or at least, fail to condemn it in a full-throated fashion — more consequential, and reveals Clinton to be a steadier, more reliable presence. (The bet is that, while all the bluster may appeal to GOP primary voters, it will taint the party in the eyes of the general election audience.) Clinton’s increasing efforts to highlight Trump’s reckless anti-Muslim demagoguery not only gives Trump a way to boost himself among Republican voters, by arguing that he has emerged as Clinton’s chief foe; it’s also designed to advance that larger argument.

* TRUMP STILL LEADS, BUT CRUZ IS CLOSING IN: A new Quinnipiac poll finds that Donald Trump still leads with 28 percent of Republicans and GOP-leaning independents nationally, while Ted Cruz is a close second at 24 percent. Marco Rubio has 12 percent and Ben Carson has 10 percent.

Notable details: Trump leads Cruz among non-college voters (another sign that’s where his base of support lies) while Cruz dominates Trump among Tea Partyers and white evangelicals, suggesting his assiduous courting of that demographic might be working. Also: Where’s that Rubio-mentum?

* CLINTON HOLDS VAST LEAD OVER SANDERS: The new Quinnipiac poll also finds that Hillary Clinton leads Bernie Sanders by 61-30 among Democrats and Dem-leaning independents nationally. Clinton leads among those who self describe as “very liberal” by 52-42, and among those who are “somewhat liberal” by 60-31, suggesting her campaign may be in the process of patching up whatever problems she had with the Democratic Party’s left flank.

Indeed, only 10 percent of “very liberal” Dems say they definitely won’t support Clinton.

* AMERICANS WOULD BE ‘EMBARRASSED’ BY PRESIDENT TRUMP: One last fun nugget from the Quinnipiac poll: 50 percent of Americans say they would be “embarrassed” by having Donald Trump as president, while only 23 percent say they would be “proud” and another 24 percent say they would be neither.

But a plurality of Republicans, 44 percent, say they would be “proud” to have President Trump in the Oval Office, while only 20 percent of them would be embarrassed by it.

* TALK RADIO CONSERVATIVES RALLY TO CRUZ: Politico reports on all the conservative talk radio hosts who are rallying to Ted Cruz’s defense, fending off attacks on the Texas Senator from Trump and Marco Rubio. Notably, radio conservatives are defending Cruz against Rubio’s false claim that Cruz once supported legalization, as Rush Limbaugh does here:

Conservative radio is determined not to let GOP voters forget Rubio’s heinous support for comprehensive immigration reform, which could give a big boost to Cruz over the long haul.

* SANDERS HITS HILLARY OVER WALL STREET: At Saturday’s Dem debate, Clinton said she wants to be loved by everyone, including Wall Street. On the campaign trail in Iowa, Sanders went after Clinton over this:

Clinton has not embraced as robust a Wall Street reform agenda as the Sanders/Elizabeth Warren wing of the party has wanted. But Paul Krugman, for one, has argued that Clinton’s plan for Wall Street is better than the one Sanders has offered.

It will be interesting to how the GOP candidates attack this. It’s likely they’ll blast the plan for hiking taxes.

* AND THE TRUMP VULGARISM OF THE DAY: At a rally in Michigan, the Donald deconstructs Hillary Clinton’s debate bathroom break:

Trump then described Obama’s 2008 Dem primary victory over Clinton this way: “She was favored to win, and she got schlonged.” All this should give him another poll bump!",1
4989,Paul Manafort resigns from Trump campaign,"Donald Trump’s outspoken campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, resigned Friday -- days after he was pushed aside for conservative media executive Steven Bannon -- and also amid growing speculation about his ties to Ukrainian politics.

“This morning Paul Manafort offered, and I accepted, his resignation from the campaign,” Trump said in a written statement to FoxNews.com. “I am very appreciative for his great work in helping to get us where we are today, and in particular his work guiding us through the delegate and convention process. Paul is a true professional and I wish him the greatest success.”

Manafort, who as a 26-year-old Republican operative, helped manage the 1976 convention floor for Gerald Ford in his successful showdown with Ronald Reagan, drew praise for steering the campaign through the final weeks of the primary process and the convention.

But he came under fire following a New York Times article over the weekend claimed handwritten ledgers show $12.7 million in undisclosed cash payments to him from ex-Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych’s pro-Russian party between 2007 and 2012.

The document was found by investigators from Ukraine’s newly formed National Anti-Corruption Bureau. Investigators reportedly say the payment was part of an illegal off-the-books system whose recipients also included election officials.

Manafort strongly denied receiving any such off-the-book payments – calling the accusation “unfounded, silly and nonsensical” – and denied ever doing work for the government of Ukraine and Russia. He has worked on political campaigns there but maintains they were not government-sanctioned.

Those close to Trump praised Manafort, but did not dismiss a possible connection between his ouster and the Ukrainian controversy.

""I think my father didn’t want to be, you know, distracted by whatever things Paul was dealing with,"" Eric Trump, told Fox News' Maria Bartiromo in an interview airing on ""Sunday Morning Futures.""

Earlier this week, the campaign announced that Breitbart head Steven Bannon was being brought on as CEO, and GOP pollster Kellyanne Conway as campaign manager. While Team Trump initially insisted the new team members would work with Manafort, many predicted his days were numbered.

Sources told Fox News brinbging in Conway was the idea of Manafort, who believed she could help him get the developer to stay on script and avoid verbal gaffes. But bringing on Bannon was Trump's idea, the source said.

A source familiar with Manafort's thinking said the 66-year-old stepped down so that ""Trump could stay focused on the campaign."" He will ""continue to work from the outside,"" helping with coordination in Washington, the source said.

It’s the latest shakeup for the Trump campaign, which canned campaign manager Corey Lewandowski on June 20, after the pugnacious former cop had a confrontation with a Breitbart reporter. The ouster of Lewandowski was seen as a victory in a behind-the-scenes power struggle for Manafort, who was brought on board in March largely for his convention and delegate wrangling experience.

Where Manafort at times expressed a desired to modulate Trump’s bombast, the brash Bannon has signaled he wants to “Trump to be Trump.”

After praising Manafort for helping his father's campaign through the tough primaries, Eric Trump ladded, ""But again, my father just didn’t want to have the distraction looming over the campaign and quite frankly looming over all the issues that Hillary’s facing right now.""

Manafort’s deputy, Richard Gates, is also on the outs. He now moves to the new role of campaign liaison to the RNC.",1
2177,Democrats need to learn to defend Obama's record on foreign policy,"It feels like a million years ago today, but Democrats swept to electoral victory in 2006 and 2008 largely as part of a backlash to the miserable foreign policy failures stemming from the 2003 invasion of Iraq. And relative to that context, President Obama's record in office has been good and avails itself of an obvious defense — yes, the Middle East is still a messed-up place, but American soldiers are no longer dying there by the dozen. Meanwhile, America's relationship with the rest of the world is vastly improved, global cooperation on climate and nuclear proliferation is delivering tangible results, and — oh yeah — Osama bin Laden is dead and America has been safe from terrorist attacks.

Against a Republican field that seems stuck in the Rumsfeld era, it should be a winning argument, but judging by Saturday night's debate Democrats seem ready to blow it. Rather than sell the full range of Obama-era achievements, Bernie Sanders, Martin O'Malley, and, most importantly, Hillary Clinton got bogged down parrying with the (excellent) moderators over the toughest elements of Obama's record in office rather than turning to the good stuff.

But there's more to the world than ISIS and the Arab Spring, and a great deal of the point of Obama's foreign policy has been to prevent chaos in the Middle East from soaking up all the bandwidth of American foreign policy. To win, Democrats need to learn to contextualize problems and talk about successes.

Consider, for example, the crowd-pleasing high points of Obama on national security. Unlike George W. Bush he really has ""kept us safe"" and avoided any terrorist attacks on the US homeland. And while Bush let bin Laden get away in Afghanistan in order to free up resources to launch a pointless and unsuccessful invasion of Iraq, Obama found bin Laden and had special forces kill him. You'd think this would be something Democrats would want to mention as frequently and as quickly as possible in a discussion of counterterrorism.

But on Saturday, Democrats went through extended discussions of ISIS, ""radical Islam,"" and everything under the sun without mentioning it. Osama finally came up once, briefly, near the end in the context of a personal question addressed to Clinton:

John Dickerson: Begin the final segment of this debate with something none of you saw coming. Something quite unexpected. Soon after your inauguration, you will face a crisis. All presidents do. What crisis have you experienced in your life that suggests you've been tested and can face that inevitable challenge? Secretary Clinton, you first. Hillary Clinton: Well, there are so many. I don't know where to start. (LAUGHTER) I guess the one I would pick is the fact that I was part of a very small group that had to advice the president about whether or not to go after bin Laden. I spent a lot of time in the situation room — as secretary of State and there were many very difficult — choices presented to us. But probably that was the most challenging. Because there was no certainty attached to it. The intelligence was by no means absolute. We had all kinds of questions that we discussed. And, you know, at the end I recommended to the president that we take the chance to do what we could to find out whether that was bin Laden and to finally bring him to justice.

This is not much of a brag. But at least it got a token mention.

Here are some other things that nobody brought up:

This good stuff does not, of course, undo the problems in the Middle East. But then again, the Middle East was a violent and chaotic place when Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush were in office. Obama has not managed to solve the problems of the region, but he has defended America's core interests — including, crucially, the absence of terrorist attacks at home — without incurring the thousands of American military casualties than we saw under his predecessor.

It is, all things considered, a pretty good record.

But it's bound to look terrible if — as happened Saturday night — Democrats are reluctant to talk about it except under duress. Journalists (and Republicans) like to pick at the scabs and weak spots of a politician's record. Competent politicians learn to talk about successes and broader context. The Obama economic record isn't perfect, either, but Democrats are more than happy to defend it as broadly successful and superior to the alternatives. The lesson we learned Saturday is that the party, including the woman who served as secretary of state for half his administration, isn't yet ready to do that on national security.",1
2675,"In the battle against 'sleazy' media, why Trump keeps lapping Hillary","After Donald Trump had himself a fine time ripping the sleazy media, Hillary Clinton did a Trump-like thing: she called into two cable news shows.

She was asked about Trump….but didn’t make much news. And therein lies the heart of the problem for a news business that is supposed to be dedicated to fairness.

One candidate is openly hostile to the press but does all kinds of interviews—television, radio, newspapers, magazines, websites—day after day. The other candidate is privately hostile to the press but also very selective in doing interviews—and hasn’t held a news conference in months.

Of course there’s an imbalance in the coverage, and it’s about more than ratings—though attracting more eyeballs and clicks is clearly a factor.

The New York Times, in a piece on this very subject, offered an example:

“Last week, none of the three major cable news networks — CNN, Fox News, or MSNBC — carried Mrs. Clinton’s speech to a workers’ union in Las Vegas, where she debuted sharp new attack lines against Mr. Trump.

“Instead, each chose to broadcast a live feed of an empty podium in North Dakota, on a stage where Mr. Trump was about to speak.”

So “AWAITING TRUMP PRESSER” is deemed more newsworthy than the presumptive Democratic nominee actually speaking. And that does not speak well of the media.

Clinton tried copying a Trump tactic by calling into shows on CNN and MSNBC that afternoon. “It took a reporter to shame him into actually making his contribution and getting the money to veterans,” she told Jake Tapper.

But that meant she was in reactive mode, rather than generating headlines on her own.

Clinton’s spokesman, Brian Fallon, told the Washington Post’s Greg Sargent that “the judge of whether we’re able to build a positive narrative around her is not whether we are getting 10 hours to his eight during cable day programming. We can do that on a state-specific level, where local coverage departs from what may be the feel of the campaign if you’re only watching cable networks. Also, we can build a positive narrative about her based on her standing up and condemning the very things that he is saying and doing that are commanding all that media attention…There’s a conventional wisdom settling in that visibility on daytime cable equates with him having political strength.”

Well, maybe. But so far Trump is sucking up most of the oxygen, even while ripping those who provide it as sleazebags.

There is another thread here that goes beyond Trump having endless at-bats while Clinton mainly sends in surrogates from the dugout. The Donald, when he engages in verbal fisticuffs, seems to be enjoying himself, while Hillary seems like she’s enduring an unpleasant ritual.

In New York magazine, liberal writer Rebecca Traister sees “a pervasive defensiveness that gets in the way of her projecting authenticity, an intense desire for privacy that keeps voters from feeling as if they know her — especially problematic in an era in which social media makes personal connection with voters more important than ever. Clinton’s wariness about letting the world in is in part her personality and in part born of experience. A lifetime spent in the searing spotlight has taught her that exposure too often equals evisceration…

“If Clinton suffers from a kind of political PTSD that makes her overly cautious and scripted and closed-off, then its primary trigger is the press corps that trails her everywhere she goes. Clinton hates the press. A band of young reporters follows her, thanklessly, from event to event, and she gives them almost nothing. Unlike other candidates, she does not ride on the same plane with them (though this may change once the general election starts and the traveling group gets bigger). Every once in a while she has an off-the-record drink with them, but without the frequency or fluidity of her husband, whose off-the-record conversations with the press were legendarily candid.”

Clinton hates the press. So says a sympathetic writer. So, of course, does Trump, which may speak volumes about my profession but also about this era of hyperpartisanship.

And yet voters tend to prefer candidates who come off as happy warriors. On that score, Trump’s overt hostility is playing better—and is more entertaining—than Hillary’s covert hostility.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
1581,Clinton’s 2016 makeover the latest in long line of resets,"Another campaign, another reset for Hillary Clinton's public image.

This time, the former first lady and senator who's been in the public eye for three decades is said to be getting a political makeover in a bid to show a gentler, more personal side of the now-Democratic presidential candidate.

But whether another image overhaul can revive her sagging campaign, and change the public's deep-rooted perception of her, remains to be seen -- considering her political handlers have been down this road before.

“The challenge is to make those times when she connects with voters more frequent, to make her the best candidate she can be all of the time, or more often than not,"" Democratic pollster Ben Tulchin, who worked on Howard Dean’s 2004 Democratic presidential campaign, said. ""There have been moments in which that side of Hillary has emerged.""

But Tulchin acknowledged the fundamental hurdle for Clinton's 2016 team: ""It's a challenge to remake a politician who has been in the public spotlight for 25 years.""

The New York Times first reported that the Clinton campaign was looking to show another side of Clinton, including more ""humor"" and ""heart."" This comes after several early stumbles -- including her prickly responses to persistent questions about her email controversy and the roping off of crowds at a July 4 parade in New Hampshire.

The latest transformation began Tuesday with Clinton issuing an unequivocal apology for using a personal email system while secretary of state.

“That was a mistake,” Clinton told ABC News. “I’m sorry about that. I take responsibility.”

Clinton’s contrition, and her getting emotional when talking about her late mother, followed her declining twice in four days to publicly apologize. ""What I did was allowed,” she told The Associated Press on Monday.

The effort to re-invent Clinton comes amid some ominous poll results -- including a Quinnipiac University survey last month that found “liar,” “dishonest,” “untrustworthy” and “criminal” among the words that voters most frequently associate with her.

In addition, a NBC News/Marist poll released Sunday showed Clinton now trailing insurgent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders by nine points in New Hampshire.

Some were skeptical at the campaign's plans. Ex-Obama political adviser David Axelrod mocked the strategy on Twitter.

This is not the first time Clinton has tried to show a softer, more everywoman side, dating back to her days as first lady of Arkansas.

After husband Bill Clinton lost the governorship and was running again in 1982, Hillary Clinton started wearing makeup, updated her wardrobe and began introducing herself as Mrs. Bill Clinton, not Hillary Rodham, author-journalist James B. Stewart wrote in his 1997 book “Blood Sport.”

“Hillary got the message that Arkansas voters didn’t like women to flaunt their independence,” wrote Stewart, paraphrasing what Clinton friend Susan McDougal told him.

A decade later, as Bill Clinton was running for president, Clinton famously showed that independent streak again. In an interview with Steve Kroft in 1992 exploring allegations of an affair with Gennifer Flowers, Hillary Clinton said: ""I'm not sitting here some little woman standing by my man like Tammy Wynette."" She added, ""I'm sitting here because I love him and I respect him.""

This past spring, Clinton attempted to use her memoir, “Hard Choices,” to again show her softer side, sharing stories about the birth of her one and only granddaughter.

“After a while, Bill and I stepped out into the hallway to let them rest,” Clinton writes about her and her husband’s reaction to the infant being delivered. “We sat quietly, holding hands, trying to process the rush of emotions. I looked over and saw a tear in Bill's eye.”

Clinton later started talking more about being a grandparent, and about coloring her hair. And she got into some hot water when she tried to make her family's finances seem relatable. In June, the former first lady and New York senator defended her six-figure speaking fees by saying she and her husband left the White House in 2001 “dead broke” due to legal expenses.

Clinton, who with her husband is a millionaire, said weeks later that she regretted the comment and that it was “inaccurate.”

Whether Clinton can succeed in connecting on a personal level with voters is an open question, though she has done so before if only for a short while.

After losing the 2008 Iowa caucuses to Democratic challenger Barack Obama, Clinton became emotional on the eve of the New Hampshire primary weeks later.

“It's not easy,"" said Clinton, her voice quivering. “I couldn't do it if I didn't passionately believe it was the right thing to do. This is very personal for me. I have so many ideas for this country and I just don't want to see us fall backwards. It's about our country; it's about our kids' future.”

She went on to win the primary. But Obama won next in South Carolina, and months later secured the nomination.",1
1908,Ted Cruz: Democratic Party home to 'liberal fascism' against Christians,"Sen. Ted Cruz argued Saturday that Democrats have become so extreme and ""intolerant"" of religious views that ""there is no room for Christians in today's Democratic Party.""

""There is a liberal fascism that is dedicated to going after believing Christians who follow the biblical teaching on marriage,"" the Texas Republican said in his speech before a Christian conservative audience in Waukee, Iowa.

Cruz joined eight other presidential candidates and potential contenders on stage at the Iowa Faith and Freedom summit, where speakers railed against what they see as threats to religious liberty. For his part, Cruz alluded to business that faced pushback for declining to cater to same-sex weddings.

Many of the speakers also pointed to the recent debate over an Indiana religious liberty law that was designed to protect those who objected to participating in same-sex marriage ceremonies. But the law came under fire from critics who said it was discriminatory against same-sex couples, and its language was subsequently tweaked.

As the Supreme Court gets ready to hear oral arguments on whether to overturn same-sex marriage bans in states, Cruz introduced legislation last week that would protect bans in place.

Cruz urged the audience to ""fall on our knees and pray"" ahead of the Supreme Court's final ruling on the issue, which is expected this summer. ""We need leaders who will stand unapologetically in defense of marriage,"" he said.",1
2173,Trump's unreal foreign policy: Our view,"As anyone who watches reality television knows, the genre might be entertaining, but its correlation to actual reality is tenuous.

Which is a good place to start with the  much-awaited foreign policy speech delivered Wednesday in Washington by presidential candidate Donald Trump.

As with The Apprentice, the show that helped him become a household name, the Republican front-runner sought to provide appealing fare for a certain class of people. In this case, the primary audience was voters opposed to trade, resentful of immigrants, distrustful of foreign governments, and wistful for a time when America wielded more power in a simpler world.

In reaching out to this group, Trump vividly portrayed a world that does not exist: America’s allies would be more respectful after being lectured to, while its enemies would be dealt with by bluster. China would fall into line after enduring unspecified economic pressure. And troubled regions of the world would be stabilized through U.S. disengagement.

Inexplicably, Trump declared that “America First” would be the overarching theme of his administration. A non-interventionist approach might have its merits in certain situations. But the America First movement got its name espousing an isolationist approach at exactly the wrong moment, urging the United States to stay out of World War II as Adolf Hitler was rampaging through Europe.

Trump's secondary audience was the Washington establishment, the equivalent of TV critics. And the early reviews were harsh. On CNN, foreign policy experts Fareed Zakaria and David Rothkopf used the same word: incoherent. Fellow Republican Lindsey Graham tweeted, “Not sure who is advising Trump on foreign policy, but I can understand why he’s not revealing their names.”

In Trump’s worldview, things happen because he says they will. He made a number of proclamations to this effect. His unspecified plan to defeat the Islamic State terrorist group echoed Richard Nixon's secret plan in 1968 to win the Vietnam War. ISIL “will be gone if I’m elected president,"" Trump vowed, "" And they'll be gone quickly. They will be gone very, very quickly.”

Things might happen that way on TV. But not in reality. Or perhaps we should say real reality.

USA TODAY's editorial opinions are decided by its Editorial Board, separate from the news staff. Most editorials are coupled with an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature.

To read more editorials, go to the Opinion front page or sign up for the daily Opinion e-mail newsletter.",1
2272,It's time for Republican Party leaders to embrace marriage equality,"There’s been a lot of discussion about same sex marriage over the last few months – particularly from the candidates running for the GOP nomination. Sometimes it seems as if they are in a contest to see who can be the most stalwart defender of “traditional marriage” – who can most effectively stoke the unfounded fears of the far right.

When talking about same sex marriage, these candidates regularly throw around phrases like religious freedom and religious liberty, warn that marriage equality will lead to the criminalization of Christianity or the downfall of the American family, and fret that our nation’s very future is at risk.

Let’s be clear.  The fight over marriage equality isn’t about religious freedom or the criminalization of Christianity.  States have regularly taken action to enact civil marriage with clear exemptions and protections for churches, synagogues and other religious entities.  No matter what happens with same-sex marriage, that will not change.

It is also no longer a fight about our country’s future because that fight is already over.  According to a recent CNN/ORC survey, the highest percentage of Americans ever, 63%, support the freedom to marry as a constitutional right for gay couples.  This is an increase of 14% since 2010 and shows significant gains across all party lines.  Regardless of what the U.S. Supreme Court decides this term, the American Public is already on the side of marriage equality.  Should the Court oppose the expansion of the freedom to marry to all fifty states, millions of Americans will be disappointed, but progress will continue to be made.  It will just take a bit longer.

What is up for discussion and debate however, is where the Republican Party goes from here.

Along with the general public, support for the freedom to marry has increasingly gained acceptance among senior Republicans on Capitol Hill. Senators Rob Portman of Ohio and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska announced their support of marriage equality in recent years. And just this spring, twenty-three current and former members of Congress, including Senators Mark Kirk (Ill.) and Susan Collins (Maine) and Representatives Curbelo (Fla.), Dold (Ill.), Hanna (N.Y.), Gibson (N.Y.), and Ros-Lehtinen (Fla.) added their names to a Republican amicus brief arguing in support of marriage equality cases presently before the U.S. Supreme Court.

The Republican Party has always claimed to be in favor of certain key principles including, support for individual liberty, personal responsibility and the belief that strong families are the corner stone of our society.  This is exactly why more leaders of the party should embrace the idea of marriage equality.

Legalizing civil marriage for same-sex couples does not threaten heterosexual marriage; nor does it violate the First Amendment by forcing churches to perform ceremonies that violate their fundamental beliefs.  It will not lead to the arrest of ministers or priests who refuse to perform same sex marriage ceremonies.

It will, however, increase relationship stability, strengthen families and provide legal protections for children growing up in same-sex families – all of which are goals in keeping with the principles of the Republican Party.

For years I have listened while Republican candidates talked about the importance of family and the need for our country to support strong families.  I whole-heartedly agree.  We do need to support families, but that means supporting all families – regardless of which state they live in, how they look or how they are made.

So the next time a Republican presidential candidate wants to talk about the need for our society to support and protect families and children, I hope he or she will include all families and all children in that protection – including the hundreds of thousands of children like my son and daughter who are growing up with same-sex parents.

Mary Cheney is a political consultant based in Washington, D.C. and is also the daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney.",1
2442,What we've forgotten about childhood disease risks,"Cynthia Leifer is an associate professor of immunology at Cornell University and a 2015 Public Voices Fellow at the Op-Ed Project. The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers.

(CNN) More than 100 people in 14 states were reported to have measles last month, with most cases linked to exposure to the disease at Disneyland from December 15 to December 20. President Obama urged parents to make sure their children are vaccinated. And yet three potential Republican candidates for the 2016 presidential election have suggested in recent days that parents should have a choice in whether children should be vaccinated.

When we are not exposed to the suffering that childhood infectious diseases can cause or didn't experience them ourselves, we as a society tend to forget just how dangerous they can be.

In 1938, President Franklin Roosevelt founded the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis, now known as the March of Dimes Foundation. Children and adults everywhere collected dimes to raise money for the development of a polio vaccine. There was such fear about the disease that children were kept from going to community swimming pools and parks. Their way of life was changed by the disease.

Today, in contrast, we don't seem to be alarmed at all. Federal research funds , the major source of funding to support research by immunologists, virologists, and other scientists who create the vaccines that protect us, were 22% less in 2014 than they were in 2003 when adjusted for inflation. Why was everyone so gung-ho to raise money for research then but not now? Because we forgot.

We forgot that the ""black death"" plague of the 14th century wiped out 60% of Europeans. We forgot that smallpox killed 30% of people who got sick before a vaccine was available.

We also forgot that the smallpox vaccination campaign was so successful that the last case of smallpox in the United States was in 1949, and, with the exception of two vials in storage, it was eliminated from the planet in 1977. By forgetting the sheer horror these diseases inflicted on humanity and the decisive way in which vaccines eliminated them, it's easy to forget how fragile we are.

Those parents saw children crippled by the polio virus; they saw images of iron lungs that breathed for a child because the child's own lungs were effectively paralyzed. Those parents willingly enrolled their children in the trial despite not knowing if their child would be in the group that received the vaccine or the control group that did not. They were terrified enough that the benefit outweighed the risk.

More recently however, for some parents, the risk has outweighed the benefit. They have become complacent. Maybe they bought into disproven science about a link between autism and vaccines. Maybe they think because they have not seen anyone with polio, that their child is safe. Our collective historical amnesia has led to increased numbers of unvaccinated children, and we are all worse off for it.

The recent outbreak at Disneyland will hopefully boost our collective memory as to how contagious a virus can be. The 102 cases reported in January is a staggering number when we consider that for the past decade, the average total number of cases in a year was under 150.

Many, but not all, of these cases were in individuals who did not receive the full course of childhood vaccinations, making us realize that any one of us could be at risk. Given that there are only a limited number of doctors still around that have ever seen a patient with measles, or remember diagnosing a case of measles decades ago, only compounds the problem and aids the spread of disease.

The unfortunate reality is that it may take the occasional serious outbreak to provide that reminder to all of us how quickly we can be overcome by something as tiny as a virus. Today's tourist destinations are just like the pools and parks when polio was rampant, places for the virus to find new victims.

Viruses don't care about borders and easily hitch rides around the world in a matter of hours. We can't protect against every infectious disease, but why should we risk getting sick from diseases, especially measles, for which we have safe and effective vaccines?

We can all hope that parents will see this as a wake-up call and vaccinate their children, and that all of us will make sure we are up to date on our boosters. Hopefully, the memory of these events will not fade so we won't need a reminder like the measles outbreak of 2015 again any time soon.",1
5027,Libertarian ticket eyes post-convention opening – and debate stage,"The Libertarian Party ticket, facing what polls show are two of the most unpopular presidential candidates in modern American history, is seeing a bump in support as the general election race moves into full swing – and a surge in interest that could carry nominee Gary Johnson onto the prized debate stage this fall.

Despite Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton’s popularity issues and trust gap with voters, few expect the Libertarian ticket to pose a Ross Perot-style threat this year.

But the party is far more than a political curiosity in 2016. Rumors are swirling in the wake of the major-party conventions that high-profile Republicans are now considering backing the ticket; a recent video from Johnson and running mate William Weld generated considerable buzz; and the polls show Johnson getting close to 15 percent – the threshold he needs to reach to land him on the debate stage with Trump and Clinton this fall.

The RealClearPolitics average has Johnson at 8.4 percent in a four-way race with Trump, Clinton and Green Party candidate Jill Stein, up from 4.5 percent in June. The latest Fox News poll released Wednesday, after the conventions, put Johnson at 12 percent.

An NBC poll taken toward the end of the Democratic convention put Johnson at 9 percent, roughly where he was in prior polling.

Party officials said the unpopularity of the Republican and Democratic candidates gives the party an “unprecedented opportunity.”

“It goes from week to week and day to day watching for what new thing [Clinton and Trump are] going to do to become more unpopular with the American people, and frighten people,” Nicholas Sarwark, chairman of the Libertarian National Committee, told FoxNews.com. “Those candidates are the gift that keeps on giving. We’re running as the qualified adult in the room.”

Sarwark pointed to Johnson’s record as a two-term New Mexico governor, “re-elected as a Republican in a Democratic state,” in touting his credentials and appeal.

Unclear is whether the support in the polls will translate into support at the ballot box. In 2012, Johnson won just 0.99 percent of all votes cast -- making him the most successful White House candidate in Libertarian history, but not making much of a dent in the race as a whole.

But this year, there are plenty of signs more voters are seeking an alternative candidate. At the Democratic convention last week, many Bernie Sanders supporters were getting on board with the Green Party’s Stein. But so far, Johnson is polling the best among third-party candidates.

He and his running mate, former Massachusetts Gov. Weld, generated some buzz before the conventions with a slick video ad listing their accomplishments.

“We’ve been there ... And done that!” the candidates say.

Johnson said in an interview Monday with the Los Angeles Times that he believes in addition to appealing to disenfranchised Republicans on issues like free trade, low taxes and smaller government, the Libertarian stance on social issues and foreign policy could bring Sanders voters on board.

Sarwark said the party is banking that while Trump and Clinton are about as well-known as they are going to be, Johnson still can introduce himself to voters not familiar with his story – especially if he is able to get on the debate stage.

This is far from a foregone conclusion.

So far, while Johnson’s support is higher than in past years, an 8.4 percent average is still a distance from the 15 percent he’d need to make the debates.

He has until the middle of September to hit 15 percent in not just one poll but an average of five recent polls chosen by the Commission on Presidential Debates.

“Politically, where we stand, is we have to get into those presidential debates to really stand a chance,” Weld told The Wall Street Journal last week. “If we catch a break or two, we may get there.”

Even then, the record for third-party or independent candidates is not strong.

In recent political history, the one who came closest to the presidency was businessman Perot in 1992 – who was an independent, not technically a third-party candidate. At one point, Perot was leading in some polls against then-President George H. W. Bush and Democratic challenger Bill Clinton. However, after dropping out of the race before re-entering, he lost support. He eventually garnered 19 percent of the vote, with some Republicans arguing he split the GOP vote and handed the election to Clinton.

Republicans, meanwhile, were arguably given a boost by Green Party candidate Ralph Nader in 2000, when Nader picked up 2.7 percent of the vote against Democrat Al Gore and Republican George W. Bush.

Johnson’s potential impact is hard to gauge. The latest Fox News poll found Johnson siphoning support about equally from the Democratic and GOP candidates.

But he could get a boost in the coming weeks as some Republicans reportedly consider backing him.

Most notably, 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush reportedly are mulling endorsements for Johnson. Marvin Bush, youngest brother of Jeb and George W., also endorsed Johnson last week.

“From what I’ve heard from the Bush and Romney camps, they’re still considering it,” Sarwark claimed.

Asked if the party is looking just to make a strong showing, or go all the way, Sarward was bullish: “There’s a path to the presidency. The ground is there.”

Adam Shaw is a Politics Reporter and occasional Opinion writer for FoxNews.com. He can be reached here or on Twitter: @AdamShawNY.",1
4165,"Democrats propose Internet voting in 2016, making Republicans also consider the idea","Democrats are thinking about using Internet balloting in 2016 to expand their voter base and select a president -- prompting Republicans to consider such a strategy to keep from losing ground.

Iowa Democrats proposed the idea and several others during a recent Democratic National Committee meeting, saying Internet balloting could expand access to their unique caucus process to overseas military personnel, absentee voters and others.

They have already conducted some interviews and are now embarked on a “listening tour” to get input from party activists, caucus experts and others, says Iowa Democratic Party spokeswoman Christina Freundlich.

“We’re looking at different options,” she told FoxNews.com earlier this week. “Democrats are always looking at ways to get more people in 2016 to participate in the Democratic process.”

The idea of online voting is nothing new, but Iowa Democrats considering the idea, with the DNC’s support, has reignited debate on the issue.

“I think it’s a very bad idea,” says the Heritage Foundation’s Hans von Spakovsky, who thinks computer-based voting will never happen, or at least not in the “foreseeable future.”

Von Spakovsky, manager of the conservative think tank’s Election Law Reform Initiative, made his case Friday in large part by citing examples of online voting gone wrong including a 2010 test run in the District of Columbia.

The city’s Board of Elections and Ethics suspended its new Internet-based voting system just days into the test run, after observers reportedly heard the University of Michigan fight song when trying to cast a vote.

It was the work of a Michigan professor who was assisting in the project and who challenged his students to hack into the system.

“Computer experts basically say the Internet has such fundamental security vulnerabilities,” von Spakovsky said. “It’s not something you can fix in the hardware or software. It’s in the architecture of the Internet. I just think it’s stupid to go there.”

Despite the concerns about Internet voting, Iowa Republicans are also acutely aware of the need for any political party to expand its base. And they seem open to at least considering the idea at their caucuses, which are based on conventional paper balloting.

“We want to try to provide as many assets to the caucus, but we’re only equipped to do so much,” Iowa Republican Party Chairman Danny Carroll told FoxNews.com.

He made clear that his group has no immediate plans to move forward on Internet voting but said he intends to discuss the issue next month when the party’s new State Central Committee is selected.

The Michigan Democratic Party used Internet voting in 2004. Party spokesman Josh Pugh said Friday the party in fact used email.

“That’s where the Internet was in 2004, so it made sense. We’re always looking for new ways to engage activists, especially online,” said Pugh, adding the state party is expected soon to unveil new plans.

Freundlich acknowledges the potential challenges of using Internet voting for the 2016 presidential caucus -- traditionally the first voting of the election cycle and an early indicator of which presidential candidate will win his or her party’s nomination.

Iowa has 1,774 precincts that elect delegates to 99 county conventions at which delegates are elected to the state convention. And those delegates are chosen for the national convention.

As a result, much of the process is very in-person, with debates, lobbying and voice votes in rooms.

However, state Democrats have a much different process than state Republicans.

Freundlich describes a situation in which presidential candidates are picked by caucus officials sending the candidates' respective delegates to a corner of a room, then counting heads.",1
3726,Charleston Mourns The Dead At Emanuel AME: 'I Knew Every Single One Of Them',"CHARLESTON, S.C. -- Andre McPherson has been coming to the Emanuel AME Church here off and on since 2003. His visit on Thursday night was his first in a couple of years, he said with a hint of guilt, but he felt he owed it to the church leaders and congregation to stop by.

In his more trying days when he was homeless, McPherson said, he often found himself at the doorstep of what's known as ""Mother Emanuel."" The Charleston resident credits the historic African-American church with helping him get off of drugs.

""This church helped me get me life together,"" McPherson, 44, said through tears. ""It helped me go back to my kids. It helped me get away from a certain street mentality. It helped me have pride.""

McPherson was one of hundreds from Charleston and nearby towns who filed by the church doors on Thursday, paying respects to the nine who died after being shot inside the previous night. The suspected gunman, 21-year-old Dylann Roof, had apparently been welcomed as a stranger to the church's regular Wednesday evening Bible study session, spending an hour with the group before opening fire. One woman reportedly said he told her he was letting her go so she could tell the story of what happened.

Members of the church stood out on Calhoun Street in downtown Charleston on Thursday, gazing up at its facade, bewildered by the massacre. Emanuel AME is close-knit, and members of the church who were interviewed said they knew all nine of the victims personally.

Moutrie said it wasn't unusual for a new face to pop into a service or Bible study session and be accepted without questions. She said it was typical for strangers to be encouraged to hang around afterward to meet the pastor, the Rev. Clementa Pinckney, a state senator, who was among those killed in the attack.

""This church particularly is one that never closes its doors to strangers. Everyone is welcome to come in fellowship,"" said Deborah Capraro, 58, of North Charleston. ""I can't wrap my brain around it. ... I cannot believe this 21-year-old man decided to walk into a church and kill black people. How do you wrap your brain around it?""

""I don't know what makes a person do this,"" said Graham, whose niece apparently went to school with the alleged shooter. ""To go into God's space and do this, I don't know. You can't explain it. ... I go to the Middle East a lot. I've seen hate up close. I've seen communities where everybody has been killed because they're a different religion, and you think that's just over there. Sometimes it's not just over there.""

The shooting drew a scrum of television and print reporters to Emanuel AME, marking the second time in a matter of months that the Charleston community has hosted the national media over a story about race. In April, Walter Scott, an African-American man, was shot in the back repeatedly by a white police officer, Michael Slager, in North Charleston. A bystander's video of the killing revealed that Scott was unarmed and fleeing when Slager fired. Slager has been charged with murder.

“This city is getting shown for what it really is: a racist-ass city and state,” said an African-American man who asked be identified only as ""Twenty Three."" He has lived in Charleston his whole life, and said he often encounters racism.

""Everyone would love to believe this is a wonderful little tourist town where everyone gets along, but if they dig down deep into the issues, some people are not getting along well at all,"" said Capraro. ""The fact that this happened is shocking to me. But [the gunman] harboring those kinds of feelings, that's not shocking.""

The community ""is not really even dealing with emotions right now,” Grant said. “We’re just trying to think about how we can destroy racism. It’s the problem no one wants to deal with. Racism is not justifiable, and it’s not something you’re born with -- it’s a behavior.”

“Racism isn’t going to stop,” Satterfield, 25, said. “I hate to say it this way, but it was a matter of time before evil stomped on us. The feeling in this town: I don’t know the words to put it in.”",1
2633,The delay over Loretta Lynch’s confirmation isn’t about bias,"Let’s get a few things straight about the delay in confirming Loretta Lynch as attorney general. It’s outrageous. It also has nothing to do with her race or gender.

Contriving prejudice where none exists demeans the importance of fighting discrimination. And it demeans those who drop such ugly hints.

To wit, Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.), who complained that “the first African American woman nominated to be attorney general is asked to sit in the back of the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar” — this after Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) held her nomination hostage to action on a stalled human trafficking bill.

Oh, please. I’m not in the habit of agreeing with Rich Lowry of National Review, but opposing Lynch is no more race-based than Durbin’s own opposition to the nomination of Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state.

That’s not to say that lawmakers are bias-free. This is impossible to prove, but to watch Attorney General Eric Holder testify before Congress makes me think that, at times, he is treated with less respect than if he were white.

But relations between Holder and congressional Republicans are badly frayed; it is in those fraught moments of tension that prejudices, perhaps subconscious, emerge. There was no such atmosphere during the Lynch hearings.

Same with gender. Hillary Clinton raised the subject last week, tweeting, “Congressional trifecta against women today: . . . Blocking great nominee, 1st African American woman AG, for longer than any AG in 30 years . . . ”

Please, again. I’d like to see one smidgen of evidence that Lynch’s gender is working against her.

So the Lynch delay is about ideology. But not her ideology — President Obama’s. And the Justice Department’s. The case against Lynch is the case against the president’s executive action on immigration and the fact that Lynch said she agreed with the Justice Department’s analysis of their legality.

Which raises the question: How could Republican senators reasonably expect Lynch to take a different view? How could they expect Obama to name any nominee who differed? If they can’t, what is the point — other than as a vehicle for expressing pique — of opposing Lynch?

There’s a legitimate argument about whether the president’s actions went too far. I don’t blame Republicans for chafing at them or for being frustrated at their inability to do much in response.

Holding up spending bills in a fit of temper over Obama’s immigration moves is bad for the country and self-destructive. The courts represent an unlikely avenue of relief. So the Lynch nomination offers one tempting way for Republicans to vent frustration with what they view as executive overreach.

“The Senate shouldn’t confirm any attorney general nominee, from whatever party, of whatever race, ethnicity or gender identification, who believes the president can rewrite the nation’s laws at will,” Lowry wrote in a column for Politico , blithely overstating Lynch’s (and Obama’s) position.

Lowry acknowledged that the ironic result of his approach would be to leave the much-reviled Holder in place. “But there’s no helping that,” he added. “The principle that would be upheld is the Senate not giving its imprimatur to an attorney general who thinks its lawmaking role is optional.”

What about the principle of the Senate deciding that its confirming role is optional? If senators have a serious problem with the president’s selection for a particular job — if they believe the nominee lacks experience, is temperamentally unsuited or is ideologically too far outside the mainstream — they have the constitutional right to reject the choice.

But that’s not Republicans’ beef with Lynch. Their beef with Lynch is that she is Obama’s nominee and shares his views.

In the end, whenever that finally comes, Lynch appears to have enough Republican support to squeeze through — perhaps with Vice President Biden casting the deciding vote. This lets Republicans have their tantrum without being responsible for the logical consequences of their position.

Last week, McConnell refused to bring up Lynch’s nomination while the Senate was stalemated over a human trafficking bill and abortion politics. This week the Senate is busying itself debating a budget that will never be put in place. Then it takes two weeks off.

By which point Lynch’s nomination will have languished for more than five months. Enough. It’s long past time for the Senate to do its job, however grudgingly.

Read more from Ruth Marcus’s archive, follow her on Twitter or subscribe to her updates on Facebook.",1
4066,U.S. and Cuba find ‘profound differences’ in first round of talks,"The Cuban and American delegations sat at parallel tables, eight wary diplomats on each side, facing each other across a distance of about six feet and a gulf filled with more than a half-century of grievances.

In separate news conferences afterward, at the end of their first round of talks Thursday, both sides pronounced it “productive,” respectful and positive.

But both acknowledged that “profound differences” remain.

“What you have to recognize,” U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Roberta Jacobson said after the initial session, “is that we have . . . to overcome more than 50 years of a relationship that was not based on confidence or trust.”

Josefina Vidal, Jacobson’s counterpart at Cuba’s Foreign Ministry, stressed the importance of approaching each other on the basis of “equal sovereignty” and “avoiding any interference in [each other’s] internal affairs.”

Like Jacobson, Vidal stressed that reopening embassies that were closed in 1961 was just the first step in a complicated process of normalizing relations.

Even that will require further negotiation. For example, Vidal said, “it would be very difficult to explain that there has been a resumption of diplomatic relations . . . while our country unjustly continues to be included on the [U.S.] list of state sponsors of terrorism.”

The sober descriptions of what still divides the two governments deflated some of the enthusiasm for rapid change that has been building on both sides. But the delegations said they would set an early date for another meeting and were committed to the public pledge made by President Obama and Cuban President Raúl Castro last month to restore diplomatic relations and then begin to tackle other areas of discord.

If body language and ease of public presentation was any guide, Vidal, clearly on her own turf, seemed far more forthcoming than Jacobson in addressing the dozens of U.S. journalists who have traveled to Cuba to cover the talks along with other international news media. She took more questions than Jacobson and translated her own Spanish into fluent English.

But her remarks were also more specific on areas of discord, including what subjects they discussed.

Obama, who announced relations would be restored in a Dec. 17 speech, has said that U.S. human rights concerns would be directly raised in conversations with Cuba.

After the morning session, Jacobson said she had raised the issue; Vidal said it did not come up.

During a second session in the afternoon, the talks moved away from the embassies to areas of current and future cooperation, including counter-narcotics, law enforcement, the environment and international health issues.

But in a statement distributed in Spanish after the talks ended at 7 p.m., the U.S. side said it had “pressured” Cuba on issues of human rights and free expression. In a solo evening news conference, Vidal said the word “pressure” was not spoken in the afternoon session. “That’s not a word used in these kinds of communications,” she said, and “Cuba has a long history of not responding to pressure.”

Vidal said that Cuba had some concerns of its own about human rights in the United States and had renewed a proposal it made a year ago for a separate dialogue in which each country could express its views on the subject.

U.S. officials later said they had erred in using the Spanish verb “presionar,” meaning to pressure, in the statement. The English version said that “we pressed the Cuban government for improved human rights conditions, including freedom of expression and assembly.”

Vidal also said that Cuba was still studying the new trade and travel rules the Obama administration announced last week, particularly those opening the door for U.S. telecommunication companies to do business in Cuba. Havana, she said, was “willing to . . . explore possibilities of doing business [with them] that would benefit both sides.”

After the Thursday morning meeting on embassies, Vidal said that a complete lifting of the 1960 U.S. embargo was “essential” for further normalization but that Cuba recognizes “the willingness of the U.S. president to have a serious and honest debate” with Congress about it taking action to lift the embargo.

But the terrorism list is a different story. Obama has the power to remove Cuba from the list if he determines that Havana has not engaged in terrorism in the recent past and is unlikely to do so in the future. He has asked the State Department to review Cuba’s status and provide a recommendation.

Its presence since 1982 on the list, which includes Iran, Sudan and Syria, is more than a significant irritant to Cuba. Based on an uptick of Obama administration penalties imposed on foreign banks whose business with Cuba has passed through U.S. financial institutions — a practice banned for all on the list — Buffalo-based M&T Bank dropped the Cuban Interests Section in Washington last year as a client.

Since then, U.S. banks have decided to err on the side of caution in avoiding any dealings with Cuba, and none has been willing to open an account for the U.S.-based diplomats, who must conduct all of their transactions in cash.

If its officials were unable to conduct U.S. bank transactions for diplomatic purposes, Vidal and other Cuban officials said, the United States would not be complying with the international conventions on diplomatic practices that both delegations on Thursday said they had agreed would govern their new embassies.

Once he receives State’s recommendation, Obama must transmit his decision to Congress. Assuming a positive outcome, there is a 45-day waiting period before implementation of any removals from the list.

In the streets of Havana this week, Cubans seemed to talk of little else but the opening between the two governments. Cuban news media covered the statements of both sides Thursday and those issued following lower-level talks Wednesday on migration issues.

After the Americans had departed the conference hall, Vidal was asked what she thought was the main news of the day. “The news is that Cuba and the United States met for the first time,” she said, and were checking their calendars to schedule the next session.",1
325,New York prison break: DNA found in cabin,"(CNN) DNA from New York prison escapees Richard Matt and David Sweat has been found inside a burglarized cabin in upstate New York, a law enforcement source told CNN.

The discovery has re-energized the two-week-old search for the convicted killers, who staged a movie scriptworthy escape from Clinton Correctional Facility on June 6 and haven't been seen since -- at least not by authorities.

However, a witness on Saturday spotted someone running into the woods near a cabin in the Mountain View community, only 25 to 30 miles from the prison, according to acting Franklin County District Attorney Glenn MacNeill.

Investigators think the figure spotted Saturday could have been one of the fugitive prisoners, MacNeill said.

Since then, law enforcement authorities have flooded the rural community, swooping in on helicopters, cruisers and all-terrain vehicles to scour the region for the men. More state and federal teams are to be redeployed on Monday, the law enforcement source told CNN.

Briefing reporters Monday, New York State Police Maj. Charles Guess declined to get into specifics about what was found at the cabin for fear of jeopardizing the search.

""It's a confirmed lead for us,"" he said. ""It has generated a massive law enforcement response, as you can see, and we're going to run this to ground.""

The break-in suggests the men ""need provisions and are desperate,"" a law enforcement source briefed on the investigation told CNN's Deborah Feyerick.

There's no evidence the fugitives have the kind of support network they would need to get away from the prison after their plan to get a ride from prison tailor Joyce Mitchell fell apart, the source said.

Are they listening to police radio traffic?

As part of the investigation into whether Matt and Sweat had help, police are reviewing months worth of hotel registries in the area, the source said.

Meanwhile, searchers are now working to contain the two men in the area, knowing they are running and on foot, the source said.

Authorities also are concerned that Matt and Sweat may be monitoring radio communications, the source said, without being specific on whether the men have radios or similar devices giving them the ability to monitor police communications.

Regardless, the sighting and DNA discovery explain the sudden shift in the search from an area near New York's border with Pennsylvania, some 260 miles to the southwest of the prison, where much of the weekend search had focused after somebody reported a possible sighting of the two fugitives.

That search wrapped up late Sunday, New York State Police said.

MacNeill urged residents in Franklin County to be alert for potential danger during the search for the escaped killers, whom authorities described last week as posing a ""significant threat to anyone who may come into contact with them.""

""Be inside with the doors locked and very diligent,"" MacNeill warned residents.

Investigators are looking into whether Mitchell convinced a prison guard to pass the meat to the inmates in a way that bypassed a metal detector, the source said. The two escapees were housed in an honor block where they were allowed to cook their own food.

Their escape set off a massive search for them and a probing investigation of employees and practices at the prison.

Mitchell has been charged with aiding the escapees, and a corrections officer has been placed on paid leave, authorities have said.

'When it's in your backyard, it's kind of crazy'

The troopers set up roadblocks just across the street, off county Highway 27, she said.

They set up a command post using ATVs. One trooper asked Pulsifer for a map of snowmobile trails in the area, which is near a winter ski resort and in an area criss-crossed with recreational trails.

""I'm kind of excited but nervous at the same time,"" Pulsifer told CNN, adding that her boss had told her to close the bar early because of safety concerns.

She said she'd followed the news of the manhunt as it unfolded previously in Cadyville, another town in the region.

""Now, when it's in your backyard, it's kind of crazy,"" she told CNN, saying she planned to go home and lock up with her gun.

Pulsifer's concerns are familiar to people in Friendship, the rural town near the Pennsylvania border where somebody reported seeing two men along a railroad line on Saturday.

Many residents spent the rest of the weekend holed up in their homes while around 300 law enforcement officers combed the area.

Gary Baker, 80, said he was terrified of the possibility that the killers could be nearby.

Baker is a caretaker at the town's Maple Grove Cemetery, right next to his home. But authorities blocked off the cemetery as search helicopters hovered overhead.

Baker was left to sit alone in his home, with all his doors locked and a rifle in his lap.

Franklin County and Friendship aren't the only communities where police have swarmed in the hunt for Matt and Sweat. The manhunt, now in its 17th day, has primarily been focused in the area around Dannemora, where the prison is situated.

Described by authorities as ""very dangerous,"" the two killers have been added to the U.S. Marshals Service's list of its 15 most wanted fugitives. Reward money of $75,000 has been offered for information leading to the capture of either man.

As many as 800 law enforcement officers have participated in the manhunt, which has cleared nearly 200 abandoned buildings, hundreds of occupied homes and more than 600 miles of rural trails, officials said.

State police have asked hunters and homeowners with surveillance cameras to check their footage all the way back to the day of the prison break for any unusual activity.

The search has stretched to Canada and Mexico, with wanted posters of the escaped killers given out at both borders.

Authorities are still investigating how exactly Matt and Sweat managed to orchestrate their escape, which involved cutting through a steel wall and navigating a series of tunnels until the men emerged from a manhole outside the prison walls.

Mitchell, a prison tailor shop instructor, is accused of helping them by supplying tools like chisels and drill bits. She is in jail and has pleaded not guilty to the charges against her.

A source familiar with the investigation has told CNN that Mitchell, 51, had a sexual relationship with Matt.

Investigators are looking into whether other prison staff members or inmates played a role in the breakout.

Authorities said Friday that a male corrections officer was placed on paid administrative leave as part of the investigation into the escape.

State authorities haven't named the officer, but his attorney identified him Sunday as Gene Palmer, a 28-year veteran of Clinton Correctional Facility.

""Right now Mr. Palmer is fully cooperating with any or all questions that are being asked of him,"" attorney Andrew Brockway told CNN on Sunday. ""He spent 14 hours yesterday and he was completely forthcoming.""

Palmer knew Matt and Sweat and had received a painting done by Matt, but Brockway said he is sure his client did not know the inmates were planning an escape.

""He wants these two individuals to be caught, and anything that he can do to help law enforcement do their job, he's willing to cooperate,"" Brockway said Monday.

A retired sergeant at the prison, Jeff Dumas, said he is sure Palmer was not involved in any escape plot.

""I don't believe that he actually intentionally helped these guys,"" Dumas told CNN's ""New Day.""

He said Palmer was one of two corrections officers responsible for escorting inmates to and from work at the prison's industrial building and was always conscientious in his work.

""My gut feeling is that somehow they may have conned him or taken a shortcut somewhere along the way in procedures during an escort and that would be about it,"" Dumas said.

""These two people are psychopaths, they are master manipulators,"" Brockway said of Matt and Sweat. ""They're obviously in prison for life so they have nothing but time to develop schemes to take advantage of innocent people.""",1
257,McCarthy Bombshell Leaves House GOP in Chaos,"House Republicans are in chaos after Thursday's political bombshell when Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, the handpicked successor to Speaker John Boehner, announced he would not seek the post.

The prospects for electing a new speaker have dimmed. House Republicans are asking who now?

""I think I shocked some of you, huh?"" McCarthy said. ""The one thing I found in talking to everybody -- if we are gonna unite and be strong, we need a new face to help do that.""

""The Republican Party has to show it can govern. We can't go on like this. This is insanity,"" he told the Daily News.

McCarthy's decision came after a closed-door meeting with the same conservatives who would challenge him on the House floor as speaker.

It also came after a letter from Rep. Walter Jones, R-N.C., calling for the next speaker to be above reproach in his or her personal life.

""I know what can happen to a party when you don't demand honesty and integrity in your leadership. I've seen it. I know what can happen,"" Jones told CBN News by phone.

CBN News' Jennifer Wishon spoke with Rep. Walter Jones, R-N.C., about his letter to the Republican Conference Chairman.

Two candidates for speaker -- Rep. Daniel Webster, R-Fla., and Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah -- both say they were shocked by McCarthy's withdrawal.

""Our conference is gonna have to do a lot of deep soul searching,"" Chaffetz said. ""And we'll see what happens.""

The House speakership is a grueling, often thankless job, something akin to herding cats, and many of the House's brightest stars simply do not want the job.

Some are now urging former GOP vice presidential candidate Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., to throw his hat into the ring, though he still says he's not running.

Some are even throwing out the name of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, who is no longer a member of Congress. The House constitution does require the speaker to be an elected member.

For now, the McCarthy withdrawal means Boehner will have to stay on as speaker.",1
1462,Hillary Clinton’s absurd Bernie smear: Why attacking him from the right on healthcare makes literally no sense at all,"Sanders, she now insists, would do so from the left by instituting a program — single-payer healthcare — that would be more progressive than the Affordable Care Act. Yet this possibility is portrayed in the starkest of terms. It’s as if the Clinton campaign saw a house burning down and told the fire department to put it out by setting the house next door on fire to suck up all the oxygen feeding the flames.

The attack is predicated on a bill that Sanders introduced in the Senate in 2013 that would have set up national single-payer. The bill would have required each state to set up its own single-payer program. A federal board would oversee these state programs and take charge of any that don’t meet whatever requirements it lays out. All federal programs – Medicare, Medicaid, SCHIP – would have been folded into these state-run ones.

In a way, Sanders’ bill was structured a little like Obamacare, with each state having the option of setting up a marketplace exchange to sell insurance plans, and the federal government operating one large exchange for consumers in states that don’t want to run their own. Since it would have moved even further to the left than the ACA, obviously it was dead on arrival in Congress.

What’s particularly weird is Clinton’s specific accusation that Sanders’ single-payer plan would allow states to opt out altogether. As if Bernie Sanders, the self-described national democratic socialist, would design a health insurance plan with a giant sop to conservatives. It is, simply put, divorced from reality.

The Clinton campaign has pressed this attack hard all week, even going so far as to have Chelsea Clinton, who has never been much of an attack dog, go on the trail to slam Sanders for a proposal that would “strip millions and millions and millions of people of their health insurance.” That’s a lot of millions! It also makes Bernie Sanders sound like Mitch McConnell, only with a more grating accent.

It’s a typical Clinton campaign move. Have a bad week at the polls? Overreact with a terrible, transparent attack that anyone with an IQ north of negative can see through. The fact that this move might alienate the Sanders supporters she’ll need later on if she wins the nomination does not seem to enter the calculation.

I’ve been watching liberals grumble about this whole blow-up in my Twitter feed for a couple of days, calling Clinton dishonest and dirty while also acknowledging that there is some value to having this fight now, in the primaries, so as to sharpen the general Democratic healthcare platform before the general election. There have also been suggestions that Sanders and Clinton could unite to push some sort of public option, the fabled unicorn the Obama administration took off the table while writing the ACA back in 2009, thus dooming its progressive credibility for all time in some circles.

Settling on a healthcare goal for the party platform is a worthy goal of this debate, if that’s in fact what’s going on here. But Democrats could all save themselves a fair amount of grief by remembering this truth: No healthcare proposal from Sanders or Clinton, be it a public option or a single-payer system, has any chance in hell of passing through the Congress that the next president will be saddled with. I know it’s fashionable in some quarters to talk about bringing a political revolution to Washington, but the reality is that the major barrier to enacting single-payer or adding a public option to the ACA remains Congress and the army of industry lobbyists who will descend on it the minute the insurance companies think their bottom lines are in jeopardy. Plus the House of Representatives is likely to stay under Republican control after November, and those Republicans are going to be the same stubborn, jelly-brained nihilists who have turned President Obama’s hair gray over the last seven years. An even if by some miracle the House flips to the Democrats, a president would still have to contend with the Senate. There is a chance the Democrats could become the majority party there, but it won’t be a 60-member supermajority that marches in ideological lockstep. Joe Lieberman and Ben Nelson may be gone, but the chamber has not yet been fumigated of their spirits. In fact, assuming the next president is a Democrat, his or her main job with regard to healthcare will be keeping Republicans from repealing the Affordable Care Act. Adding to it or fixing some of its flaws will likely have to wait until either we have a more liberal Congress or the Republican Party decides to start governing again. Everything else we’re hearing is just noise. Of course, maybe President Clinton or President Sanders will surprise us all and pull off a couple of miracles. But considering how insane the election of either is likely to drive the GOP, some pessimism is definitely warranted.",1
73,House Dems ‘shame’ opponents of defeated LGBT rights bill,"Shouts of “shame, shame, shame” erupted in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday as Republican lawmakers narrowly defeated legislation to protect the civil rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender employees of government contractors.

The measure, an amendment to a veterans and military construction spending bill introduced by New York Democrat Sean Maloney, initially had enough “yes” votes to pass, according to the count in the House chamber.

But House Republican leaders extended the time allowed for the vote as they urged enough party members to change their positions to defeat it by a vote of 213 to 212.

All 183 Democrats who voted backed the amendment, joined by 29 Republicans. All 213 “no’s” were from Republicans. Eight House members – three Republicans and five Democrats – did not vote.

LGBT rights have been a hot-button issue during the 2016 election season. National politics have featured debate over whether making cakes for same-sex couples violates bakers’ religious freedom or whether the government should decide which public bathrooms are used by transgender people.

Democrats chanted “shame, shame, shame” at Republicans, drawing attention to the vote. Steny Hoyer, the number two House Democrat, denounced it in a fiery speech. “We had 217 people for non-discrimination right up until the last moment,” he said.

Thursday’s emotional vote came hours after the House late on Wednesday passed a $602 billion defense authorization bill that included “religious freedom” language that critics said would allow contractors to discriminate against LGBT individuals.

The House Rules committee had angered Democrats by voting along party lines late on Tuesday not to allow a vote on an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act that would have eliminated that language.

Republicans who backed the provision said it was necessary to protect the religious rights of military contractors and not intended to be discriminatory.",1
414,Here's How Inflation Has Eroded American Workers' Overtime Eligibility,"President Obama is once again poised to go it alone on labor policy, this time on overtime. The Labor Department is expected in the coming weeks to release a rule making millions more Americans eligible for overtime work — currently, all workers earning below $455 a week, or $23,660 a year, are guaranteed time-and-a-half pay for working more than 40 hours a week. The law may raise that as high as $52,000, Politico reports.

The rule would also change the regulations outlining which employees earning above that threshold are eligible — currently, employers can exempt some employees above that threshold if those workers could be considered ""white collar.""

This would add to a series of workplace policies that, failing congressional approval, the president has expanded in limited form through executive order — upping the minimum wage among federal contractors and attempting to shrink the gender wage gap among federal contractors. He also mandated paid leave for federal workers.

This particular rule change would be a long time in coming — Obama had in March 2014 directed the Labor Department to overhaul the overtime regulations.

The overtime threshold has only been changed once since 1975. At that time, it was set at $250 per week. Then in 2004, President George W. Bush updated it to $455. And that means inflation has slowly diminished the share of Americans who are guaranteed eligibility.

When you adjust for inflation, you can see how much the threshold has fallen — data from the St. Louis Federal Reserve (going back to 1979) show that, as of the late 1970s, the threshold was right at or slightly above the median worker's pay level. Today, it's at around half.

The income line in the chart — that top one — represents the exact middle wage, with half the full-time working population above and below it at any given time. So while the threshold fell away from the median pay level, so did the number of workers legally guaranteed overtime pay.

Indeed, according to the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute, as of 2013, only 11 percent of full-time workers were guaranteed overtime. Bumping the threshold up to around $50,000, for example — roughly where it was in 1975, adjusted for inflation — would bring 47 percent of workers under the threshold, making around 6 million more workers eligible, by one estimate.

The debate over the overtime threshold sounds remarkably similar to the minimum-wage debate — in that debate, opponents in the business community say a higher wage would cost jobs. In the debate over overtime, the fear is that it could cost workers hours as employers decide they don't want to shell out time-and-a-half pay.

And as in the minimum-wage debate, advocates of higher overtime thresholds say lawmakers should simply index the level to inflation — not only would it save lawmakers from periodic fights over how much to change the law, but it would also help lower-paid hourly workers by making sure they're all paid fairly by keeping wage policies consistent with where prices go.

""The original notion was that the people who don't control their own hours, who need the protection of the law, get paid overtime,"" says Ross Eisenbrey, vice president at EPI. ""Where the law set the threshold in 1975, that's really supposed to demarcate the people about whom there's no question — they are not the most powerful people.""

Tying the level to inflation, he says, would ensure that the workers who need the overtime are consistently eligible for it.

The threshold has never been tied to inflation, and advocates like Eisenbrey and the liberal Center for American Progress have long pushed for such a change.

But opponents see reason to keep the level static. One reason, says one economist, is that an indexed overtime level doesn't give businesses enough leeway to deal with high inflation.

""I think it's a bad idea [to index the overtime threshold to inflation] because you want to preserve some flexibility,"" says Michael Strain, a resident scholar at the right-leaning American Enterprise Institute. ""We have been in a low-inflation environment for some time, and we're kind of used to that in how we look at things. But it's entirely conceivable that 10 years from now, we may be in a different environment.""

And without that flexibility, employers might further restrict hours, or they might pressure employees to get even more work done in their 40 hours.

Another argument is that inflation isn't uniform everywhere. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce argued in a February letter to Secretary of Labor Tom Perez that the price index used to adjust wages is based on prices in urban areas — it could distort labor markets in rural areas.

But then, inflation will still happen, and the threshold would still periodically have to rise. So how do you ensure that Congress does it? Strain says one solution could be including a provision in the overtime law that forces Congress to revisit the policy every few years. That way, the policy isn't on ""autopilot,"" he says, but it still changes regularly.

Even then, however, there's no guarantee Congress would actually regularly change the law. After all, it has an annual deadline to pass a budget. It hasn't passed all its spending bills on time in almost 20 years.",1
1576,What I Learned Watching 15 Hours of Cruz Family Videos,"It’s called Project X, according to the clapperboard seen briefly deep into the footage: roughly 15 hours of raw, unedited video meant for use in making ads for Ted Cruz’s presidential campaign. Vast swaths are just Cruz and his wife and their two young daughters—matching dresses a must—walking, talking, smiling, laughing, fishing, eating, holding hands, riding horses, doing puzzles, reading stories, saying grace. Cruz spends some time toting a shotgun around a field and firing it at unseen targets in the sky.

Filmed the last week of last year—some three months before Cruz made his candidacy official with a speech at Liberty University—it was discovered this past summer on YouTube, labeled online simply as Cruz TX Footage 01 to 16.

Clips have been surfacing on TV and the Internet, showing odd glimpses of the life of a highly scripted candidate. Some of the things in the clips we already know: Cruz and his father, for instance, are gifted talkers. What they say on camera is rehearsed and familiar, as in nearly verbatim, to anybody who has seen their stump speeches.

But watch all of it, and you learn some things about Ted Cruz that are hard to imagine ever showing up in a campaign ad. Despite the stagecraft, you encounter a family that’s messier than the one you’ll almost certainly see portrayed as the Cruz campaign enters the thick of the primaries. The footage offers an intriguing familial mishmash of single mothers, half-siblings and stepparents, bearing burdens of modern America—depression, drinking, drugs.

Cruz’s wife, an executive for Goldman Sachs currently on a leave of absence because of the campaign, describes herself as “a traditional mom,” albeit one who cops to not cooking, and likens her handling of multimillion-dollar investment portfolios to her family’s missionary work in Africa.

Cruz’s daughters adore him, you’re told, and yet you learn that they sometimes consider him “a guest” in their Houston home.

It also becomes clear that the death of Cruz’s half sister—and what he then did for her son—is a story he thinks reflects well enough on him that he wants to tell it in all its wince-inducing detail.

Cruz’s mother is the least willing participant here—the most interesting, too, in part because she is at times so obviously reluctant to play along.

Why is this available, all of it, to anyone? Evidently, shooting video like this and posting it in a public space lets campaigns and their supportive PACs share the content without technically communicating, which would be against the rules.

What’s great about this footage is the camera keeps rolling, people keep talking, and Cruz keeps rubbing, and rubbing, and rubbing, his family members’ shoulders and backs. The staged hugs, the awkward outtakes, the never-to-be-prime-time scenes, the unrehearsed, off-script interactions—these are the moments that feel the most revealing, the most captivating, the most authentic. It’s an unexpected window into the orbit of a candidate who is otherwise disciplined and relentlessly on-message.

Here, seated on an overstuffed chair, is a person you’re not expecting: a heavyset, blue-eyed young man wearing a buzz cut, a red and white shirt with horizontal stripes and a smattering of tattoos on his arms. Does one of them say menace? On a matching chair to his left: the Princeton-educated, Harvard-educated former Supreme Court clerk and current U.S. senator and presidential candidate to whom he’s related.

“My name is Joe Maykopet,” he says, to the camera and everybody else, “I’m 29 years old, from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and this is my uncle, Ted Cruz.”

It’s unclear what purpose he’s supposed to serve in this context.

“You know, my nephew Joey,” Cruz says, reaching over and placing his hand on Maykopet’s back, “is someone who I’ve known his entire life. I remember holding Joey when he was a newborn baby—I was 15 when he was born. His mom is my oldest sister, Miriam. Miriam is nine years older than I am. I have two older sisters, Miriam and Roxana, who are a year apart in age. And they’re half sisters. They’re sisters from my father’s first marriage.

“And when both of them were little girls, our father and their mom divorced,” Cruz continues. “And, you know, kids react differently to divorce. They react differently to their parents splitting apart. It was very hard on my sister Miriam. It was very hard on her. She, like a lot of kids unfortunately do, think she blamed herself as a little girl for her parents not staying together.

Cruz doesn’t say how—but she died, in 2011, in Pennsylvania, of an accidental drug overdose. It remains unclear at this point in the footage how this information might find its way into a political ad.

“Um, when Miriam got older, um, she struggled,” he says. “She had a difficult life. Miriam had a lot of problems with alcohol abuse and substance abuse pretty much her entire adult life. Um, she took a lot of pain meds, she took a lot of—she made a lot of bad choices.”

He keeps talking—about how she “raised Joey as a single mom,” how she “had problems with the law,” how she “fell in with some pretty unsavory characters,” how he and his father once went to Philadelphia, where she was living, “in what was basically a crack house,” leaving behind their “rings and watches and wallets,” to try to “help her get back on her feet.”

All of this unspools, uncomfortably, as Maykopet sits listening to Cruz’s version of his sad, challenging upbringing with his late mother, at the end of which, finally, Cruz gets to what appears to be the takeaway.

The loan he took out on his credit card to pay for Maykopet to go to boarding school.

“All told,” Cruz says, “it was about $20,000.”

Maykopet then talks for a while about his life ever since—he works in a chocolate factory—before a man behind the camera cuts to the crux.

“Let’s wrap it up,” comes the voice from behind the camera, “and say, ‘I look back and really appreciate the sacrifice my Uncle Ted made when I was younger. It really helped me get some discipline, and it turned my life around. I really appreciate it.’”

“OK, can you say that again?” Maykopet says, working to remember what they’re wanting him to say.

“One more hug, and we’re out of here,” says the cameraman.

What is Daddy doing? Why is Daddy in D.C.?

“OK, I’m going to say what I really think. You guys can decide if you want to use this,” Heidi Cruz says into the camera with a laugh.

About to say something she knows she shouldn’t—yet clearly she has things to say.",1
2073,Global warming sparks partisan firestorm on once-sleepy House committee,"It was once a sleepy Capitol Hill backwater with a reputation for bipartisanship, where freshman lawmakers would learn the ropes of lawmaking and budgets.

Now the recent blow-up over climate research on the House science committee is the latest firefight on a panel that’s more partisan and backbiting than ever, members and former staff say.

As Chairman Lamar Smith (R-Tex.) has molded the committee with a more aggressive role in oversight than anyone can remember, he and his Democratic counterpart are feuding openly over what the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology should really be doing: supporting science or debunking it.

The sniping between the lawmakers and their staffs is ratcheting up with Smith’s highest-profile campaign yet, to discredit scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration who published a pivotal study that refuted the idea that global warming had “paused” over the past decade.

In recent weeks, ranking member Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson (D) a soft-spoken Texan in her 22nd year on the committee, has sent Smith a series of blistering letters denouncing his subpoena of the scientists and other NOAA staff as, alternately, a “fishing expedition,” a “witch hunt” and an “ideological crusade.”

[NOAA chief tells lawmaker: I will not allow anyone to ‘coerce the scientists who work for me’]

She has branded her colleague’s claims that NOAA altered historical climate data “the most outrageous statements ever made by a Chair of the Committee on Science.”

And Smith, a fellow Texan who rejects the scientific consensus that man-made pollution is behind global warming, has charged back in his own letter campaign, accusing Johnson of a “lack of interest” in oversight of government waste and wrongdoing and a “partisan political allegiance to the Obama administration.”

Even in an era of extreme partisanship on Capitol Hill, the name-calling stands out. The committee that oversees NASA, the National Science Foundation, NOAA and non-defense research and development in much of the rest of the government is more polarized than ever, current and former staff and members say, with the climate talks in Paris only ratcheting up tensions.

Democrats accuse Smith, now in his third year as chairman, of a contempt for the scientific methods and an almost exclusive focus on discrediting the work and gutting the budgets of federal researchers. They say he has sidelined them by using the GOP’s new, unilateral power in this Congress to depose and subpoena federal officials without a vote.

They claim they find out about bills the majority is introducing at the last minute — and are notified of witnesses he has invited to testify at hearings with only a one- or two-day notice, making it hard for them to come up with their own witnesses in time.

“This committee was always considered nonpartisan, looking at the nation’s future,” Johnson said in an interview. “I’ve had people tell me it’s worse now than the Benghazi committee [investigating the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi, Libya]. It’s just as contentious.”

While she said she and Smith have never been personal friends, Johnson described the chairman as “respectful and friendly” toward her during committee hearings.

“Then I get these letters saying I’m just a pawn of the [Obama] administration,” she said. “I don’t even think of the administration. It’s just common sense that would lead you to research what he’s saying versus what the reality is and try to make a comparison.”

Smith, a former chairman of the high-profile House Judiciary Committee, said in a response to e-mailed questions that he has a “long record” of bipartisanship in Congress.

Johnson “consistently argues that the Committee should seek fewer documents and ask fewer questions,” Smith wrote. “Even in the face of possible or admitted wrongdoing, she places political allegiance to the Obama administration before the Committee’s obligation to hardworking taxpayers. This does damage to Congress as an institution and to the trust people have in our federal agencies.”

Smith said it’s Johnson who has failed in her duty to join him in key investigations: Of a 3-million-gallon toxic waste spill in Colorado caused in part by an Environmental Protection Agency contractor, an illegal meth lab at the National Institute of Standards and Technology, a National Weather Service executive who wrote his own lucrative post-retirement consulting contract.

Both parties point to limited bipartisan victories, including a law strengthening science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education and adding computer science to those efforts and a commercial space bill extending some regulations and providing limited property rights for resources extracted from asteroids.

But it’s the basics of scientific inquiry that have upset the relationship between Democrats and Republicans, from Smith’s early effort to put tight reins on the grant-making National Science Foundation by scrutinizing projects it funds to his challenge to coal regulations, which have attempted to discredit studies on the health effects of carbon emissions.

“This was not a deeply polarized committee before,” said David Goldston, who served as chief of staff  to former Rep. Sherwood “Sherry” Boehlert, a moderate Republican who was science committee chairman from 2001 to 2006.

“Relations were extremely cordial,” said Goldston, who is now director of government affairs at the Natural Resources Defense Council. There were some differences on spending levels, agency missions and the direction of research, he said.

But he described the panel’s current Republican majority this way: “I don’t think they think of themselves as anti-science, but as preventing a perversion of science by left-wing ideology.”

And one of the most ideological battles in science now is climate change, the subject of routine hearings on the committee.

On Tuesday, as the climate change summit got underway in Paris, the committee held a hearing titled, “Pitfalls of Unilateral Negotiations at the Paris Climate Change Conference.”

The parties proceeded in parallel universes, with Democrats lobbing questions to their sole (friendly) witness on the economic and environmental benefits of reducing greenhouse gas emissions and Republicans lobbing questions to their three (friendly) witnesses on why Obama’s Clean Power Plan would cost billions of dollars and cause financial hardship for American families, along with no significant benefit to climate change.

Rep. Donna Edwards (D-Md.), who is on the panel, said in an interview that the committee is struggling with the ”fundamental question of whether we are going to trust the science that comes from scientists who are really disengaged from politics.”

“Because of the tenor that the chairman has taken, he’s challenged this idea that we’re going to depoliticize science,” she said.

The committee started in 1958 as the Space Committee to oversee NASA, and gradually its science portfolio grew. Today the Democratic and Republican staffs have little contact, current and former staffers said.

“On oversight, there’s not a lot of cooperation for major investigations,” said one Democratic staffer who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of what he described as strains between the staffs.

“That tradition goes back a long time. Now it’s not unusual for us to find something out through a press release,” the staffer said.

Smith said in an email that the Republicans “always provide the minority with the required notice of committee proceedings in accordance with the Rules of the House. Usually, we provide more notice than required.”

Even as Congress investigates the global warming ‘pause,’ actual temperatures are surging

Top Weather Service official creates consulting job — then takes it himself with $43,200 raise

Former Weather Service finance chief signed off on consulting job his deputy created for himself ‘because that’s how things are done’",1
5065,Hillary Clinton accepts nomination with 'boundless confidence in America's promise',"The words, when they came, had lost no power over a week of build-up, or almost a decade of rehearsal. “So it is with humility, determination and boundless confidence in America’s promise that I accept your nomination for president of the United States,” said Hillary Clinton – the first American to stand on the brink of being called madame president.



There were no gimmicks. No more videos of breaking glass. Just a familiar face in a trademark white suit, standing in a very unfamiliar spot.

“When there are no ceilings, the sky’s the limit,” she acknowledged briefly, before, eventually, the ceiling seemed to fall in, covering the floor of Philadelphia’s Wells Fargo arena in a carpet of red, white and blue balloons so thick, the candidate almost disappeared from view.

By the end of an hour-long acceptance speech, there were children on stage; some of them, daughters smuggled in by fathers to witness an undoubted leap forward along the long road to equality in America.

Clinton herself dwelled little on the symbolism of her acceptance speech – save for a cry of “Deal me in!” which was taken up lustily by the crowd. Instead, she went straight to her first big exposition of what she would do if she actually wins in November, including a jobs program and investment in infrastructure.

“To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws,” she said, in clear contrast to the idealistic promises of her primary opponent Bernie Sanders and the big-talking Republican enemy Donald Trump.

The US, Clinton said, was “at a moment of reckoning” as she called on voters to reject Trump’s divisive rhetoric and policies. “Powerful forces are threatening to pull us apart, bonds of trust and respect are fraying,” she said.

But it was also a moment to turn slowly away from Barack Obama, a man who only a day before had helped the campaign reclaim the mantle of patriotism from Trump. Now it was time for Clinton to do the same with the economy.

“Democrats, we are the party of working people but we haven’t done a good enough job showing that we get what you’re going through, and that we’re going to do something about it,” she said.

“There’s a lot to do,” acknowledged Clinton, a departure from the campaign’s recent insistence that Trump was exaggerating the pain felt by working families. “Too many people haven’t had a pay raise since the crash.”

She added: “Some of you are frustrated – even furious. And you know what? You’re right.”

To the confusion of a diehard band of Bernie Sanders supporters in luminous T-shirts, who sought to disrupt the speech, they were forced instead to pause and, even once or twice, applaud when Clinton presented an unashamedly liberal and populist vision of America.

“If you believe that we should say ‘no’ to unfair trade deals, that we should stand up to China, that we should support our steelworkers and autoworkers and homegrown manufacturers – join us,” said Clinton, in clear appeal to both right and left incarnations of the pitchfork outbreak sweeping the country in this election cycle.

“Whatever party you belong to, or if you belong to no party at all, if you share these beliefs, this is your campaign,” she added, promising she would be a president for all Americans, whether they voted for her or not.

But taking Trump’s appeal seriously was not the same as taking Trump seriously.

An increasingly confident Clinton was merciless in skewering the celebrity billionaire as a “little man”.

“Really? ‘I alone can fix it?’” she asked at one point, letting the questions hang there as a description of everything that is absurd about this close-fought election race.

“He spoke for 70-odd minutes – and I do mean odd,” she continued, eliciting the kind of laughter that was bound to produce a reaction from the man himself, and did.

“Imagine him, if you dare, imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons,” anticipated Clinton.

He might be a joke, she said, but his appeal was not. “For the past year, many people made the mistake of laughing off Donald Trump’s comments – excusing him as an entertainer just putting on a show,” warned the former secretary of state. “Here’s the sad truth: there is no other Donald Trump. This is it.”

The laughs came naturally for a crowd that warmed to a rare display of comic timing from Clinton: “Donald Trump says he wants to make America great again – well, he could start by actually making things in America again.”

There was a little shake of the head as if to say “duh” when she said: “I believe in science,” and rejected the denial of climate change in another year of temperature records smashed.

She turned to another first lady, Jackie Kennedy, for the insult that may yet stick. “She said that what worried President Kennedy during that very dangerous time was that a war might be started – not by big men with self-control and restraint, but by little men, the ones moved by fear and pride.”

Over the course of the evening, Trump was called many names. “A political pyromaniac”, said Los Angeles mayor Eric Garcetti, who suggested Trump should build his wall around the whole city.

“Hillary Clinton knows how to fight back against dangerous, loudmouth bullies ... She doesn’t run to Twitter to give people badmouth nicknames,” said Elizabeth Warren, who had been on the receiving end.

Some of Clinton’s own putdowns would end another campaign overnight. But this is a teflon Don, seemingly able to say anything without consequence, so Clinton refused the temptation to indulge in excessive Trump-bashing, preferring to paint her own vision.

There was plenty of policy: a bold promise to introduce the biggest jobs program since the second world war in her first 100 days as president, and invest money in infrastructure projects and political capital in gun control.



Rejecting the dangerously persistent notion that she simply wanted to be president because it was her turn, Clinton also used much of the packed speech to describe her real motivation.

Introduced by her daughter, Chelsea, she continued the week’s highly personal theme, by pinning this political philosophy on her own mother, Dorothy.

“She made sure I learned the words of our Methodist faith,” said the nominee. “Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as ever you can.”

The moral vision continued to help defuse the still simmering revolt on the left, where a rump of Sanders supporters were largely drowned out in their attempt to disrupt the night.

“I want to thank Bernie Sanders,” said Clinton. “Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of Americans, particularly the young people who threw their hearts and souls into our primary.”

Mostly she ignored disruptions that were more noticeable in the hall than on television.

By the end, the chants were no longer papering over the cracks in the party, but rolling expressions of real enthusiasm waving up and down the stadium.

The crowd had been fired up earlier in the evening by another speech that could easily have been at home in a Sanders rally. “We are being called upon by our foremothers and fathers to be the moral defibrillator,” said Rev William Barber. “We cannot give up on the heart of democracy, not now, not ever … We need to fight for the heart of this nation.”

But it was the calm nobility of Khizr Khan, whose son died serving the US military in Iraq, who summed up why Clinton was really running – accusing Trump of “smearing the character” of patriotic American Muslims.

“Donald Trump, let me ask you: have you even read the US constitution? I will gladly lend you my copy. Look for the words ‘liberty’ and ‘equal protection under the law’,” said Khan.

Instead, Clinton made clear she would be a “president for Democrats, Republicans, and independents”.

“For the struggling, the striving, the successful. For those who vote for me and those who don’t. Whatever party you belong to, or if you belong to no party at all, if you share these beliefs, this is your campaign. For all Americans,” she said.

Appealing to those Reagan Democrats of a different age, Clinton said of Trump: “He’s taken the Republican party a long way – from ‘Morning in America’ to ‘Midnight in America’.

“He wants us to fear the future and fear each other. Well, a great Democratic president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, came up with the perfect rebuke to Trump more than 80 years ago, during a much more perilous time: ‘The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.’”",1
2521,"Homeland Security Chief Says 30,000 Will Be Furloughed If Department Shuts Down","It's not just about the 'American Dream'

The conventional wisdom says that most Latin American migrants who come to the United States are looking for a better life, inspired by the ""American Dream."" And it's hard to deny that there's a lot of truth in that. 

 

 But there's another side to the story -- people leave Latin America because life there can be very hard. Poverty, political instability and recurring financial crises often conspire to make Latin American life more challenging than in the U.S., a wealthy country with lots of job opportunities. 

 

 Living on the northern side of the U.S.-Mexico border, it's easy to view Latin America as another world, isolated from the United States. But the truth is that the U.S. government has historically made life in Latin America harder by overthrowing democratically elected governments, financing atrocities and pushing trade policies that undermine Latin American industries, dealing blows to local economies. Perhaps instead of building walls, the United States should focus on being a better neighbor. 

 

 Here are 19 ways the U.S. government has helped spur immigration by making life harder in Latin America.",1
4343,"The Presidential Bid Of Ted Cruz, The Reddest Meat Of The Right","WASHINGTON -- The audience should have belonged to Sen. Rand Paul. After all, the thousand or so clean-cut millennials in the D.C.-area ballroom were members of Young Americans for Liberty, a student group founded by Paul’s father, former Rep. Ron Paul.

The kids chuckled appreciatively as Rand unspooled his tart, college-dorm-room disdain for government. But he didn’t fire them up. Neither did Utah Sen. Mike Lee, the thoughtful-sounding son of a Reagan-era U.S. solicitor general.

The man who got them cheering, who got them going, who got them roaring with derisive laughter and bubbling with anger at the depredations of liberals was: Sen. Ted Cruz.

Striding the stage like Elvis (if Elvis had been a college debater at Princeton and a brilliant student at Harvard Law), Cruz was the firebrand whom the conserva-geeks wanted to either meet or become.

That was more than a year ago, when the first-term senator from Texas was still in the hard-right afterglow of his bid to shut down the government in a vain (in both senses) attempt to stop Obamacare.

But the Young Americans for Liberty loved his loathing of the party elders, and his determination to shove a stick between the spokes of the System.

And it is that emotion -- across-the-board opposition to every “liberal” idea that exists, and disgust with the System in all of its manifestations -- that Cruz hopes to tap for the energy he thinks can somehow lift him to the presidency.

Uncorked anger doesn’t usually win presidential nominations, let alone presidencies. People want hope and uplift in the White House and not just expressions of outrage. The president is the person who is supposed to make things work.

To some, the 44-year-old Cruz gives off a vaguely scary aura of cheerful menace. For now, as Cruz officially announces his 2016 bid, he is nearly an asterisk in the early GOP polls, well behind somewhat less apocalyptic personalities, such as Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush.

The first is that his angry approach may fit the times. Even as the voters depend more and more on government and politics -- perhaps for that very reason -- their regard for the machinery of both continues to plummet to new lows.

Cruz beat the establishment in Texas like a drum. They hate him for it, but he is also going to raise a lot of cash in, yes, Texas.

He is as pure an across-the-board conservative as it is possible to find in what has to be regarded as the big leagues of politics: culturally, fiscally, in monetary policy, in foreign policy.

Cruz is triple 7s on the slot machine of issues: anti-abortion, a global-warming mega-skeptic, to the right of Likud on Israel, anti-immigration to the max, big on defense spending, etc.

He is a libertarian, traditional conservative, war hawk and evangelical Baptist son of a preacher who fled Fidel Castro’s Cuba. There are plenty of philosophical and tactical contradictions in Cruz’s construct, but he ignores them all.",1
3915,"Cuba releases all 53 political prisoners to complete deal, U.S. official says","Cuba has completed the release of 53 political prisoners that was part of last month's historic deal between the United States and Cuba, the U.S. said Monday

The prisoners had been on a list of opposition figures whose release was sought as part of the U.S. agreement last month with the Cuban government. They had been cited by various human rights organizations as being imprisoned by the Cuban government for exercising internationally protected freedoms or for their promotion of political and social reforms in Cuba.

The U.S. has verified the release, according to an official traveling with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in Islamabad. The official spoke to the Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the official was not authorized to discuss the issue on the record.

Among those released were Haydee Gallardo S., a Lady in White, and her husband Angel Figueredo C. who were both arrested in May 2014 on charges of ""public disorder.""

The independent rap artist Ángel Yunier Remón Arzuaga, known as ""El Crítico,"" was also released. 'El Critico"" was sentenced to eight years in prison without a trial in March 2013 for ""resistance"" against the communist regime.

Last month, Cuba and the U.S. agreed to work to restore normal diplomatic relations as part of a deal in which Cuba freed an imprisoned U.S. aid worker, Alan Gross, along with an imprisoned spy working for the U.S. and the imprisoned dissidents. The U.S. released several Cuba intelligence agents. The deal came after 50 years of hostility between the two countries.

There had been much concern in the Cuban-American immigrant community and among aid workers, as well as from top U.S. conservatives like Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla, who is also a Cuban-American, about the lack of transparency and the secrecy surrounding the identities of the political prisoners.

The leader of the Miami-based the Foundation for Human Rights in Cuba (FHRC), Francisco Hernandez, was highly vocal about the issue.

""We would like to know the names, because obviously these people are going to need help when they are released, and we want to make sure that they are released,"" Hernandez told Fox News Latino.

Based on reporting by the Associated Press.

Like us on Facebook",1
4447,What Pentagon would gain from Bowe Bergdahl desertion charge (+video),"Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl has already spent five years in Taliban captivity, but charging him with desertion would likely lead to no jail time and would send a message to soldiers.

South Korea voted to impeach its president. What happens next?

Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl (r.) stands with a Taliban fighter in eastern Afghanistan. reports say Sergeant Bergdahl, who was freed in a swap in which the US freed five Taliban detainees, will be charged with desertion. (AP Photo/, File

Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl will be charged with desertion after a months-long review of his disappearance from his Afghanistan outpost that led to his five year-long captivity.

That, at least, is the speculation from Fox News and reportedly confirmed by NBC. The Army denies that any decision has been made.

The reporting “is patently false,” Maj. Gen. Ronald Lewis, chief of public affairs for the US Army, said in a statement provided to the Monitor Tuesday afternoon. “To be clear, there have been no actions or decisions on the Sgt. Bergdahl investigation.”

Instead, the investigation is still with the commanding general of US Army Forces Command, Mark Milley, “who will determine appropriate action – which ranges from no further action to convening a court-martial,” Major General Lewis added. “We understand the public interest in this case, and once a decision has been made, the Army will be open and transparent in this matter.”

Judging from the Pentagon hallway chatter that has come in the wake of the reports, however, the notion that the Army would charge Sergeant Bergdahl with desertion makes a great deal of sense to many senior military officials.

So what would the US military hope to gain by charging Bergdahl with desertion? After all, wasn’t his confinement at the hands of the Taliban punishment enough?

“I guess it doesn’t surprise me that the Army would be going this route,” says a former military official who served as a top judge advocate general (JAG) and spoke on condition of anonymity because he continues to sit on a panel that hears military cases.

“I hate to say it like this, but it’s a win-win for everyone,” he adds.

It’s a “win” for the Pentagon, because it sends a strong message desertion is unacceptable.

But there is also a compassionate nod to the hardships Bergdahl endured while in captivity. “The government really isn’t interested in putting him in jail,” the former JAG says.

Indeed, if the Army does decide to charge Bergdahl with desertion, he will most likely have the option of requesting a discharge.

With a possible court-martial looming, this discharge would not be honorable, but rather a less-than-honorable discharge.

The Army could refuse Bergdahl’s request for discharge, but this would be “highly unlikely,” the former senior JAG says.

“I’d be very surprised if they did that. What they want is to have him out of the Army,” he says--not the public outcry that would likely come if Bergdahl faced jail time after five years as a Taliban captive.

“I think they just want to get rid of them, and to send a strong signal that this type of behavior will not be tolerated.”

This behavior includes reportedly leaving his combat outpost, Mest-Lalak, in Paktika Province in dangerous eastern Afghanistan in June, 2009.

Bergdahl was returned to the United States after a prisoner swap that was arranged earlier this year.

It is remains unclear whether Bergdahl intended to return to his outpost, or not.",1
3356,Compromises being reached in Iran talks,"Washington (CNN) Compromises on some of the crucial issues that have long divided the West and Iran over the latter's nuclear program -- including the number of centrifuges Tehran can keep in any deal -- are being reached in ongoing talks, according to Western officials.

Two Western diplomats told CNN Thursday that the parties are narrowing in on 6,000 centrifuges, down from the 6,500 that had been under discussion.

But both American and Iranian officials strongly denied that there was a draft agreement under review, as the Associated Press reported earlier in the day.

""There's no draft document being circulated,"" State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Thursday, as negotiations ahead of a March 31 deadline for a framework deal continue in Lausanne, Switzerland. ""The fundamental framework issues are still under comprehensive discussion.""

Testifying at a congressional hearing Thursday morning, Deputy Secretary of State Tony Blinken also denied the report.

""My understanding is that there is no draft,"" Blinken said.

A senior Iranian negotiator similarly stated that ""we haven't started drafting yet"" and that no specific details on issues such as the number of centrifuges have been agreed to.

""The numbers and figures mentioned here and there are just imaginations,"" Iran's Deputy Foreign Minister for Legal and International Affairs Abbas Araqchi told Iran's state-run Press TV.

""If [Iranian leaders] cannot agree to a reasonable deal, they will keep Iran on the path it's on today,"" he said, according to prepared remarks, ""a path that has isolated Iran, and the Iranian people, from so much of the world, caused so much hardship for Iranian families, and deprived so many young Iranians of the jobs and opportunities they deserve.""

He went on to frame the current opportunity to secure a deal as fleeting and historic, one, he said, ""we should not miss.""

The President also said in his Nowruz message that ""the days and weeks ahead will be critical"" for negotiations, and acknowledged that while ""negotiations have made progress...gaps remain.""

One of those gaps in the negotiations concerns the number of centrifuges Iran can use to enrich uranium.

While Iran claims its nuclear program is peaceful in nature, the U.S. is determined to restrict the amount of time in which Iran would be able to produce the fissile material for one nuclear weapon -- referred to as ""breakout time"" -- to more than a year. Limiting the number of centrifuges would be key to such a goal.

The delegations, which also include the U.K., France, Germany, Russia and China, are also seeking to bridge disagreements over how long restrictions would remain on Iran's nuclear program before they are phased out.

The U.S. is seeking to keep the bulk of restrictions in place for 10 years, according to the AP report. But Blinken told the House Foreign Affairs Committee that the timeframe of the agreement is still being discussed by negotiators.

He also pushed back on the idea that all of the checks on Iran would automatically expire at the end of this period.

""What we are proposing and what we are seeking to achieve is a series of constraints and obligations,"" he explained. ""Some will end after a long period of time, others will continue longer than that, and still others will be indefinite, in perpetuity.""

Previously, U.S. officials have said the U.S. is working towards a ""double-digit"" time frame.

In a briefing in Lausanne Thursday on how and when sanctions against Iran would be phased out, U.S. officials said they didn't expect that Iran would accept a 15-year deal.

But they added that a considerable amount of time, in which Iran would have established a long history of compliance, would have elapsed before the full termination of sanctions would be warranted.

Sanctions have become a key part of the debate in Washington over the Obama administration's negotiations with Iran, as Republican and some Democratic members of Congress have objected to the deal and shown little inclination to lift sanctions legislators have imposed -- a key form of leverage on Iran.

U.S. officials on Thursday sought to allay some of the concerns.

The officials said that sanctions relief would be phrased -- suspended first and repealed later -- in case Iran violates its commitments, and be dependent on benchmarks such as verification by the U.N. nuclear agency.

However, the officials said the U.S. would be prepared to move quickly with relief if Iran moved quickly with compliance, and that they wanted to makes sure there was significant relief without too much delay because if only a little were given done up front, Iran might feel there is no political benefit in a deal.

The officials also described a snap-back mechanism that the U.S. wants to accompany the suspension or termination of U.N. sanctions, which are in addition to those Congress has mandated. One kind of snap-back sanctions would require a U.N. Security Council vote, but officials suggested it might be possible to put a trigger in place, in which a full vote wouldn't be necessary.

The U.S. and its five partners, known collectively as the P5+1, are also emphasizing the need for nuclear inspectors to be given full access to Iranian facilities so they can ensure Iran remains in compliance with the terms of the deal.

""We are pushing tough issues,"" Kerry told a group of reporters Thursday, but ""we are making progress.""

Kerry has met with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif repeatedly over the past couple weeks in an effort to resolve these obstacles, and other points of contention that stand between them and a deal.",1
2435,House Votes To Repeal Affordable Care Act,"The House voted 239-186 today to repeal the Affordable Care Act, the latest effort by the Republican-controlled chamber to scrap the law.

The measure also would direct panels to come up with a replacement for the healthcare law — though it doesn't provide a timeline on any new legislation or what provisions it may contain.

The House-approved measure likely will be defeated in the Senate, where the GOP has a smaller majority. President Obama has threatened to veto any legislation that rips up his signature achievement.

The Associated Press notes the House has voted more than 50 times in the past two years to repeal the law. What was different about today's vote? NPR's S.V. Date writes in our It's All Politics blog: ""What makes today a milestone is that, for the first time, House Republicans plan to vote on whether to actually take health coverage away from millions of Americans who now have it.""

Today's vote came after Obama met with 10 Americans that the White House said wrote the president letters about how they benefited from the law.

""It was maybe plausible to be opposed to the Affordable Care Act before it was implemented, but now it is being implemented and it is working,"" Obama said at the meeting.

But as NPR's Ron Elving notes, though no one expects today's vote to kill the law, ""these issues are important to many who voted for Republican candidates in the 2014 election and expect campaign promises to be honored.""",1
3553,Trove of Bin Laden documents released,"U.S. intelligence officials on Wednesday released a trove of documents recovered during the 2011 raid on Usama bin Laden's compound -- offering a rare window into the operations of Al Qaeda and bin Laden's involvement in leading the network from his Pakistan hideaway.

The documents include dozens of letters, some from  bin Laden himself, as well as accounting information and even what appears to be an application form for prospective Al Qaeda members. That form, which asks a series of detailed questions, includes the line: ""Who should we contact in case you became a martyr?""

The correspondence itself shows bin Laden continued to be engaged from his hideout and sought to direct operations. Shortly before he was killed in the May 2011 raid, a letter shows him celebrating the Arab Spring revolutions which had toppled Tunisia's leader at that point and were mounting in several other countries.

""These are gigantic events that will eventually engulf most of the Muslim world, will free the Muslim land from American hegemony, and is troubling America whose Secretary of State declared that they are worried about the armed Muslims controlling the Muslim region,"" bin Laden wrote, according to a translated version.

Bin Laden, writing to a follower identified as Atiyah, called for more Al Qaeda involvement in these countries once their leaders were deposed.

He described the events as ""critical to our nation,"" advising against being ""fully occupied with the Afghanistan front."" Bin Laden wrote, ""we should give our main attention to the Muslim nation's revolution ..."" He called for supporting the rebellions and pursuing an ""education stage"" whenever rulers were deposed, by ""mobilizing"" writers and technicians to guide those nations.

Another message, undated and unsigned, speaks to similar themes.

The letter lashes out against Hosni Mubarak, the former Egyptian president who would soon be toppled. ""The regime destroys the souls of the people from the palace,"" it says. ""Just as an unarmed man is killed by gunfire. [Mubarak] does as he wishes with the blood of the Muslims."" The letter details Al Qaeda's plans, including a call to immediate action and an ominous warning that ""disagreeing is bad for all.""

The letter says Ayman al-Zawahiri, now believed to be running Al Qaeda, is the appropriate person ""from our ranks"" to intervene because he is a ""man of Egypt.""

The correspondence also includes letters among the bin Laden family members. One 2010 letter offers a glimpse into the Al Qaeda leader's surveillance worries. In it, he urges his wife to ""leave everything behind, including clothes, books, everything that she had in Iran"" before arriving, warning about eavesdropping and the possibility that the Iranians would ""implant a chip in some of the belongings that you might have brought along with you.""

Other documents show the day-to-day operations in Al Qaeda. One identified as ""Instructions to Applicants"" appears to be a form for Al Qaeda prospects. It asks for basic biographical information, as well as for information about ""hobbies,"" whether they know experts in chemistry, where they've traveled, and even ""do you wish to execute a suicide operation?"" This is followed by the question about whom to contact in case the applicant becomes a ""martyr.""

Yet another document, a message in response to one of then-President George W. Bush's State of the Union addresses, warned that the ""motives that led to 9/11 are still there."" The message, presumably from bin Laden, said the 9/11 hijackers ""are not exceptional freaks of history, but are the vanguards of a nation that rose up for Jihad, and there are millions of their brothers eager to seek the same path.""

The Office of the Director of National Intelligence said the document release, titled ""Bin Laden's Bookshelf,"" follows a ""rigorous interagency review.""

The office said the intelligence community ""will be reviewing hundreds more documents in the near future for possible declassification and release.""

The documents, recovered from the compound four years ago, are being released now because legislation mandated their declassification.",1
3992,Will Islamic State attacks bolster prospects for political solution in Syria? (+video),"The West and Russia are closer than ever to agreeing to implementing a peaceful end to Syria's civil war. But key differences remain, including over the future of Bashar al-Assad.

A hand-written message is seen on flowers placed near the French embassy to commemorate victims of attacks in Paris, in Moscow on Sunday. The words on the poster reads: 'It is our common grief. France! Russia is with you!'

After multiple major attacks in less than two weeks – including the alleged bombing of a Russian jetliner over Egypt, a double-suicide bombing in Lebanon, and Friday's deadly attacks in Paris – a resolution to the Syrian conflict and the threat of the Islamic State has become top priority for Europe's major powers.

Perhaps most crucially, the West and Russia have moved closer than at any time in the past four years toward a political solution in Syria, which many believe is central to fighting IS-inspired terrorism.

“There is a new pragmatism emerging in Europe to work with Russia and Iran, and other European partners, and to try and work towards a political solution,” says Eugene Rogan, director of the Middle East Centre at the University of Oxford.

But the obstacles to a Syrian solution remain high, amid Western reticence about further military involvement there and unresolved differences between the Kremlin and the West over the future of President Bashar al-Assad.

“This is a very critical junction for where we go from here,” says Sajjan Gohel, a London-based international security director for the Asia-Pacific Foundation. He says the declaration of “war” by French President François Hollande, and the support by President Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron, amid other heady talk, must be followed by action. “Otherwise [IS] are going to believe they can get away with it again.... This can only be a game-changer if the West does something meaningful.”

Speaking on the sidelines of the Group of 20 summit in Turkey, Mr. Obama joined with President Hollande in calling the Paris attack a pivotal moment. “We will redouble our efforts, working with other members of the coalition, to bring about a peaceful transition in Syria and to eliminate [IS] as a force that can create so much pain and suffering for people in Paris, in Ankara, and in other parts of the globe,"" he said.

US-led efforts to eradicate IS were complicated after Russia intervened six weeks ago, with an expeditionary force of about 50 attack aircraft and supporting troops. But there is a growing consensus, given the reach and sophistication of IS terror, that Russia has helped change the diplomatic conversation, especially the idea that overthrowing Assad is an impossible immediate goal.

“It is dawning on everyone that the only way out of this is a political solution that takes into account the Assad government and the large numbers of people it represents. It hasn't survived for four years, with all the forces arrayed against it, without strong social roots,"" says Sergei Karaganov, a senior Russian foreign policy expert. ""It's also clear that Russia will have to be a part of that solution. The old US approach of just getting together a bunch of like-minded 'friends of Syria' to decide things is finished.”

The terror attacks in Paris will add to the sense of urgency, at least for Europeans, who have already felt increasing pressures from the growing refugee crisis to move on a negotiated solution for Syria, experts say.

Talks in Vienna on Syria have already made more progress in the past 10 days than in the previous four years, says Andrei Klimov, deputy chair of the international affairs committee of the Federation Council, Russia's Senate. A rough draft of a transitional program lays out a path to a ceasefire, a new Syrian constitution, and fresh elections within 18 months. Crucially, this was jointly announced by Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov and US Secretary of State John Kerry in Vienna on Saturday.

“A lot has happened rather quickly in the wake of Russia's intervention, and it's pleasant to note that our initiatives are finally getting some traction,"" says Mr. Klimov. ""But peoples' minds are also being focused by the victories the Russian-backed Syrian forces are gaining in the field, and by the terrible tragedies from recent terrorist strikes in Turkey, Lebanon, and now Paris. We do see movement, and we are hopeful.""

One agreement made at the Vienna talks that the Russians say is key is the general consensus that any government that succeeds the Assad regime must be ""secular."" That will exclude most of the Syrian rebels opposed to Assad, if implemented, they say.

At the same time, the US and Europe are weighing what the next steps are in their own military involvement. France ordered its fighter jets to carry out a massive bombardment Sunday night on Raqqa, the Syrian city that IS claims is its caliphate, as part of a growing global momentum to stop the spread of terrorism.

The US has said it plans to step up its efforts but that it won’t put boots on the ground for now. “The further introduction of US troops to fully re-engage in ground combat in the Middle East is not the way to deal with this challenge,” said Benjamin J. Rhodes, the president’s deputy national security adviser, said Sunday.

Unlike France and the US, Britain has not conducted airstrikes against Syria, amid a public wearied by British involvement in the Iraq war of 2003, politicians skeptical of the efficacy of bombing there, and a nation generally looking inward.

But Mr. Cameron has stirred the debate, warning the population that the new degree of planning and coordination – as well as ambition for mass causalities – seen by IS in Paris makes the UK more vulnerable.

British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said Monday, according to local media reports, that his government will try to win anew parliamentary support for airstrikes in Syria. But Mr. Rogan in Oxford says it will be an uphill battle to convince politicians that joining a bombing campaign will not squander their diplomatic potential, which many see as the more important role for Britain in Syria.

Some have even called for NATO’s Article 5 to be invoked, which declares that all members join forces if one NATO member is attacked. But Sven Biscop, the director of the Europe in the World program at the Egmont – Royal Institute for International Relations in Brussels, a think tank associated with Belgian Foreign Affairs ministry, says there is no need to put a “NATO flag in the Middle East,"" he says. ""It will contribute to image of this being a crusade.”

Instead he says that long-term plans from Vienna and private talks between the West and Russia and allies is where the solutions will be found. This will help bolster support for more troops from countries in the surrounding region as well as help garner pressure on issues like Saudi Arabia financing. “This is where we need the acceleration,” he says.

There are still concerns that the US-Russia rivalry in Syria could scuttle diplomacy and turn Syria into a cold war-style proxy war.

The issue of Assad, and whether he might be allowed to run in new elections, remains the key obstacle. The US and all its allies insist that while Assad may be allowed to play some sort of transitional role, he must leave soon. The Russians say they are not wedded to Assad, but remain vague on when and how he might relinquish power.

That might stymie forward movement in the peace process, since most Syrian rebels have insisted they will never deal with Assad. “One of the problems at Vienna is that we still don't have any definition of 'moderate' rebels. Everyone will agree that IS and Al Qaeda must be excluded. But there are many rebels who took up arms to depose Assad, that is why they are in the field,” says Sergei Strokan, international affairs columnist with the Moscow daily Kommersant.

""It is urgently necessary to drop all the polemics, and identify those forces who might be ready to stop shooting, sit down at the negotiating table, and then participate in a provisional government. This sort of thing has happened in many places, at many times, and it's perfectly possible for Syria. But none of these groups is going to engage with Russia and come into the process until there is clarity about Assad. It's time for the Russian government to seriously address this issue,"" Mr. Strokan says.",1
1312,"New Hampshire primary results: Sanders, Trump stun U.S.","(CNN) CNN commentators offer their take on the results of the New Hampshire primary. The opinions expressed in these commentaries are those of the authors.

Timothy Stanley: U.S. politics changing before our eyes

But the big shock is John Kasich in second place. First, Jeb Bush led the moderate pack, then Marco Rubio . Now we have a third contender -- a man who ran on experience, compassionate conservatism and a refusal to sink to the lows set by Trump.

The family I watched Saturday night's debate with all said the same thing: ""I could vote for that guy."" The question is, does he have the structure and money to last longer?

What's striking from the exit polls is how even more ideological both parties are than they used to be -- representing a polarized electorate. This makes it harder for any eventual nominee to reach out to the center ground. Iowa and New Hampshire have done long-term damage.

Moderates in both parties can look forward hopefully to South Carolina -- a state that tends to prefer establishment candidates and, on the Democrat side, has a large African-American population leaning towards Hillary Clinton. Nevertheless, the strength of populist feeling is palpable.

Perhaps people are looking for generational change and substantive differences between parties. A Trump vs. Sanders race would give them both. It would also probably give them Michael Bloomberg running as an independent and one of our most divided and definitive elections since 1992.

Timothy Stanley, a conservative, is a historian and columnist for Britain's Daily Telegraph. He is the author of ""Citizen Hollywood: How the Collaboration Between L.A. and D.C. Revolutionized American Politics.""

Sally Kohn: Real test is in states that actually look like America

As a progressive commentator who leans toward Bernie Sanders, it's tempting to make even more out of his strong showing in New Hampshire than Hillary Clinton's supporters made out of her narrow win in Iowa. But the fact is that neither state is terribly reflective of the majority of our nation's voters.

New Hampshire and Iowa are whiter than the rest of the country, which calls into question their disproportionate influence in being the first to weigh in on presidential primaries. Indeed, since its founding, the United States has always given this disproportionate electoral power and political influence to white voters. Even still, in 2016.

The simple fact is that the next states to vote, South Carolina and Nevada, offer a far more accurate picture of America's demographics -- and a more realistic test for all of the candidates, especially on the Democratic side. Bernie may be giving Hillary a run for her money, especially with young white women, but can he cut into her currently commanding lead with communities of color?

And how will a voting base that reflects the pluralism of America respond to the intensely anti-pluralistic demagoguery of Donald Trump and Ted Cruz? The next votes are the real test.

Well, that was quick. As early as 8 p.m., news outlets were calling the New Hampshire primary for Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Bernie Sanders. While these outcomes were expected, these candidates will face very different trajectories ahead.

By contrast, on the Democratic side, Sanders will face a tougher road in South Carolina and Nevada. These states have significant African-American and Latino voters, respectively, two groups that have been part of Hillary Clinton's base of support. However, as the night goes on, if Sanders can increase his margin of victory in New Hampshire, he may benefit from a new round of donations -- and the growing sense that he should be taken seriously as a national challenger to Clinton.

Together, the wins by Trump and Sanders reveal that in New Hampshire at least voters are ready to upend the status quo.

On the GOP side, John Kasich has managed to pull into second place. This is a testament to his optimistic campaigning and his emphasis on old-fashioned retail politics -- perhaps showing that the barrage of attack ads that have blanketed the Granite State were not as effective as the 100+ town hall meetings that Kasich attended.

The loser seems to be Marco Rubio. He has dropped back in the pack after crumpling under Chris Christie's criticism at Saturday's debate. A sad showing for him, and a reminder that debate performances do indeed matter; CNN polling showed that 46% of Republican primary voters made up their minds in the last three days. Time for ""Robot Rubio"" to do a reset.

Even though they have been leading by wide margins in the polls, it is still hard to believe that Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump each crushed their opponents by double digits on Tuesday. New Hampshire is supposed to pick presidents, not renegade populists. It is hard to remember a key primary that has so thoroughly trashed America's political elites.

No one can be certain where the campaigns go from here. Hillary Clinton is still favored to win the Democratic nomination -- and quite possibly the general election -- but she leaves the first two contests wounded and vulnerable. Her speech last night suggested she will scramble even further left. That may help secure the nomination but risks losing support in the general election.

After his stumble in Iowa, Trump is once again the man to beat on the Republican side. But who is capable of that? Ted Cruz probably has the best chance now but enmity toward him is high in the party. John Kasich earned a chance to take on Trump but to win, he must first prove he has the chops to raise money and succeed in less-friendly territory. Jeb Bush can slog on to South Carolina but must pull off an upset there. And Marco Rubio -- well, that train seems stuck at the station.

The truth is that we just don't know where this is going, but we do know that American politics won't be the same for a long while. Until elites pay more attention to the needs of working people and our economy booms again, our politics will be volatile. That may be healthy.

The old political adage, that a week is an eternity in politics, has struck again. One week ago, Marco Rubio was on fire, riding high with his strong third-place finish in Iowa, almost overtaking Donald Trump. John Kasich came in eight with an abysmal 1.9%, and Jeb Bush didn't do much better with 2.8%. What a difference a week makes. Especially one that includes a debate.

With Rubio stumbling badly in that face off, the door was opened for the cluster of establishment candidates in the middle of the pack to take advantage. Late deciders leaning Rubio broke for Kasich, giving his campaign a much-needed shot of adrenalin. How long that lasts remains to be seen, given Kasich's lack of organization moving forward. Even Jeb Bush emerged from the doldrums with a face-saving finish in New Hampshire. Maybe Jeb should bring his mom out on the trail more often.

As for Ted Cruz, he beat expectations in a state where he wasn't supposed to do well, which bodes well for him heading into friendlier political territory in the South.

To think Donald Trump would ever win any state -- well, this is a remarkable political moment. But there's still a long way to go. Not, however, for Chris Christie. His kamikaze attack against Rubio in the last debate may have hurt the senator, but he survived -- and Christie won't. He's finished.

Donna Brazile: What Clinton must do now

Sen. Bernie Sanders was expected to win big, which meant that he had to win very big in order to truly claim victory, and he did just that. With his resounding victory in New Hampshire, Sanders will have the resources and the momentum to take this race further than anyone imagined a few months ago. Whether he can take it all the way is an open question. We will learn in the weeks and months ahead as the race now moves on to more diverse states across America.

For Hillary Clinton, who lost not only Manchester, but Concord and Keene -- cities that enabled her to defeat Barack Obama in 2008, it's time for her campaign to take stock and reset its operational structure (which includes ground game, but also its conversation with voters.) If her campaign can refocus on its strengths, it is capable of a comeback.

Bernie Sanders' victory in New Hampshire will challenge Hillary Clinton to recalibrate her message to focus on the dreams and aspirations of the left, but it must also push her to become a better campaigner.

For now, Sanders will have much higher expectations in the upcoming South Carolina, Nevada, and Super Tuesday contests. His challenge will be to show that he can outperform expectations in reaching out to a more diverse Democratic electorate.

Clinton's biggest challenge going forward will be less to defeat Bernie Sanders than it will be to inspire and motivate Americans -- especially young voters, independents and new voters -- to take a different look at her candidacy.

Donna Brazile, a CNN contributor and a Democratic strategist, is vice chairwoman for civic engagement and voter participation at the Democratic National Committee. A nationally syndicated columnist, she is an adjunct professor at Georgetown University and author of ""Cooking with Grease: Stirring the Pots in America.""

He's likely capturing some of the non-interventionist, libertarian-leaning college-aged people who last time around would have supported Ron Paul -- another septuagenarian white man with a radical streak and surprising youth cred.

Now that there isn't anyone named Paul in the race (RIP: Rand, who failed to inspire as much devotion as his father), there's no obvious inheritor of the libertarian vote, which is split among several imperfect candidates -- including avowed socialist Sanders. Ted Cruz is clearly angling for libertarian support, but his less-than-fantastic finish in the GOP contest Tuesday night suggests he couldn't convince independent-minded New Hampshire voters to overlook his dogmatic social conservativism.

Tonight's results served more as a counterpoint to Iowa's caucus results than a referendum on the actual state of the race.

In Iowa, Ted Cruz snuck out in front of The Donald by a few percentage points; Trump responded with a resounding victory in New Hampshire, beating Cruz by a far bigger margin than he'd lost the Hawkeye State. Similarly, Clinton eked out a win in Iowa over a surging Sanders, but Sanders returned serve with a much more solid victory.

And yet, because the conventions don't count victories by state, but by delegates won, these early wins (or losses) serve up more narrative sizzle than electoral steak. After all, Iowa and New Hampshire combined make up less than 4% of the total needed to win for Republicans and less than 1% for Democratic candidates.

There's plenty of race still ahead, and distracting headlines aside, it's really anybody's game on both sides of the aisle. And that doesn't even figure in the threat of Michael Bloomberg marching right down the middle of it.

Jeff Yang is a columnist for The Wall Street Journal and a frequent contributor to radio shows including Public Radio International's ""The Takeaway"" and WNYC's ""The Brian Lehrer Show."" He is the co-author of ""I Am Jackie Chan: My Life in Action"" and editor of the graphic novel anthologies ""Secret Identities"" and ""Shattered.""

Dasha Burns: What New Hampshire tells us

On the surface, it seems like we're in a country already ripping at the seams. The two parties have grown increasingly polarized, and now surprisingly powerful forces at the far edges are tearing us further. Bernie Sanders is engaging a new demographic of voters in millennials, and re-engaging disillusioned voters with his no bullsh** frankness. And Donald Trump is capitalizing on America's darkest anxieties in a deeply fearful and angry segment of the electorate.

The results of the New Hampshire primary paint a bleak picture of modern American sentiment toward the status quo. People aren't happy and they're making themselves heard through other voices -- the young are using grandpa and the fearful are using a demagogue. But enrapturing as this picture may be, it might not be an accurate one.

Like watching a bad reality show, we can all admit it's been a guilty pleasure to indulge in all the drama of this election so far. But if we turn off the TV for a second, actual reality looks a lot less sensational. Neither of these wins were a real surprise. And while the results may influence candidates' strategies, New Hampshire does little to predict the final election outcome. New Hampshire is not representative of what will happen in Nevada or South Carolina -- which have seen almost no polling -- or any of the March 1 primaries.

If tonight tells us anything, it's that we have a long way to go till November.

Dasha Burns is a writer and works as a strategist and creative content producer at Oliver Global, a consulting agency where she focuses on leveraging media and digital technology for global development.

When it was announced Tuesday night that the two candidates whose rhetoric has put them at either end of the political spectrum won the New Hampshire primaries, it confirmed one thing: We are living in a highly polarized political climate.

On the one hand, Bernie Sanders' victory signals that liberal voters want the progressive president that Barack Obama promised, but failed, to be. On the other hand, Donald Trump's victory shows that establishment Republicans failed to quash the insurgent tea party movement.

Should these far right and far left candidates in fact become the Republican and Democratic presidential candidates, independent swing voters may well just decide to stay home next November. And that will make this already surprising presidential election all the more unpredictable.",1
1061,What to watch in Saturday's Democratic contests,"(CNN) The Democratic primary race heads west this weekend -- way, way out west.

Democrats will hold presidential contests in Hawaii, Alaska and Washington state on Saturday, three states expected to be friendlier to Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders than former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton

But with Clinton leading Sanders by about 300 pledged delegates, and because none of the contests are winner-take-all, Sanders needs stunning wins in each state to give the Clinton campaign any real anxiety about the outcome of the race.

In the run-up to the votes, Sanders has left nothing to chance. His campaign has spent millions on ads in Washington, Alaska and Hawaii, including a powerful television spot featuring Hawaii Rep. Tulsi Gabbard , who resigned her position with the Democratic National Committee earlier this year to endorse Sanders.

Going into Saturday's contests, Sanders needs to net an estimated 75% of the remaining pledged delegates, while Clinton only needs 35%.

Don't be surprised if Sanders sweeps on Saturday. His campaign has received endorsements from influential players and his campaign has invested in a strong air and ground game in each state.

There are 142 total delegates at stake Saturday, 16 in Alaska, 24 in Hawaii and 101 in Washington.

All three will hold caucuses to choose delegates -- a method that has favored Sanders in the past -- instead of primaries. Alaska and Washington are also largely white and rural, demographics that typically have given Sanders a boost.

If Sanders does as expected, the headlines declaring him a winner thrice over will surely provide a gust of wind for Sanders' campaign for fundraising purposes, even if it doesn't change the calculus of the race.

Delegate math is still on Clinton's side

Clinton heads into the weekend with 1,229 pledged delegates to Sanders' 925, not counting the superdelegates. (The ""magic number"" needed to clinch the nomination is 2,383.)

So even if Sanders posts strong numbers Saturday, he still faces an uphill battle to overcome Clinton's lead. All three states dole out delegates proportionately or by county, so even if Sanders wins a majority in each, Clinton will still nab pledged delegates along the way. And because of the relatively low populations in these states, there simply aren't enough delegates on the table this weekend to make a significant dent.

Looking at the line-up ahead, this could be Sanders' final big night. The next states on the calendar, particularly New York, Pennsylvania and Maryland, where a combined 531 delegates will be up for grabs, look good for Clinton.

Nowhere on Saturday are expectations higher for Sanders than in Washington state.

Sanders has visited the state multiple times throughout his campaign, and the state's liberal urban centers have been especially welcoming of his message of ideological purity over Clinton's pragmatism.

In Seattle, which last year approved a measure to raise the city's minimum wage to $15 an hour over time, support for Sanders is especially strong. The city's largest newspaper, The Seattle Times, endorsed Sanders . He spent the week before the election touring the state, holding six rallies, including a major event at Seattle's Safeco Field the night before the caucuses. His campaign has invested $2.4 million in radio and television advertising in the state, according to Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver.

Sanders is expected to win, but with more than 100 delegates at stake, it will be imperative for him to make that win count by scooping up as many delegates as possible. His results in Washington will help set the tone for the upcoming electoral bouts.

Turnout is anticipated to be high, another factor that aids Sanders. Some 35,000 people have already voted in Washington state using absentee ballots and about 200,000 are likely to participate.

Campaigns on the ground even if candidates aren't

It's not easy to pop in and out of states like Hawaii and Alaska, and with the small number of delegates on the table, the campaigns have largely determined their time is better spent elsewhere. But that doesn't mean they aren't making plays in each using surrogates, ad buys and family visits.

In Alaska, Sanders' wife, Jane, visited Anchorage on Thursday and will remain through Saturday. Sanders' campaign has dropped at least $56,877 on radio and television spots in the state.

Clinton's campaign, meanwhile, has invested in a phone-banking effort in rural parts of Alaska, emphasizing climate change and veteran issues and expressing her opposition to a controversial Alaska mine project, according to The Anchorage Daily News. Clinton called into Alaska radio last Tuesday morning and talked about working briefly in a salmon cannery in Alaska in 1969.

Both campaigns are spending money on ads in Hawaii, although Sanders is outspending Clinton $192,680 to $54,300. Sanders this week touted his endorsement from Gabbard, a popular Hawaii Democratic lawmaker.

How states will dole out delegates

Alaska (16): Delegates will be rewarded by state House districts and determined by a caucus system. Candidates must receive at least 15% of votes in a district to be granted any delegates. The caucuses begin at 10 a.m. local time.

Washington (101): Washington uses a mixed system to appoint delegates from the caucus results by congressional district. Registered voters who attend must publicly attest to being Democrats if they want to participate in the caucuses, which begin at 10 a.m. local time.

Hawaii (25): Hawaii Democrats also hold caucuses, but unlike Alaska and Washington, it is considered a presidential preference poll and conducted by secret ballot. Delegates are doled out proportionately. Voting begins at 1 p.m. local time.",1
2566,GOP seeking Plan B on immigration,"During the campaign, Trump had threatened to impose a large tariff to keep the jobs in the United States.",1
4039,"Obama addresses human rights, ethnic divisions on final day of Kenya visit","NAIROBI, Kenya — President Obama spoke out Sunday about corruption, ethnic divisions, terrorism and human rights in a rousing televised speech on his last day in Kenya, his father's homeland.

Speaking to thousands at the Kasarani National Stadium, Obama encouraged Kenyans to “choose the path to progress” by fighting corruption and terrorism and by treating women and girls as equal citizens.

""Kenya has come so far in just my lifetime,"" said Obama, the first sitting U.S. president to visit the African nation. ""Kenya is at a crossroads, a moment filled with peril but enormous promise. Because of Kenya's progress, because of your potential, you can build your future right here, right now.""

He called for an end to ethnic divisions and described corruption in the country as a “cancer.”

""Treating women and girls as second-class citizens is a bad tradition. It's holding you back,"" he added.

Some Kenyans said they were pleased that Obama addressed human rights, ethnic divisions and equality. But for many, just seeing Obama — who was born in Hawaii but his father was from Kenya — was the main goal.

“I should be seeing President Obama live today,” said Collins Njehia, 28, a Nairobi resident camping outside the stadium before the speech. “We’ve been denied access by security officers, but I need to see him, even if it means climbing a tree.”

“Obama is our son, and we love him dearly,"" said Peninah Mwangi, a vegetable vendor in Nairobi. ""I want to make sure I see him today before he leaves.""

Many Nairobi residents tried to get to the stadium to watch the event live after officials mounted a huge screen there for those who couldn't get inside. But security measures that all but locked down the capital's streets thwarted those efforts. Some instead headed to bars and hotels to watch the speech.

Agreeing with Obama, Erick Nyariyo, a Nairobi resident, said, “This government will soon become a dictator if some issues are not dealt with,” Nyariyo said. “The government needs to control every institution in the country, including ... the electoral body so that they can rig elections.""

The Kenyan government has consistently denied allegations of election fraud.

In his address, Obama warned that ethnic and tribal divisions would lead to further cracks in the country's unity.

""Politics that's based on only tribe and ethnicity is doomed to tear a country apart,"" he said. ""It is a failure — a failure of imagination.""

“I was surprised that Obama knows everything about our country,” said Martin Kiprotich, a local leader from western Kenya, who traveled here to attend the speech in the stadium. “I’m happy because he talked about tribalism. Our nation is divided along tribal line(s), and as leaders we need to address it.”

During his three-day visit, Obama spoke to Kenyan leaders about security and terrorism before departing Sunday for Ethiopia. 



 Kenya has witnessed a rise in high-profile terror attacks over the past two years, including a 2013 assault at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi that resulted in almost 70 deaths. Al-Shabab, a Somali-based group linked to al-Qaeda, claimed responsibility for the mall attack and another attack this year at a university in Garissa in eastern Kenya that killed almost 150 people, mostly students. The extremist group said the attacks were in retaliation for Kenya military action against them in Somalia.

Obama told Kenyans that while security measures must be strengthened, the war on terror must be approached while respecting the rule of law and human rights. Some Muslims cheered at his message, saying that they are always targeted after every terror attack in Kenya.

Nazlin Umar Fazaldin Rajput, head of the National Muslim Council of Kenya, said: ""The oppression Muslims face in Kenya are (outrageous). People are persecuted, unlawfully detained for prolonged periods, maliciously arrested (and) prosecuted with trumped-up charges.""

David Juma, 29, a businessman who owns a dairy farm, said, “I am inspired by Obama’s story. It does not matter where you were born. Anyone can move from scratch to becoming a great leader like him. His speech has changed my life forever.”",1
1886,Candidates struggle with Iraq political quagmire,"Washington (CNN) If you're running for President, get used to becoming hung up over Iraq.

Because barring a miracle, whoever wins the White House will become the fifth consecutive American president ensnared by a nation that has consumed trillions of U.S. dollars and thousands of American lives. It has also blighted a string of high-flying political careers.

If the last week on the 2016 campaign trail has proved anything, it's that American politics is still nowhere near purged of the bitter political divides of a war undertaken 12 turbulent years ago, somewhat like the Vietnam War that reverberated through successive presidencies.

Leading Republican candidates have suddenly been tripped up by the most basic question -- was President George W. Bush right to invade Iraq way back in 2003? And no doubt Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton will yet again have to answer for the vote she cast in favor of the war while in the Senate.

The American entanglement with Iraq started under President George H.W. Bush when Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein marched into Kuwait in 1989, evolved into a standoff and occasional air strikes under President Bill Clinton and erupted into a full-scale invasion under George W. Bush.

And now under President Barack Obama a quarter of a century later, America's misadventure in the fractured Middle Eastern nation has transformed into a slog against the bloodthirsty Sunni radicals of ISIS.

With no end in sight.

Senior administration officials have already admitted that the fight against ISIS will go beyond the current presidency -- in the process hinting at one of the great disappointments of the Obama era.

In 20 months, the President who was elected perhaps more than anything else to end the Iraq war, will bequeath to his successor a new phase of that same intractable conflict.

Despite declaring the war over -- and bringing home the last U.S. soldier in December 2011 -- Obama has been sucked back in. Just this weekend, an ISIS surge into the key Iraqi city of Ramadi and a U.S. Special Operations raid into Syria to kill one of the group's top leaders have shown that American involvement has not ended, and that the engagement is proceeding without any clear sign of victory.

Iraq's enduring power to confound American presidents -- and to reverberate in successive presidential campaigns -- is a reminder that when America goes to war abroad, anything but a swift, clear-cut victory unleashes an unpredictable cascade of political consequences at home.

""Failed wars always hurt the president fighting them, but also continue to impact the party of the presidency for decades after they are gone,"" said Julian Zelizer, a professor of history at Princeton University.

Iraq has become a political issue akin to Vietnam, as politicians seize on the aftermath of an inconclusive war to eviscerate their rivals' handling of foreign policy.

Democrats make a case that the 2003 invasion invalidated an entire school of Republican political thought -- neoconservatism -- and say the war proves the GOP cannot be trusted with U.S. national security.

Republicans meanwhile insist the war was all but won in 2009 by Bush's belated troop surge and blame Obama for being more concerned with honoring a political promise to end the war than the reality of the deeply unstable nation he left behind.

Still, Mark Atwood Lawrence, professor of history at the University of Texas at Austin, argues that political fallout from the Iraq war could prove to be less radioactive than that of Vietnam, which took decades to play itself out.

One reason for that is the bipartisan consensus now forming that the war was a mistake given that Hussein's weapons of mass destruction -- used as a justification for war -- did not exist.

It's perhaps a surprise that politicians took so long to catch up to this predominant view given that citizens made up their minds long ago.

In a New York Times/CBS News poll last year, 75% of those asked said the Iraq war was not worth the loss of American lives. The findings are consistent with other opinion surveys.

The GOP reluctance to criticize the decision to go to war stems in part from the candidates' desire not to alienate conservative primary voters thirsting for tough-talking foreign policy. And calling the war a mistake raises the treacherous question of whether the deaths of more than 4,000 U.S. troops were a waste.

But it still perplexed many political insiders that it took former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush a week of painfully groping for answers to come up with a satisfactory, and some believed obvious, response: that had he known then that U.S. intelligence on Iraq's weapons of mass destruction was flawed, he would not have gone to war in 2003.

Jeb Bush was at least trapped between his own political fortunes and loyalty to his brother. But Republican candidate Marco Rubio, a Florida senator, had no such family ties to blame for his trouble putting to rest questions about his views on the topic. Rubio got into a heated dispute on Fox News Sunday after denying that he had flip-flopped by now concluding that the Iraq war was a mistake.

Their apparent confusion has provided an opening for fellow Republican Rand Paul, a Kentucky senator and presidential candidate, to renew his argument for a foreign policy derided by critics as isolationist but in tune with the majority of voters who now view the Iraq war as a mistake.

Paul said at a GOP dinner in Iowa this past weekend that the notion that the Iraq war should never have been fought is ""a valid question, not just because we're talking about history, but we are talking about the Middle East, where history repeats itself.""

It isn't only Republicans who are vulnerable on the issue. Hillary Clinton needs no reminder of the capacity of Iraq to crush political dreams, after her 2002 Senate vote to authorize the Iraq war cost her primary support and paved Obama's way to the presidency.

Clinton, conscious of the consequences of admitting her judgment on national security was flawed, never said during her 2008 White House bid that her Senate vote on Iraq was a mistake.

But in last year's book ""Hard Choices,"" in which she provided a blueprint for how supporters could defend her record, she was much more clear.

""I got it wrong. Plain and simple,"" she wrote.

Some U.S. foreign policy veterans are warning that the political debate in Washington is hampering hopes of meeting the challenge to U.S. security posed by ISIS and finally closing America's book on Iraq. Where once it was politically difficult to oppose the use of force in Iraq, now that position has become toxic.

""Now Iraq poses a threat -- it didn't 10 years ago,"" said James Rubin, an assistant secretary of state under Clinton, referring to ISIS and its efforts to export its ideology and terror tactics to the West.

""It's a shame that the politics, the pendulum of our political system, has swung so far to the other direction that our President and others are not prepared to take some modest steps to defeat a genuine threat, not the fake threat that was exaggerated 10 years ago,"" Rubin told CNN.",1
3261,GOP’s Supreme Court blowback: The Republicans’ case for obstruction is bad and getting worse,"Orrin Hatch, one of the senior Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee, is on a one-man mission to save the American judiciary. As Hatch sees it, this branch of government is under terrible and imminent threat from a malign force that threatens to undermine its legitimacy and corrode the foundations of American democracy. What evil power could produce such menacing terror? What fantastical horror can possibly align itself against the institutions of American justice?

In a Bloomberg Op-Ed this week, Hatch writes about a harrowing experience he went through at the “monthly lunch meeting” of “a well-respected legal organization.” He had been invited there to discuss the Supreme Court vacancy left by the late Antonin Scalia, when, without warning, a group of protesters “holding professionally printed signs” began chanting “do your job” at the senator. They were protesting the decision by Hatch and other Republican leaders to deny President Obama’s nominee to replace Scalia, appeals court Judge Merrick Garland, a confirmation hearing.

As Hatch writes, those protesters and their suspiciously well-printed signs were all the confirmation he needed that obstructing Garland’s nomination is the right thing to do:

Now that a majority of states have held presidential primaries, and as this hostile election cycle turns from those contests to general election, organized disruptions of any thoughtful discussion about the Supreme Court will only intensify. Make no mistake: These protesters are not interested in seeing the Senate take seriously its constitutional duty to provide advice about, and determine whether to give or withhold consent to, a consequential Supreme Court nomination. They care little about the Senate operating as a check and balance to the executive branch and instead simply insist that the Republican-led Senate do what progressive activists want and rubber-stamp a presidential appointment.

Ah, the beauty of motivated reasoning. Hatch and his buddies shut down the nominating process because they claims they’re concerned about politicization, and when Hatch is protested for adopting this controversial stance, he claims justification by pointing to the political reaction he provoked. “The liberal left is seeking to bully the Republican-led Senate into ignoring its constitutional responsibilities and further destroying our nation’s delicate system of checks and balances,” Hatch concludes. “I am more resolved than ever to move forward with the confirmation process only after this toxic election season is over.”

This is a variation of the argument Judiciary Committee chairman Sen. Chuck Grassley made a couple of weeks ago when he lashed out at the president and the Democrats for trying to “score as many political points as possible” by putting forth a nominee and demanding a hearing. Both Hatch and Grassley want to obstruct the nominating process and make it seem like the reaction to their obstruction – protests and the routine business of governing – is the real abuse of power. It’s too clever by half: if they’d allow hearings to go forward, the “politicization” they’re complaining about from Democrats and liberals wouldn’t be happening. Just as significant as the weakness of their arguments is the fact that they keep having to go back to the well to defend their position. Blocking a Supreme Court nomination for the length of time Republicans have in mind was never going to be an easy sell politically, but they determined that it would be worth a little political trouble to prevent Obama from getting another court pick. But they’re already absorbing a ton of damage over this, and cracks are forming in the obstructionist wall. Vulnerable blue-state Republican senators like Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania are running into angry constituents and are being forced to break with the Republican leadership. Toomey said this week that he’ll agree to a meeting with Garland “out of courtesy and respect for both the president and the judge.” Others, like Sen. Jerry Moran of Kansas, are stating outright that Garland should get his hearing and his vote. “I would rather have you complaining to me that I voted wrong on nominating somebody than saying I’m not doing my job,” Moran told constituents this week. These arguments from Republican senators run directly counter to the leadership’s position, which is that the “courteous” and “respectful” action is to deny Garland any consideration until after the election, and that the “job” of the Republican Senate is to protect the judiciary from the deleterious effects of election-year confirmation hearings. So while Orrin Hatch may twist himself in knots to argue that a bunch of protesters ruining his fancy D.C. lunch meeting is proof that he’s right to block the Garland nomination, what it really shows is that the Republicans’ obstructionist plan is going to be far more painful politically than they hoped.",1
3459,Looking for clues to Supreme Court’s final rulings in Ginsburg’s good mood,"Those who came to Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s appearance at the American Constitution Society’s convention Saturday night looking for clues about how the court would decide its important remaining cases didn’t find much more than this:

She certainly seemed in a good mood.

The Supreme Court in the next two weeks will announce whether the Affordable Care Act survives a challenge to the subsidies that millions of people use to purchase health insurance, and whether gay couples have a legal right to marry nationwide.

In a gentle interview with her former law clerk and now California Supreme Court Justice Goodwin Liu, there was no discussion of Obamacare.

Asked about the public’s rapid acceptance of gay rights, she repeated her view that it was a natural response to gay Americans being more open about their sexuality.

“Gay people stood up and said, ‘This is who I am,’” Ginsburg said, and Americans saw that the person was a neighbor, a child’s best friend or maybe even their own children. They were “people we know and love and respect.”

As she was speaking, the gay pride parade was rolling through downtown just a few blocks away, and the Capital Hilton, where the ACS was meeting, was flying a rainbow flag just below Old Glory.

“The court is not a popularity contest, and it should never be influenced by today’s headlines,” Ginsburg said. But she added that it “inevitably it will be affected by the climate of the era.

“I think that’s part of the explanation of why the gay rights movement has advanced to where it is today — the climate of the era.”

Conservatives have criticized Ginsburg for such comments while the court is considering whether the Constitution forbids states from limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples. Ginsburg has officiated at several same-sex marriages in places where the unions are legal, leading some to call for her recusal from the case.

There was no criticism from a ballroom packed with the liberal legal establishment and adoring law students who Liu noted regard the leader of the court’s left wing as an icon.

Liu showed slides of T-shirts celebrating the Notorious RBG, as the popular Tumblr account has dubbed her. Another says “You Can’t Spell Truth Without Ruth.”

“It’s amazing,” agreed Ginsburg, who was 60 when she joined the court. “An icon at 82.”

Ginsburg said law clerks had to explain that her new nickname was based on the late rapper the Notorious B.I.G., but she noted that they were both “born and bred in Brooklyn.”

Next month the opera “Scalia/Ginsburg,” based on her relationship with her friend and antagonist Justice Antonin Scalia, will get its premiere. And she talked about an upcoming movie that will star Natalie Portman and focus on Ginsburg’s work as a crusading feminist lawyer. At its center will be a gender discrimination case she took on with her late husband, Martin Ginsburg.

Portman told the justice that the project was briefly delayed, Ginsburg said, because the actress had insisted that the director be a woman.",1
657,Too Soon? Media Declares Clinton the Presumptive Nominee,"The news media has preempted Tuesday's Democratic presidential primaries, declaring Hillary Clinton the winner.

According to The Associated Press, the former secretary of state has the 2,383 delegates needed to clinch her party's nomination, with superdelegates putting her over the top before today's primaries even begin.

""We have a really important election now,"" Clinton said.

Still, she urged voters to head to the polls in the six states set to vote Tuesday, including the biggest, California.

""We're going to come out of the primary even stronger to take on Donald Trump,"" she told supporters.

Meanwhile, Bernie Sanders' campaign is accusing the media of rushing to judgment.

""It is wrong to count the votes of superdelegates before they actually vote at the convention this summer. Secretary Clinton does not have and will not have the requisite number of pledged delegates to secure the nomination,"" Sanders' spokesperson Michael Briggs said in a statement.

The superdelegates will not actually vote until July 25, and Sanders promises to spend the time until then convincing them that he is the stronger candidate.

Although the Vermont senator may be on his way out whether he's ready to admit it or not, he's leaving a lasting impact, pushing the Democratic Party left on economic issues and trying to change the party's platform on Israel.

Sanders would like the platform to include explicit references to the alleged Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands, recognizing a Palestinian state.

He's already named some pro-Palestinian representatives to the platform committee, including those who support the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement.

The movement aims to delegitimize the Jewish state. Pro-Israel Democrats say those changes in the party's platform would be dead on arrival.

But there are some indications the party's grassroots activists are already moving toward the Palestinian side and away from Israel.

A recent Pew Research Center analysis shows that for the first time in a decade the percentage of liberal Democrats sympathizing with Palestinians is greater than those aligning with Israel.

That division could ultimately lead to a fight at the Democratic National Convention to determine where the party's support lies.

But even if that doesn't happen, the split could be an indication that the Democrats may be moving toward more support for Palestinians and possibly less for Israel in the future.",1
3188,"It’s Cruz, not Trump, who looks more like favorite to win GOP nomination","The Iowa caucuses are seven weeks away. Donald Trump is still the Republican front-runner. Sen. Marco Rubio is, for now, the establishment’s best (only?) hope. And Sen. Ted Cruz is the guy who looks best positioned to win.

Yes, you heard that right.

Cruz (R-Tex.), as of today, has the most direct route to the Republican presidential nomination — assuming that the past history of GOP nomination fights works as a broad predictor of where the 2016 race is headed.

1. Cruz is positioned as the most conservative candidate in the race. Although Trump gets all the attention for his over-the-top statements, Cruz has staked out a position on the far right on virtually every major hot-button issue, including immigration, Obamacare, national security and the fight against the Islamic State militant group. And, tonally, Cruz comes across as aggressively and unapologetically conservative — a less controversial and more electable version of real estate magnate Trump.

A Washington Post-ABC News November poll showed that Cruz’s numbers are in the stratosphere among voters who identify themselves as “very” conservative; 69 percent had a favorable opinion of him while just 21 percent regarded him in an unfavorable light.

In a Republican primary — particularly one in which the GOP electorate is mad at everyone (including those in their own party) for an alleged lack of commitment to conservative principles — being the guy all the way on the ideological right is a very, very good thing.

2. Cruz has raised the second-most money in the Republican race. Bet you didn’t know that! Yes, former Florida governor Jeb Bush is by far and away the fundraising leader in the race. Not only did we know that would be the case, but we also now know that it has done him, roughly, zero good. Cruz’s money, on the other hand, is — or at least was — unexpected.

Cruz’s $65 million raised is all the more impressive because, unlike Bush, who raised the vast majority of his money with the support of his Right to Rise super PAC, Cruz has a relatively even balance between the funds raised for his campaign committee ($26.5 million) and those collected by a universe of supportive super PACs ($38 million). Having so much money in his campaign account means that Cruz will get more bang for his buck, because candidates get the lowest unit rate on TV ad buying while super PACs have to pay full freight for their airtime.

Cruz’s money is also what separates him from other candidates who secured the mantle of “most conservative candidate in the primary.” Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee and former senator from Pennsylvania Rick Santorum won the Iowa caucuses during past campaigns — more on Cruz and Iowa below — but they were unable to capitalize on that win or sustain their support because they had so little money.

Cruz is the best-case scenario for those who want to see a movement conservative nominated: He’s of the conservative movement but has the fundraising ability of an establishment Republican.

3. Cruz is the Iowa front-runner. Recent history makes clear that you need to win one of the first three states — Iowa, New Hampshire or South Carolina — to have a realistic chance of being the party’s nominee. (Remember how well former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani’s “wait until Florida” strategy worked in 2008? Thought so.)

Cruz is emerging rapidly as the favorite in Iowa’s caucuses. Three polls released in the past five days put Cruz at the front of the pack in Iowa — including the influential (and almost always right) Des Moines Register survey, which had the senator from Texas 10 points clear of Trump.

Winning Iowa would give Cruz momentum going into New Hampshire — where he currently sits at third — and into South Carolina, a state, like Iowa, whose Republican primary electorate is quite socially conservative.

4. The calendar beyond the Big 3 favors Cruz. Winning one of the first three states is almost certainly the way a candidate makes it to March. But assuming Cruz can win Iowa (at least), the calendar starts to look very favorable to him beyond February. On March 1, what’s being referred to as the “SEC primary” takes place; Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Tennessee and Texas will vote on that first Tuesday in March.

It’s difficult to handicap how those states might play out because of how much the first three states in the past have influenced who stays in the race and what their poll numbers look like. Still, Cruz’s profile as the one true constitutional conservative in the race, coupled with his Southern roots and his fundraising, should make for an attractive package for voters going to the polls that day.

The next big primary day is two weeks later, on March 15, when Florida, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina and Ohio vote. There are less obvious wins in those states for Cruz, but he would almost certainly run well in North Carolina and Missouri under any circumstance and might do well in the other three states depending on who else was left in the contest.

Yes, Cruz has weaknesses — most notably that he has shown little ability to appeal beyond his conservative base and that he is far less likable than, say, Rubio, if it comes down to a one-on-one fight between the two. Rubio of Florida is also trying to make an issue of Cruz’s immigration stance — insisting that Cruz has less of a hard line on the issue than he lets on.

But Trump (being Trump) and Rubio (what early state does he win?) also have problems. And Cruz’s strengths are considerable, particularly when you consider how these races typically play out.

Cruz has begun his ascent up the early state and national polls at just about the right time. (The race will go into deep freeze from around next week through the beginning of 2016.) His campaign is perfectly positioned to make him the last man standing. Believe it.",1
5004,Tim Kaine defends Clinton and says she's learned from email 'mistake',"Hillary Clinton’s running mate, Tim Kaine, defended her from accusations of dishonesty on Sunday, after her inconsistent answers about emails, her rival Donald Trump and new polls raised the question of trustworthiness in the minds of voters.

Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state has continued to haunt her, even after an FBI investigation cleared her of criminal wrongdoing. In an interview recorded on Friday, her vice-presidential pick was asked to account for the false or inconsistent statements she has made on the subject over the last year.

Kaine did not directly address Clinton’s struggle to restore trust with voters, arguing instead on NBC’s Meet the Press that she “did a great job telling her story” in a speech at the Democratic national convention last week, which meant “folks are getting reintroduced to that story in a positive way”.

Clinton has, however, also stumbled in the wake of the convention. Last week, she told the Fox News host Chris Wallace that the FBI director, James Comey, “said my answers [about email practices] were truthful, and what I’ve said is consistent with what I have told the American people”.

Comey said there was no evidence Clinton lied to the FBI and declined to judge her various remarks to the public. Last month he excoriated her for her “extremely careless” email practices and highlighted facts that contradicted her claims, though he found no evidence of intentional or criminal wrongdoing.

On Friday, Clinton said she “may have short-circuited” in her statements about Comey and the emails. On NBC, Kaine defended her, saying her answer may have emerged from a misunderstanding.

“I thought her answers in that setting were truthful,” Kaine said, adding that Wallace “might have been asking her a different question”.

“The bottom line is this,” Kaine continued. “She made a mistake and she said over and over again, ‘I made a mistake, and I’ve learned from it, and I’m going to fix it, and I apologize for it.’”

Kaine also promised greater access to Clinton, who had gone more than 240 days without a press conference before an event on Friday at which she took a handful of questions from pre-selected journalists. “I know that this is something that she’s learned from, and we’re going to be real transparent, absolutely,” Kaine said.

At a Saturday night rally in New Hampshire, Trump gleefully seized on Clinton’s “short-circuited” remark. “I think the people of this country don’t want somebody that’s going to short-circuit up here,” Trump said, pointing to his head. “Not as your president, not as your president.”

He added: “She’s a totally unhinged person. She’s unbalanced. All you have to do is watch her, see her, read about her.”



Clinton’s campaign has made Trump’s temperament a central issue, highlighting erratic actions including a sudden trip to promote a golf course in Scotland during the UK’s Brexit referendum and angry outbursts toward women, minorities and, most recently, the family of a Muslim American army captain killed in Iraq. This week, Barack Obama, who has endorsed Clinton, called Trump “unfit” and “woefully unprepared” to be president.

Trump tried to flip the argument on to Clinton on Saturday, labelling her a “dangerous liar”, “the queen of corruption” and “Hillary Rotten Clinton”, a pun on her maiden name, Rodham. “My whole life has been about winning. I win,” he said. “She can’t win. She’s not a winner. She can’t win.”

The perception of untrustworthiness has shadowed Clinton through three decades on the national stage: even in 1996, while she was first lady, the New Yorker explored the question of why she inspired vitriol and distrust. On Sunday, a new ABC/Washington Post poll found that nearly two in three voters believe Clinton is “too willing to bend the rules”. Six in 10 believe she is not honest.

But Clinton has managed to sway some Americans, at least relative to Trump. Both candidates are historically disliked, and a majority still have an unfavorable opinion of Clinton. But the proportion has shrunk to 52% in the latest poll, with a move to 46% favorable, a major gain since the Democratic convention.

In contrast, 61% of people polled had an unfavorable opinion of Trump, versus 36% who liked him. About 60% of respondents said Clinton had the qualifications and temperament to be president, while almost 66% said Trump lacked the temperament or a good understanding of international affairs. The new poll also saw 49% of respondents find Clinton “more honest and trustworthy” than Trump, compared to 40% who felt the opposite.

In two swing states, Virginia and Nevada, Trump’s polling numbers have fallen: he faces a stark 12-point deficit in the former and a two-point gap in the latter, according to a new YouGov poll. In Arizona, a state that has voted Democratic once in nearly 70 years but has a growing Hispanic population, his lead has slipped to 44% to 42%.

Trump’s broader polling numbers have plummeted in a period during which, among other controversies, he again refused to release his taxes, insulted the family of a war hero, claimed that Russia had not invaded Ukraine – two years after it had, said his daughter should “find another company” if sexually harassed and briefly claimed to have seen a nonexistent video of cash shipments to Iran.

Republicans have tried to tie Clinton’s foreign policy to that money, $400m owed to pre-revolutionary Iran for a failed arms deal in the 1970s, describing it as “ransom” for hostages who were freed in January, around the time of delivery and sanctions relief for a nuclear arms deal. Clinton began tentative nuclear talks with Iran but the money dispute predated her and was concluded by her successor as secretary of state, John Kerry, who also oversaw the hostage release.

On Sunday, Trump surrogates pursued the party line. Kaine, a member of the Senate foreign relations committee, deflected such criticism, saying: “We don’t negotiate for hostages.”

He added: “The settlement of a claim with Iran, the payment of a portion of that settlement, hostages coming home, thank God, this was briefed to Congress and the American public months ago.”",1
35,Arizona first in nation to require patients be informed of abortion-reversal option,"Arizona will become the first state in the nation to require doctors to tell patients that abortions may be reversible, under a controversial bill that deals with an equally controversial method.

The highly debated abortion-reversal procedure is done to try and reverse the effects of the so-called abortion pill. It involves a woman being injected with progesterone to counteract the effects of mifepristone – a.k.a., the abortion pill.

Doctors say a patient must undergo the hormone treatment within 72 hours of taking the pill if she decides to keep her baby.

“Women who have initiated a medical abortion process and who change their minds for whatever reason should not have their babies stolen from them because Planned Parenthood or any abortionist withheld life-saving facts or withheld information,” anti-abortion advocate Dr. Allan Sawyer said in testimony before the legislature.

The relatively new procedure was pioneered by Dr. George Delgado, the medical director of California-based non-profit Culture of Life Family Services. He co-authored the first-ever medical literature detailing how progesterone could reverse an abortion in 2007.

That same year, his organization completed its first successful reversal.

“I received a call about a woman who had taken mifepristone, RUU 486, and changed her mind. She wanted help and I offered it,” he told Fox News. “Then I received calls from across the country of doctors and others seeking advice. In 2012, we established Abortion Pill Reversal and its attendant website and hotline.”

News eventually spread to Arizona Republican state Sen. Nancy Barto, who included the provision about disclosing information on abortion reversals as part of broader insurance legislation to prevent women who receive federal subsidies under Affordable Care Act exchanges from being able to buy optional abortion coverage with their plans.

Ducey signed the legislation Monday evening, but stayed mum on the abortion reversal provision, which would require doctors to inform patients about the option when they seek access to the abortion pill.

""The American people overwhelmingly oppose taxpayer funding of abortions, and it's no different in Arizona, where we have long-standing policy against subsidizing them with public dollars,"" Ducey said in a statement. ""This legislation provides clarity to state law.""

Critics of the bill have been vocal in their disappointment.

""Instead of delivering on his campaign promises to reduce the negative stigma our state has taken on because of extreme and out-of-touch politics, Gov. Ducey has put Arizona once again in the national spotlight for interfering in the medical decisions of women,"" Planned Parenthood of Arizona President Bryan Howard said in a statement.

Opponents also say there isn’t enough documented evidence on abortion reversals.

“We like to practice medicine that is evidenced based, and unfortunately the protocol that has been suggested for reversing a medication abortion has no evidence to support it,” Dr. Ilana Addis said in testimony against the bill.

But Delgado says his organization has a success rate of 60 percent, with 87 births since 2007 and 75 women currently still pregnant after successful reversals.

“There have been negative reactions from those who seem to have an agenda and can’t seem to imagine that a woman might change her mind after taking mifepristone … [but] many are relieved to know they have a second chance,” Delgado said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Aalia Shaheed is part of the Junior Reporter program at Fox News. Get more information on the program here and follow them on Twitter: @FNCJrReporters",1
646,Clinton clinches Democratic nomination – Sanders vows to fight on,"Hillary Clinton clinched the Democratic presidential nomination Tuesday night, becoming the first woman in American history to top the ticket of a major political party and putting immediate pressure on primary rival Bernie Sanders to step aside – though the Vermont senator vowed to keep fighting for “every delegate.”

Fox News projected Tuesday that Clinton will win an outright majority of pledged delegates, while reaching the 2,383 necessary to clinch the nomination with help from free-agent “superdelegates.”

As Clinton now launches a general election battle against presumptive rival Donald Trump, Sanders remained defiant at an early Wednesday morning rally in Los Angeles, where he awaited results of the California primary, which Fox News has yet to call. The results of the California vote could weigh heavily on Sanders' decision whether to go forward.

Meanwhile, Fox News confirmed early Wednesday that Sanders was planning to lay off more than half his campaign staff.

Far from bowing out, however, he vowed to campaign through the final primary next Tuesday in Washington, D.C., and then “take our fight for social, economic, racial and environmental justice to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,” the site of the convention.

The crowd erupted in cheers as Sanders announced he’d keep going, a decision he kept close to the vest right up until his remarks.

Sanders closed by declaring: “Thank you all, the struggle continues.”

In a potential move toward reconciliation, however, the White House revealed that President Obama called both Clinton and Sanders Tuesday night – and plans to meet with Sanders at the White House on Thursday, to discuss ""how to build on the extraordinary work he has done to engage millions of Democratic voters.""

Clinton earlier claimed victory over Sanders – after attaining the delegates needed to claim the nomination outright with a New Jersey primary win – during a lofty speech to supporters in Brooklyn.

Marking the historic moment, Clinton said: “This campaign is about making sure there are no ceilings, no limits on any of us.”



 She also congratulated Sanders, calling his campaign and the debate he brought about income inequality good for the party – while also saying this is a moment to “come together.”

Eight years to the day after she conceded to rival Barack Obama in the 2008 Democratic primary, the former first lady and secretary of state became the presumptive 2016 nominee with the help of delegates in New Jersey. She won the state's primary, and with it enough delegates to easily surpass the 2,383 needed to clinch the nomination. She also is projected to win New Mexico and South Dakota.

Sanders' vow to stay in the race was based on his belief that his campaign could sway enough of Clinton's superdelegates to force a contested convention. Superdelegates are free to support any candidate and do not technically vote for a nominee until the Democratic National Convention next month. Pledged delegates, however, are bound to support the candidate who won the primary or caucus.

Fox News projects that with the delegates Clinton is winning in California, she will have won a majority of all pledged delegates at the Democratic convention -- making it more difficult for Sanders to argue she’s winning only because of support from superdelegates.

Sanders did notch projected wins Tuesday in North Dakota’s Democratic caucuses and the Montana primary. A total of six states were voting Tuesday.

On the GOP side, Donald Trump -- the only major Republican left in the race – was projected to win the primaries in California, Montana, New Jersey, South Dakota and New Mexico. Trump also surpassed a new milestone in the primary contest Tuesday night, winning enough bound delegates alone to clinch the GOP nomination.

Marking his victories during remarks at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., Trump said: “Tonight, we close one chapter in history and we begin another.”

Previewing the general election battle, he slammed the Clintons, alleging they “turned the politics of personal enrichment into an art form for themselves.” He also appealed to Sanders supporters, saying, “We welcome you with open arms.”

Clinton, in her victory speech, also took shots at Trump, claiming he would “take America backwards.”

“The stakes in this election are high, and the choice is clear. Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president,” she said.

The contests Tuesday largely conclude one of the most unpredictable and rowdy primary seasons in modern history – one that saw a brash billionaire clear through a formidable field of 16 rivals to defy the pundits and claim the GOP nomination, and the front-runner on the Democratic side locked in a fight to the end against a socialist-leaning senator from Vermont.

Primary season formally ends next week when the District of Columbia holds its Democratic contest.

Even before Tuesday’s races, both parties effectively had their presumptive nominees. Trump clinched the nomination last month as late support from unbound delegates put him over the top, and his remaining rivals suspended their campaigns. The Associated Press declared Monday night that Clinton had hit the 2,383-delegate mark, thanks to a burst of support from free-agent superdelegates.

But unlike Trump, Clinton’s last remaining rival has not exited the race.

“There is nothing to concede,” Sanders said in a TV interview Monday night.

Sanders also had said he’d “assess” his plans after Tuesday’s elections, as he heads home to Burlington, but gave no indications of having second thoughts during his Los Angeles rally.

The Democratic Party pressure on him, however, is sure to mount in a matter of days, if not hours. Obama reportedly is planning to get behind Clinton and start campaigning for her, and senior Democrats have been voicing mounting frustration with Sanders’ campaign.

At the same time, the senator has touted general election polls suggesting he may be better positioned to go up against Trump in the fall. Over the course of the campaign, he mounted an unexpectedly strong challenge to Clinton, buoyed by the support of young and energetic voters whose enthusiasm at times echoed the spirit behind Barack Obama’s bid in 2008. Clinton was dogged all along by questions about her private email use while secretary of state – and a still-ongoing FBI investigation – though Sanders largely steered clear of the issue in his campaign.

Trump, by contrast, will have no compunction about hammering Clinton for what he describes as “criminal” activity with her email use, as well as controversies surrounding her work as secretary of state -- in particular her role in the Benghazi terrorist attack that took the life of four Americans, including Ambassador Chris Stevens. Trump gave a preview of his attack strategy Tuesday night, ripping Clinton's use of a ""totally illegal private server.""

Yet even as Trump has seen all 16 of his rivals fade away, he’s still struggling in a historic way to unite the GOP behind him. The tensions flared again this week as leading Republicans condemned his comments that a federal judge of Mexican heritage had a conflict of interest in a Trump University case. On Tuesday, House Speaker Paul Ryan called it the “textbook definition of a racist comment,” while other Republican lawmakers condemned his comments.",1
1529,The 10 most bald-faced lies from the final Republican debate of 2015,"Another GOP debate, another steaming pile of half-truths, lies and pseudo-facts. The Republican Party seems to be almost entirely post-truth at this point, and if you call them out, you’re the liberal media! It’s a brilliant racket and one that led us to the current state of affairs where facts aren’t just dispensable, but a political liability. Without further ado, here are the top lies and distortions from tonight’s debate.

A popular refrain in the wake of the Paris and San Bernadino attacks is that the U.S. government (or more specifically President Obama) cannot properly vet Syrian refugees. This has been repeatedly debunked as hysterical posturing, yet remains a popular trope among the far right. In addition to a rather thorough takedown by John Oliver two weeks ago, PoliticoFact rated this claim, “Mostly False” in its detailed analysis this evening.

This is an old canard, and one that even nominally lefty outlets like Vox like to push, but it has little to do with reality. In an effort to shore up his neocon credentials, Rubio has doubled down on regime change in Syria while other GOP candidates like Paul and Cruz – as well as Bernie Sanders – have run away from this position. To do this Rubio has pushed the conspiracy theory that the reason ISIS grew in Syria is because the U.S. didn’t back the rebels opposed to Assad when in fact the CIA, according to documents revealed by Edward Snowden, spent $1 billion a year arming, funding and assisting the opposition.

A popular trope among the nativist wing of the Republican Party (aka the Republican Party), the bogus stat that 25% of Muslins support violence is thrown around quite often. But it originates from noted Islamophobic “think tank” Center for Security Policy. As the New York Times notes:

Mr. Trump vouched for the group at a rally on Monday night. But the poll — conducted by the Polling Company, a Republican firm — is in no way truly representative of all Muslim Americans because of its methodology. The poll was not based on a random sample, but included only people who chose to participate, and therefore is not representative of the population being studied. In addition, some of the questions were leading and biased.

4. Chris Christie insists he was appointed U.S. Attorney on Sept 10, 2001.

Why does Christie keep repeating this lie? It’s been debunked several times and it’s a matter of public record. It’s a great soundbite to be sure, and if true, would put Christie in the heart of the most significant foreign policy crisis of the past 20 years. But the reality is that George W. Bush nominated Christie on Dec. 7, 2001, as one can clearly see from a White House press release.

Geroge W. Bush deported 1.8 million people. Obama deported 2 million. It’s unclear where Cruz is getting this number from. 6. Donald Trump keeps saying he self-funds, but we know that’s demonstrably false. This is another assertion that’s completely disproven and easily searchable online (which raises the question of why CNN hasn’t bothered doing this). Trump has received, according to the last available FEC filings, upward of $3.9 million from individual donors compared to using only $101,000 of his own money. How does this fit with his “self-funded” narrative? It’s unclear, but perhaps a more urgent question is why would any sane person donate money to someone who claims to have over $10 billion? 7. Moderator lie: CNN’s Wolf Blitzer claimed terrorism fears are higher than they’ve been since 9/11. That’s not true. A recent Gallup poll shows terrorism fears have spiked recently, but are the same as in 2005 and nowhere near as high as after 9/11. 8. Lie by omission: Why was the attack on Planned Parenthood not mentioned in a debate about terrorism? As Sean McElwee of Demos noted, in a debate that was nominally about “terrorism,” non-Muslim terrorism was completely absent. The recent Planned Parenthood terrorist attack carried out by a man who claims to be a “warrior for babies” wasn’t discussed in the broader context of terrorism. Why this is so remains unclear. 9. Lie by cliche: What the hell is Fiorina talking about? Fiorina keeps referencing “building up the sixth fleet” because presumably it sounds like some important walk-and-talk dialogue in the West Wing, but it actually makes no sense. Several experts have chimed in on this strange refrain and pointed out that it’s basically nonsense. As military magazine Stars and Stripes noted: Her meaning wasn’t immediately clear — the U.S. 6th Fleet is less a collection of ships than a command structure for operating American warships in the Atlantic and Mediterranean. Moreover, the fleet is one of the few growing military commands in Europe. It is building land-based missile interceptor sites in Romania and Poland, and in the coming days it will welcome the last of four guided-missile destroyers to arrive for permanent stationing in Rota, Spain. As the LA Times notes, it’s not “giving” $150 billion to Iran, it’s relieving sanctions that will ultimately unfreeze more than $150 billion in assets to Iran, but the funds were already Iran’s to begin with. No one is “giving” Iran anything.",1
1622,Fear is making the GOP’s job easier,"Politics is not only about competing views on issues. It is also, and often most importantly, about which problems come to the forefront in the public conversation and in the minds of citizens and voters.

The battle over what matters most could determine the outcome of the 2016 election. One set of concerns, related to race, immigration and attitudes toward Islam, divides the country deeply. Another group of issues, involving economic inequities and the difficulties many Americans are having getting ahead, has broad reach across party lines.

Republicans want the first agenda to be paramount. This reflects both the attitudes of their supporters and a rational (if debatable) assessment of how they might win. It also explains the eagerness of Republican politicians to make blocking Syrian refugees from our shores the centerpiece of their initial response to the terrorist attacks in Paris. Casting Democrats as insufficiently mindful of the nation’s security — and charging them with being too responsive to the rights of religious and racial minorities — are among the oldest calls in the GOP political playbook.

Democrats, by contrast, have every interest in an election organized around core economic concerns. Economic growth has not been fairly shared and middle-class and less-affluent families alike need relief on matters ranging from wages to college access to work-family balance. It is no accident that Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have largely structured their campaigns around these themes.

The importance of who gets to set the agenda was brought home by a poll released Tuesday by the Public Religion Research Institute (PRRI). The survey, for which I played an advisory role, was conducted in cooperation with the Brookings Institution, before the attacks in Paris.

On the one hand, certain issues divided the country starkly across party lines. By a 66 percent to 26 percent margin, Republicans said that immigrants burdened the country more than they strengthened it. (Among supporters of Donald Trump, 80 percent said they were a burden.) Democrats, on the other hand, said immigrants strengthened the country by a nearly opposite margin, 63 percent to 32 percent.

Among Republicans, 76 percent said the values of Islam were at odds with “American values and way of life”; 43 percent of Democrats said this.

Especially sharp divisions emerged on controversies involving race and police practices: 64 percent of Republicans but only 28 percent of Democrats agreed with the statement that “discrimination against whites has become as big a problem as discrimination against blacks and other minorities.” Among Republicans, 82 percent said the recent killings of African Americans by police were “isolated incidents” rather than “part of a broader pattern.” Only 32 percent of Democrats said they were isolated incidents.

These figures underscore two facts: Republicans are largely united in their views on these questions; and they are potentially disruptive subjects that could give the GOP a chance to pull a minority of Democrats away from their usual party loyalties — the classic definition of “wedge issues.”

On economic questions, by contrast, rank-and-file Republicans take many positions that are usually associated with Democrats. These are the “bridge issues.” Requiring companies to provide sick leave to their employees draws support from 96 percent of Democrats — and 69 percent of Republicans. Requiring leave time for new parents is even more unifying: 89 percent of Democrats endorse it, as do 75 percent of Republicans.

And on a series of questions, many Republicans identified with criticisms of the economic system that have been a hallmark of Sanders’s campaign. Offered the statement “Business corporations do not share enough of their success with their employees,” 92 percent of Democrats agreed or mostly agreed, and so did 76 percent of Republicans.

Democrats agreed more strongly, but the fact that so many Republicans could identify with this view — and with similar criticisms of the exporting of good jobs, the power of big money in elections and the advantages enjoyed by the wealthy — speaks to the potential political power of calls for greater economic justice.

Perhaps it goes too far to say that there is a Social Democratic America waiting to be born. Still, Democratic politicians have every interest in making a desire for a more equitable economy the driving force in the election.

There are equally good reasons for Republican politicians to encourage voters to think about their fears of terrorism, their worries about immigrants and their feelings toward Islam. For the moment, dreadful and genuinely frightening news is making the GOP’s job easier.

Read more from E.J. Dionne’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
1485,Ted Cruz doesn't talk about the government shutdown,"Decorah, Iowa (CNN) It was the most legendary moment in Ted Cruz's young political career, winning him legions of never-going-to-leave-you activists, never-going-to-forget-this enemies and cementing the freshman senator's stature as a national phenomenon: the October 2013 government shutdown.

More than two years later, the fight to force the White House's hand to defund Obamacare that left both Republican leadership and federal employees seething has faded into the background, rather than Cruz's calling card.

Huckabee laughs during the debate, which was hosted by the Fox Business Network. His opening statement was much more serious. ""There are a lot of people who are hurting today,"" said the former Arkansas governor. ""I wish the President knew more of them. He might make a change in the economy and the way he's managing it.""

Huckabee laughs during the debate, which was hosted by the Fox Business Network. His opening statement was much more serious. ""There are a lot of people who are hurting today,"" said the former Arkansas governor. ""I wish the President knew more of them. He might make a change in the economy and the way he's managing it.""

Fiorina makes a point during the undercard debate. ""The state of our economy is not strong,"" she said in her opening comments. ""We have record numbers of men out of work. We have record numbers of women living in poverty. We have young people who no longer believe that the American dream applies to them. ... It's time to take our country back.""

Fiorina makes a point during the undercard debate. ""The state of our economy is not strong,"" she said in her opening comments. ""We have record numbers of men out of work. We have record numbers of women living in poverty. We have young people who no longer believe that the American dream applies to them. ... It's time to take our country back.""

Santorum, a former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania, delivers remarks during the debate. ""The biggest reason that we're seeing the hollowing out of middle America is the breakdown of the American family,"" he said. ""We have been too politically correct in this country because we don't want to offend anybody to fight for the lives of our children.""

Santorum, a former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania, delivers remarks during the debate. ""The biggest reason that we're seeing the hollowing out of middle America is the breakdown of the American family,"" he said. ""We have been too politically correct in this country because we don't want to offend anybody to fight for the lives of our children.""

From left, Republican presidential candidates Mike Huckabee, Carly Fiorina and Rick Santorum arrive for the ""undercard"" debate that took place a couple of hours before the main event.

From left, Republican presidential candidates Mike Huckabee, Carly Fiorina and Rick Santorum arrive for the ""undercard"" debate that took place a couple of hours before the main event.

Christie, like most of the candidates on stage, continued to be tough on the current administration. ""Tuesday night, I watched story time with Barack Obama,"" he said of the recent State of the Union address. Christie also said ""you cannot give Hillary Clinton a third term of Barack Obama's leadership. I will not do that. If I'm the nominee, she won't get within 10 miles of the White House.""

Christie, like most of the candidates on stage, continued to be tough on the current administration. ""Tuesday night, I watched story time with Barack Obama,"" he said of the recent State of the Union address. Christie also said ""you cannot give Hillary Clinton a third term of Barack Obama's leadership. I will not do that. If I'm the nominee, she won't get within 10 miles of the White House.""

Kasich touted his economic record as governor of Ohio. ""Our wages are growing faster than the national average,"" he said. ""We're running surpluses. And we can take that message and that formula to Washington to lift every single American to a better life.""

Kasich touted his economic record as governor of Ohio. ""Our wages are growing faster than the national average,"" he said. ""We're running surpluses. And we can take that message and that formula to Washington to lift every single American to a better life.""

Carson promised this week he would ""insinuate"" himself into the conversation when needed. After a discussion between Rubio and Christie during the debate, Carson told moderator Neil Cavuto, ""Neil I was mentioned too."" Cavuto asked, ""You were?"" Carson quipped, ""Yeah, he said everybody."" On a more serious note, Carson noted the ""divisiveness and the hatred"" in today's society. ""We have a war on virtually everything -- race wars, gender wars, income wars, religious wars, age wars. Every war you can imagine, we have people at each other's throat,"" he said. ""And our strength is actually in our unity.""

Carson promised this week he would ""insinuate"" himself into the conversation when needed. After a discussion between Rubio and Christie during the debate, Carson told moderator Neil Cavuto, ""Neil I was mentioned too."" Cavuto asked, ""You were?"" Carson quipped, ""Yeah, he said everybody."" On a more serious note, Carson noted the ""divisiveness and the hatred"" in today's society. ""We have a war on virtually everything -- race wars, gender wars, income wars, religious wars, age wars. Every war you can imagine, we have people at each other's throat,"" he said. ""And our strength is actually in our unity.""

Rubio delivers an answer during the debate. He frequently attacked President Barack Obama. ""When I become president of the United States, on my first day in office, we are going to repeal every single one of his unconstitutional executive orders,"" the senator from Florida said. ""When I'm president of the United States, we are getting rid of Obamacare and we are rebuilding our military.""

Rubio delivers an answer during the debate. He frequently attacked President Barack Obama. ""When I become president of the United States, on my first day in office, we are going to repeal every single one of his unconstitutional executive orders,"" the senator from Florida said. ""When I'm president of the United States, we are getting rid of Obamacare and we are rebuilding our military.""

Bush waves to the audience. The former Florida governor has been trying to build momentum that he had in the early stages of his candidacy, and he went after Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton early in the debate. ""She's under investigation with the FBI right now,"" he said. ""If she gets elected, her first 100 days, instead of setting an agenda, she might be going back and forth between the White House and the courthouse. We need to stop that.""

Bush waves to the audience. The former Florida governor has been trying to build momentum that he had in the early stages of his candidacy, and he went after Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton early in the debate. ""She's under investigation with the FBI right now,"" he said. ""If she gets elected, her first 100 days, instead of setting an agenda, she might be going back and forth between the White House and the courthouse. We need to stop that.""

Cruz speaks during the debate. The senator from Texas opened the event by talking about the U.S. sailors recently detained by Iran. ""Today,"" he said, ""many of us picked up our newspapers, and we were horrified to see the sight of 10 American sailors on their knees, with their hands on their heads. ... I give you my word, if I am elected president, no service man or service woman will be forced to be on their knees, and any nation that captures our fighting men will feel the full force and fury of the United States of America.""

Cruz speaks during the debate. The senator from Texas opened the event by talking about the U.S. sailors recently detained by Iran. ""Today,"" he said, ""many of us picked up our newspapers, and we were horrified to see the sight of 10 American sailors on their knees, with their hands on their heads. ... I give you my word, if I am elected president, no service man or service woman will be forced to be on their knees, and any nation that captures our fighting men will feel the full force and fury of the United States of America.""

Trump, who has been leading GOP polls for months, answers a question during the debate. ""I'm very angry because our country is being run horribly, and I will gladly accept the mantle of anger,"" he said.

Trump, who has been leading GOP polls for months, answers a question during the debate. ""I'm very angry because our country is being run horribly, and I will gladly accept the mantle of anger,"" he said.

Republican presidential candidates line up on stage before a debate Thursday, January 14, in North Charleston, South Carolina. From left are Ohio Gov. John Kasich, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio, Donald Trump, U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz, Ben Carson and Jeb Bush. It is the sixth GOP debate of this election cycle and the first of 2016.

Republican presidential candidates line up on stage before a debate Thursday, January 14, in North Charleston, South Carolina. From left are Ohio Gov. John Kasich, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio, Donald Trump, U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz, Ben Carson and Jeb Bush. It is the sixth GOP debate of this election cycle and the first of 2016.

On the trail, Cruz promises to repeal Obamacare, and his entire stump speech is essentially a takedown of a Washington power structure that is too timid to fight -- by any means necessary -- for what conservatives back at home actually want.

But on his six-day Iowa tour last week, Cruz didn't mention the shutdown once. It hasn't come up in the debates. Undecided voters don't ask about it in town halls.

And some supporters of his at events, who only paid attention to Cruz when he launched his campaign for president in March, couldn't exactly put their finger on why they had heard of him before.

""I follow Ted Cruz pretty closely,"" Jeanette Dietzenbach, a church musician, said as she waited to hear him speak here in a pizza shop's basement, ""but not as far back as 2013.""

Clifford Bullerman, 71, didn't remember it either when asked by a reporter, but went on at length about the 2011 shutdown in Minnesota, which he said ""was avoidable.""

To be sure, there are Republican diehards who recall it with fondness, recollecting Cruz's decision to read ""Green Eggs & Ham"" from the Senate floor as he lambasted the Affordable Care Act as a millstone on the American economy.

Joel Hefti, 47, first heard of Cruz during the Obamacare debate. ""He strongly opposed it, and he was one of the few that actually stood up -- and didn't waffle,"" Hefti told CNN.

And other admirers, even if they don't recollect the shutdown specifically, flock to him because he has shown the spine to stand up to Washington, including on Obamacare.

""People want a candidate who has a backbone and who's not afraid to make a decision -- whether it was the right one or the wrong one, he's all in,"" said Brian Logie, 35.

The shutdown endeared Cruz to much of the professional right, from the rabble-rousing Senate Conservatives Fund, whose leaders are organizing on his behalf, to the Club for Growth, some of whose donors have been his biggest backers. And several of the House Republicans who also sought a shutdown have endorsed his presidential campaign.

But it is also likely to have political consequences: The shutdown -- and effort to defund Obamacare -- is sure to be rich fodder for any Democratic nominee in November.

And the shutdown has alienated him from contributors with ties to Wall Street or Washington lobbyists who serve as some of the nation's most prominent bundlers. None of his fellow senators have endorsed him, some still reeling from the fracas two years later.

Has everyone just moved on?

Cruz's closest allies maintain that he isn't running away from it, but that he, and his voters, have moved on.

""Why stick it into the dialogue when you've got so much future policy to discuss?"" asked Rep. Steve King, his top backer in Iowa and a brother-in-arms during the 2013 fight, which he said was wrongly laid at Cruz's feet. ""There's no upside to talking about things that will be mischaracterized.""

The Obamacare fights, of which Cruz writes in his most recent book that ""no battle has consumed more energy,"" are only gently and occasionally flicked at. When asked to draw a contrast with Trump here at Mabe's Pizza, Cruz argued that he was campaigning in the true ""Iowa way,"" and also rattled off a series of fights that showed his mettle while others ran away from.

""Who actually has stood up on Washington?"" Cruz said, beginning his usual riff on the highlights of his Senate career. ""In 2013, when millions of Americans rose up against the disaster that was Obamacare and is Obamacare, I was proud to stand and lead that fight. You look at the other men and women standing on that debate stage, the natural question is: Where were they?""

It may be that Cruz does not see the shutdown today as a political winner: Twice as many people had unfavorable opinions of Cruz during the throes of the shutdown than had favorable ones, and polls taken after the impasse majorly damaged voters' impressions of the Republican Party -- even among Republicans and tea party supporters.

Scott Reed, the top political strategist for the Chamber of Commerce, which strongly opposed the Cruz gambit, said it had likely receded from the country's political conscience because of the GOP's success in the subsequent midterm elections.

""I'm not surprised it's not a fever on the campaign trail,"" said Reed. ""It was a long time ago, and we had a great election in the meantime -- so it kind of overshadowed that critical buffoonery.""",1
2915,"Standoff between Obama, Netanyahu deepens despite Palestinian state clarification","Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday seemed to dial back his pre-election remarks opposing the creation of a Palestinian state -- but that did little to ease the emerging standoff between his government and the Obama administration, which reportedly is considering going to the U.N. to pressure Israel on the matter.

The Israeli prime minister, shortly before Tuesday's election, had said he would not allow a Palestinian state on his watch.

But on Thursday, Netanyahu claimed he hadn't actually changed his position.

""I didn't retract any of the things I said in my speech six years ago, calling for a solution in which a demilitarized Palestinian state recognizes a Jewish state,"" Netanyahu told Fox News' Megyn Kelly.

He clarified that he thinks the conditions for a two-state solution, ""today, are not achievable"" -- since he said Palestinian leaders do not accept Israel as a Jewish state and terrorists could occupy any territory Israel withdraws from.

But he also told MSNBC he ultimately wants ""a sustainable, peaceful two-state solution"" if circumstances change.

The latest comments, however, were greeted with skepticism by Obama administration officials.

He made clear the administration is focusing on what Netanyahu said before the election, and not on what he's saying now. Earnest accused Netanyahu of ""backing away"" from the commitment to a two-state solution with those earlier comments.

""It does raise questions about his commitment to that solution,"" Earnest said.

In a stark warning, Earnest said the position the U.S. historically has taken before the United Nations -- protecting Israel from intervention -- was based on the idea of a two-state outcome. He said that foundation has now been ""eroded"" and the U.S. is reevaluating its position.

The White House said late Thursday that Obama had called Netanyahu to congratulate him on his win and reiterated the U.S. commitment to a two-state solution ""that results in a secure Israel alongside a sovereign and viable Palestine.""

Earnest's comments came amid reports that the Obama administration is indeed considering looking to the U.N. to pressure Israel into a peace deal with the Palestinians, despite historically blocking such action at the world body.

Foreign Policy reported Thursday that the U.S. is looking at supporting a U.N. Security Council resolution calling for peace talks and a comprehensive settlement.

""The more the new [Israeli] government veers to the right the more likely you will see something [at the United Nations] in New York,"" a Western diplomat told Foreign Policy.

Netanyahu told Fox News he hopes the Obama administration is not seriously considering this.

""I hope that's not true, and I think that President Obama has said time and time again, as I've said, that the only path to a peace agreement is an agreement, a negotiated agreement.  You can't impose it,"" he told Fox News. ""You can't force the people of Israel, who've just elected me by a wide margin, to bring them peace and security, to secure the State of Israel, to accept terms that would endanger the very survival of the State of Israel. I don't think that's the direction of American policy. I hope it's not.""

But Obama administration officials are leaving the door open.

After the election, the Obama administration made clear it still supports a two-state solution and would work to achieve it -- somehow. Officials would not say whether that means going through the United Nations. But they didn't rule it out, either.

""We haven't made a decision,"" State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Thursday. ""It's just natural that we would be looking at the different options.""

""Based on PM Netanyahu's comments we will need to reevaluate our position and the way forward. We're not going to get ahead of any decisions about what the United States would do with regard to potential action at the U.N. Security Council,"" a senior administration official also told Fox News on Thursday.

The potential shift comes after Netanyahu's Likud Party won big in Tuesday's election -- positioning him for a third consecutive term as prime minister.

The consideration of going to the U.N. underscores the growing rift between the Obama and Netanyahu administrations. The two already at odds over a pending Iran nuclear deal, Netanyahu staked out a new area of disagreement with his Palestinian state comments.

The prospect of U.N. interference already is raising the hackles of the Israelis.

After a U.N. spokesman on Wednesday said it is ""incumbent"" on the Israelis to pursue a peace deal and support the creation of a Palestinian State, among other conditions, Israel's ambassador to the U.N. Ron Prosor fired back.

""The United Nations may disagree with the policies of the Israeli government, but there is one fact that can't be disputed -- that Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East,"" he said. ""If the U.N. is so concerned about the future of the Palestinian people, it should be asking why President Abbas is in the tenth year of a five-year presidential term or why Hamas uses the Palestinian people as human shields.""

The Palestinians had urged the U.N. Security Council to accept a resolution demanding that the Israelis leave Palestinian territories. The U.S. opposed it.

Foreign Policy reported, however, that France is now pressing the U.S. to take another look at a separate resolution, which they offered, calling for resumed peace talks toward a final deal.

Diplomats told Foreign Policy there are still significant differences between the U.S. and French approaches, but suggested they could be resolved. Foreign Policy reports that the U.S. delegation also could simply abstain on a U.N. resolution vote.

The dynamic on the council also has changed in recent months.

When the Security Council last voted on the Arab nation-backed measure to set a deadline for peace talks and Israel's withdrawal from the territories, supporters could not secure the nine votes needed for adoption from the 15-member council -- meaning the U.S., which opposed it, did not have to exercise a veto to block it. However, with Venezuela now on the council, supporters could have the needed nine votes today -- forcing the U.S. to make a decision on whether to veto.

Fox News' Jonathan Wachtel and Kimberly Schwandt contributed to this report.",1
1872,Lindsey Graham presidential bid bets on foreign policy,"Washington (CNN) Lindsey Graham is running for president because, he says, ""the world is falling apart.""

And if Americans are looking for a commander-in-chief, the South Carolina senator believes he's it.

Graham, who told CNN last month he's been ""more right than wrong on foreign policy,"" announced his presidential bid in his hometown of Central, South Carolina, on Monday. He hopes that his track record on foreign affairs will give him the advantage in a wide-open primary fight.

""I want to be President to defeat the enemies trying to kill us, not just penalize them or criticize them or contain them, but defeat them,"" he said at his kickoff event.

The timing could not be better for Graham, a national security hawk announcing his candidacy on the day a key provision of the Patriot Act expired in large part because of Sen. Rand Paul, another Republican running for president. He becomes the 9th Republican to enter the field.

Paul and Graham are foils in their party and represent an internal struggle for the soul of the GOP.

He's banking his long-shot bid on his deep well of experience and long history of speaking out on global threats, experience that he believes is both unmatched and invaluable in a race where foreign policy is certain to take center stage. Of all the nearly two dozen Republicans running or contemplating a run, most are governors with relatively little experience in foreign affairs or young senators with a much shorter track record.

And Graham's hoping that expertise, peppered with jokes delivered in an easy Southern drawl, will be enough to help him overcome conservative skeptics wary of his willingness to work with Democrats and his moderate position on immigration reform.

But for all of McCain's chatter, Graham has yet to break out in the pack.

His advisers acknowledge their first and most urgent task is to introduce the candidate to voters.

Where Graham needs no catching up on is foreign policy, which he and advisers are banking on as the top issue in the race.

""There is no one in this race who was the length of experience and the record working on these issues, who has been a more stalwart advocate for a strong national defense, than Lindsey Graham,"" said Jon Seaton, who's slated to be Graham's national political adviser, told CNN.

Graham emerged as one of the Senate's leading foreign policy hawks and has the resume to back it up. He spent more than six years as an active-duty Air Force lawyer and will retire next month from the Air Force Reserve after more than 30 years of service.

He currently chairs three military, foreign policy and terrorism-related Senate subcommittees, has served on three others in the past, and has sponsored dozens of bills on foreign policy. Graham has also, by his own count, traveled to two dozen countries on official business and met with the leaders of many of them.

Graham was one of the first senators to call for boots on the ground to fight ISIS and is an outspoken defender of government surveillance programs currently under scrutiny.

He's a loud and persistent critic of what he sees as the Obama administration's weakness globally, which he charges has invited foreign threats, like Russia and ISIS, to take advantage.

He supported the troop surge in Iraq, has called for sending military aide to help Ukraine stave off the Russian annexation of Crimea and has been sharply critical of the Iran nuclear deal, though he's worked to pass a bipartisan bill requiring congressional approval for a final deal.

But he's already got competition in the foreign policy space.

Graham's advisers nearly universally (and without prompting) mention Sen. Marco Rubio in discussions of their candidate's foreign policy chops. It's an unspoken acknowledgment that in the absence of a stronger alternative, the Florida Republican, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has made strides establishing himself as the most credible Republican candidate on foreign policy.

But they expect that to change once Graham jumps in.

""He's a good guy, but after doing immigration with him -- we don't need another young guy not quite ready,"" Graham said. ""He's no Obama by any means, but he's so afraid of the right, and I've let that go.""

Graham's foreign policy experience may stand on its own. But his moderate positions on climate change and immigration reform will need some explaining in a GOP primary fight.

As a member of the so-called ""Gang of 8"" that pushed an ultimately unsuccessful immigration reform bill through the Senate in 2013, Graham will have to answer for his support for a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. Unlike Rubio, who's shifted on the issue, Graham never backed down from the bill, and in fact, he's gone further, supporting access to Social Security benefits for undocumented immigrants in the past.

He's also spoken out on climate change, calling for ""soul-searching"" within the GOP on the issue.

""Can you say that climate change is a scientifically sound phenomenon, but can you reject the idea you have to destroy the economy to solve the problem is sort of where I'll be taking this debate,"" Graham promised during a speech this past March.

His advisers acknowledge he'll need to finish in the top three or four in Iowa and New Hampshire to have a rationale for staying in the race when his hometown face-off comes around.

But they point to his improbable 2014 re-election win, where he easily defeated six conservative primary challengers, as evidence his campaigning abilities will help him bring skeptical conservatives around.

""For me to go to the next level, I've got to even go further out of my comfort zone. I'm going to be in a widely attended primary process if I run, and in many ways I'll be the odd guy out on certain issues,"" Graham said.

""I just gotta stand my ground and take what comes my way,"" he said.",1
5017,Clinton broadens campaign effort to target wary Republicans,"Donald Trump’s flailing campaign has prompted Democrats to launch a new, broad effort to offer Hillary Clinton as a safe harbor for Republicans who find they can no longer stomach the GOP presidential nominee.

Clinton’s campaign is quietly broadening its outreach to potential Republican converts, including donors, elected officials, and business and foreign policy leaders. The message is simple: Even if you have never before considered voting for a Democrat, and even if you don’t like Clinton, choosing her this year is a moral and patriotic imperative.

“Duty, honor, country,” is how one person familiar with recent campaign outreach put it.

The recruitment is a continuation of the campaign’s efforts to sway influential Republicans and independents, which began in earnest as Trump appeared likely to secure the GOP nomination during the spring.

It escalated during and after the Republican convention, which drew fewer senior elected Republicans than usual and included scenes of discord. Trump himself helped the Clinton cause most with remarks on the economy and foreign policy during and after the Democratic convention, Clinton aides said. Chief among those was a public feud with the family of a Muslim soldier, Humayun Khan, who died in battle in Iraq.

This week, his refusal to endorse House Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin or Sen. John McCain of Arizona during their primaries this month has further alienated mainstream conservatives and Republican establishment figures.

The Clinton campaign would not discuss the recruitment effort in detail, including specific additional targets among Republican elected officials or other leaders. But according to several Democrats with knowledge of the effort, it includes personal appeals to target luminaries by senior Democrats including John Podesta, Clinton’s campaign chairman. The campaign is also tracking Republicans who have spoken out against Trump in public even if they have stopped short of endorsing Clinton.

The idea is to make Republican voters more comfortable supporting Clinton by showing them examples of leaders in many realms who have chosen to disavow Trump as a matter of principle. The effort combines Clinton campaign staff and resources with outside go-betweens, Clinton officials said.

“When you look at what went on at the Republican convention, and then in contrast the Democratic convention, for a lot of Republicans this was their moment to take that close look at the two candidates,” Clinton chief strategist and pollster Joel Benenson said.

“A lot of people are waking up and saying: ‘What am I doing here? Let’s see what I hear on the other side.’ They have to look for a place to land that’s in the best interest of the country.”

Benenson noted that Republicans themselves have begun an “organic” effort to encourage one another to reject Trump.

Several Republicans were among a group of former cabinet officers, senior officials and career military officers who denounced Trump on Thursday, calling his recent remarks on the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and Russia “disgraceful.”

The open letter takes issue with Trump statements that appear to question the alliance, encourage Russia to hack and release Clinton’s deleted State Department emails, and seem to recognize Russia’s annexation of Crimea, which the United States considers illegitimate. The letter does not endorse Clinton, although several of the individual signers have done so separately.

“There are people, Republicans, saying it’s time to put country before party. That’s not a thing any Democrat can say to a Republican. That’s something only a Republican can say to a Republican,” Benenson said in an interview.

The Clinton campaign invited several Republicans to make that argument at the Democratic convention last week, including Douglas G. Elmets, a White House spokesman under former president Ronald Reagan.

“Trump appeals to our basest instincts, our worst selves,” said Elmets, who has taken it upon himself to write op-eds, appear on television and speak out in other ways to encourage other Republicans to support Clinton.

Elmets said he was asked to speak at the convention by a friend active in Democratic politics in California who acted as a go-between with convention organizers.

“At the end of the day, I can see the fish rotting at the head,” said Elmets, referring to Trump’s effect on the Republican Party.

Since the close of the convention, Clinton secured the public endorsement of entrepreneur, sports team owner and reality TV personality Mark Cuban, who had earlier indicated that he might vote for Trump. She was also endorsed by Hewlett-Packard executive and Republican fundraiser Meg Whitman. More are in the works, including Republicans who have held senior foreign policy roles in the executive branch and Congress, Democrats familiar with the effort said.

In addition, retiring Rep. Richard Hanna of New York became the first sitting Republican member of Congress to endorse Clinton this week. Senior campaign aides to former Florida governor Jeb Bush and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, two former GOP candidates, also said they are backing Clinton.

It remains unclear whether trotting out Republican endorsers will translate to significantly more Republican support at the polls.

In the battleground state of North Carolina, Clinton is likely to have a tough time courting Republicans, but “it’s probably worth the effort,” said Carter Wrenn, a longtime GOP strategist. Wrenn estimated about 20 percent of Republicans there “don’t like Hillary at all, but they don’t care for Trump either.”

“The question is whether they pass on the presidential race entirely,” Wrenn said. “I don’t think Hillary is going to get many Republican votes, and I think she knows that.” But just neutralizing those voters, he said, could be helpful in a race that is most likely to be decided by which candidate can better mobilize independents.

Campaign officials and close Clinton allies cautioned that the Republican outreach is not a foundation for her election strategy, which focuses chiefly on women, Hispanics and younger voters, and holding onto the battleground states President Obama won in 2012.

“We’re not going to forget where we came from, but we know there is a window to reach beyond our traditional supporters, and we’re going to try very hard to reach these folks,” a Clinton aide said.

It is also worth noting that even as Democrats court Republicans, the candidate is pressing ahead on the campaign trail with a jobs-and-economy message that keeps her out of the way of the damaging news coverage Trump has brought upon himself.

And they say they are not taking victory for granted even as they seize on this new opportunity. Clinton strategists do not expect that the double-digit lead she has opened in some battleground state polls this week will last.

Bill and Hillary Clinton were described as “circumspect” and “not giddy” by a person who spoke to them recently.

“Everyone just assumes this is a slog,” that person said.

But the campaign and its outside allies are feeling more confident with roughly three months to go before the election.

The pro-Clinton super PAC Priorities USA did not renew its ads in Colorado and Virginia. Spokesman Justin Barasky said the PAC plans to return to the airwaves in both battleground states at the end of the month, but the lapse is a sign that both the campaign and PAC view the two states as safer than before.

On Thursday, Clinton visited an energy company founded by a prominent local Republican in Nevada. Clinton used the stop at Mojave Electric to highlight a piece of her jobs plan that would reward businesses such as owner Dennis Nelson’s with a $1,500 tax credit for each apprentice they hire.

Earlier this week, she toured a small necktie manufacturer in Colorado to tout American manufacturing and zing Trump for making his Trump-branded ties overseas.

But Trump’s tough week has been met by relative silence on the Clinton trail. The principle is to let Trump dominate the news cycle, while Clinton garners local headlines on her jobs plan.

After the Denver stop on Wednesday, for example, the Denver Post’s three-column, front-page headline read, “Clinton pledges millions of jobs.”

“Whenever any political candidate is doing damage to themselves every day, the wisest course of action is — within reasonable limits — to stay out of the news and allow the other candidate to continue to do damage,” said Jerry Crawford, a longtime Clinton ally.

After appearing with Clinton at a rally in Las Vegas, Sen. Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) warned Democrats not to be overconfident. But, citing recent polling, he said Clinton’s electoral map has the potential to extend to deeply red states.

Reid said Georgia, Arizona and Utah are three states where Clinton could potentially do well in the race against Trump.

“I hope the map is expanded,” Reid told reporters. “It would be good for the country.”

According to a person close to a pro-Clinton super PAC, the outlook for the fall has not changed significantly since the conventions, and they expect Clinton’s bump in the polls and Trump’s rough patch to both level off.

Her allies view the task of electing a Democrat to three consecutive presidential terms as monumental, making a landslide election rare in recent history and unlikely for Clinton — even against Trump. It is particularly difficult, they say, given that more than half of Americans have said in recent polling that the country is on the wrong track.

“We are sailing into spectacular head winds,” the person said.",1
4733,5 Questions That Now Loom Over Tonight's Debate,"5 Questions That Now Loom Over Tonight's Debate

It's hard to be any more gobsmacked about the state of the presidential race right now, after a video of Donald Trump making vulgar comments about women surfaced Friday, prompting more than 30 prominent Republicans to call for him to step aside as the nominee. Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton is also in headlines for a WikiLeaks email dump that included alleged excerpts of her speeches to Wall Street banks.

But there is a debate Sunday night, so its time to pick our jaws off the floor and contemplate 5 things we'll be watching:

This is the big question of the night. Trump, as usual, has given conflicting clues. In a video statement posted on Facebook, he said he was sorry (""I said it. I was wrong. I apologize"") but also pivoted to an attack on Bill and Hillary Clinton saying he abused women and she intimidated Bill's accusers. Later, he retweeted messages from Juanita Broaddrick, who claims Bill Clinton raped her.

So what does Trump prioritize: contrition or defiance?

Trump tweeted: ""The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA""

Mike Pence, in an extraordinary show of disloyalty for a vice presidential candidate, briefly jumped off the tightrope he's been walking for weeks and issued Trump an ultimatum for the debate.

Pence said he and his family were ""offended"" and said ""we look forward to the opportunity he has to show what's in his heart (tonight)"".

Something else might be going through Trump's mind.

The list of Republicans calling on Trump to step aside is growing, but the number is still tiny compared to the GOP leaders who prefer to condemn Trump's words while maintaining their support. House Speaker Paul Ryan, for example, said he was ""sickened"" by Trump's comments about grabbing women's genitals but he has not un-endorsed or called for him to step aside as the nominee.

Ryan was heckled by Trump supporters at a campaign event in Wisconsin Saturday, which gives you an idea of how deep the split is inside the GOP. Trump's die-hard supporters are still the majority of the GOP base.

The administration believes Russian security agencies authorized the hacking of Democratic party officials emails in order to influence the U.S. elections (and hurt Clinton).

WikiLeaks posted emails from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta — including ones from his gmail account that contain excerpts allegedly from Clinton's paid speeches to Wall Street banks.

In them she says she's for free trade and open borders and shows some sympathy for Wall Street bankers.

They represent views that she subsequently moved away from as the campaign progressed, but you can see why she chose not to release the transcripts during her primary battle with Bernie Sanders .The hacked emails could hurt her with Sanders supporters, (although Sanders himself has dismissed them) younger voters ,and blue-collar Democrats.

If there is a contest for the October Surprise prize, Trump's hot mic probably beats WikiLeaks.

Still, tonight Clinton will need to come up with a good explanation for why she said those things to a private room filled with Wall Street bankers.

The debate format is unusual and presents lots of pitfalls for both candidates.

There are two moderators (ABC's Martha Raddatz and CNN's Anderson Cooper), but half the questions will come from ordinary voters.

It's harder to attack your opponent in a room full of real people who want you to tell them how you will make their lives better. And any question from a voter has the presumption of validity — making it hard to ignore or to pivot away to boilerplate speech chunks or talking points (a favorite tactic of presidential candidates).

But both campaigns claim this is a great format for their candidate.

Trump has spent more hours in front of a T.V. camera than any Republican presidential candidate other than Ronald Reagan. Even so, Trump's ""practice town hall"" in Sandown, N.H. on Thursday night did not show that Trump has learned how to connect with people the way a town hall format demands.

The audience was handpicked supporters, the questions were vetted, friendly and read from notecards by the moderator.

The Clinton campaign says the town hall format is a good one for Hillary Clinton since she prefers small listening sessions and roundtables with small businesspeople or working moms over big set piece speeches at rallies.

But most of the questions she gets in those forums are friendly softballs.

Clinton has been preparing diligently — as usual — for this debate. She presumably is working on better answers to questions about her emails, the WikiLeaks revelations and the line that was the most effective for Trump in the first debate — that he represents change and she is the staus quo.

Winning means different things for Clinton and Trump.

Trump has a monumental task. Even before the Access Hollywood hot mic audio was leaked, he was in a hole — a hole that he dug and kept digging for himself because of his poor performance in the first debate, his subsequent feud with former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, and the story about his $916 million dollar business loss/tax deduction.

So tonight Trump needs a performance so unexpectedly good that it will reverse that downward spiral.

Clinton, on the other hand, comes into the second debate with a small but growing lead in the polls. She needs to connect with voters and show them she's not the dishonest, unlikeable person they think she is. But most of all, her goal is to not screw up.

A large number of issues have simply been absent from the conversation this campaign — such as health care, energy, job creation and economic growth.

Will voters tonight ask for specifics on any of these topics, or are they happy to watch another chapter in the food fight that campaign 2016 has become?

The debate will begin at 9 p.m. ET. You can listen to special coverage from NPR on your local station or watch at NPR.org.",1
3542,Gunman storms Tunisia resort in deadly attack aimed at foreigners,"Tunisia suffered its worst terrorist attack in recent memory Friday as a gunman fatally shot 39 people at a beach resort, an assault that rattled the fragile democracy and threatened to devastate its critical tourist industry.

The attack in the Tunisian resort city of Sousse, about 90 miles south of the capital, Tunis, has raised fears that Tunisia has become a primary target for Islamist extremists seeking to destabilize the region.

The Islamic State asserted responsibility for the attack. In a statement circulated by Islamic State supporters online, the group said the attack had been carried out by a man named Abu Yahya al-Qayrawani. Tunisian officials earlier Friday said the gunman, who was shot and killed by police, was from the Tunisian city of Kairouan, in a province known as a stronghold of ultraconservative Islamists.

The attacker opened fire as tourists lounged in the sun, according to witnesses. The gunfire sent beachgoers into a panic, witnesses said. The gunman killed 39 people and wounded at least 35. The victims hailed from at least six countries, according to authorities.

Friday’s carnage was one of a spate of terrorist attacks in separate countries Friday and comes just three months after a pair of young Tunisian gunmen with apparent links to the Islamic State killed 22 people at the prominent Bardo museum in Tunis. Most of those victims were also foreigners.

The attacks in Sousse and Tunis both appeared to be aimed at crippling Tunisia’s tourism industry, which accounts for about 15 percent of the country’s gross domestic product.

Tunisia has grappled with the rise of Islamist extremism in the wake of the Arab Spring, which ousted the country’s autocratic but secular president in 2011. Westerners have long flocked to Tunisia’s sunny Mediterranean beaches, and the tiny North African nation has been lauded as the sole success story of the Arab revolts. But Tunisia has also contributed thousands of foreign fighters to Islamic State ranks in Syria and Iraq, analysts say.

[Tunisia rampage raises new fears about reach of Islamic State groups]

Many Tunisians are also thought to have joined extremists in neighboring Libya, where the collapse of the state has given rise to an array of armed groups. The perpetrators of the attack on the Bardo museum in March were two Tunisian youths who were apparently radicalized and later trained by Islamist extremists in Libya. Tunisian lawmakers have not yet passed a draft terrorism law that the government says will enable security forces to pursue militants more easily.

Tunisians, Germans and Belgians, and at least one Irish citizen, were among the dead in Friday’s attack, the BBC reported. British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said that at least five Britons were also among those killed and that that number is expected to rise.

A tourist from Dublin, Elizabeth O’Brien, told Ireland’s RTE Radio that it was about noon Friday when she heard gunshots, which she initially mistook for fireworks. Then, when she realized something was wrong, she raced to the shore to grab her two sons.

“I just ran to the sea to my children and grabbed our things, and as I was running towards the hotel, the waiters and security on the beach started saying, ‘Run, run, run!’ ”

Glenn Leathley, a Briton whose daughter Olivia was in Sousse, told the BBC that his daughter called him, crying and in a panic, telling him that there was gunfire on the beach but that she was with her boyfriend in their room at the RIU Imperial Marhaba hotel.

“About five minutes later, she rang me again in a panic and said, ‘They’ve come into the lobby,’ ” he said, adding that “she seemed to know that they were there and at that point she started running.” He told the BBC that his daughter had since made contact to tell him she was safe.

Sarah Wilson and her fiance, Matthew James, from Pontypridd, Wales, were lounging on sun beds when the gunman opened fire, Wilson told Britain’s Mirror newspaper. James threw himself in front of the gunman and was shot in the shoulder, chest and hip.

“He was covered in blood from the shots, but he just told me to run away. He told me: ‘I love you, babe. But just go — tell our children that their daddy loves them,’ ” Wilson said. She told the paper that her partner had survived.

The Ennahda party, part of Tunisia’s ruling coalition government, released a statement condemning the attacks.

“We offer our prayers to the victims and their families, and call upon authorities to swiftly find the perpetrators and bring them to justice.

“Tunisia has undergone a remarkable democratic transition and is the success story of the Arab Spring,” the statement continued. “But our country is still fragile. There is a tiny but poisonous fringe of society across our region which has wrongly interpreted the Islamic faith and wishes to destroy Tunisia’s progress at any cost.”

Cunningham reported from Baghdad. Karla Adam in London, Brian Murphy in Washington, Hugh Naylor in Beirut and Mustafa Salim in Baghdad contributed to this report.

Ramadan had brought fears of new Islamic State attacks

Today’s coverage from Post correspondents around the world",1
4307,Time for GOP panic? Establishment worried Carson or Trump might win.,"Less than three months before the kickoff Iowa caucuses, there is growing anxiety bordering on panic among Republican elites about the dominance and durability of Donald Trump and Ben Carson and widespread bewilderment over how to defeat them.

Party leaders and donors fear that nominating either man would have negative ramifications for the GOP ticket up and down the ballot, virtually ensuring a Hillary Rodham Clinton presidency and increasing the odds that the Senate falls into Democratic hands.

The party establishment is paralyzed. Big money is still on the sidelines. No consensus alternative to the outsiders has emerged from the pack of governors and senators running, and there is disagreement about how to prosecute the case against them. Recent focus groups of Trump supporters in Iowa and New Hampshire commissioned by rival campaigns revealed no silver bullet.

[Trump’s wild 95-minute rant: ‘How stupid are the people of Iowa?’]

In normal times, the way forward would be obvious. The wannabes would launch concerted campaigns, including television attack ads, against the ­front-runners. But even if the other candidates had a sense of what might work this year, it is unclear whether it would ultimately accrue to their benefit. Trump’s counterpunches have been withering, while Carson’s appeal to the base is spiritual, not merely political. If someone was able to do significant damage to them, there’s no telling to whom their supporters would turn, if anyone.

“The rest of the field is still wishing upon a star that Trump and Carson are going to ­self-destruct,” said Eric Fehrnstrom, a former adviser to 2012 nominee Mitt Romney. But, he said, “they have to be made to self-destruct. . . . Nothing has happened at this point to dislodge Trump or Carson.”

Fehrnstrom pointed out that the fourth debate passed this week without any candidate landing a blow against Trump or Carson. “We’re about to step into the holiday time accelerator,” he said. “You have Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year’s, then Iowa and a week later, New Hampshire, and it’s going to be over in the blink of an eye.”

[The Take: Why no one is dropping out of the GOP presidential race]

According to other Republicans, some in the party establishment are so desperate to change the dynamic that they are talking anew about drafting Romney — despite his insistence that he will not run again. Friends have mapped out a strategy for a late entry to pick up delegates and vie for the nomination in a convention fight, according to the Republicans who were briefed on the talks, though Romney has shown no indication of reviving his interest.

For months, the GOP professional class assumed Trump and Carson would fizzle with time. Voters would get serious, the thinking went, after seeing the outsiders share a stage with more experienced politicians at the first debate. Or when summer turned to fall, kids went back to school and parents had time to assess the candidates. Or after the second, third or fourth debates, certainly.

None of that happened, of course, leaving establishment figures disoriented. Consider Thomas H. Kean Sr., a former New Jersey governor who for most of his 80 years has been a pillar of his party. His phone is ringing daily, bringing a stream of exasperation and confusion from fellow GOP power brokers.

“People usually start off in the same way: Pollyanna-ish,” Kean said. “They assure me that Trump and Carson will eventually fade. Then we’ll talk some more, and I give them a reality check. I’ll say, ‘The guy in the grocery store likes Trump. So does the guy who cuts my hair. They’re probably going to stick with him. Who knows if this ends?’ ”

South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, herself an outsider who rode the tea party wave into office five years ago, explained the phenomenon.

“You have a lot of people who were told that if we got a majority in the House and a majority in the Senate, then life was gonna be great,” she said in an interview Thursday. “What you’re seeing is that people are angry. Where’s the change? Why aren’t there bills on the president’s desk every day for him to veto? They’re saying, ‘Look, what you said would happen didn’t happen, so we’re going to go with anyone who hasn’t been elected.’ ”

Before Tuesday’s debate in Milwaukee, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker had a reception at the Pfister Hotel with party leaders, donors and operatives. There was little appetite for putting a political knife in the back of either Trump or Carson, according to one person there. Rather, attendees simply hoped both outsiders would go away.

There are similar concerns about Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, who is gaining steam and is loathed by party elites, but they are more muted, at least for now.

Charlie Black, who has advised presidential campaigns since the 1970s, said he believes the 2016 contest “will eventually fall into the normal pattern of one outsider and one insider, and historically the insider always wins.”

Black said he was briefed on the findings of two recent private focus groups of Trump supporters in Iowa and New Hampshire that showed these voters knew little about his policy views beyond immigration. “Things like universal health care and other more liberal positions he’s taken in the past will all get out before people vote in New Hampshire,” he said. Black said the focus groups were commissioned by two rival campaigns, but he was not authorized to identify them.

One well-funded outside group, the Club for Growth, has aired ads attacking Trump in Iowa and more recently came out against Carson as well. “Donald Trump and Doctor Ben Carson are in over their heads,” said Club for Growth President David McIntosh, labeling both candidates as “pretenders.”

Still, the party establishment’s greatest weapon — big money — is partly on the shelf. Kenneth G. Langone, a founder of Home Depot and a billionaire supporter of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, said he is troubled that many associates in the New York financial community have so far refused to invest in a campaign due to the race’s volatility.

“Some of them are in, but too many are still saying, ‘I’ll wait to see how this all breaks,’ ” Langone said. “People don’t want to write checks unless they think the candidate has a chance of winning.” He said that his job as a ­mega-donor “is to figure out how we get people on the edge of their chairs so they start to give money.”

Many of Romney’s 2012 National Finance Committee members have sat out the race so far, including Peter A. Wish, a Florida doctor whom several 2016 candidates have courted.

“I’m not a happy camper,” Wish said. “Hopefully, somebody will emerge who will be able to do the job,” but, he added, “I’m very worried that the Republican-base voter is more motivated by anger, distrust of D.C. and politicians and will throw away the opportunity to nominate a candidate with proven experience that can win.”

The apprehension among some party elites goes beyond electability, according to one Republican strategist who spoke on the condition of anonymity to talk candidly about the worries.

“We’re potentially careening down this road of nominating somebody who frankly isn’t fit to be president in terms of the basic ability and temperament to do the job,” this strategist said. “It’s not just that it could be somebody Hillary could destroy electorally, but what if Hillary hits a banana peel and this person becomes president?”

Angst about Trump intensified this week after he made two comments that could prove damaging in a general election. First, he explained his opposition to raising the minimum wage by saying “wages are too high.” Second, he said he would create a federal “deportation force” to remove the more than 11 million immigrants living in the United States illegally.

“To have a leading candidate propose a new federal police force that is going to flush out illegal immigrants across the nation? That’s very disturbing and concerning to me about where that leads Republicans,” said Dick Wadhams, a former GOP chairman in Colorado, a swing state where Republicans are trying to pick up a Senate seat next year.

Said Austin Barbour, a veteran operative and fundraiser now advising former Florida governor Jeb Bush: “If we don’t have the right [nominee], we could lose the Senate, and we could face losses in the House. Those are very, very real concerns. If we’re not careful and we nominate Trump, we’re looking at a race like Barry Goldwater in 1964 or George McGovern in 1972, getting beat up across the board because of our nominee.”

George Voinovich, a retired career politician who rose from county auditor to mayor of Cleveland to governor of Ohio to U.S. senator, said this cycle has been vexing.

“This business has turned into show business,” said Voinovich, who is backing Ohio Gov. John Kasich. “We can’t afford to have somebody sitting in the White House who doesn’t have governing experience and the gravitas to move this country ahead.”

David Weigel in Hilton Head Island, S.C., contributed to this report.",1
4845,Clinton's 'deplorables' slip: 2012 campaign hints it's not a game-changer (+video),"Past perceived gaffes, such as Romney's '47 percent' comment in 2012, have drawn far more attention from the media than from voters, who may make up their minds about candidates in other ways.

Darcy Butkus, from left, Becky Love, and Kathy Potts make a political statement at a town hall gathering hosted by Trump supporter and former US House Speaker Newt Gingrich at Kennesaw State University on Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, in Kennesaw, Ga.

Hillary Clinton’s weekend comment that “half” of Donald Trump’s supporters are a racist and sexist “basket of deplorables” is still roiling the presidential race as the workweek begins. Lots of pundits are comparing it to Mitt Romney’s famous “47 percent” statement, in which he said nearly half of American voters can be written off as welfare moochers.

Lost in most of the discussion of this comparison is the fact that Romney’s “47 percent” words, revealed when a secret source leaked the tape of a fundraiser to Mother Jones magazine, didn’t much affect the 2012 outcome, and probably did not even move the polls that much.

That’s the political reality behind such moments as Mrs. Clinton’s “deplorables” or Romney’s “47 percent”: Voters usually don’t make up their minds from a few days of news coverage.

It’s true that many voters saw Romney’s perceived gaffe in negative terms. And it sure seemed like something that would have serious negative repercussions: harsh words, seemingly delivered in secret, about an opponent’s supporters. That made it seem more important than a typical political slip of the tongue.

But in terms of who people planned to vote for, “there was no consistent evidence that much changed” in the wake of the tape’s release, wrote political scientists John Sides of George Washington University and Lynn Vavreck of UCLA in their history of the 2012 election, “The Gamble.”

Gallup poll data showed President Obama’s lead over Romney actually shrank from 3 to 2 percentage points the week after “47 percent” became public. Rasmussen polls stayed the same. The average of all public polls was “stable” in the wake of the controversy, according to Sides and Vavreck.

In other words, peoples’ opinions about the race did not really alter, on either side.

In contrast, the first 2012 debate, held on Oct. 3, did move the polls. The media roundly declared Romney the victor over a flat Obama. Some surveys even put Romney in the lead. (Spoiler alert: He lost. The fallout of subsequent debates reversed those gains.)

What’s the takeaway from this? Maybe that lots of things the media says are game-changers, aren’t.

It’s certainly possible that Clinton’s “deplorables” comment could hurt her. Insulting ordinary voters is not something campaign consultants generally urge. But in general presidential races are not unstable. Leads shrink or widen slowly, driven by fundamentals such as the state of the economy, or predictable dynamics such as Republican voters rallying around Trump. At this point in the cycle, many people’s minds are set, and it takes a lot to change them.

There are break points, but they tend to be set news events that draw massive coverage. The conventions are one – Clinton jumped out to a big lead following the close of the Democratic National Convention. The debates might be another. Thus the first direct clash between Clinton and Trump, set for Sept. 26, is likely to be more consequential than Clinton’s insult.",1
1822,"Walker forms political committee, says he's 'very interested' in 2016 bid","Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker said Tuesday that he was ""very interested"" in a possible run for president on 2016, hours after he announced the launch of a new political committee.

In an interview with Fox News' Sean Hannity, Walker said he was considering a run for the same reason he initially ran for governor of Wisconsin in 2010.

""[My wife and I] were afraid that our sons were growing up in a state that wasn't as great as the one we grew up in,"" Walker, 47, said."" I have the same worries about this country for my sons today that I had for my state many years ago.""

Walker, who gave a well-received speech to a forum of conservative voters in Des Moines, Iowa, on Saturday, set up the committee “Our American Revival” on Jan. 16. A new website for the so-called 527 organization, which will help him get his message out as he works toward building his political clout, went live Tuesday morning.

""Our American Revival encompasses the shared values that make our country great,"" Walker said in a written statement. He called for ""limiting the powers of the federal government to those defined in the Constitution while creating a leaner, more efficient, more effective and more accountable government to the American people.""

Walker echoed that refrain on ""Hannity"" and played up his status as a Washington outsider.

""I think we need new bold leadership from outside of Washington that's proven to take on the challenges that we face in this country right now,"" Walker said. ""The ideas that are going to transform America aren't coming from people in Washington. They're coming from our state leaders ... I think there's a sense out there, which I heard on Saturday, that people don't just want dynamic speakers. They want people who've got a proven record, who've actually done something, not just talked about it.""

""If we're going to take [former Secretary of State and presumptive Democratic nominee] Hillary Clinton on,"" Walker added,"" we've got to have a name from the future, not one from the past, in an apparent shot at 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush.

Walker’s steps are in stride with other prospective candidates, like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who earlier this week launched a political action committee.

During his speech Saturday in Iowa, home of the first-in-the-country caucus, Walker drew on his highly publicized battle with unions in his home state and told an emotional story of how he and his family received death threats for speaking out against the groups.

“If you are not afraid to go big and bold, you can actually get results,” he told the crowd.

Following his speech at the Iowa Freedom Summit, Walker went west – attending an event in California hosted by the billionaire Koch brothers.",1
2515,"Fewer immigrants are entering the U.S. illegally, and that’s changed the border security debate","Monica Camacho-Perez came to the United States from Mexico as a child, crossing into Arizona with her mother in the same spot where her father made the trip before them. “Nobody stopped us,’’ Camacho-Perez, now 20, said of her 2002 journey.

Three years ago, her uncle tried to cross the border and join the family in Baltimore, where they remain illegal immigrants. He was stopped three times by the U.S. Border Patrol and jailed for 50 days.

“He doesn’t want to try anymore,” said Camacho-Perez. “Now, it’s really hard.”

As the Department of Homeland Security continues to pour money into border security, evidence is emerging that illegal immigration flows have fallen to their lowest level in at least two decades. The nation’s population of illegal immigrants, which more than tripled, to 12.2 million, between 1990 and 2007, has dropped by about 1 million, according to demographers at the Pew Research Center.

A key — but largely overlooked — sign of these ebbing flows is the changing makeup of the undocumented population. Until recent years, illegal immigrants tended to be young men streaming across the Southern border in pursuit of work. But demographic data show that the typical illegal immigrant now is much more likely someone who is 35 or older and has lived in the United States for a decade or more.

Homeland security officials in the Obama and George W. Bush administrations — who have more than doubled the Border Patrol’s size and spent billions on drones, sensors and other technology at the border — say enhanced security is driving the new trends.

“We have seen tremendous progress,” said R. Gil Kerlikowske, commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, which is part of the Department of Homeland Security. “The border is much more secure than in times past.”

The issue of border security is central to the broader debate over immigration reform that has roiled Washington in recent years and is emerging as a flash point in the 2016 presidential campaign. Congressional Republicans have insisted on greater border security before they consider legalizing any immigrants who came to this country without proper documents.

President Obama says the border has never been more secure and is urging a series of legislative steps to legalize millions of undocumented immigrants, streamline the visa system and further fortify the border. He has already moved to protect certain undocumented immigrants from deportation through executive actions. But these actions have faced resistance in the courts, including the decision Tuesday by a federal appeals court to keep one of the president’s signature immigration efforts from moving ahead.

What’s increasingly clear is that the shifting fortunes of the U.S. economy account for less of the ebb and flow of illegal immigration. Even as the economy bounces back from recession, illegal immigration flows, especially from Mexico, have kept declining, ­according to researchers and government data. Since the 1990s, the opposite was true: The better the economy, the more people tried to come.

“Every month or quarter that the economy continues to improve and unauthorized immigration doesn’t pick up supports the theory that border security is a bigger factor, and it’s less about the economy and we have moved into a new era,’’ said Marc Rosenblum, deputy director of the U.S. immigration program at the Migration Policy Institute.

Some researchers say factors other than security are playing a role and might even account for much of the reduced flow of illegal immigrants. These researchers point, for instance, to changes in Latin America that could be pushing fewer people to seek a better life in the United States.

At odds with the government’s claims of success, a series of academic studies in recent years have found little linkage between border security and illegal migration.

Douglas S. Massey, a Princeton University sociologist, said the falling numbers of immigrants have “nothing to do with border enforcement.” Massey, who helps run a project that has interviewed thousands of illegal Mexican migrants over the past three decades, attributed the trend to demographic changes in Mexico, such as women having fewer children.

But even some researchers who are skeptical about the overall effectiveness of enhanced border security acknowledge indirect effects of these measures. For potential migrants who are calculating the pros and cons of trying to cross the border, stiffer U.S. security measures are making the trip much more expensive, in particular the exploding cost of hiring a guide. The journey has also become more arduous and dangerous, in part because the DHS has plugged traditional crossing points and driven migrants deeper into the desert.

Since the Bush administration, the DHS has dramatically increased its efforts to lock down the southwest border. The budget for Customs and Border Protection has grown to $10.7 billion in the past decade, a 75 percent increase. The number of Border Patrol agents at the border has nearly doubled over the past decade, to more than 18,000 today.

Much of the ramp-up occurred during the Bush administration, but the Obama administration has marshaled more forces as well. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has recently set up three task forces to increase coordination within the DHS.

Current and former DHS officials acknowledge that a confluence of factors explains the decline in illegal migration, including demographic changes in Mexico, improvements in its economy and Mexico’s crackdown on Central American migrants headed to the United States. But these officials insist that the massive investment to secure the border has been the key factor.

“It used to be that you could literally sit at a bar in Tijuana, Mexico, look across the border into San Diego, wait for the Border Patrol to drive in the other direction and make a run for it,’’ said Steve Atkiss, a former CBP chief of staff and now a partner at Command Consulting Group. “It’s much more difficult and expensive now.”

Madai Ledezma crossed the Mexican border into Texas a decade ago at age 23 and remains in the United States as an illegal immigrant. She said her uncle and brother had recently wanted to join her. But, she said, they’re staying put after her uncle was caught by the Border Patrol a year ago and locked up for a month before being sent back to Mexico.

“The risk of crossing again is that he will be locked up again,’’ Ledezma said. She added, “I just heard recently that the Border Patrol now has the ability to fire their weapons.”

Ledezma’s uncle was one of a shrinking number of undocumented immigrants stopped by the Border Patrol. Government officials widely cite that trend as evidence that the overall flow is also down.

In 2000, considered the peak of the flood of illegal Mexican migration, more than 1.6 million people were apprehended, according to DHS data. Those numbers have plunged to around 400,000 per year since 2012 and are down 28 percent in the first part of fiscal 2015 compared with last year. Even last year’s widely publicized spike in unaccompanied minors crossing the border from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras has receded dramatically, the data show.

While the declining number of apprehensions is not conclusive proof that illegal immigration is down, other less publicized research strongly suggests this is the case.

Wayne Cornelius, director of the Mexican migration field research program at the University of California at San Diego, interviews hundreds of people each year in the Mexican state of Yuca­tan and asks them whether they are planning to come to the United States in the next 12 months.

In 2006, 24 percent said yes. By 2009, as the U.S. economy was cratering, 8 percent said yes. This year, 2.5 percent answered in the affirmative.

A recent study by the Pew Research Center, meanwhile, found that the median length of stay for illegal immigrants in the United States jumped from less than eight years in 2003 to nearly 13 years by 2013. Their median age has increased from 28 during the 1990s to nearly 36 today.

Those figures wouldn’t be possible if young men were still coming across the border in huge numbers, and it was those young men who accounted for most of the illegal traffic.

But Massey, the Princeton researcher, highlighted an unintended consequence of the security crackdown on the border. He said immigrants who are already in the United States are afraid to go back and forth to Mexico as they traditionally did, and are “aging in place” in the United States.

Ledezma’s tale is a common one. Over the past decade, she and her husband, Jose Pina, a landscaper, have become involved in their community in New Carrollton. Their daughter, Heather, 6, is a U.S. citizen. Ledezma volunteers at Heather’s school, reads with her at the public library and attends a local church.

“After so many years of living here, I of course consider this my home,” she said.

According to estimates by the Migration Policy Institute, about a third of illegal immigrants own a home and have children who are U.S. citizens.

“We have this population here and they haven’t left and they don’t appear to be going back and forth to Mexico anymore,’’ said George Escobar, senior director of human services for CASA, a ­Maryland-based immigrant advocacy group. “These trends have reshaped the immigration debate right before our eyes.”",1
4332,Trump says he’s willing to spend $1 billion on campaign,"DES MOINES, Iowa — Donald Trump is willing to fork over a billion bucks if that’s what it takes to win the White House.

After the TV star and business mogul blew in via his private helicopter Saturday afternoon, he answered a battery of questions from the 100 or so reporters awaiting him at a softball field near the Iowa State Fair.

One question: Is he willing to spend a billion on his campaign, which would match the amounts President Obama and Republican Mitt Romney raised for their 2012 general election races?

Trump answered: “I would do that, yeah, if I had to.”

He added: “I make $400 million a year so what difference does it make?”

Trump also said all undocumented immigrants “have to go” in an interview with NBC News’ Meet the Press host Chuck Todd.

""We're going to keep the families together, but they have to go,"" he said, speaking on his private plane as it sat on a runway in Des Moines. The interview will air in full Sunday.

Trump has said he’s worth $10 billion; a study by Bloomberg News puts the figure at $2.9 billion or more.

To separate himself from the other 16 GOP presidential candidates, Trump has pitched his personal fortune as the best insurance against influence from powerful lobbyists and wealthy donors.

“I’m turning down so much money,” he said, and mentioned one donor who wanted to give him $5 million. “If he put it up, I’d feel obligated, because I’m a loyal person.”

Trump didn’t miss a chance to rip on one of his GOP rivals, this time former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush.

“Jeb Bush is a puppet to his donors. There’s no question about it,” Trump said. “He’s got lobbyists, I know them. ... He’ll do whatever they want.”

Trump traveled by golf cart to the State Fairgrounds, where he was immediately swarmed by reporters and fairgoers. He spent about an hour at the fair, where he waved to people, stopped for a few selfies and ate a pork chop on a stick as a mob of people watched.

As usual in his news conferences, he tossed out views on a wide smattering of topics:

On why he was offering free rides in his personal helicopter: “I love children and I love Iowa. Great place. I’ve really developed a relationship with it.”

On whether he feels qualified to be president: “Nobody else will do the job that I will do. I will bring back jobs. I will strengthen our military. I’ll take care of our vets. I will get rid of Obamacare. ... I will take care of people. ... I will be so great to women. I cherish women. And the women haven’t been taken care of properly.”

On how he’ll get things done: “I’ll get Congress. I’ve been getting politicians to pass whatever I wanted all my life. Nobody has more experience dealing with politicians than I. ... Whether it’s big New York City zoning, which by the way are probably tougher than things I’ll be dealing with with foreign countries. I mean, I built a city on the west side of Manhattan.”

He did not speak from The Des Moines Register’s Political Soapbox. Asked if he was afraid to do so, he said: “That paper’s not relevant to me.”

On Sunday, he’ll appear on Meet the Press, and he said he plans to unveil a detailed immigration plan during the show. He also will release a tax plan soon, he said.",1
4101,"WATCH: On The Missouri Campus, A Clash Of 2 First Amendment Protections","WATCH: On The Missouri Campus, A Clash Of 2 First Amendment Protections

When two rights that this country holds as fundamental come into conflict, it makes for complex drama.

That's what happened yesterday on the campus of the University of Missouri in Columbia: Student activists, who had just succeeded in their quest to oust the system president, tried to stop Tim Tai, 20, a student photographer, from documenting what was going on for ESPN. It was a clash between the right to assembly, to be left alone and the right of the press to operate in a public space.

The woman seen at the end of the video who appears to grab a reporter's camera has been identified by The New York Times as Melissa Click, an assistant professor of mass media at the University of Missouri. We've reached out to her for comment, and we'll update if she gets back to us.

The Los Angeles Times reports that the actions in the video were criticized by the Columbia Missourian, a university newspaper with professional editors and staffed by students from the school's journalism program:

"" 'I'm pretty incensed about it,' executive editor Tom Warhover told The Times. 'I find it ironic that particularly faculty members would resort to those kinds of things for no good reason. I understand students who are protesting and want privacy. But they are not allowed to push and assault our photographers — our student photographers.' ... ""Tai acknowledged that the demonstrators had a point, since he does recognize there are situations that are sensitive to photograph, but he said that he tries to figure out 'how to cautiously or delicately approach these stories without overwhelming people. "" 'I don't think everyone there is super anti-media, but I think there's misunderstanding about what we do,' Tai said.""

Update at 11:35 a.m. ET. A Reporter's Reflection: 



A reporter for NPR member station KBIA was in middle of what happened yesterday. Bram Sable-Smith put together a very personal reflection about the situation that is worth listening to.

One disclosure: KBIA is licensed to the University Of Missouri, which also provides the station with significant support.",1
4143,"Obama hits the road to push new programs, win support for his tax plan","President Obama hit the road Wednesday to promote a grab bag of new government programs, tax credits and worker protections -- paid for with higher taxes on top earners -- while holding the threat of vetoes over the heads of the new Republican leadership in Congress.

After delivering a defiant State of the Union address that set a combative tone for his final two years in office, the president traveled to Idaho to reinforce his plan and tout the country’s recent economic successes.

“The ruling on the field stands, middle-class opportunities work. Expanding opportunity works,” the president said at a rally at Boise State University, citing the recent surges in job growth, domestic energy production and student achievement.

However, in a speech that borrowed significantly from his address Tuesday, Obama also struck a more conciliatory tone, acknowledging he got “whooped” in Iowa during the 2008 and 2012 general elections.

“As I’ve travelled the country, I have seen the desire among the American people to make progress together,” he said as he restated his plan to end tax cuts for the “super rich” and close corporate-tax “loopholes” to “lower the cost of community college to zero.”

Still, he challenged critics of his “middle class economics” plan to present better solutions.

Obama was to speak later Wednesday at an event in Topeka, Kansas.

The most controversial plank in Obama’s overall plan, unveiled over the weekend, is to impose more than $300 billion in tax hikes over 10 years. They hikes include those on investment and inheritance taxes for top-earners to fund tax credit expansions for the middle class -- including tripling the maximum child tax credit to up to $3,000 per child. The funding also would pay for an initiative providing free community college for two years for students who keep up their grades (though the White House calls for rolling back a separate college savings tax break).

While laying out his ambitious agenda, the president has also vowed to fight GOP bills that would chip away at ObamaCare, financial regulations and his recent immigration actions.

""If a bill comes to my desk that tries to do any of these things, I will veto it,"" Obama said Tuesday. He issued similar threats with regard to legislation teeing up new Iran sanctions and efforts to roll back environmental regulations.

In an off-script moment, the president even reminded Republicans of his electoral successes. After declaring he had no more campaigns to run, he quipped, ""I know because I won both of them.""

GOP leaders bristled at the president's remarks. On Wednesday, House Speaker John Boehner said he offered ""more taxes, more government, more of the same approach that has failed the middle class for decades.""

As for the president's warnings to the new Congress, Boehner said, ""Veto threats and fantasy land proposals will not distract the people's house from the people's priorities.""

The address reflected a president disinclined to cede ground in the wake of his party's midterm losses.

Obama is also calling anew for Congress to raise the minimum wage and for new measures to guarantee paid sick leave for American workers.

On his college plan, the president says he wants to make two years of community college ""as free and universal in America as high school is today.""

While Republicans have questioned the mechanics of the college plan, they have declared his tax proposal a ""non-starter"" in the new GOP-led Congress.

Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, said in a statement that the address showed Obama slipping back into his role as ""campaigner-in-chief,"" pushing higher taxes and more regulations, while issuing ""premature veto threats.""

In a pointed swipe sure to anger Republicans, Obama in his address downplayed the jobs impact of the proposed Canada-to-Texas Keystone XL pipeline, without mentioning it by name. Calling for more infrastructure spending, he said: ""Let's set our sights higher than a single oil pipeline. Let's pass a bipartisan infrastructure plan that could create more than thirty times as many jobs per year.""

Defending his tax plan, Obama said lobbyists have ""rigged"" the system with loopholes and giveaways ""that the superrich don't need, while denying a break to middle-class families who do.""

He called for closing them ""to help more families pay for child care and send their kids to college.""

Yet the president, as part of his tax plan, is calling for ending a tax break for college savings plans known as 529 plans. Under the change, earnings on contributions could not be withdrawn tax-free, as they can be now.

The speech was dominated by economic and domestic issues, though the president did devote several minutes to addressing foreign policy and terrorism and specifically the threat posed by the Islamic State.

""We will continue to hunt down terrorists and dismantle their networks, and we reserve the right to act unilaterally, as we have done relentlessly since I took office to take out terrorists who pose a direct threat to us and our allies,"" he vowed.

He also defended his recent decision to push for normalizing relations with Cuba. Despite concerns among some lawmakers in Congress that the Castro regime may exploit the opening to its advantage, Obama urged Congress to ""begin the work of ending the embargo.""

The speech was Obama's first State of the Union before a Congress controlled by Republicans. The party won control of the Senate and built a historic majority in the House in November.

Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, elected in November, delivered the official Republican response to Obama on Tuesday night.

She called for simplifying America's ""outdated and loophole-ridden tax code"" -- not to finance more spending, but improve the economy.

""So let's iron out loopholes to lower rates -- and create jobs, not pay for more government spending,"" she said. ""The president has already expressed some support for these kinds of ideas. We're calling on him now to cooperate to pass them.""",1
579,Louisiana’s Common Core Debacle,"John White may be the silver-tongued boy wonder of the school reform movement, lauded for his political acumen and often mentioned as a future U.S. secretary of education. But last fall, Louisiana’s whip-smart and occasionally cantankerous education superintendent found himself on a lonely mission: driving his state-issued Prius along the Bayou State’s two-lane highways, stopping at churches, schools and Chamber of Commerce meeting halls, promoting the embattled Common Core learning standards to a state whose governor no longer wants them.

As rain pounded down outside Scott Middle School in Lafayette, White, in khakis and a navy blazer—a uniform reminiscent of his prep school days—looked like he was gaining ground. Buoyant and self-assured, he told a gaggle of local reporters that the standards were going forward just fine and praised a math lesson he had just witnessed inside.

“I’m going to tell everyone I meet with that I just saw 25 sixth-graders knock it out of the park on the Common Core standards,” he boomed.

Meanwhile, back in Baton Rouge, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, who once praised the standards as a way to “raise expectations for every child,” was denouncing them and taking potshots at White. That’s the same White who was appointed by the state board of education in 2012—after much Jindal lobbying—to roll out a roster of education initiatives, among them, yes, the Common Core.

Today, White, once called “Jindal’s boy” by political insiders, is the governor’s most celebrated public enemy, and a statewide education reform initiative years in the making may end up falling by the wayside, adding chaos and confusion to Louisiana’s already beleaguered school system.

All this could easily be chalked up as an only-in-Louisiana tussle to be expected in a state whose education system is near rock bottom and whose political brawls have a tradition of being both colorful and callous. But this battle is bigger than Louisiana. Across the country, the Common Core standards, a set of rigorous K-12 English and math benchmarks designed to improve the state of the nation’s schools, have become increasingly divisive. Sponsored by the National Governors Association and state education chiefs, they were voluntarily adopted by 45 states and the District of Columbia starting in 2010. But the standards have since become red meat for everyone from Tea Party activists, who cry government overreach, to lefty soccer moms, who rail against their “corporate” approach. The pushback is pitting political allies who came together years ago to support the standards against each other. And it is seriously undermining the power and persuasion of the nation’s education reformers, who have long seen the standards as the crown jewel of their national efforts to improve American public schools.

Whether the 39-year-old White can squash the rebellion in his own state is no small matter. It may well indicate whether other progressive reformers—less politically skilled than he—have any shot at salvaging the standards in their own states, and whether Louisiana and other low-performing states really have the stomach for widespread school reform after all.

The ailing state of Louisiana’s public school system was once an unfortunate but accepted reality. Parents who could afford to send their kids to private and parochial schools did. Those who could not suffered through the spotty and unreliable public system, often holding their noses.

That all changed in the 1980s, when the state got badly burned by the now infamous oil bust. Oil and gas revenues counted for as much as 41 percent of the state’s budget in 1981, and when the industry faltered the state nearly went bankrupt. To reignite the economy, government heavies knew they needed to diversify. But they soon discovered that the state’s bottom-of-the barrel education ranking was a billboard sign telling corporate America that Louisiana had a dearth of qualified workers. “Fixing the schools”—and fast—became everybody’s goal.

In fits and starts, and with some backward movement, Louisiana began overhauling its community college system, increased teacher pay, rolled out new K-12 testing regimes and eventually took over failing schools, closing some and turning others into charters.

The blow from Katrina in 2005 reinforced the improve-schools urgency as dozens of flailing schools in New Orleans were shuttered by the storm and media outlets flocked to the city, shining a discomfiting light on their subpar quality. That helped drive even more legislative support for charter school expansion and a more defined teacher evaluation system, which Jindal helped push through in 2010.

A lot of these measures were spurred on by George W. Bush’s 2002 No Child Left Behind act, which strong-armed states into passing reform bills. But they were also the result of careful bond building between Democratic and Republican lawmakers as well as disparate lobbying groups—from big business to civil rights activists. Traditionally on opposite sides of the aisle and sometimes openly hostile toward each other, they were now in alliance, long-time foes suddenly together in their efforts to better educate Louisiana’s neediest students, many of them African-Americans.

Lane Grigsby, a Republican and the founder of a well-known construction firm here, says he stood behind these measures because “you’ve gotta have educated kids for the workforce.” Standing with him were social justice leaders like Kenneth L. Campbell, president of the Black Alliance for Educational Options, who calls education reform an “equity” issue.

But despite the across-the-aisle hand-holding and the sheer boldness of many of these measures, they fell short on many counts. From 1990 to 2010, the state’s education ranking didn’t budge much. And in 2010, the state’s college readiness score was still trailing behind the national average.

The grand hope for the Common Core, adopted by the state board of education in 2010 and first introduced to schools in 2011, was that it wasn’t punitive or piecemeal, like many of the state’s earlier efforts. Instead, it was an ambitious and unambiguous road map outlining the skills and knowledge every student ought to have at the end of each year. And because it asked every teacher in the state to present material that was more rigorous than what had been taught before, many thought it might have the curative effect these other measures had not.

But it was also just one part—albeit a large one—of the state’s education reform agenda. And in the beginning, it was shrouded in limited controversy, seen as the best way to finally boost Louisiana’s sour education reputation.

John White arrived on the scene in the spring of 2011 just as the standards were first appearing in schools. Recruited from New York to run Louisiana’s Recovery School District, a reform-backed post-Katrina effort, White was widely perceived as a shining star of the progressive reform movement, one of many young, ambitious intellectuals who had been dispatched to outposts around the country to battle what they saw as the movement’s most pernicious enemy: “low expectations.”

But from the onset, White, who has degrees from the University of Virginia and D.C.’s tony prep school St. Albans, seemed more politically astute than many of his allies. There was the brash Michelle Rhee, who had gotten famously booed out of Washington; the beleaguered Newark Superintendent Cami Anderson, who by the summer of 2011 was struggling mightily to contain critics of her charter school expansion plans; and Los Angeles’ John Deasy, who was ousted last fall.

Yes, White’s résumé read like a near carbon copy of these like-minded reformers, with stints in Teach for America, Eli Broad’s education leadership academy and Joel Klein’s New York City Department of Education. But White had a roster of other line items to recommend him. While in New York, he had risen fast, helping to roll out some of the district’s most innovative tech initiatives. He was often dispatched to the Upper East Side to appease parents enraged by overcrowding and the South Bronx to sooth those distraught over the shuttering of their children’s failing schools. He was quick-witted, good-looking, and, when he wanted to be, charming. Further, the word on the street was Klein, one of the movement’s gurus, loved him. 

 This is not to say that White did not have his critics. In 2011, during his time in New Orleans running the state’s Recovery School District, he was sued by three fired principals. At the same time, the state was involved in a protracted lawsuit in what eventually became a class-action lawsuit with 7,500 school employees laid-off after Katrina. And he was frequently attacked by parents and educators who said he bulldozed through his education agenda items without consulting the people most impacted by them. It is a claim he fiercely denies.

But even then his enemies recognized his political might. The head of the state teachers union told me last fall that White excelled at “behind-the-curtains work” to the point of being “autocratic,” suggesting White’s enemies hated him for the same reason his allies liked him so much: He was dogged about getting what he wanted.",1
442,"U.S. economy adds 215,000 jobs in March, jobless rate ticks up to 5 percent","The nation’s hiring boom continued its momentum in March, with government data released Friday morning showing the economy added 215,000 jobs last month.

Employers have been bringing on workers at a rapid clip for the past two years, and the strengthening job market is encouraging many people who had been on the sidelines to start looking for work. That pushed the unemployment rate up slightly to 5 percent in March, according to the data from the Labor Department.

Healthy job growth also has helped reassure policymakers in Washington and investors on Wall Street that the U.S. economy has withstood the turmoil from overseas — at least so far. A slowdown in China is weakening global growth, particularly in developing countries that fed its formerly voracious appetite for natural resources. In addition, a worldwide glut of oil has pummeled the once high-flying energy industry in America.

“This is confirmation that the U.S. economy is basically the one economy in the globe that can go it alone,"" said Tara Sinclair, chief economist at jobs site Indeed and economics professor at George Washington University. ""It can potentially be a positive contributor to global growth at a time when everyone else is slowing.”

[How the U.S. job market is doing this month -- in charts!]

That was evident Friday morning following a plunge in overseas markets. Japan's Nikkei index dropped 3.6 percent amid weak economic data as the country struggles to combat deflation. The gloomy sentiment then spread to Europe, where London's FTSE was down 1.35 percent. Adding to the unease was the sharp decline in U.S. crude oil futures to about $37.

On Wall Street, the blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average fell more than 100 points in the first few minutes of trading on Friday. But the three major indexes began reversing course by mid-morning and held onto those gains for the rest of the session, fueled by the solid jobs report and an unexpectedly strong data from the manufacturing sector. The Dow and the broader Standard & Poor's 500-stock index both closed up 0.6 percent, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq rose 0.9 percent to finish at 4,915.

""The March [jobs] report is another rebuke to the Wall Street pessimism about an imminent downturn,"" said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, a former top economic adviser to President George W. Bush and head of the policy think-tank American Action Forum.

The government data released Friday shows the retail sector added the most jobs in March, bringing on 47,000 workers. Hiring was also robust in construction and health care, which each accounted for 37,000 jobs. The report also showed an encouraging pickup in wage growth. Average hourly earnings rose 7 cents to $25.43 and are up 2.3 percent over the past year.

However, the mining and manufacturing industries, which are most vulnerable to low oil prices and a stronger dollar, are still suffering. The mining sector shed 12,000 jobs last month, while manufacturing contracted by 29,000.

In a speech in New York earlier this week, Fed Chair Janet Yellen also noted that many workers who would like full-time jobs are stuck in part-time positions. In addition, the growth in the nation's labor force in recent months suggests that many workers are still finding their way back to the job market following the worst recession in generations.

The share of workers in the labor force fell to a nearly 40-year low of 62.4 percent in September. Since then, it has rebounded to 63 percent, the fastest pace of growth in more than two decades.

“I still continue to personally believe there’s a little more slack in the labor market than one would surmise by looking at the unemployment rate alone,” Yellen said.

The U.S. economy is not out of the woods, however. Another bout of financial volatility could still threaten the progress of the recovery, and central bank officials have limited scope to combat a domestic slowdown because interest rates are already so low and its balance sheet so large. The Fed cuts its benchmark interest rate to help stimulate the economy and raises it when the economy is overheating.

In her speech, Yellen highlighted the need to be cautious before hiking rates again. Her comments fueled a stock market rally earlier this week and helped bring down the dollar, two factors that should boost U.S. growth and provide continued momentum for the job market.

“As long as the job market continues to expand, you can argue that the economy will be just fine,” said Brad McMillan, Chief Investment Officer for Commonwealth Financial Network. “If employers are confident enough to hire, and workers have jobs and money to spend, we simply can’t get into all that much trouble.”

The recovery is generating more high-wage jobs -- but does that matter?

Financial turmoil half a world away is melting Minnesota's Iron Range

Economists are starting to warn about the risk of a new U.S. recession",1
3711,Baltimore calls in federal agents to help homicide cops deal with spike in violence,"Baltimore's police and civic leaders launched a two-month partnership Monday that will see ten federal agents embed with the city's homicide detectives in the latest bid to curb a surge in violent crime that has not been seen in decades.

Under the program, two special agents from each of the federal government's five crime-fighting agencies (the FBI, DEA, Secret Service, U.S. Marshals Service and the ATF) will help investigate cases for the next 60 days. The city's acting police commissioner, Kevin Davis, told reporters that the agents met with officers Monday to discuss cases where officers have identified suspects, but need additional evidence to file charges.

The homicide rate in Baltimore began to skyrocket in May, when the city saw 42 homicides in a single month. There was a brief dip in June, with 29 killings, however the number shot up to 45 in July, breaking a record set in 1972. The uptick comes after rioting in the spring over the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who was critically injured while in police custody.

In total, the city has recorded 192 homicides so far this year, according to The Baltimore Sun. By contrast, 208 murders were committed in all of 2014. The three-month total of 116 homicides for May, June, and July is the highest since at least 1970.

Adding to the urgency of Baltimore's violence is the relatively low ""clearance rate"" of closed homicide cases. Last week, Davis said the city police department's ""clearance rate"" was at 36.6 percent, down from the department's mid-40s average.

For several years ""American cities have not seen an uptick in homicides we're seeing in 2015,"" Davis said Monday. ""Now we're back at the table, and our cities are looking at Baltimore. They want to know what Baltimore's going to do about it.""

Davis had said Sunday that more people are arming themselves on the streets, and that the department has seized 20 percent more guns than it had by this time last year. Davis also said the influx of prescription pills — 32 pharmacies were looted during the April 27 riot and nearly 300,000 doses of prescription medication stolen — has contributed to Baltimore's spiking violence.

Baltimore State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby attributed to the spiking violence to violent repeat offenders, whom she called ""a small number of individuals responsible for the majority of the crimes."" Mosby warned those inclined to reach for a weapon that ""we are going to go after you with everything that we have. Collaboratively, we will get the job done and convict you.""

ATF spokesman Special Agent David Cheplak told the Sun that his agents were assisting Baltimore police with controlled drug buys and surveillance. Officials from the DEA and FBI told the paper that their agents would provide a supporting role for officers.

""We've got to take a different look at things,"" DEA spokesman Todd Edwards said, ""whether it's fresh eyes or just looking at it in a different way.""

At Monday's press conference announcing the program, Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md. made a plea to the residents of his home city.

""The only people making good now are the morticians,"" Cummings said. ""And I say our city is better than that. It's not just the murders and the shootings. I'm begging you, put your guns down.""

Referencing the riots after Gray's death, Cummings said, ""I hear over and over and over again, 'Black Lives Matter'. And they do matter. But black lives also have to matter to black people.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Click for more from The Baltimore Sun.",1
4730,John McCain Withdraws Support of Donald Trump,"John McCain is done with Trump. Countless Republicans have tried to distance themselves from Donald Trump in the 24 hours since The Washington Post released an audio recording wherein the Republican standard-bearer made a series of lewd comments about women and describes an attempt to seduce a married woman, but the party has stopped short of withdrawing its support of the presidential candidate. The Arizona senator, however, just joined the ranks of those to take their condemnations one step further. In a statement released on Saturday, McCain officially rescinded his endorsement of the bombastic New York billionaire for president—the most high-profile member of the G.O.P. to do so. He said that it is now “impossible” for him to continue to support Trump’s candidacy

“I have wanted to support the candidate our party nominated. He was not my choice, but as a past nominee, I thought it important I respect the fact that Donald Trump won a majority of the delegates by the rules our party set,” McCain, the 2008 Republican nominee, wrote. “But Donald Trump’s behavior this week concluding with the disclosure of his demeaning comments about women and his boasts about sexual assaults, make it impossible to continue to offer even conditional support for his candidacy.”

McCain added that he and his wife Cindy will not vote for Trump in November, but stressed that Hillary Clinton shouldn’t count on the couple’s vote either. “I have never voted for a Democratic presidential candidate and we will not vote for Hillary Clinton. But we will write in the name of some good conservative Republican who is qualified to be president,” the statement reads.

McCain previously condemned Trump’s behavior on Friday—saying that the G.O.P. nominee “alone bears the burden of his conduct and alone should suffer the the consequences,”—but has only now denounced his candidacy. This is by no means the first time McCain, who only begrudgingly endorsed Trump, has spoken out against the former reality TV star. On several other occasions, McCain has criticized Trump for offensive remarks he has made, notably his insults of the Khan family and his personal attack on the senator, who he said was “not a war hero.”

Other notable Republicans, including Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader__Mitch McConnell__, have criticized Trump’s statements, but have yet to pull their support for the real-estate mogul. Earlier today, Mike Pence issued a more firmly worded rebuke of what Trump said in the recording, asserting that he could neither “condone” nor “defend” it. A number of Republicans, including conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt, have called on Trump to drop out of the race and let Pence lead the ticket, but on Saturday during an interview with the Post, Trump vowed that he “would never withdraw.”",1
1710,Jeb Bush has 'grave doubts' about Donald Trump in WH,"Bush also said he has little confidence in Trump's ability to appropriately handle America's nuclear weapons.

""I have grave doubts, to be honest with you,"" Bush told CNN's Jake Tapper in an interview airing Sunday on ""State of the Union.""

""He's not taking the responsibility, the possibility of being president of the United States really seriously. For him, it looks as though he's an actor playing a role of the candidate for president. Not boning up on the issues, not having a broad sense of the responsibilities of what it is to be a president,"" Bush said. ""Across the spectrum of foreign policy, Mr. Trump talks about things as though he's still on 'The Apprentice.'""

Bush said Trump's proposed plan of hoping ISIS removes Syrian President Bashar Assad from power and then Russia taking on ISIS is like ""some kind of board game and not a serious approach.""

""This is just another example of the lack of seriousness. And this is a serious time. We're under grave threats again, and I think we need a president with a steady hand,"" Bush said. Bush again dismissed Trump's suggestion that George W. Bush was responsible for 9/11 because it occurred during his presidency. ""My brother responded to a crisis, and he did it as you would hope a president would do. He united the country, he organized our country and he kept us safe. And there's no denying that. The great majority of Americans believe that,"" he said. ""And I don't know why he keeps bringing this up. It doesn't show that he's a serious person as it relates to being commander in chief and being the architect of a foreign policy,"" Bush added. Bush said his defense of the 43rd president's response to the attacks isn't just because he's his brother. ""I mean, so next week, Mr. Trump is probably going to say that FDR was around when Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. It's what you do after that matters. And that's the sign of leadership,"" he said. ""You don't have to have your last name named Bush to be able to understand that."" Despite Trump leading the polls, Bush predicted that support for him will eventually fade. ""I don't think Trump is going to win the nomination. I think we're going to have a nominee that will unite the party,"" Bush said. He also offered praise for Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton's debate performance, though he argued the policies she supports are bad for the country. ""She did a good job in the debate, for sure,"" he said. ""She's a smart person, no doubt about that. But every chance she had to lay out a different approach than the one we're on now, she actually doubled or tripled down on it: more taxes, more regulation, more creating barriers on people's ability to rise up.""",1
321,This policing innovation helped fight crime. But it also led to more corruption.,"One of the big successes in US policing over the past three decades was the push to make law enforcement more data-driven. The big crime-tracking system that came out of this, CompStat, has been widely credited with helping cut crime in the US.

But what if this approach has also led police to be too focused on data, turning policing into a numbers game in which cops try to make as many arrests as possible and manipulate the figures to look good?

John Eterno, a retired New York City Police Department captain and associate dean and director of graduate studies in criminal justice at Molloy College, explained the problem in a new documentary by FiveThirtyEight:

Initially, I think it was easier to bring down crime, because crime was so high. It's kind of like squeezing a lemon — when you squeeze a lemon, the juice is easy to come out initially. But over time, it's more and more difficult.… Commanders are under enormous pressures to make sure that the crime numbers go down. And then the message filters down to the lower rank: If the captain's not doing well, or the inspector's not doing well, we're not doing well.

This creates a perverse incentive at some police departments to make crime and policing numbers look favorable to the department at almost any cost. Officers could achieve this by, for example, purposely misinterpreting some crimes as non-serious offenses or not counting them altogether. That way, the mayor and police chief can claim that serious crimes are dropping when, in reality, some serious offenses are just being defined as non-serious or not counted at all.

The numbers game also increases demand on cops to look like they're doing more to prevent crime. So officers are sometimes encouraged to stop or arrest as many people as possible so they can appear as if they're staying busy while on duty.

And if some cops don't play along, commanders will try to make their lives harder — by, for instance, putting them on the graveyard shift or denying them promotions. Or, in one whistleblower's case, something much worse.

The numbers game became a huge focus for the NYPD over the past few decades. And when officer Adrian Schoolcraft tried to expose the abuse, the NYPD retaliated — placing Schoolcraft in a psychiatric institution against his will for six days.

Schoolcraft used a tape recorder to capture several examples of officers massaging the numbers at the NYPD. Here are some examples:

But Schoolcraft's colleagues found out what he was up to. One day, when he got off work early, an emergency service unit came to his apartment, abducted him, and forcibly admitted him to a psychiatric ward.

As they detained him, police discovered the recorder in Schoolcraft's pocket. One high-ranking official, Deputy Chief Michael Marino, couldn't believe it. ""Absolutely amazing,"" he said, according to the recording. ""When I came on the job, a cop would never dream of doing that to another cop for all the money in the world.""

Schoolcraft later got the recordings to the Village Voice, a news weekly that broke the story. He is now suing the hospital that held him, as well as New York City and the NYPD.

The story shows just how deeply ingrained the numbers game can be in some police departments: Officers are willing to take down their peers and sometimes friends just to avoid getting caught.

""I believe they couldn't afford to have someone expose the behavior so bad, so criminal it would threaten their careers,"" Schoolcraft told New York City's ABC 7 in 2010. ""They reacted out of fear.""",1
4627,"Post-ABC Tracking Poll: Trump 46, Clinton 45, as Democratic enthusiasm dips","Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are all but tied in the latest Washington Post-ABC News Tracking Poll, which finds Clinton backers slipping behind in enthusiasm even as the Democrat has an edge in early voting.

The tracking poll finds little shift in Clinton's overall support following news of the FBI's renewed look at Clinton emails, but strong enthusiasm among her supporters fell behind Trump in combined Saturday and Sunday interviews. By 53 to 43 percent, more Trump supporters say they are ""very enthusiastic"" about him, compared with Thursday and Friday when Trump's edge was negligible (53 percent vs. 51 percent).

Voter enthusiasm has been in short supply for both Clinton and Trump through the fall campaign and continues to lag excitement about candidates on the ballot four years ago. At this point in 2012, 64 percent of Obama supporters said they were ""very enthusiastic"" about him; Romney was only narrowly behind at 61 percent.

Trump and Clinton continue to run nearly even in overall vote preferences, with Trump at 46 percent and Clinton 45 percent in a four-way contest in the poll conducted Thursday through Sunday. The margin is a mirror 48-47 Clinton-Trump split when third-party candidates are asked which major-party candidate they lean toward, a comparison that has grown in importance as support declines steadily for Libertarian Gary Johnson and the Green Party's Jill Stein.

Over 1 in 5 likely voters identified in the Post-ABC poll report having already voted (21 percent), while about one-quarter say they plan to vote early or by mail (24 percent,) and a slight majority plan to vote in person on Election Day. The level of early voting so far is roughly in line with expectations, given the 24.7 million early votes tracked so far by the United States Election Project, which amounts to 19 percent of the 129 million ballots cast in 2012.

Clinton has a modest 54-41 percent edge among early voters in an average of the three most recent tracking poll waves, while Trump leads by a 50-39 percent margin among those looking to vote on Election Day; those who anticipate voting early are more evenly split. Those breakdowns should be treated with caution, given both the sizable 8.5-point margin of sampling error around that result as well as general challenges in tracking attitudes among a rapidly growing population.

Older Americans have flocked to vote early, with 38 percent of senior likely voters saying they have done so, compared with 18 percent of those ages 40 to 64 and 17 percent of voters younger than that. Women are slightly more apt to report voting early than men (26 vs. 19 percent),  as are voters in urban areas (28 percent) compared with suburban and rural voters (19 percent and 22 percent).

[Graphic: Who different groups are supporting]

The daily tracking poll's latest four-night wave finds voters splitting sharply along traditional political divisions, with Trump's previously lagging support among core Republican groups now nearly matching Clinton's wide support on the left. Trump holds 78 percent support among white evangelical Protestants, 77 percent among conservatives, 68 percent among rural voters and 59 percent among white men. Clinton answers with 81 percent support among liberals, 67 percent of those identifying with no religion, 60 percent of those in urban areas and 72 percent among nonwhites.

[Clinton leads Trump in Virginia in new Post poll]

Clinton and Trump receive similar support among fellow partisans, but Trump maintains an 18-point edge among political independents, significantly higher than Republicans have held in recent elections. Looking deeper at that group over a seven-day stretch, 77  percent of independents who say they lean Democratic prefer Clinton while a similar 80 percent who lean Republican favor Trump. But Trump holds a sizable 53-28 percent advantage among voters who say they don't lean toward either party, a group that accounts for about 10 percent of likely voters.

This Washington Post-ABC News poll was conducted by telephone Oct. 27-30, 2016, among a random national sample of 1,773 adults including landline and cellphone respondents. Overall results have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 2.5 points; the error margin is plus or minus three points among the sample of 1,167 likely voters. Sampling, data collection and tabulation by Abt-SRBI of New York.",1
754,Wasserman Schultz on Sanders' response to Nevada chaos: 'Anything but acceptable',"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
4850,Hillary Clinton Cancels Campaign Events Following Pneumonia Diagnosis,"Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday, according to a statement issued late Sunday afternoon by her physician, Lisa R. Bardack.

The Clinton campaign provided the statement after Clinton was examined at her home in Chappaqua, N.Y. On Sunday morning, Clinton abruptly left a Sept. 11 commemoration ceremony in New York City. Her campaign later said she had ""felt overheated.""

NPR political editor Domenico Montanaro reports that Clinton was scheduled to travel to California on Monday for two days, but late Sunday night her campaign called off the events. Domenico adds:

The ceremony at the National September 11 Memorial and Museum at the World Trade Center site marked the 15th anniversary of the attacks. Campaign spokesman Nick Merrill said that Clinton attended ""to pay her respects and greet some of the families of the fallen.""

Clinton departed without warning, as NPR's Tamara Keith tells our Newscast unit. ""Her traveling press corps was not taken with her and didn't know her whereabouts for quite some time,"" she says.

Video published on Twitter shows Clinton being assisted into a van. She appears to be unsteady on her feet and wobbles on her way into the vehicle.

About 90 minutes after arriving at her daughter's apartment, Clinton emerged, walking without assistance, waving to the crowd.

""I'm feeling great,"" she said. ""It's a beautiful day in New York.""

According to the National Weather Service, the temperature was 79 degrees with 54 percent humidity at 9:51 a.m. in Manhattan.

""This comes less than a week after Clinton had a coughing fit at a rally in Cleveland. She said she was suffering from seasonal allergies,"" Tamara adds.",1
2275,The US knows LGBTQ immigrants are often raped in detention. It puts them there anyway.,"American immigration officials frequently choose to detain LGBTQ immigrants — even when their own evaluation system recommends release, putting them at significant risk for sexual abuse, new documents provided by the Center for American Progress show.

Of 104 immigrants who told an Immigration and Customs Enforcement officer that they were afraid of being put in detention because of their sexual orientation or gender identity between October 2013 and October 2014, 81 were placed in detention anyway, according to records obtained from ICE via a Freedom of Information Act request.

These detentions appear to violate ICE's policies for how unauthorized immigrants living in the US are treated after they're apprehended by immigration agents.

The government doesn't have to detain every immigrant who's apprehended, even if it's seeking to deport him or her. Instead, it can release an immigrant under virtual supervision (like an ankle bracelet) or simply under the supervision of a lawyer, and tell him or her to show up in court for a deportation hearing. (Because many LGBTQ immigrants might qualify for asylum in the US, since they'd be persecuted due to sexual orientation in their home countries, it's particularly likely that they'd show up to court to make their asylum case.)

According to ICE, immigrants who'd be vulnerable in detention because of their sexual orientation or gender identity are recommended for release unless the law requires it — and officers aren't supposed to overrule that recommendation unless they have a very good reason.

""I feel very confident that when someone is processed, when we have the information about their vulnerabilities and we can put that into the system, we're making good decisions,"" one ICE official who spoke on condition of anonymity told Vox.

ICE claims it's done a lot to improve the treatment of LGBTQ immigrants since President Obama took office in 2009. But given the risk of sexual abuse in detention, advocates are saying, it makes no sense for ICE to be putting LGBTQ immigrants in detention at all except in extreme cases.

The fight over LGBTQ detention is just another round in a battle between the Obama administration and immigration activists that stretches back to 2009. Advocates complain the administration isn't doing enough to protect unauthorized immigrants, especially vulnerable immigrants like children, families, and LGBTQ individuals. The administration keeps putting out policies telling ICE agents to use their judgment and protect vulnerable immigrants, but advocates say that agents don't follow through.

But there's also a difference of principle between the administration and advocates. For the administration, the goal is making detention safer for LGBTQ immigrants. Advocates are asking: why are they being detained at all?

Prison rape is a tremendous problem, and it's an especially tremendous problem for LGBTQ inmates. The most recent Bureau of Justice Statistics survey of sexual assault in prisons and jails in the US found that 11.9 percent of LGBTQ men and 9.4 percent of LGBTQ women had been sexually abused by another inmate, and 6 percent of LGBTQ men and 3 percent of LGBTQ women had been assaulted by a guard. (For comparison, only 1 percent of straight men and 3.6 percent of straight women said they'd been sexually victimized by another inmate; only 2 percent of straight men and 1.4 percent of straight women were abused by a guard.)

It's harder to get data on sexual assault in immigration detention, but indications are that it's no less of a problem there. A Fusion analysis of a 2013 government report about sexual abuse in immigration detention found that even though transgender immigrants made up only one of every 500 detainees, they accounted for one of every five cases of sexual assault the Government Accountability Office was able to confirm. (In a majority of cases, the government wasn't able to determine whether an assault had happened.)

Journalists and advocates have repeatedly uncovered stories of LGBTQ immigrants who suffered repeated abuse in detention — particularly transgender women, who are placed in detention with men. In January, advocates started a campaign to demand the release of Nicoll Hernandez-Polanco, a Guatemalan transgender woman who was put into detention after she came to the US to seek asylum. Hernandez-Polanco reported that she'd been routinely groped by guards and referred to as ""it,"" and that she was put in solitary confinement for ""insolence"" when she tried to stand up for herself. (She was released from detention in early May.)

The Obama administration has put effort into developing new policies to improve detention conditions, and they put special emphasis on their efforts to improve treatment of LGBTQ immigrants. They emphasize that they have a ""zero tolerance"" policy for sexual abuse in detention facilities, and that an immigrant should not be put in solitary confinement just because of gender identity or sexual orientation. And they take great pains to point to a detention center in California that has a special unit for gay, bisexual, and transgender inmates.

To decide whether to detain an individual immigrant, ICE goes through an evaluation called the Risk Classification Assessment (RCA). The evaluation collects a lot of details about the immigrant's case, weighs them according to a computer formula, and then generates an automated recommendation about what ICE should do with her.

The automated recommendation isn't binding — ICE officials can decide to override it. But the agency stresses that it's a useful tool to help individual officers adhere to the department's priorities and properly implement prosecutorial discretion. (In some cases, federal law requires that an immigrant be detained — in those cases, ICE still runs the risk evaluation but uses it to figure out how the immigrant should be detained.)

One of the instructions to ICE officers administering the evaluation: ""Ask the individual if he/she fears any harm in detention based on his/her sexual orientation or gender identity.""

Both ICE and advocates stress that a lot of LGBTQ immigrants probably don't want to out themselves after they've been taken into custody. The evaluation ""is only as good as the data we get,"" one ICE official who spoke on condition of anonymity told Vox. So it's almost certain that far more than 104 LGBTQ immigrants came into ICE custody between October 2013 and October 2014. But only 104 were willing to acknowledge it or understood the question being asked.

Here's what happens when an immigrant acknowledges that he or she is afraid of detention because of gender identity or sexual orientation, according to the ICE official: if US law doesn't require them to be detained, ""the RCA will recommend that the officer process them for release."" That release could come with conditions, or could involve other monitoring like an ankle bracelet — but it's definitely not a recommendation for detention. If federal law does require that an LGBTQ immigrant get placed in detention, ICE says, it will use the evaluation to make sure she's put in a facility that will protect her from sexual abuse.

The problem is that isn't what the data shows at all. According to the records obtained by the Center for American Progress, in 81 of the 104 cases where an immigrant said he or she feared being put in detention because of sexual orientation or gender identity, ICE detained him or her anyway.

In almost two-thirds (64 percent) of the 104 cases, it appears the automated assessment didn't even make a recommendation. The records obtained by CAP show the result of the assessment as ""Officer to Determine"" — which, according to a DHS Inspector General report about detention, means it's entirely left up to ICE officials to decide.

ICE maintains that its evaluation always produces a recommendation, and it's just a question of whether the officer follows the recommendation or not. When I asked the ICE official about cases in which the risk evaluation makes no recommendation, the official replied, ""The RCA always produces a result. It always produces one, either to detain or not to detain.""

But the data shows ICE officials had a lot more leeway to make decisions than that. And most of the time, they didn't use that discretion on behalf of the immigrant. In two-thirds of the cases where the automated evaluation made no recommendation — in circumstances where, again, ICE says it should automatically recommend release — agents chose to put the immigrant in detention. (That's about the same rate as the general immigrant population, according to the Inspector General.)

Despite what the ICE official told Vox, in only six of the 104 cases did the risk evaluation recommend that an LGBTQ immigrant get released. But in four of those cases, according to the FOIA data, ICE overruled that recommendation and detained the immigrant anyway.

ICE maintains that the way it treats immigrants with ""special vulnerabilities,"" such as LGBTQ immigrants, hasn't changed since it put the automated evaluation in place in 2012. It doesn't appear to have been following those policies from October 2013 to October 2014. But that doesn't necessarily mean the agency isn't started following them now.

ICE says the formula it uses to make an automatic recommendation is an ""evolving tool."" What officers are supposed to do hasn't changed; instead, they've changed the automated system so that it's more in line with the instructions that ICE agents have.

In particular, ICE says, it made some big changes to the risk evaluation at the beginning of 2014, so that ICE stopped focusing so much on detaining people who might run away and focused more on detaining people who were dangers to public safety. As a result, when it comes to all detainees — not just LGBTQ immigrants — ICE officials went from overruling the evaluation's recommendations about 20 percent of the time in 2013 to less than 8 percent of the time in 2014.

There's no way of knowing how many of the 104 LGBTQ immigrants came in in the last few months of 2013, before the evaluation was changed. And there's no way of knowing whether immigrants who are taken into ICE custody now are getting released more often. But ICE won't say that the older data is unrepresentative, and isn't releasing new data to show there's been a change.

And it maintains that the basic way the evaluation works — always recommending that someone get detained or released, and recommending that LGBTQ immigrants get released whenever the law allows it — hasn't changed since the system was put in place.

So in order to trust that ICE is getting it right now, advocates would have to assume the agency knows it was screwing up before and just won't admit it.",1
994,The Boston Globe imagined how it would cover a President Donald Trump. It's horrifying.,"As part of an editorial calling for Republicans to stop Donald Trump from becoming their presidential nominee, the Boston Globe on Sunday imagined what covering a President Trump would be like on its front page.

The Globe took some editorial liberties with how Trump's plans would impact the US, including the potential for riots, markets crashing, and the military refusing to obey Trump's orders.

It is an exercise in taking a man at his word. And his vision of America promises to be as appalling in real life as it is in black and white on the page. It is a vision that demands an active and engaged opposition. It requires an opposition as focused on denying Trump the White House as the candidate is flippant and reckless about securing it.

The Globe's predicted results to Trump's policies don't seem too far off from reality: Deporting 11 million unauthorized immigrants would likely cause a lot of social unrest in the US, and Trump has explicitly called for violence at his rallies. Imposing taxes on foreign goods if Trump can't get the trade deals he wants would very likely hurt the economy. And former CIA Director Michael Hayden warned that the military really would ignore Trump's orders to go directly after the relatives of ISIS members and other terrorists.

The Globe looks at all of these possibilities with horror — enough to publish a satirical front page and call for Republicans to stop Trump at a brokered convention, regardless of the risks to the party.",1
1086,Super Tuesday's over. Can Trump still be stopped? Yes. Here's how,"Like the Titanic’s architects realizing their fatal design flaw right around the first strains of “Nearer My God To Thee,” Republicans are waking up to the realization that their presidential primary scheme is more Frankenstein than Frank Gehry.

To protect an establishment frontrunner against an insurgent, the party frontloaded this year’s primaries and caucuses. Going into March, only 133 delegates had been allocated. Super Tuesday added another 595 delegates. By month’s end, 1,537 of 2,472 delegates will be gone.

The problem: no one figured that, for the first time in modern GOP history, the insurgent would wind up as the frontrunner.

Which leads to the second problem: Republicans looking to stop Donald Trump are running out of opportunities to derail him.

So far, 15 states have allocated delegates. By March 22, another 15 will have gone to the polls, leaving but 20 states between then and the first Tuesday in June (just 11 weeks) to change the GOP narrative.

Returning to the Titanic, let’s presume the Republican ship hasn’t taken on too much water and it’s still a viable contest.

How then to stop Trump?

1. Keep The Field Populated. To the proposition that the only way to beat Trump is via a head-to-head contest: don’t buy the spin.

The latest NBC News/SurveyMonkey Weekly Election Poll played out such scenarios involving Trump versus Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio. The results? Rubio lost by six points; Cruz, by 13.

Assuming Rubio soldiers on past the March 15 vote in Florida, he and Cruz need to strike an accord: they don’t attack each other; their super PACs stick it to Trump. And they draw straws to decide who has to call Jeb Bush to ask for his super PAC join in the Trump-bashing.

Syndicated columnist and Fox News contributor Jonah Goldberg takes this unholy alliance a step further, suggesting a Rubio-Cruz ticket ala Reagan-Bush in 1980. I’m not sure it’s in Cruz’s DNA to be so magnanimous, since he leads Rubio in states won and delegates earned.

Trump may keep winning states moving forward, but from here on it’s a quantity-not-quality argument, with the goal being . . .

2. Keep Trump Under 50 percent. The number that matters most? It’s not states won, but the 1,237 delegates needed to win the GOP nomination.

Of the 1,744 Republican delegates left on the board after Super Tuesday, 391 are in winner-take-all states. The two most important: Florida and Ohio, on March 15. Trump has to be stopped in one, if not both, to slow down the express (at present, he leads in both).

That leaves 1,353 delegates to be allocated either proportionally or by some hybrid scheme. Most crucial of all: states where a 50% majority winner earns all the delegates (Texas has such a system).

Before Super Tuesday, not counting South Carolina where Trump won all 50 delegates, he and Cruz-Rubio split almost equally divided 65 delegates (31 for Trump, 32 for the senators). If something similar occurs in the remaining proportional states, with Trump staying near his mid-30’s ceiling, there’s still a shot at wheeling and dealing in Cleveland.

But before we get there, we’ll have a few…

3. Showdown States. I mentioned Ohio and Florida as must-have’s for the anti-Trump forces. Here are three others to add to the list.

First up: Wisconsin’s April 5 primary, which comes after a two-week break in the action and where last week’s Marquette Law Poll has Trump up by 10.

As the state with the nation’s tenth largest Catholic population, it may be an opportune moment to revisit Trump’s rope-a-Pope. And don’t forget: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker had some unkind words about The Donald as he ended his presidential bid.

After that: Indiana’s May 3 primary. The Hoosier State is home to America’s most prophetic county seat. By the first Tuesday in May, it’s an indication of which way the political class leans: Indiana Sen. Dan Coats is no fan; Gov. Mike Pence, who’s up for reelection this fall, hasn’t endorsed.

Finally: if there’s still a race, California and New Jersey on June 7 – again, after a two-week intermission. Establishment Republicans would love nothing more than embarrassing New Jersey Gov. Christie on his home turf. But it’s a winner-take-all state in Trump’s backyard (51 delegates). A more pragmatic strategy would be to go to California and take advantage of a system that awards delegates three apiece for each of the state’s 53 congressional districts.

And from there . . .

4. Outmaneuver Trump Now, Outwit Him Later In Cleveland. Let’s suppose Trump goes to Cleveland close to but shy of a guaranteed first-ballot victory (the GOP’s last multi-ballot convention: 1948).

If no one is elected on the first ballot, all 2,472 delegates can vote for whomever’s name had been placed in nomination. Which means: to outwit Trump in Cleveland, stack the deck with delegates willing to bail on Trump once their commitment is over.

The GOP’s 437 “pledged” delegates (269 Republican officeholders past and present, plus 168 members of the Republican National Committee) would be lowest hanging of anti-Trump fruit. From there, Cruz and Rubio delegates will have to unite.

If the GOP is serious about stopping the insurrection, it intervenes at the grassroots level and shops for voters not only willing to become delegates, but open to the idea of switching candidates at the convention, the political equivalent of changing horses midstream.

Can Trump still be stopped? Yes. But it requires a lot of odd-shaped pieces to fall in place.

Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m off to sink into a leather chair and enjoy a cigar and brandy – while the violins play and the lifeboats are lowered.

Just in case the unsinkable doesn’t happen.

Bill Whalen is a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution, where he analyzes California and national politics. He also blogs daily on the 2016 election at www.adayattheracesblog.com. Follow him on Twitter @hooverwhalen.",1
4141,America will die old and broke: The systematic right-wing plot to ransack the middle-class nest egg,"This attack on retirement benefits follows a very familiar pattern of fabricating data to destroy retirements that work and that people really like. It’s the same nonsense and lies used to destroy private pensions two decades ago, but this time it’s being done as part of a partisan wet dream of “limited government.” It’s a strategy as American as fast food and crumbling infrastructure.

This latest skirmish in the retirement wars perpetuates the biggest lie ever foisted on America—that we cannot afford retirement benefits.

Private pensions have indeed been systematically destroyed in recent decades, and replaced by “defined contribution” 401k plans. The conventional wisdom is that pensions are “too expensive,” but this is the heart of the lie. A great many private pensions were once over-funded, but a change in law allowed companies to “invest” the “excess” funding in other parts of their business. Once businessmen could legally raid the pension fund, the idea of private pensions was over. Many books have been written about the great pension theft. I recommend, for one, reading “Retirement Heist: How Companies Plunder and Profit from the Nest Eggs of American Workers.” Spoiler alert: you will feel rage.

I’m no bystander in all this, because I’m a member of the Nevada pension system through my day job.  Even when I considered myself a Republican, I supported the pension system, just as my conservative friends and colleagues still do. But a lot has changed in a few years. Public pensions used to have bipartisan support, but the dysfunction and extremism that has turned Washington D.C .into a shit-show has spread to states like mine.

The attacks on benefits are always underhanded and dishonest, an effort to keep critics quiet, and this latest attempt is no exception, because it only targets future members of the pension system. It’s the same tactic used in the constant assault on Social Security — just take it from people who don’t have it yet. My favorite visual is the conservative who collects Social Security month after month (after month after month) then votes for politicians who will destroy those very modest benefits for his children — all while reciting the false narrative of “not saddling” those same children with debt.

A better idea (rather than stealing from our own children) would be to pay the reasonable levels of taxes necessary to fund the programs we all use. But “family values” conservatives are always delighted to burn the crops and salt the earth behind them, children be damned.

It’s understandable that people without pensions resent those who still have them. It’s much easier to rage about a schoolteacher’s pension than it is to understand the systemic greed of high finance, and that’s by design. The rich and powerful who looted private pensions have managed to set the members of the middle class upon one another. At the same time, the purveyors of 401k plans get rich off of fees from individual accounts. Millions of people are shuffled into the market to be preyed upon by the vultures of high finance, who get paid no matter how much money you win or lose in the grand casino.

I admit that there are reasonable criticisms of pensions. There are always a few people, an overpaid manager or administrator perhaps, who manage to game the system through overtime pay or inflated salaries. Critics can point to the handful of people with six-figure pensions with understandable fury, but to extrapolate it to everyone is plain hogwash. In my own pension system, the average monthly benefit for regular retirees is around 2,200 a month, and retirees are not eligible for Social Security.

For those who think pensions should all be abolished, I’d draw your attention to the constant attacks on Social Security. “Serious” rightwing presidential candidates, and even some Democrats, have proposed upping the retirement age, cutting benefits and in general making life a little less pleasant for retirees.  The hope is that many of us will die before we can collect what we’ve earned through decades of work. Even though the “trust fund” has a balance of trillions of dollars, the money has been used to fund everyday government spending. Politicians would rather loot your retirement rather than fund government spending with honest taxation. I’m not even saying that we have to sacrifice other spending priorities to fund retirements, because there’s enough wealth in this country to do both. But the very question of affordability is moot, because the attack on retirement has nothing at all to do with money. The real goal of conservatives is to break government, so that Wall Street and the well-connected can feast upon the carcass, gorging themselves on ill-conceived privatization schemes. America has become epitome of a failing company, and politicians are acting as the investment banker, breaking what’s left into pieces to sell off for quick cash. As a member of Generation X, I’ve spent my adult life riding waves of bubbles, watching housing values implode, retirement accounts halved and job prospects evaporate. With each subsequent crisis, I and my cohort are asked to “give up a little more” to help the country “recover,” even as a tiny fraction of people and corporations reach unprecedented, unimaginable levels of wealth. This disparity is unsustainable. I can almost sympathize with the Tea Party, a group built on similar feelings of frustration and anger. Their only mistake is that they do not see who is really picking their pockets. It’s not immigrants, “the gays” or liberals. Tea Partiers have tragically bought into the total nonsense that “poor people” are somehow responsible for the malaise of the middle class. It would be almost amusing if it weren’t so tragic. Today’s Tea Party voter is willing to sell out the future of his own child, because he can’t see through bullshit shouted at him by Fox News every day. We cannot afford pensions or health care or food stamps, but, by god, we can afford $1.5 trillion for a plane that doesn’t fly.  Like so many workers, I’ve watched my benefits erode year after year, with frozen salaries, forced unpaid days off and ever more stingy medical benefits.  I take heart that the latest attempt to destroy the pension system seems doomed, if only because it will cost more money to wreck it than to leave it alone. But the greater war on pensions and Social Security is not over. Libertarians and conservatives will not rest until they have unmade the last century of progress and the entire New Deal.  They will destroy and dismantle, vilify and divide, because it’s easier to make people resent one another than to make society better. They want to not only halt progress, but to turn back the hands of time. It’s not just pensions, but overtime pay, weekends and the forty-hour workweek that are all in danger. It’s an act of self-destruction and stupidity. They drill holes in a leaky boat in which we are all riding, somehow unaware that when the boat sinks, they will also drown.",1
835,"Kasich tells Indiana voters to support him, despite pledge not to campaign","Ohio Gov. John Kasich appeared Monday to undercut his campaign's extraordinary agreement with Republican presidential rival Sen. Ted Cruz to stand aside in the key state of Indiana by urging voters in the Hoosier State to support him anyway.



""I've never told them not to vote for me,"" Kasich said while campaigning in Pennsylvania. ""They ought to vote for me."" He added that he simply agreed not to spend ""resources"" in Indiana.

Adding to the mixed messaging was the fact that Kasich planned to travel to Indianapolis Tuesday for a private fundraising event, despite canceling two planned public rallies in Indianapolis and Noblesville.

Kasich made the remarks approximately 13 hours after his camapign announced an arrangement to give Cruz ""a clear path"" in Indiana, which holds a winner-take-all primary next week. In exchange, Cruz is to give Kasich a clear path in Oregon and New Mexico in an effort to prevent front-runner Donald Trump from attaining the necessary delegates to seal the GOP nomination before this summer's national convention.

""It's not a big deal,"" Kasich said of the agreement, which he described as a recognition of the realities of the campaign. Kasich has only won one primary contest, in his home state of Ohio, but has insisted he can win the Republican nomination at a contested convention.

By contrast, Cruz trumpeted the agreement during a campaign stop in Indiana Monday, saying it was ""big news"" that Kasich had pulled out.

""That is good for the men and women of Indiana,"" Cruz told reporters. ""It's good for the country to have a clear and direct choice.""

Cruz insisted that ""there is desperation on the Trump side"", arguing that the real estate mogul knows he won't be able to get enough delegates to the Republican National Convention to win the party's nomination and ""is in real trouble.""

Meanwhile, Kasich's campaign efforts in Oregon suffered a setback Monday, when it was revealed that his campaign never submitted the governor's biography to the Oregon secretary of state's office. The office prints out a voter pamphlet each year bearing information on each candidate.

This year, the pamphlet includes Kasich's name followed by an asterisk indicating that he didn't submit any information. Cruz and Donald Trump, meanwhile, each get a full column explaining their positions and personal histories.

Kasich's campaign late Monday sent out a statement saying their man is on the ballot in Oregon ""and the campaign will do its part to educate voters about why they should vote for him the primary.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
5118,5 Things To Know About Mike Pence Before Tuesday's Debate,"5 Things To Know About Mike Pence Before Tuesday's Debate

This post was updated Oct. 1 at 10:19 a.m.

Last Monday, the first presidential debate was the most-watched debate ever. A little more than a week later, the Hillary Clinton's and Donald Trump's vice presidential picks will take the stage.

Trump running mate Mike Pence will debate Clinton running mate Tim Kaine Tuesday night at Longwood University in Farmville, Va. Unlike the people at the top of the tickets, Pence and Kaine are relatively unknown to voters.

On the Republican side, Pence has been governor of Indiana since 2013. Before that, he served six terms in the U.S. House of Representatives.

House Speaker Paul Ryan has called Pence a ""good movement conservative"" and considers him a good friend. ""I've very high regard for him,"" Ryan said when Pence was chosen as Trump's running mate, an indicator that putting Pence on the ticket might have been an olive branch from the Trump campaign to more traditional conservatives.

Here are five other things to know about Gov. Pence ahead of Tuesday's debate:

Pence is a born-again Christian — he became one in college — and has put his religion in the foreground of his political persona.

""For me it all begins with faith. It begins with what matters most, and I try and put what I believe to be moral truth first. My philosophy of government second. And my politics third,"" Pence said in a 2010 appearance on the Christian Broadcasting Network.

And religion has indeed played a large part in his policy decisions.

One notable example is his strong opposition to abortion. While serving in the House in 2011, he introduced an amendment to defund Planned Parenthood because the women's health organization provides abortion services.

This March, as governor of Indiana, Pence signed one of the most restrictive abortion laws in the country. The law bans abortions due to fetal abnormalities and also requires aborted fetuses — and those from miscarriage — to be buried or cremated.

Women in Indiana protested the law by calling or tweeting at the governor's office to tell him about their periods, in an effort dubbed ""Periods For Pence.""

Trump and Pence, while different in temperament, have something in common: both men have hosted TV shows.

In the 1990s, Pence hosted a Sunday TV show in Indianapolis and also had a radio talk show called The Mike Pence Show. He described himself as ""Rush Limbaugh on decaf,"" meaning while a conservative, he was not as bombastic as the popular Limbaugh, who hosts his own talk show.

On his show, Pence discussed the week's news and also his conservative values. In a video from 1997 published this year by Politico, Pence discussed Kelly Flinn, who was the country's first female B-52 pilot. She had just been discharged from the Air Force for disobeying an order to end an affair and for lying under oath about doing so.

On the show, Pence discussed the ""normalization of adultery"" and ""whether or not it was time to rethink this whole business of women in the military.""

After losing early campaigns for Congress, Pence wrote an essay apologizing for running negative ads against an opponent, Rep. Phillip Sharp. The Indianapolis Star has reported Pence ""swore off harsh political tactics."" In the essay, Pence called for ""basic human decency.""

In July, Pence and Trump sat down for a joint interview on CBS' 60 Minutes. Interviewer Lesley Stahl asked Pence how he felt about some of Trump's attacks on his opponents, specifically referencing ""Lyin' Ted,"" Trump's nickname for his last-standing primary opponent, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. Pence replied:

Trump added that the two men are different people and he doesn't ask Pence to be negative.

""It's probably obvious to people that our styles are different. But I promise you, our vision is exactly the same,"" Pence added.

In 2015, he signed into law a controversial ""religious freedom"" bill, which spurred wide backlash. Critics said the bill could allow business owners to ban LGBT customers based on a claim of religious freedom.

After ""business, civic and sports leaders ... strongly called for a fix to the legislation,"" USA Today noted, Pence later signed a revised version of the law.

But Pence appeared to back the bill in an interview on Fox in March 2015.

""Well let me say first and foremost, I stand by this law,"" he said. ""But I understand that the way that some on the left, and frankly some in the national media, have mischaracterized this law over the last week might make it necessary for us to clarify the law through legislation. And we were working through the day and into the night last night with legislative leaders to consider ways to do that.""

Although his running mate has denied his own early support of the Iraq War, Pence was in Congress at the time and voted in favor of authorizing the use of force in Iraq.

In a 2002 interview with CNN leading up to the vote, Pence emphasized that there was ""overwhelming evidence... to suggest a connection between Iraq and al Qaeda,"" which ended up not being the case.

When Trump was asked for his opinion on Pence's 2002 vote on 60 Minutes, he answered, ""He's entitled to make a mistake every once in awhile.""

When Pence was asked on Fox News this year about the vote, he said, ""I think that's for historians to debate. I supported President Bush's decision to go into Iraq, as well as to go into Afghanistan. I traveled downrange for 10 years in a row to visit our soldiers in Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. I stood strongly through both of them.""",1
2452,"House Republicans seek ObamaCare repeal, more defense $$ in new budget plan","House Republicans, unveiling their first budget blueprint since the party took control of Congress, issued a sweeping spending plan Tuesday that calls for complete repeal of ObamaCare, major changes to Medicare and controversial moves to boost defense spending despite tight budget limits.

GOP leaders say their budget would balance in less than 10 years, and in that time cut spending by $5.5 trillion compared with current projections.

The spending plan stands little chance of ever being signed by President Obama, but makes clear that the party is not dialing back its ambitions despite a rocky start to the latest congressional session.

After some internal debate over the Republican strategy for taking on the Affordable Care Act, the budget plan renews GOP calls to repeal and replace the law.

The document would repeal ObamaCare “in its entirety,” and calls for “starting over with a patient-centered approach to health care reform.” The document does not get into deep specifics on what this might entail – one factor is a pending Supreme Court case over the law’s subsidies that could force Congress and the Obama administration to reconsider the policy, if the administration loses.

House Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price’s $3.8 trillion plan borrows heavily from prior GOP budgets, including a plan that would transform Medicare into a voucher-like ""premium support"" program for seniors joining Medicare in 2024 or later. They would receive a subsidy to purchase health insurance on the private market.

Meanwhile, Republicans are proposing using tens of billions of dollars in additional war funding to get around tight budget limits on the Pentagon.

The use of overseas military funds to skirt spending caps is a new feature. War spending is exempt from budget limits and the move would allow Republicans to effectively match Obama's proposal to boost defense spending by $38 billion above current limits. That was a key demand of the party's defense hawks.

But Senate Republicans, GOP aides say, are likely to reject the move to radically reshape Medicare and are more reluctant to use war funds to help out the Pentagon.

Price has also signaled he'll replicate Rep. Paul Ryan's approach to cutting Medicaid and food stamps by transforming them from federal programs into wholly state-run programs that receive lump sum funding from the government. That approach makes it easier to cut these programs without saying how many people would be dropped or how their benefits would be cut.

The nonbinding budget measure, while setting broad goals for spending and taxes, still requires follow-up legislation to implement. Republicans have never tried to implement its most controversial cuts and are unlikely to do so as long as Obama is president.

To meet their promise to balance the budget within a decade, Republicans would have to cut at least $5 trillion from a federal budget that's on track to total $50 trillion over that period. Senate Republicans will unveil their plan next.

The twin GOP budget plans will arrive as top lawmakers such as Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, are negotiating a $200 billion or so agreement that would permanently fix a flawed funding formula for Medicare physician payments -- adding perhaps $140 billion to the deficit over 10 years -- while at the same time the budget resolution will claim that the higher reimbursement rates for doctors will be ""paid for"" with cuts elsewhere in Medicare.

The Medicare ""docs' fix"" illustrates a truism in Washington: It's easy to vote for spending cuts when they're only hypothetical but excruciatingly hard when they're binding and spark opposition from powerful interest groups like health care providers.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3334,Hillary Clinton broke the rules: Our view,"As secretary of State, she ignored repeated warnings about email security.

Everyone, including Hillary Clinton, now agrees that the newly confirmed secretary of State made a mistake in 2009 when she decided, for the sake of “convenience,” to run her own email system out of her home in Chappaqua, N.Y., rather than use an official State Department email account.

But a new report by State's inspector general makes clear that within two years, Clinton's bad decision had turned into something far worse: a threat to national security, one that she repeatedly ignored despite multiple warnings.

Warning No. 1: The report, released last week, reveals that in January 2011, hackers were attacking her private server. Twice, the Hillary and Bill Clinton staffer responsible for maintaining the server had to shut it off to protect data held by America's top diplomat and the former president. The staffer notified State Department officials of the attempted hack, and Clinton’s top aides there emailed each other to say that “sensitive” matters should not be discussed with Clinton over email.

Warning No. 2: Two months later, the assistant secretary for diplomatic security sent a memorandum on cybersecurity threats directly to Clinton, warning of a dramatic increase in efforts ""to compromise the private home email accounts of senior department officials"" in a likely attempt to ""gain access to policy documents and personal information that could enable technical surveillance and possible blackmail.” The memo to Clinton warned her that some personal email accounts had already been compromised and had “been reconfigured … to automatically forward copies of all composed emails” to the hackers.

Warning No. 3: That May, Clinton herself suspected that there might have been another hacking incident when she ""received an email with a suspicious link."" Hours after her aides discussed the issue over email, Clinton received another email with a suspect link, this time from the personal account of the ""under secretary of State for political affairs.""

Warning No. 4: A month later, the State Department sent a cable to “all diplomatic and consular posts” about the dangers of unsecured personal email accounts. Staffers were ordered to “avoid conducting official Department business from your personal e-mail accounts.” Who signed that cable? Hillary Clinton.

Those warnings, coming in a span of six months, should have made any responsible public official, even one without Clinton’s access to classified information on cyber threats from the vast U.S. intelligence network, aware of the national security dangers of failing to secure the secretary of State’s email communications.

Instead, Clinton and several of her top aides continued to use personal email for sensitive State Department business thousands of times.

If Clinton wants to become the president of the United States, she needs to explain how she could make such a reckless decision. She had a chance to answer questions when the Obama administration-appointed inspector general contacted her about the investigation that was released last week. Among five recent secretaries of State, only Clinton refused.

While Clinton is under potential criminal investigation by the FBI for the mishandling of classified material sent through her email, remaining silent might be in her best interests and it is certainly her right. But to be president, she is going to have to convince voters that she can put the national security of the United States above her own short-term self-interest.

It's already clear that, in using the private email server, Clinton broke the rules. Now it remains to be seen whether she also broke the law.

USA TODAY's editorial opinions are decided by its Editorial Board, separate from the news staff. Most editorials are coupled with an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature.

To read more editorials, go to the Opinion front page or sign up for the daily Opinion e-mail newsletter.

On Tuesday, after this editorial was published, CNN's Jake Tapper asked Clinton to respond to the Editorial Board's criticism. She said it was ""obvious"" that she has always put national security above personal self-interest.",1
4873,"Trump surges in battleground, national polls","Donald Trump is surging in new battleground and national polls at a time when Hillary Clinton faces tough questions not only about her health but her sweeping criticism of her Republican opponent’s supporters.

Several surveys appear to show the Republican presidential nominee effectively ending, at least for now, a post-convention slump that saw Clinton leading in virtually every swing state. Now, a Monmouth University Poll shows Trump taking a narrow 2-point lead in Nevada; a Bloomberg Politics poll shows Trump leading Clinton by 5 points in Ohio; and new CNN/ORC polls show Trump leading in Florida and Ohio.

In the latter survey, Trump leads 46-41 percent among likely voters in Ohio, and 47-44 percent among likely voters in Florida.

“We’ve really had a good month,” Trump told Fox News’ “Fox & Friends,” claiming he’s enjoying renewed “enthusiasm” from voters.

Clinton, though, plans to return to the campaign trail Thursday afternoon after taking three days off to recover from a bout of pneumonia. While her campaign dispatched high-powered surrogates to the stump in her absence -- including Bill Clinton and President Obama -- the Democratic nominee’s presence could help reset the race once again.

The contest remains tight, and the polls are hardly uniform. A Quinnipiac University national poll released Wednesday showed Clinton leading 48-43 percent among likely voters.

But that still represents a narrowing of the race since a late-August survey showing Clinton up 10 points.

The recent surveys come as Clinton grapples with new controversies on two fronts: Her comment at a Friday fundraiser that half of Trump’s backers are in a “basket of deplorables,” and her campaign’s handling of a health scare on Sunday during a 15th anniversary ceremony honoring victims of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.

Clinton has since expressed regret for her “deplorables” comment, though Trump has called on her to outright retract it. And Clinton’s campaign has sought to answer questions about the former secretary of state's health, after Clinton was seen stumbling at the 9/11 memorial event in New York City.

The campaign said she was overheated and dehydrated, and revealed she had been diagnosed with pneumonia on Friday. While the incident revived long-simmering questions about her health, the campaign on Wednesday released additional medical details. Dr. Lisa Bardack, Clinton’s physician, said she is “recovering well with antibiotics and rest.”

Bardack also said Clinton remains “healthy and fit to serve.”

Trump, too, has tried to answer questions about his own health. He discussed the results of a recent physical with TV’s “Dr. Oz,” and told Fox News on Thursday “they were good.” The discussion with “Dr. Oz” will air on his show Thursday.

Meanwhile, the Clinton campaign maintains they always knew states like Ohio would be competitive – and they are building out their operation there.

The campaign announced that they will open a half-dozen new offices in the state, bringing their total to 54.",1
4810,Ballot Access: Another Way Dems and the GOP Screw Third Parties,"""A multi-party system is normal,"" says Richard Winger, publisher and editor of Ballot Access News. ""You only have a two party system if there's repression. It's not natural.""

With both major parties offering up two of the most unpopular presidential candidates in modern history, many voters (and the media) are paying more attention to third party options such as Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party and Green Party nominee Jill Stein.

But while independent candidates are gaining in popularity, getting them on the ballot to vote for them can be a long and costly process.

""There's so many ways in which the United States is near the bottom of democracy,"" says Winger, an expert in election law and ballot access. ""There's been unbelievable hostility in the last few months to minor parties.""

This hostility has resulted in states changing their ballot access rules—sometimes at the last minute—in an effort to exclude minor parties from the ballot.

One recent example of this was Gary Johnson's fight to remain on the ballot as a presidential candidate in Ohio after the secretary of state threatened to remove his name thanks to a frequently used rule that allows placeholder candidates when fulfilling ballot access requirements (read more about the incident here.)

""Ohio law explicitly says people who use the independent candidate petition procedure put a substitution committee on the petition,"" states Winger. But when it came time to remove the placeholder name and add Gary Johnson's, Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted ""acted like he never heard of such a thing!"" Winger exclaimed.

Johnson eventually qualified for the ballot as an independent candidate after his supporters turned in the necessary 5,000 petition signatures to Husted in late August.

""They act like the secretary of state did the Libertarians a big favor by letting them use this thing which has been used all along,"" Winger says. ""It's just so maddening.""

Reason TV recently sat down with Winger to discuss which states have the worst ballot access laws, why the major parties give independent candidates such a hard time when it comes to getting on the ballot, and the consequences of a two party duopoly.

""This is one the things that anchors me being a libertarian,"" says Winger. ""Before the government got involved in printing ballots we had total freedom.""

Produced by Alexis Garcia. Camera by Alex Manning and Paul Detrick. Music by Alex Fitch.

Like us on Facebook.

Subscribe to our podcast at iTunes.",1
2836,The secret plot behind the creation of ISIS,"ISIS, the world understands, is a violent jihadist group driven by twisted religious devotion and its dream of radical Islamist conquest. ISIS's own members understand the group that way. But what if they're wrong? What if ISIS is not a spontaneous religious movement, but rather was constructed by a shadowy group of secular military leaders to fulfill their secret agenda?

Explosive new documents uncovered by Der Spiegel's Christoph Reuter, published on Saturday, reveal that there is a dark secret at the heart of ISIS. It was not radical Islamists who conceived and created ISIS, they suggest, but rather a small group of senior Iraqi officers in Saddam Hussein's brutal police state. Their plan appears to have been to use ISIS to reconquer Iraq. For them, jihadism was simply a means to the end of retaking the country they had lost, a counterattack to the 2003 US-led invasion that toppled them from power.

Der Spiegel says it uncovered the documents from a house in Syria that was used by a former Iraqi military intelligence official who, before he was killed in a 2014 firefight, went by the name Haji Bakr. The documents show the blueprint for the creation of the Islamic State, written before the group became what it is today and executed to detail. While we have known for some time that former officers in Saddam's military were working with ISIS — they shared a Sunni background and a hatred of the new American-installed government — these documents suggest the officers were far more involved in planning and launching the Islamic State than previously thought.

As Der Spiegel's stunning investigation found, ISIS was organized in much the same way as Saddam's police state. Haji Bakr's goal was to use the chaos and extremism of the Syrian war to build up this new group in Syria, giving it a beachhead from which it could invade and conquer much of Iraq. Once there, it would set up an intricate and Orwellian system of control in the mold of Saddam's Iraq.

ISIS, in other words, would replace one totalitarianism with another. Though Saddam's Iraq had been Sunni and secular and ISIS's Iraq would be Sunni and Islamist, this same group of former Saddam officials would remain at the top. For Haji Bakr and the other officers working with him, the group's apocalyptic jihadism would simply be a vehicle for their return to power.

There is a simple reason why there is no mention in Bakr's writings of prophecies relating to the establishment of an Islamic State allegedly ordained by God: He believed that fanatical religious convictions alone were not enough to achieve victory. But he did believe that the faith of others could be exploited. In 2010, Bakr and a small group of former Iraqi intelligence officers made Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the emir and later ""caliph,"" the official leader of the Islamic State. They reasoned that Baghdadi, an educated cleric, would give the group a religious face. [Haji] Bakr was ""a nationalist, not an Islamist,"" says Iraqi journalist Hisham al-Hashimi.

Bakr's journey from serving in a violently secular regime to helping found a violently Islamist group began in 2003, after the US-led invasion of Iraq. One of America's first decisions on taking Iraq — a terrible mistake that has haunted the region ever since — was to disband Iraq's enormous army, leaving its officers and soldiers with no income. Haji Bakr was left ""bitter and unemployed,"" a source who knew him told Der Spiegel, as were many officers like him.

This speaks to a terrible irony of the 2003 American-led invasion of Iraq. The war was premised in part on the assertion that Saddam's regime was linked to anti-American jihadist terrorists. This was a falsehood. But the invasion made this falsehood true — and in more terrible fashion than we ever imagined possible.

Haji Bakr, desperate after 2003 to defeat the Americans and the new Shia-majority government, fought alongside Sunni extremists in Iraq. Later, he began constructing ISIS. As Der Spiegel's investigation found, he was able to use his knowledge of running an oppressive security state to build up ISIS into more than just another jihadist group.

Bakr had something else that proved essential: deep contacts with Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad's military and intelligence services. This allowed him to arrange the unofficial alliance of convenience between ISIS and Assad, as the two tacitly tolerate one another in Syria and fight their mutual enemies there.

As Der Spiegel's Reuter writes, there are unmistakable parallels in the architectures of ISIS and of Saddam's Iraq. ""The two systems ultimately shared a conviction that control over the masses should lie in the hands of a small elite that should not be answerable to anyone,"" he writes. ""The secret of [ISIS's] success lies in the combination of opposites, the fanatical beliefs of one group and the strategic calculations of the other.""",1
3052,Emotional Attachment to Political Parties Seems to Make People More Knee-Jerk in Their Beliefs,"Part of the fun in watching two politicians debate is seeing their foreheads sweat, their spit fly, and their fists pound the podium. Emotion is a hallmark of politics; at a certain point, logic and reason are tossed out the window and passion takes over, whether the setting is a televised debate or a dinnertime argument.

A new study published in the journal PLOS One lends some support to the idea that the more emotional people get when politics comes up, the less likely they are to think things through clearly. A team led by Michael Bang Petersen, a professor of political science at Aarhus University in Denmark, asked 58 subjects ages 19 to 32 to report their political ties. Then, the researchers attached electrodes to the index and middle fingers of the participants’ nondominant hands; these measured their physiological responses by recording small amounts of sweat present on the fingertips.

The subjects were then shown 16 policy proposals, each with the logo from one of two rival Danish political parties affixed to it — “We should lower the tax on income,” for example, or “The police should be far more visible.” Subjects were asked to what extent they agreed or disagreed with the proposal. The catch was that the party names were assigned randomly to the proposals — sometimes a proposal was paired with a party that didn’t actually support it. In other words, this was a test for knee-jerk support for anything with a given party’s brand affixed to it.

Perhaps unsurprisingly, it was the emotionally engaged participants who were the most knee-jerk. All things being equal, those participants who experienced a strong physiological response when their party’s logo appeared tended to report that they agreed with that party’s proposals, no matter their content — that is, they blindly nodded along, at least in this experiment, to anything “proposed,” even fictitiously, by their party.

“We build up emotional attachments to objects if we experience them in emotional, activating contexts,” explained Petersen, and this can apply as much to politics as to any other area. “So if positive feelings are elicited when I watch Barack Obama, when I go to a Democratic convention, and when I’m around other Democrats, then my emotional systems will automatically begin to associate things that are linked to the Democratic party with positive affect.”

Once those emotional ties are in place, they’re almost impossible to change. You can try to put yourself in a situation where your opinions are tested, said Petersen, which is a good way to increase the cognitive effort involved in decision-making: If you have to justify your choice, you usually rely on reason over emotion to make it. But that can easily backfire. “You might simply put more effort into justifying the already-held opinion rather than changing the underlying one,” Peterson said.

In short, once you’re a biased partisan, it’s difficult to see the other side. As Petersen puts it, “it’s like choosing football teams. You don’t make a rational assessment about which team is better or which team deserves to win. You support your team no matter what.”",1
1466,Donald Trump’s despotic fantasies: Here’s what the world would look like if he were president,"He had also vividly shown his colors at that point with his daily evocation on the stump of Bowe Bergdahl, whom he called a “dirty, rotten, traitor” who would have been summarily executed back in the day “when we were strong.” He promised to make our military so strong our heads would spin and he declared himself a big second amendment person. He promised to “renegotiate deals” with every country in the world to get a better result for America although he was vague about exactly what that meant beyond complaining about all the foreign cars he allegedly sees coming off of ships in American ports.

From the beginning Trump has said that we “don’t have time” to be politically correct anymore, that our problems are so severe that we have to do “whatever is necessary” to make America great again. He has not hidden his intentions. But now that he has been a national frontrunner for more than six months, perhaps it’s time to revisit this subject and look at his agenda as he’s unveiled it since last summer.

First, on the deportation issue: When asked how he would go about it, he has said that he would have a “deportation force” to find, detain and repatriate suspected undocumented immigrants and their children, some of whom are Americans (but he’d fix that too.) When quizzed in the debates he had this to say to John Kasich’s assertion that deporting all these millions of people is not a serious proposal:

All I can say is, you’re lucky in Ohio that you struck oil. That’s for one thing. Let me just tell you that Dwight Eisenhower, good president, great president. People liked him. I like Ike, right, the expression, “I like Ike.” Moved 1.5 million illegal immigrants out of this country. Moved them just beyond the border. They came back. Moved them again beyond the border. They came back. Didn’t like it. Moved them way south. They never came back. Let me just tell you that Dwight Eisenhower, good president, great president. People liked him. I like Ike, right, the expression, “I like Ike.” Moved 1.5 million illegal immigrants out of this country. Moved them just beyond the border. They came back. Moved them again beyond the border. They came back. Didn’t like it. Moved them way south. They never came back.

He, of course, plans to eventually build a wall so high that nobody can climb over it, apparently enlisting Jack and his magic beanstalk for engineering advice. But that comment was no joke. He’s talking about the infamous Operation Wetback. And people never came back because they’d been left in the middle of the desert without water and died.

After Paris and San Bernardino his authoritarianism took another dark turn. His famous statement that the U.S. should ban all Muslims from entering the country “until we find out what the hell is going on” was actually the culmination of a number of comments indicating that there could be a registry of Muslims and surveillance of mosques and other places where one might find American Muslims. (In other words, everywhere.) He reiterated the standard fatuous right wing bromide about arming everyone so that they could shoot down terrorists before they have a chance to explode their suicide vests. And he enthusiastically endorsed torture. and not just for interrogation purposes but as a punitive measure:

“Would I approve waterboarding? You bet your ass I would — in a heartbeat,” Trump said to loud cheers during a rally at a convention center here Monday night that attracted thousands. “And I would approve more than that. Don’t kid yourself, folks. It works, okay? It works. Only a stupid person would say it doesn’t work.” Trump said such techniques are needed to confront terrorists who “chop off our young people’s heads” and “build these iron cages, and they’ll put 20 people in them and they drop them in the ocean for 15 minutes and pull them up 15 minutes later.” “It works,” Trump said over and over again. “Believe me, it works. And you know what? If it doesn’t work, they deserve it anyway, for what they’re doing. It works.”

When discussing what he would do with the families of suspected terrorists he was a bit more vague, but when you consider his other commentary the implication is clear:

He has a fantasy about the wives of the 9/11 hijackers having foreknowledge of the attacks and tuning in on TV with their children to watch daddy fly into the World Trade Center. Except for the fact that the hijackers weren’t married and had no kids, it would be an interesting tale.

He has also blamed San Bernardino terrorist Sayed Farook’s mother and sister, suggesting the government need to “get tough” to deal with them:

We better get a little tough, and a little smart, or we’re in trouble.” And he’s openly said he would commit war crimes and explicitly target the families of suspected ISIS terrorists: “We’re fighting a very politically correct war. And the other thing with the terrorists — you have to take out their families. When you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families! They care about their lives, don’t kid yourselves. They say they don’t care about their lives. But you have to take out their families.” On the domestic front, Trump has made it very, very clear that in addition to his “deportation force,” he believes the country needs to allow the police agencies much more latitude: “We’re going to get, you know, the gang members in Baltimore and in Chicago and these are some tough dudes. They’re going to be out so fast. One of the first thing I’m going to do is get rid of those gang members. We’re going to be – you know, you look at what’s going on with Baltimore, you look at what’s going on in Chicago and Ferguson and St. Louis the other night. We are going to get rid of those gang members so fast your head will spin. You know, we can be very tough. I just met your cops outside. Those police are tough cookies. Those guys – we need law and order. We need law and order. I mean, they allowed – in one night, that first night in Baltimore – they allowed that city to be destroyed. And they set it back 35 years. One night. Because the police were not allowed to protect people. They weren’t allowed to protect people. We have incredible law enforcement in this country and we have to be – the head of the police in Chicago is a person I know. Originally from New York. He’s a phenomenal guy. He can stop things if they’re allowed to stop them. He can stop it. Believe me. He has never explained exactly what he means when he says he plans to “get rid of those gang members so fast your head will spin,” but evoking his relationship close to Chicago’s police chief might be a clue. He exhorts citizens to spy on each other and report activities to the authorities. And he made a solemn pledge to police everywhere: “One of the first things I’d do in terms of executive order, if I win, will be to sign a strong, strong statement that would go out to the country, out to the world, anybody killing a police man, a police woman, a police officer, anybody killing a police officer, the death penalty is going to happen.” Considering the summary execution pantomime he does on the trail every day when he talks about Bowe Bergdahl it’s fair to assume he has some ideas about how that might be handled. Finally, Trump has welcomed the approbation of Vladimir Putin, Russia’s authoritarian-strongman leader, even going so far as to defend him against charges that he has killed journalists who challenged him. He has joked that he wouldn’t kill any journalists himself — well, probably: I hate some of these people, I hate ’em,” Trump told the crowd. “I would never kill them. I would never do that.” Then he decided to reconsider. “Uh, let’s see, uh?” he said aloud, his voice rising. “No, I would never do that.” Trump’s comments on journalists came after he spoke about Russian President Vladimir Putin, who lavished Trump with praise last week. Claims that Putin ordered the killings of Russian journalists are well-documented, but Trump has argued that those deaths are disputed and without evidence. Trump did charge once again that some of the reporters in the back of the room are “such lying disgusting people,” but as the crowd turned to angrily face those reporters, Trump pulled them back. This past week Trump spoke admiringly of another despot — North Korea’s Kim Jong Un: “You’ve got to give him credit: How many young guys — he was like 26 or 25 when his father died — take over these tough generals and all of a sudden, you know, it’s pretty amazing when you think of it. How does he do that?” “Even though it is a culture, and it’s a culture thing, he goes in, he takes over, he’s the boss. It’s incredible.” “I mean, it’s amazing that a young guy would go over and take over. You know, you would have thought that these tough generals would have said no way this is gonna happen when the father died. “So he’s gotta have something going for him, because he kept control, which is amazing for a young person to do.” He did say Kim was a “total nut job” but it’s fairly obvious Trump doesn’t see that as much of a problem. “He’s the boss” and “he kept control” and that is what Trump sees as true leadership. He figures that just as he would get along well with Putin, he and Kim Jong Un could forge and understanding.  They all have a lot in common. And millions of freedom loving Republicans think that’s just terrific. His poll numbers have never gone down since he threw his hat in the ring last June. They aren’t backing him because he’s promising to shrink the government or lower taxes or create jobs. He very rarely even brings such issues up. What he talks about on the stump is how popular he is, how much money he has, and how hard he will bring the hammer down on all the “bad people” who are making America not so great. And he will have so many victories they’ll be coming out of your ears. He will do all this because all it takes is “being tough and smart” and having a proper disdain for “political correctness” — formerly known as democracy, the constitution and the rule of law.",1
314,"In the United States, anxiety is up, but crime is down","Felony crime declined nationwide in 2015, continuing a historic drop. But mass shootings in San Bernardino, Calif., and Charleston, S.C. – as well as a slight uptick in the number of murders – have contributed to the feeling of unease.

Latonya Jones holds a photo of her mother, Bettie Jones, during a vigil on Sunday, in Chicago. Jones, an antiviolence activist and mother of five, was accidentally killed early Saturday by officers responding to a domestic disturbance on the city’s West Side, police said.

Earlier this month, when New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton told fellow officers that 2015 will end up being the safest year ever in New York City history, he paused to note that it was also “a year of great contradictions.”

Despite the fact that the nation’s largest city is still experiencing historic drops in crime, Commissioner Bratton’s tone was somber: Four police officers had died in the line of duty since this time last year, making the latest crime statistics ring somewhat hollow in a “terrible” year for the NYPD.

And such is the mood across the nation, in many ways. A study at the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University found that overall crime was still declining throughout the United States a bit in 2015. Felony crime declined 1.5 percent nationwide, and dropped by roughly 2 percent in New York. But the highly visible violence of the past year – such as mass shootings in San Bernardino, Calif.; Roseburg, Ore; and Charleston, S.C. – as well as a slight uptick in the number of murders, has contributed to the feeling of great contradictions when it comes to crime.

Indeed, 7 in 10 Americans said they believed there was more crime in the US this year than last, according to a Gallup poll in October, up from 2014. That’s despite the fact that the nation’s crime rates have plummeted over the past two decades. But as the polling center noted about its annual survey, “Americans' perceptions of crime … are not always on par with reality.”

“The public's perception of media coverage certainly gives a skewed image of what's going on with crime,” said Matthew Freidman, an economist with the Brennan Center in New York and coauthor of the study, to NPR last week. “What we find is that though we've seen a nearly three-decades-long decline in crime rates, public perception does not match that.”

The rise of social media and the 24-hour digital news cycle, as well as the high-profile nature of some of the deaths, may play into that.

For example, last December, two NYPD officers were gunned down in their patrol cars – randomly targeted by a man who said he wanted revenge for the shootings of black men. A sheriff’s deputy in Texas was shot at a gas station in August, and many police officers say they have felt under siege over the past year. However, there were 39 officers shot and killed so far in 2015 – a drop from 2014, when 47 were shot and killed, according to the Officer Down Memorial Page.

At the same, concerns about the number of people shot by police or who died in custody continues to create a climate of tension throughout the country. From the death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore to the shooting of a black teen and the accidental killing of a black mother and activist in Chicago over the weekend, it has been a year in which violence has drawn much of the nation’s attention.

It is true that many cities saw a rise in the number of murders this year. In New York, there were 339 as of Christmas Day – slightly more than last year’s all-time low of 333, but still well below the 536 murders recorded in 2010.

However, Los Angeles, Chicago, and Houston are each projected to see double-digit increases in their murder rates this year. In Baltimore, Milwaukee, and St. Louis, rates have reached levels not seen since the 1990s, studies have found.

But scholars point out that despite such spikes this year, such statistics do not yet indicate a reversal in the dramatic drop in violence in the US over the past few decades, and can be attributed to normal variations in annual numbers. The overall crime rate is still half what it was in 1990, and nearly a quarter of what it was in 2000.

“The increase in the murder rate is insufficient to drive up the crime rate, and using murder as a proxy for crime overall is mistaken,” the Brennan study notes. “It is important to remember just how much crime has fallen in the last 25 years.”

But tensions remain high, fueled in part by the terror attacks in San Bernardino and Paris. Some 40 percent of Americans say that they believe the terrorists are winning – more than at any time after 9/11 – according to a CNN/ORC poll released Monday.

With the rise of the Black Lives Matter protest movement calling for an end to policing policies that activists say unfairly target minorities, many continue to perceive a “year of great contradictions.” Since last year, some high-profile deaths of black men and some women at police hands have prompted continued clashes and a feeling of unease within the nation’s law enforcement systems and the communities they serve.

In Chicago, police shot and killed two black people over the holiday weekend, including a 55-year-old mother of five and antiviolence activist who was accidentally killed after officers responded to a domestic disturbance by an emotionally disturbed college student.

The shootings come just a month after the Justice Department began an investigation of the Chicago Police Department after the release of a video showing the shooting death of a black teen last year. The video led to murder charges for the white police officer who shot the teen and the resignation of the city’s police commissioner.

By contrast, on Monday, a grand jury in Cleveland declined to bring charges against either of the two officers involved in the shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice, who was playing with an Airsoft gun in a park at the time he was shot.

In New York, like the rest of the country, many report a growing sense of anxiety about crime and policing. But in the past five years, crime continued to fall, even as police have made dramatically fewer arrests.

New York City police arrested about 333,000 people through Dec. 20, The New York Times reported, down 13 percent from the 385,000 arrested last year. And these numbers are way down from the 423,000 arrests made in 2010.

So despite the fact that 2015 has been in many ways a rough and contradictory year, police officials are optimistic as both overall crime and the number of arrests continue to fall.

“This is going to be, potentially, a very significant year in terms of the history of index crime in New York City,” Dermot Shea, deputy commissioner of operations for the NYPD, told the Times.",1
3502,"Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton showcase clashing styles at times of crisis","The mass shooting in Orlando, Florida, Sunday exposed the two presumptive major party nominees -- Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton -- to a penetrating examination of their characters and political instincts at a moment of crisis.

The worst terror attack on American soil since 9/11 has become a test of leadership as they vie for the world's most powerful job and a chance to scramble for political advantage in the general election campaign.

There's an accepted playbook for politicians to respond to tragedies wrought by terrorism: It involves not rushing to conclusions but promising to punish the perpetrators. Often a flurry of new plans to combat terrorism is produced. And leaders generally mourn the dead, avoid stigmatizing the entire Muslim community and invoke lofty ideals of national unity rather than partisan politics.

In doing so, they emulate the unifying instincts shown by past commanders in chief at moments of extreme national grief and fear. President George W. Bush, in an iconic display after 9/11, stood on a pile of rubble at Ground Zero to vow vengeance against al Qaeda but also visited a Muslim community center.

In the shocking hours following Sunday's attack on an LGBT nightclub by a gunman apparently inspired by ISIS, Clinton largely chose to follow this tried-and-tested rulebook, with a few departures from the script for her own political benefit.

Trump, however, tore it to shreds, demonstrating once again the extent to which he represents a radical departure from established political norms, thrilling his supporters and alarming his foes.

The real estate developer went out of his way to play politics with the tragedy, with fearsome attacks on Clinton and President Barack Obama within hours of the rampage and a blistering speech Monday that appeared to equate all Muslims with the homegrown radicals behind recent terror attacks.

He presented himself as a candidate of change, urgency -- and the antidote to the status quo exemplified by Clinton. That conventional approach, he charged, allowed terror to fester, and he accused the former secretary of state of wanting to take away Americans' guns and let radical Muslim immigrants slaughter innocents.

And in one of his first tweets after the killing spree Sunday, he called on Obama to resign if he's not willing to use the words ""radical Islamic terrorism.""

""We need a new leader. We need a new leader fast,"" Trump said at Saint Anselm College in New Hampshire on Monday. ""They have put political correctness above common sense, above your safety, and above all else. I refuse to be politically correct.""

He added, ""The days of deadly ignorance will end, and they will end soon if I'm elected.""

If he does win the election, Trump's actions over the last two days suggest that not only will America's posture in the global war on terror change significantly, but the entire mold of how the U.S. president responds to tragedies and national crises could also be shattered.

Clinton has responded the Orlando attack in a more conventional way -- but that, too, represents a political overture, even if a subtler one.

She sought to neutralize the potency of Trump's attacks over her language by telling CNN's ""New Day"" Monday that she was willing to use the term ""radical Islamism.""

And the horror unfolded two weeks after she lacerated Trump's temperament, worldview and knowledge, which she said disqualified him from being America's commander in chief.

So it's a natural extension of her campaign strategy to build upon that argument through the aftermath of the latest terror strike on U.S. soil.

On Monday, she took Trump's arguments about increased scrutiny of the Muslim community and his calls for tough new immigration policies and argued they would make America less safe.

""Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric and threatening to ban the families and friends of Muslim Americans as well as millions of Muslim business people and tourists from entering our country hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror,"" she said.

""So does saying that we have to start special surveillance on our fellow Americans because of their religion,"" she continued. ""That's wrong. And it's also dangerous. It plays right into the terrorists' hands.""

Trump, however, has been undeterred by this argument.

He's instead provided tough talk about Muslims and terrorists, speaking with declarative directness about crushing terrorism in a way some voters might find more satisfying than the cliches uttered by political leaders ever since the September 11 attacks.

Indeed, tough talk on terror is a cause behind which many Republicans, even those who are skeptical of Trump, can unite and offers at least the prospect of Obama's rising approval numbers, which are currently above 50% and thereforehelpful to Clinton.

Trump offered a frank admission after ISIS-inspired massacres in France and San Bernardino, California, last year that acts of terrorism and his strong response help his poll numbers.

But he also risks alienating voters not enamored of sweeping statements that can be untruthful.

He seemed to suggest Monday that every Muslim immigrant was potentially a savage terrorist. He said the perpetrator of the Orlando attacks was an Afghan, even though he was an American born in New York. And he made unsubstantiated claims that Clinton is looking to confiscate all Americans' guns and wants to let loose Islamic terrorists.

Voters sizing up Trump as a potential president might also note that he tends to tear open political divides rather than to build bridges at a time of crisis. And in the aftermath of the tragedy, Trump appeared to be preoccupied that the media was not treating him fairly, according to one of his Facebook posts in which he explained that he was rescinding the press credentials of The Washington Post.

Everything Clinton has done since the attack seems to have had the ulterior motive of setting up an implied contrast with Trump to exploit this possible vulnerability.

Where Trump was impulsive in his brash Twitter response to the attack, Clinton was moderate. Her initial tweet and statements avoided overt politicization of the tragedy and she left it to her communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, to fire back at Trump in a volley that quickly turned the tragedy into a political war of words.

Clinton, like her rival, was framed by American flags for her speech responding to the massacre, but in comparison, she spoke deliberately and unveiled a detailed plan to combat the evolving scourge of homegrown terrorism.

Though she chose not to mention Trump by name, her speech was a clear repudiation of the policies the Republican espoused a few hours later.

""The Orlando terrorist may be dead, but the virus that poisoned his mind remains very much alive. And we must attack it with clear eyes, steady hands, unwavering determination and pride in our country and our values,"" Clinton said.

While she proposed an effort to root out terrorism in the Middle East and at home, she stressed, unlike Trump, that Muslims must be part of the process.

She also didn't hesitate to jump into the fray on the key Democratic issue of gun control, calling for more efforts by the U.S. government to stop ""weapons of war"" from getting into the hands of radicalized Americans.

And she reached out to a core political support base -- the LGBT community -- expressing empathy for the attack on a place where those who died had imagined they were safe and among friends who understood them.

Overall, Clinton sought to portray herself as the kind of sober, unifying figure dedicated to considered action and meticulous planning that many Americans expect to see in their president.

Yet the risk for her, in part, is being seen as a figure of continuity at a time when many Americans are becoming increasingly fearful for their security and could begin to blame the Obama administration for the new instances of terror on its watch.

Obama, for all his rhetorical gifts, has come under criticism in recent months for not adequately communicating with an American public reeling from multiple attacks on the West.

His analytical, reserved, no-drama style could hardly be more different than that of the pyrotechnical Trump -- one reason why the Republican presumptive nominee has drawn millions of supporters.

Clinton, while more hawkish in her rhetoric than Obama, would be a far more conventional national security president than Trump, partly owing to experience on the international stage as a former first lady and secretary of state.

So far it's not clear if the wider general electorate will prefer the outspoken billionaire's brand of anti-terror politics or gravitate to Clinton's more sober persona.

But each candidate is betting in the wake of the worst mass shooting on U.S. soil that they have best responded to the national mood.",1
2511,Trump says building a U.S.-Mexico wall is ‘easy.’ But is it really?,"For centuries, societies have erected walls and fences to separate themselves from their neighbors, from the Great Wall of China through the Berlin Wall right up to the barrier that today divides Israel from the Palestinians on the West Bank.

The United States has debated putting up security barriers of its own along the Southwest border and has spent billions of dollars in recent years fencing one-third of it.

Now, Donald Trump is proposing to go even further, vowing to build a massive, impenetrable wall along the U.S.-Mexico frontier to keep out illegal Mexican migrants. 

“Building a wall is easy, and it can be done inexpensively,” the Republican presidential candidate said in an interview. “It’s not even a difficult project if you know what you’re doing.’’

The wall has become the signature proposal of Trump’s campaign, which has stirred widespread controversy over its focus on illegal immigration and his comments about immigrants.

Any wall-building effort would cost billions of dollars and encounter a variety of obstacles, according to experts, documents and federal officials, including some of the same difficulties that bedeviled the federal government as it spent more than $7 billion on border fencing. The hurdles include environmental and engineering problems; fights with ranchers and others who don’t want to give up their land; and the huge topographical challenges of the border, which runs through remote desert in Arizona to rugged mountains in New Mexico and, for two-thirds of its length, along rivers.

“It’s extremely challenging to put a brick-and-mortar wall along the Southwest border for any number of reasons,” said Richard Stana, who wrote multiple reports on border security for the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office before retiring in 2011. “It seems very simplistic.”

If such a barrier could be erected, experts and government officials agreed that making it impenetrable would be virtually impossible, as is completely securing the entire 1,954-mile border. The Department of Homeland Security is already spending millions of dollars a year to maintain existing fences and to repair breaches, according to government reports and officials, while drug traffickers and smugglers are increasingly using tunnels to pass underneath.

While a wall along much of the border might theoretically be possible, said Thad Bingel, a former senior U.S. Customs and Border Protection official, “is it desirable? At what cost, and what do you give up to pay for that?’’

Bingel — who was involved in border fence-building during the George W. Bush administration and is now a partner at Command Consulting Group in Washington — added: “Every wall can be circumvented. People can go under it, they can go over it. . . . No one should go into this with the idea that if you just build the right kind of wall, no one will get through.’’

Trump disputed that, saying that a wall “would be very effective” in deterring illegal migrants and that seismic and other equipment could detect and stop any underground tunnels. “A wall is better than fencing, and it’s much more powerful,” he said. “It’s more secure. It’s taller.”

The veteran builder acknowledged that environmental impact studies would be difficult but said he is the one person who can rise to the challenge. “I’m considered a great builder, by everybody,” he said, adding that cost is irrelevant because he would force Mexico to pay for the structure. Asked whether that was realistic, Trump said: “It’s realistic if you know something about the art of negotiating. If you have a bunch of clowns negotiating, it’s not realistic.”

Trump has emerged as a leading GOP candidate partly because of his strong statements about immigration, which have included describing Mexicans entering the country illegally as “rapists” and “murderers.” He has suggested at times that his proposed wall would be extensive and would cover nearly the entire border, but said in the interview: “You don’t have to build it in every location. There would be some locations where you would have guards, where you don’t need it because the topography acts as its own wall, whether that’s water or very rough terrain.”

[Univision cuts ties with Trump over comments about Mexican immigrants]

The concept of a wall or fence along virtually the entire border has bubbled up occasionally in the nation’s immigration debate, with some Republicans supporting the idea. Today, there are more than 45 such walls and border fences worldwide, perhaps most prominently Israel’s West Bank barrier.

While Israeli officials say it has reduced attacks, security specialists say that barrier, slated to be more than 400 miles long when finished, is not comparable to what would be required along the far more extensive U.S. Southwest border. The Israelis, they add, supplement the physical concrete barrier with a mix of border police and technology, much as the Department of Homeland Security does in the United States.

The U.S. government began building border fencing near San Diego in 1990. As DHS cracked down on illegal immigration after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, President George W. Bush dramatically expanded the effort. Spending on border fencing and related infrastructure such as lighting shot up from $298 million in 2006 to $1.5 billion the following year, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service.

Overall, more than $7 billion has been spent to build what is now almost 653 miles of Southwest border fencing — costing nearly $5 million per mile in some spots — nearly half in Arizona.

The costs could rise substantially if extensive new fencing was built, since it would be in increasingly remote regions without roads and in mountainous terrain, said Marc Rosenblum, deputy director of the U.S. immigration policy program at the Migration Policy Institute. Adding even more to the expense, he said, would be acquiring private land near the border and maintaining existing fencing.

Trump’s wall would probably cost far more than fencing, Stana said, given the greater needs for construction materials and labor.

While current and former DHS officials say the fencing has been effective in deterring illegal immigration, they say it is only one part of a broader border strategy that includes expanded sensors, drones and other technology, along with growing numbers of Border Patrol officers.

“Our southern border is a mixture of winding river, desert and mountains. Simply building more fences is not the answer,” DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson said in an October speech.

The government’s difficulties in erecting fences highlight the challenges of building a wall, experts said. The fencing mandated by Congress in 2006 was beset by delays, surging construction costs and disputes with private property owners, mostly in Texas, DHS officials have said. The biggest failure was the virtual fence, a Bush administration effort to cover the border with a high-tech surveillance system.

“It’s a huge effort to construct anything at the border,” said one DHS official, who has worked in Republican and Democratic administrations and spoke on the condition of anonymity because Trump’s plan is part of a political campaign. “You have lots of requirements to do construction: the environmental piece, engineering assessments. And a private landowner might not want fencing.”

Wayne Cornelius, director of the Mexican migration field research program at the University of California at San Diego, called Trump’s proposal “ludicrous. . . . Any physical barrier can be tunneled under or climbed over or gotten around. There will always be gaps, and smugglers and migrants will seek out those gaps and go through.”

Robert Costa and Alice Crites contributed to this story.",1
4013,U.S.-backed Syrian rebels appeal for antiaircraft missiles,"U.S.-backed rebels in Syria appealed to the Obama administration Friday for anti­aircraft missiles to defend their positions against relentless Russian airstrikes that have so far mostly targeted the moderate opposition to President Bashar al-Assad’s rule.

A joint statement issued by the United States and other Western allies who have collectively aided moderate rebel units urged Russia to stop targeting moderate rebels and “to focus its efforts on fighting ISIL,” the acronym referring to the Islamic State.

U.S. officials indicated that there is no immediate plan to offer additional assistance to the rebel units that have been armed and trained under a covert CIA-led program aimed at supporting moderate groups and weakening Assad’s hold on power.

The covert operation is separate from a much-publicized Pentagon program to train a force to fight the Islamic State that has so far produced no more than four or five loyal fighters, and it is widely credited with having helped rebel advances­ over the past six months in the areas now being targeted by the Russians.

Russian warplanes sustained their bombardment of rebel positions in northern Syria for a third day Friday, and for the first time, the Defense Ministry in Moscow said the strikes also hit targets in the heart of Islamic State territory, in the north-central Syrian province of Raqqa.

A Russian Defense Ministry spokesman, Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov, said two strikes overnight Thursday hit an Islamic State training camp and a command post south of the city of Raqqa, expanding the scope of the air campaign.

But continued airstrikes Friday suggested that Russia’s main priority remains the anti-Assad rebellion in northern and western Syria, which poses a greater threat to the regime’s control over Damascus, the capital, than the forces­ of the Islamic State, concentrated in the far north and east of the country.

The attacks by Russian warplanes on the provinces of Hama, Homs and Idlib “did not target Daesh,” said the joint statement by the United States and its allies, using the Arabic acronym for the Islamic State. “These military actions constitute a further escalation and will only fuel more extremism and radicalization.”

The statement was signed by the governments of the United States, France, Germany, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and the United Kingdom, which have collectively participated in the effort to arm and train moderate rebels through joint operations centers in Turkey and Jordan.

One of the groups that has received weapons and training under the program said its positions in the Hama town of Latamneh were hit by 15 bombs Friday, the third and heaviest consecutive day of strikes against the town. Although Russian officials have insisted that their attacks are only targeting the Islamic State, the al-Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra or “other” terrorist organizations, no other military group is present in the town, according to Capt. Mustafa Moarati, a spokesman for the Tajamu al-Izza rebel brigade.

He said a video released by the Russian Defense Ministry on Thursday purportedly showing the destruction of an Islamic State headquarters in fact was of a command center of the U.S.-backed group. The Russians are using Su-34 warplanes that are more sophisticated than any in the existing Syrian air force, enabling a more accurate delivery of higher-ordnance missiles than had been the case when Syrian warplanes were bombing, he said.

“They are doing this for two reasons. Firstly, because we are friends with the United States and they want to challenge the United States. And secondly, to vanquish the Free Syrian Army on the ground to show the world that only extremists are fighting Assad and that therefore he should survive,” Moarati said, moments before a huge explosion interrupted the call with him.

It was the second Russian strike of the day and the sixth in three days, he said, later adding that 13 more strikes followed. He said his unit has already received TOW anti­tank missiles from the United States under the covert program. Unless it also receives anti­aircraft missiles, his unit is in danger of being eliminated, he said.

“At least they could give us anti­aircraft missiles,” he said.

[This is Russia’s air power in Syria]

Hassan Haj Ali, the commander of Suqour al-Jabal, another U.S.-backed group targeted by Russian strikes Thursday, said that unless the United States offers help to the rebels it has supported so far, there is a risk of further radicalizing rebels who have so far adhered to the moderate demands of the 2011 uprising against Assad’s rule. He said he had not received any response to a request for help from the United States, relayed through intermediaries, who said they would consult with U.S. leaders.

“We need one of two things. Either a clear policy from the United States to prevent Russia and the regime from bombing Syrians, or otherwise they should send us anti­aircraft missiles so that we can confront the Russian planes,” he said, speaking from the main front line between rebels and the Islamic State in the northern Aleppo town of Marae.

“If they don’t help us, people will lose trust in our supporters, and this will increase extremism,” he added.

A U.S military official said the request was under consideration. Repeated requests by U.S.-backed rebels to be supplied with anti­aircraft missiles to be used against Syrian aircraft have been repeatedly refused in the past.

“It’s a complicated question and an even more complicated answer,” said the official, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss the matter freely. “Any decisions that we make, there are going to be ramifications,” not just for the United States but also for Washington’s partners in the military coalition against the Islamic State, he said.

Roth reported from Moscow. Missy Ryan in Washington and Sam Rifaie in Beirut contributed to this report.

Why Russia is in Syria

This is Russia’s air power in Syria",1
333,Dogs hit escapees' scent at gas station near prison,"(CNN) Investigators are looking at surveillance video from a gas station about a mile from the New York prison where two inmates escaped over the weekend, Clinton County District Attorney Andrew Wylie told CNN on Thursday night.

Tracking dogs picked up the scent of prisoners Richard Matt and David Sweat at the station and followed it east toward the town of Cadyville, Wylie said.

There is also a Subway sandwich shop at the gas station and Wylie said the prisoners might have been looking for food in the trash bin.

The store opens at 4 a.m. so it would have been staffed about the time officials believe the convicted killers broke out. There is limited security video from the store and authorities were reviewing it.

Wylie said the dogs were still on the scent Thursday evening and they were working their way in from the perimeter.

""If this is an actual true lead that the dogs are following on, we hope to be successful in the next 24 hours,"" he said.

Earlier Thursday, law enforcement search crews converged on a site east of the gas station in upstate New York.

A large-perimeter search area has been set up around the site, about 3 miles from the Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora, according to a state official and another source briefed on the investigation. Guards found out about the killers' escape from the maximum-security prison during a bed check early Saturday.

A resident in the area said she's confined to her house.

""I haven't left home in two days, I had to call in to work today because you wouldn't be able to return back home,"" Brooke Lepage said. ""There were constant helicopters. Last night they had floodlights. There was a recorded (telephone) message telling us to stay in the house and make sure outside lights were on.""

In addition to the scent, investigators found an imprint either from a shoe or boot as well as food wrappers in the area, one of the two sources said. Wylie said that possible bedding -- an indent in the grass or leaves -- has also been discovered.

As the manhunt intensified, new details emerged about a prison employee who officials said may have assisted the inmates in their brazen escape.

State Department of Corrections officials had previously received a complaint about the relationship between prison seamstress Joyce Mitchell and one of the two escaped inmates, according to a state official briefed on the internal investigation.

Wylie confirmed the inquiry to CNN's ""Anderson Cooper 360˚"" but said the allegation was unfounded.

""There wasn't enough evidence to support a finding inside the department (of corrections),"" Wylie said.

But, he added: ""I don't believe that the information was that there was absolutely no relationship.""

Wylie said Sweat was removed temporarily from the prison tailor shop, where he and Mitchell worked.

Investigators zeroed in on Mitchell -- whose relatives have denied her involvement in the breakout -- because of the earlier complaint, the source said.

State corrections officials declined to comment because of the ongoing investigation.

New York State Police Superintendent Joseph D'Amico has said Mitchell, an industrial training supervisor at the prison, had befriended the men and ""may have had some sort of role in assisting them.""

The state police superintendent did not elaborate. But according to a source close to the investigation, authorities believe Mitchell planned to pick up the inmates after their escape but changed her mind at the last minute. Her cell phone was used to call people connected to Matt, according to another source. It's unclear who made the calls, when they were made or whether Mitchell knew about them.

Mitchell told investigators that Matt made her feel ""special,"" though she didn't mention being in love with him, a source familiar with the investigation said.

While she didn't warn authorities about the escape, she has answered all their questions each time they've gone back to her, a New York state official said.

Authorities are holding off on charging her with being an accomplice, hoping instead to have her continued cooperation, a New York state official told CNN.

Wylie, the Clinton County district attorney, said his office is considering possibly charging her with felonies. One would accuse her of being an accessory to the escape and the other would be for ""promoting prison contraband.""

Mitchell's family is standing behind her, with her daughter-in-law telling CNN that ""95% of what is being said"" is not true.

Paige Mitchell denied that her mother-in-law was to be the getaway driver and that she helped provide the power tools used in the escape. She added that Matt may have persuaded her mother-in-law to contact people for him who knew about art, saying, ""Her heart was in the right place.""

""They don't have the facts to prove this,"" she said. ""This is just slander and rumor.""

Wylie said Mitchell is fully cooperating and has come to meet with investigators almost every day since Sunday.

""She voluntarily seeks us out, comes in, and each day has been providing more additional information that's assisted the investigators,"" he told Cooper.

Vermont governor: The escapees are dangerous and desperate

The jailbreak has transformed the rural, idyllic swath of northeast New York from a place where people go to get away from the crowds and crime of urban life into something closer to a ""military state,"" as one resident described it.

Authorities closed parts of State Route 374 on Thursday ""until further notice"" because of a lead from the previous night, New York State Police spokesman William Duffy said. Checkpoints were set up along a stretch from Dannemora east to West Plattsburgh, while authorities looked for clues.

Searches were underway in hundreds of seasonal homes in a 5-square-mile area in and around West Plattsburgh, with helicopters equipped with thermal cameras providing support, officials said.

The area isn't the only place law enforcement is looking.

Vermont state police vessels and troopers have searched on Lake Champlain, which straddles the two states, as well as in nearby campsites.

But Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin acknowledges that ""we really have no idea where they are.""

""This is a governor's nightmare,"" he added. ""We're trying to protect the public safety and take care of our folks (because) these guys are dangerous, they are desperate, and they would do anything to continue their freedom.""

Authorities have been looking for Matt and Sweat since Saturday morning.

The two used power tools to get out of their cells and cut into a steam pipe, navigating a tunnel of pipes and finally surfacing out a manhole.

Sweat was serving a life sentence without parole for fatally shooting and then running over Broome County Sheriff's Deputy Kevin Tarsia.

Matt held a businessman hostage for 27 hours, and then tortured and killed him after he wouldn't give him more money.

State data show that most escapees in New York are captured within 24 hours. Of 29 inmates who fled between 2002 and 2013, only one was free for more than two days.",1
5062,Clinton fact-checked on 'truthful' claim in email scandal,"Hillary Clinton is getting hammered for saying on “Fox News Sunday” that FBI Director James Comey confirmed her statements on her email scandal were “truthful” – with one prominent fact-checker giving the claim four “Pinocchios.”

The former secretary of state cited Comey when asked to account for her repeated claims that she never sent or received material marked classified on her personal email account. When host Chris Wallace noted that Comey said those things were not true, Clinton disagreed.

“That's not what I heard Director Comey say … Director Comey said that my answers were truthful and what I've said is consistent with what I have told the American people, that there were decisions discussed and made to classify retroactively certain of the emails,” she said.

The Washington Post Fact Checker picked apart that statement, ultimately giving it four “Pinocchios,” its worst rating for truthfulness.

“Clinton is cherry-picking statements by Comey to preserve her narrative about the unusual setup of a private email server. This allows her to skate past the more disturbing findings of the FBI investigation,” the Post wrote, noting that she was relying on Comey’s statement to Congress: “We have no basis to conclude she lied to the FBI.”

However, the FBI director did not say the same about her statements to the American public. And during testimony before a House committee, Comey said it was “not true” that nothing Clinton sent or received was marked classified. To the contrary, he said, “there was classified material emailed.”

The Post concluded: “While Comey did say there was no evidence she lied to the FBI, that is not the same as saying she told the truth to the American public — which was the point of Wallace’s question. Comey has repeatedly not taken a stand on her public statements.

“And although Comey did say many emails were retroactively classified, he also said that there were some emails that were already classified that should not have been sent on an unclassified, private server. That’s the uncomfortable truth that Clinton has trouble admitting.”

Sen. Ben Sasse, R-Neb., also called out Clinton on Twitter for the claims.

The campaign has stressed, with regard to the emails apparently marked classified, that Comey acknowledged during the hearing in question the markings themselves were not properly marked. The State Department also has suggested those markings shouldn’t have been there.

Comey, though, also challenged other statements by Clinton during his testimony. On her claim that she used one device, Comey said, “She used multiple devices.” And on her claim that she turned over all work-related emails, he said, “No, we found work-related emails, thousands that were not returned.""

Clinton, meanwhile, acknowledged again on “Fox News Sunday” that she made a “mistake,” while appearing to spread the blame around.

“I take classification seriously. I relied on and had every reason to rely on the judgments of the professionals with whom I worked. And so, in retrospect, maybe some people are saying, ‘Well, … among those 300 people, they made the wrong call,’” Clinton said. “At the time, there was no reason, in my view, to doubt the professionalism and the determination by the people who work every single day on behalf of our country.”",1
36,Dem outcry on abortion measure they failed to notice threatens to stall anti-sex trafficking bill,"A bipartisan bill aimed at combating human sex trafficking has hit a major snag after Senate Democrats -- who unanimously voted to move the bill out of committee -- hit the brakes upon discovering a Republican-backed abortion provision.

Though the relatively modest 68-page bill has been available for nearly two months, it wasn't until this week that Senate Democrats said they noticed the language, and subsequently threatened to block the bill.

As drafted, the legislation would crack down on what lawmakers in both parties agree is a seamy underworld of drugs and human sex trafficking akin to modern-day slavery. Fines paid by those convicted of the sex-trafficking crimes would go into a fund to help victims.

But Democrats now are balking because the legislation also contains a Republican-inserted provision that bars the use of fines to pay for abortions, except in cases of rape, incest or when the life of the pregnant woman is in jeopardy.

""Democrats believe that divisive issues like this should be kept off what is otherwise a broadly bipartisan bill,"" a spokesman for Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said, adding that they're trying to find a ""path forward.""

Republicans cast this as a routine extension of the so-called Hyde Amendment, which bans the use of federal funds for abortions except in limited circumstances. But Democrats said the legislation would mark a significant expansion since it applies to personal funds paid in fines. They also noted the restriction against the use of fine money would be permanent, while the one that applies to federal funds would lapse unless renewed on a year-by-year basis.

Reid said in remarks on the Senate floor that ""a number of people feel that it was by sleight-of-hand"" that the provision was included in the measure, while ""others say staff should have seen it was in the bill."" A day earlier, others in his party had said flatly that no one on their side of the aisle had been informed.

But Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, said Democrats had, in fact, known of the abortion-related provision that Republicans backed, citing discussion among aides of both parties.

Republicans ripped Democrats for stalling over this issue.

""This is really not an honorable time or a laudable time in the history of the United States Senate,"" said Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.

The events presented a difficult challenge for Democrats, forcing them to decide if their support for abortion rights justified blocking passage of a sex trafficking measure designed to help children and women. They privately conceded they lacked the votes to strip out the abortion portion of the bill they oppose, although they expressed confidence they had enough support to prevent passage of the entire measure.

At the same time, they were forced to consider whether their aides had failed to read the bill closely enough to discover the provision when the bill was made public in January, or when it was approved unanimously in the Senate Judiciary Committee late last month.

A statement released by a spokeswoman for the Democrats on the panel said Sen. Patrick Leahy, the party's senior committee member, did not know in advance that the abortion-related provision had been included, nor did his aides.

A spokesman for Sen. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, the bill's leading Democratic supporter, said the lawmaker first learned of it Monday.

 Democrats also circulated an email written by a Republican aide summarizing a list of changes that had been made in the legislation from an earlier version written last year. It contained no mention of abortion.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
105,Let’s make the South stop lying: The right’s war on our history — and truth — must be defeated now,"The final vote in the state House was a lopsided 94-20, but flag apologists didn’t go quietly. Debate lasted 13 hours before exhausting itself around 1 a.m. Thursday. The leader of the dead-enders was Republican state Rep. Michael Pitts, a 60-year-old white male, Baptist, retired cop and NRA devotee heretofore best known for backing South Carolina’s “Second Amendment Weekend” (in which the state waives sales taxes on rifles and handguns) and a loopy plan to replace U.S. paper currency with silver and gold coins minted by the state.

Pitt insists Confederate soldiers only knew “what they heard in the general store, that Northern States were attacking Southern States.” He said he learned as a child to call the Civil War the “War of Northern Aggression.” He didn’t say if he calls it something else now, but he did accuse foes of “scrubbing history.” It was a favorite theme of flag defenders. Rep. Eric Bedingfield said he’d “bathed this thing in prayer” and “called my pastor to pray for me,” from which he learned “you can’t erase history.” Rep. J. Gary Simrill accused the removers of “almost a cultural genocide.” For sheer oddball color, no one beat Senate Majority Leader Harvey Peeler, who summed things up in these lovely words: “To remove the flag… and thinking it would change history would be like removing a tattoo from the corpse of a loved one and thinking it would change a loved one’s obituary.”

For 150 years, folks like Pitts, Bedingfield, Simrill and Peeler rewrote the history of the South. When South Carolina declared war on the Union, 57 percent of its citizens were African-American slaves; all scrubbed from every tale of “Southern heritage.” Even the most pious ancestor worshipper knows the Confederate flag is the flag of racism, slavery and sedition. It took years of arduous scrubbing and lies of satanic ingenuity to get anyone to think otherwise. The truth won’t be restored overnight.

In the aftermath of the terrorist attack on the Emanuel AME church there are efforts across the South to remove Confederate monuments. New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu wants to take down four. Three honor Confederate President Jefferson Davis and Confederate generals Robert E. Lee and P.G. T. Beauregard. The fourth honors a post-Civil War revolt against Louisiana’s reconstruction government by a band of ex-soldiers called the White League. My money is on Landrieu, but the mere fact that such a monument still stands suggests how hard it’ll be getting the South to face up to its past. It won’t be easy anywhere.

On the day South Carolina voted to lower the flag, the even loonier Republicans in the U.S. House pushed to display it on Confederate Memorial Day — a holiday in nine states — and sell it in souvenir shops on federal lands. A fearful John Boehner shut them down, but in the months and years ahead, as the memory of Charleston fades and fewer mayors, governors and House speakers see a need to spend political capital, the fight may get harder. And this is just the fight to keep the state from spreading lies. The harder fight will be to get not just the South but the whole country to commit to telling the truth, and not just about the Civil War.

For years, the right has waged a war on history every bit as relentless as and even more effective than its war on science.  George Orwell famously observed that “who controls the past controls the future.” In America few outside the political right took his point. It has carried the fight to colleges, media, government and especially public schools. An ineluctable lesson of Charleston is that the left must finally fight back.

As far back as the early`80s the religious right sought to elect its people to school boards, often instructing them to conceal their views until after they were elected. Sex education was their top priority, but they also dove into history and other social studies. In her book “As Texas Goes: How the Lone Star State Hijacked the American Agenda,” New York Times columnist Gail Collins tells the story of the Texas School Board. Only she could make this chilling tale amusing. Texas is America’s second biggest purchaser of textbooks and the state controls the purchasing so publishers have long bowed to its dictates on content.

The board was always conservative but when real fanatics took it over they began furiously rewriting curricula, substituting ideological cant for scholarship wherever possible. 2010 was a banner year for them. They bumped Thomas Jefferson from a list of “influential thinkers”—they felt him misguided in the mater of the separation of church and state—but promoted Phyllis Schlafly to take his place. They also encouraged study of George Wallace, the NRA, the Moral Majority, Jefferson Davis’ inaugural address and the Heritage Foundation and told schools to tell kids Joe McCarthy was right about communists infiltrating government.

The right does its most insidious work in classrooms but it wages war on history almost everywhere. You may recall that in the mid-’90s the Smithsonian planned an exhibit on the Enola Gay, the B29 aircraft that dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima. The American Legion was instantly up in arms and the rest of the right soon followed. Perhaps they feared word of the bombing would get out or that Trotskyites at the Air and Space Museum would use the incident for propaganda purposes. The exhibit was killed. After 89 brave members of Congress called for his head, the museum’s director was forced to resign.

As evidenced by Dylann Roof and millions who share his views if not his soul sickness, the right has been most effective and destructive in reweaving the history of the Confederacy. In a piece in the Washington Post this week, James Loewen describes the decades’ long work of Southern “historians’” to turn the Civil War from an insurrection mounted to defend human slavery into a ‘war between the states’ sparked in large part by an imperious federal government bent on robbing the South of its liberty. Loewen reminds us of how hard Civil War apologists work to shape our collective memory.  Kentucky is a border state that never joined the confederacy; 90,000 Kentuckians volunteered for the Union army, nearly triple the number that fought for the rebellion. Today Kentucky has 2 Union monuments and 72 Confederate monuments. It may be that conservatives care more about the past or are more susceptible to nostalgia. But erecting all those monuments took effort.  The right is willing to make it because, like Orwell, it sees the point of controlling the past. Republicans are even fonder of twisting the story of America’s birth. In 1984 Ronald Reagan added the word ‘shining’ to the phrase “city on a hill” from John Winthrop’s famed sermon to Puritans bound for Massachusetts. Winthrop’s message to his flock was to behave, because the whole world was watching: “We shall be as a city upon a hill; the eyes of all people are upon us.”  Reagan’s message was almost the exact opposite; that whatever America did must be good because God chose it to be the envy of all nations, a notion Winthrop would have heard as sinful pride and that helped inspire the reckless self-reverential folderol known as “American Exceptionalism.” (John Kennedy was the first modern president to invoke the sermon. In a lustrous speech in Boston days before his inaugural he perfectly echoed Winthrop’s call to rise to the challenge of the hour.) Our founding has so much to teach us but so much of what is taught now is false. Since Reagan’s death the Ronald Reagan Legacy Project, brainchild of noted social-contract shredder Grover Norquist, has labored to name something after Reagan in every county in America. I’d say they’re halfway there. They also want his name on currency, and a federal holiday in his honor. Norquist thinks the more stuff he names after Reagan the more taxes he can cut. I think he’s right. Such is the power of propaganda. Of course, the price of propaganda is ignorance. The more we fete Reagan, the harder it is to tell people what a train wreck his fiscal policies were; harder still to make them believe he ever apologized to Gorbachev for calling Russia an evil empire—he did– or went to Reykjavik boldly hoping to dismantle both the U.S. and Soviet nuclear arsenals. He did that, too; we just don’t know it. You’d think a left rife with college professors and other readers of books could fight this battle at least to a draw, but outside academia it barely put up a fight. A few lonely voices—Lewis Lapham and Stacy Schiff spring to mind–urged all who are in any sense progressive-minded to fight those who propagandize history. But up to now it was a tough sell. Among the many horrid lessons of Charleston is a new awareness of the price we pay for our neglect. We know now if we didn’t before just how many stand at the ready to pour hate into the vacuum of ignorance. The myth of the Confederacy may be the worst lie we tell, but countless others need correcting. There are lots of ways to do it, all with practical impact. If you fear the erosion of the right to privacy or the rule of law, you might think it time to remove J. Edgar Hoover’s name from the FBI headquarters in Washington. (Feel free to consider this essay a Kickstarter for that project.) We are right to celebrate the heritage of millions of Italian Americans who came to our shores. But what of the millions of Americans who got here 10,000 years before them?  Might not Columbus share his weekend with those whom we systematically exterminated? And speaking of heritage, the deal to lower the flag at South Carolina’s capitol included a promise to spend millions on a shrine to it somewhere off premises. Shouldn’t such a shrine await construction of a bigger one to the millions of proud South Carolinians who spent the Civil War years in bondage? The right says the left wants only to disparage America. If nothing else, the last few weeks should teach us to question the depth of the right’s oft-proclaimed love of country, just as we’d question the spirituality of the publicly pious. It seems when the right isn’t busy kicking other people out of America, it’s busy threatening to leave. (See the borderline secessionist and outright nullification sentiments voices by so many Republican presidential candidates.) The funny thing is there is so much about this wonderful, diverse nation that, given the chance, liberals could teach conservatives to love. You can’t really love what you don’t really know. The poet William Blake had a theory that we all move from innocence, a joyous state in which all chimney sweeps seem happy and well, to experience, a sadder one in which we perceive their ill health and general misery. But Blake said there’s a third state we can attain in which we see suffering but still rejoice in life. He called this state, for some reason, organized innocence. We need a patriotism that is the moral equivalent of Blake’s organized innocence, an informed patriotism that lets us see all that we are, the bad and the good; a mature love of country that begins as it should in our love for one another and in our devotion to truth. It is to such patriotism that a true knowledge of history invites us.",1
1744,Bernie vs. Hillary: Who connects better with voters?,"Sally Kohn is an activist, columnist and television commentator. Follow her on Twitter: @sallykohn . The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers.

(CNN) Without remotely the same level of name recognition, campaign infrastructure or media spotlight, Sen. Bernie Sanders has already posed a significant challenge to Hillary Clinton's campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination. Just imagine what Tuesday's nationally televised debate, hosted by CNN, could do.

The underdog Sanders leads Clinton in the early primary state of New Hampshire and is within striking distance in Iowa, although he continues to trail the former secretary of state by double digits among Democrats nationally.

Arguably, Sanders' popularity among Democratic voters is fueled as much by who Sanders isn't as who he is: His populist positions and regular-guy disposition stand out in contrast with the chronically calculating and centrist Clinton.

And this debate is his to lose: Just by showing up on the same stage as the presumptive front-runner and showing a wider audience that he can substantively and stylistically challenge Clinton, Sanders gains.

But what about Clinton? She wants to avoid a protracted fight for the Democratic nomination, not to mention the sort of upset she suffered at the hands of Barack Obama in 2008. So it's in her best interest to brush aside Sanders as soon as possible. The first Democratic primary debate is her earliest and best opportunity to do so. How?

Look for Clinton to employ three strategies.

First, she'll likely try to lump her positions in with those of Sanders (and the other Democratic contenders) and say that all of the Democratic candidates mainly share the same vision and the party's best interest is served by picking the one with the best shot at being elected.

Electability is Clinton's strongest argument, especially as more and more Democrats become legitimately freaked out by the cast of characters vying for the Republican nomination. It's in Clinton's interest to de-emphasize the ideological differences on the Democratic side and imply more agreement than not -- which is, for the most part, true.

Sanders will try to poke holes in that script, especially with respect to Clinton's economic agenda, which has been rhetorically populist but conventionally centrist in policy terms.

Sanders and many populist Democrats have opposed the agreement as a giveaway to big business that will hurt American workers. While Clinton tacitly backed the deal while secretary of state, she's now free to express her own opinion separate from the stance of the Obama administration.

Will she ally herself with populist opposition to the trade deal? And even if she does, will people believe her stance is anything more than crass opportunism to win voters fleeing her for Sanders?

Clinton's second strategy will likely be try to highlight ways in which she is more progressive than her Democratic opponents, especially Sanders. The recent mass shooting in Oregon, just days before the debate, yet again brings to the surface the concerns of Democratic voters -- and voters in general -- who are fed up with Congress' failure to pass common-sense gun laws despite overwhelming need and widespread public support.

Here, Clinton can draw a clear contrast with Sanders, who has opposed some gun control measures and is out of step with the majority of Democratic primary voters on this issue. While she may have difficulty demonstrating her sincerity on economic populism, here the contrast with the senator from Vermont is strong -- his weak record on guns is a hard position to defend, especially now.

Similarly, Clinton can try to distinguish herself as more progressive in addressing racial bias and structural racism. Despite Sanders' self-professed position as the most progressive candidate, in speaking about racial justice, police violence and the Black Lives Matter movement, he has been woefully inadequate at best.

Clinton hasn't been much better, with her discussions on race often tainted by an unsettling defensiveness. But she's still clearly more comfortable talking about race than Sanders and has given more thought to how racial injustice poisons America's institutions and culture. Talking about this more in the debate will be good for America -- and good for her candidacy.

Third, look for Clinton to try to connect authentically with viewers at home and show her human side. Many voters may get lost in the substantive back and forth over what Clinton supports versus what Sanders supports and their various policy-based accusations against each other. But elections are also about gut instincts over which candidate shares your values and vision. And those gut instincts are especially triggered when voters see the candidates side by side.

For her part, Clinton can say all the right things, but if she spouts populist rhetoric while sounding like an out-of-touch patrician, it won't work. That's not to say Clinton should emphasize showing more of her heart and humor, as campaign aides have promised in a retooling. Rather she should just be her damn self and show that to the voters. We don't want a particular personality so much as we want a real person. Hopefully, if nothing else, Trump has taught candidates that.

The first Democratic debate will be pivotal since voters will form first, and perhaps lasting, impressions of how the candidates match up. It is Sanders' debate to lose. But, if she plays it right, it could also be Clinton's debate to win.",1
1053,Bernie Sanders' big day,"(CNN) Saturday was a big day for Bernie Sanders' quest for the Democratic presidential nomination as he swept to resounding victories in the caucus states of Hawaii, Washington and Alaska. But the delegate math is still in Hillary Clinton's favor.

""We knew things were going to improve as we headed West,"" Sanders said at a jubilant rally before 8,000 people in Madison, Wisconsin -- a state that will hold the next major contest in 10 days. ""We have a path toward victory.""

Clinton built up her delegate lead on the back of a strong run in the South, and Sanders argued Saturday his campaign always knew those states would be tough. In Madison, he said the map now offers more opportunities for his campaign as the contest progressed, largely because his wins are being powered by huge turnout among younger voters.

""With your help we're going to win right here in Wisconsin,"" he said. ""So don't let anyone tell you we can't win the nomination, or win the general election. We're going to do both of those things.""

But even with his big victories on Saturday, Sanders faces steep hurdles in catching Clinton in the delegate count. While Washington had 101 delegates up for grabs, and both candidates spent a significant amount of time there, Hawaii and Alaska were relatively small prizes -- with just 25 and 16 delegates at stake respectively.

Clinton's campaign privately acknowledged that Saturday would be a good one for Sanders, and her efforts in Washington were aimed mostly at trying to keep the race relatively close, as delegates are distributed proportionally. But with over 90% delegates accounted for, Sanders held a wide lead over Clinton in Washington, 72% to 28%. Alaska was more lopsided: Sanders won 80% to 20%.

Even though Wisconsin could be fertile territory for Sanders on April 5, Clinton is poised to do well in her home state of New York on April 19 with its 247 pledged delegates. She also faces favorable territory in the upcoming Super Tuesday contest on April 26 when Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Delaware, Rhode Island and Maryland voters head to the polls and nearly 400 pledged delegates are at stake.

While Sanders shaved Clinton's lead in the delegate count, the former secretary of state had amassed 1,711 of the 2,383 delegates she would need to clinch the nomination before Saturday's contests, according to CNN estimates. Before the voting Saturday, Sanders had notched 952 delegates to date. That means he would need to win 75% of the remaining pledged delegates to defeat her.

Clinton did not address the results publicly on Saturday, but her campaign sought to raise money off her losses in Saturday's contests, portraying them as a warning to donors. A short time after CNN projected Alaska as a win for Sanders, Clinton Campaign Manager Robby Mook circulated an email to her supporters billed as a ""quick update on Bernie Sanders.""

""We haven't caught up in online fundraising, and our opponent could do very well in today's caucuses in Washington, Alaska, and Hawaii,"" Mook said in the email before the Washington and Hawaii results had been called. ""Now, I don't want to paint too gloomy a picture -- you've been amazing. Thanks to you, we still have a commanding delegate lead, and we can secure this nomination for Hillary with your help,"" he said, asking them to ""chip in.""

Sanders's strategists have argued that their unique fundraising capabilities could help them pull off an upset -- arguing that the process for Clinton was ""frontloaded"" and that they have grassroots fundraising resources that past campaigns have lacked.

Washington and Alaska had always looked to be favorable territory for Sanders, because they are predominantly white and rural -- states with the kind of demographic makeup that has favored Sanders.

""He's obviously doing well in these Western caucus states, because you get a very committed base of younger voters who are willing to show up and stand in line in states like Idaho and Utah for hours,"" said veteran Democratic strategist Bill Carrick, who is unaligned in the presidential race this cycle. ""The message that Sanders has is a classic western populist message: Wall Street is sticking it to us, these big money interests are sticking it to us, and we're out here scrambling, paying pretty heavy negative dividends for their behavior.""

But Clinton had campaigned in Washington after losing to Barack Obama by about a 2-1 margin in 2008. Her campaign made a major push to get voters to return Washington's version of absentee ballots -- known as ""surrogate affidavits"" --- mailing them directly to voters with postage-paid return envelopes.

Given those efforts, the size of Sanders's margins on Saturday served as a warning shot to Clinton, allowing him to make the argument at his rally in Madison that he was ""making significant inroads"" into Clinton's delegate lead.

That is key to the Sanders strategy going forward, particularly when it comes to swaying superdelegates, who could be key at the Democratic Convention in July. Currently Clinton has the edge with some 482 superdelegates pledging to support her, according to CNN estimates. But Sanders allies point out those people can always change their minds.

""There are hundreds of other superdelegates, by the way, who are uncommitted,"" Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver told CNN's Suzanne Malveaux in an interview Saturday. ""For them, it would be very easy for them to be with the Secretary, but they're not which tells you something about where they probably are.""

""Superdelegates want to win in November,"" Weaver continued, ""and as we demonstrate in the second half of this primary season that we have the momentum, that we can carry with large margins these states, and with the public polls which have shown consistently that Bernie Sanders does better against every single possible Republican than does Hillary Clinton -- I think superdelegates are going to begin to take another look.""

The excitement for Sanders, marked by a large rally at Seattle's Safeco Field Friday evening, is something Sanders is counting on as he heads in to the delegate-rich contests that favor Clinton on the East Coast.

Dan Schnur, director of the Jesse M. Unruh Institute of Politics at the University of Southern California, said Sanders wins in small and medium-sized states ""almost certainly will not be enough to derail Clinton from the nomination,"" but adds there's more to it for the Vermont senator.

""For all practical purposes, winning states like these are talking points for Sanders,"" Schnur said. ""But for what he's after at this point, talking points might be good enough. In other words, winning Alaska and Hawaii isn't going to keep Clinton from getting the nomination, but it keeps his supporters enthused; it keeps the money coming in; and allows him to continue having a platform.""

Polling had been scarce in Hawaii and Alaska, making it difficult to predict the outcome of those contests heading in to Saturday, but Sanders outspent Clinton on the airwaves.

Sanders's wife Jane campaigned in Hawaii last Sunday and Monday with popular Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, who broke with Democratic Party leadership to show her support for Sanders.

This week Sanders released an emotional ad featuring Gabbard, who served a 12-month tour in Iraq, talking about the importance of Sanders' vote against the Iraq War and his pledge to ""take the trillions of dollars that are sent on these interventionist, regime change, unnecessary wars, and invest it here at home.""

""The American people are not looking to settle for inches,"" Gabbard says in the ad. ""They're looking for real change.""

As in other states, turnout was high in Hawaii on Saturday. There were long lines outside Manoa Elementary in Honolulu as voting got started at 1 p.m. local time Saturday.

Officials were expecting at least 15% more Democratic voters than eight years ago when 37,583 Democrats voted. This year, the party protectively printed 100,000 ballots, Hawaii Democratic spokesperson Ethan Oki said.",1
1069,"Trump, Cruz keep on winning. Four reasons why 'Super Saturday' matters","After Super Tuesday and Thursday’s candidate brawl at the 11th GOP presidential debate, let’s call this latest experiment in democracy “Stop-by Saturday” – four states in the northeast, southeast and Midwest holding GOP primaries and caucuses.

A very big vote awaits the four remaining Republican candidates Tuesday in Michigan, followed a week later by winner-take-all primaries in Florida and Ohio. The field may be down to just two candidates after that.

Still, what transpired Saturday in Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana and Maine mattered for these four reasons:

1. Trump’s Fertile(?) Ground. One thing we’ve learned about Donald Trump and his flying circus: there are plenty of states amenable to his message of economic frustration and rage against the political machine.

That includes Maine, which caucused on Saturday – and, going into Saturday, was presumably Trump Territory.

After years of economic decline in the form of a shrinking manufacturing base, Down Easterners now face the question of whether to encourage immigration to meet growing employment demands.

Twice in the last six years, the state’s chosen the bombastic Paul LePage as its governor. He has a Chris Christie-like style of bully politics and a Trump-like way with political incorrectness (for example, earlier this year blaming Maine’s heroin epidemic on “guys by the name D-Money, Smoothie, Shifty”).

The point: the seeds for Trump’s success may have sown well before he plowed the 2016 field.

However, in Maine, Trump came a cropper (though he did claim Kentucky and Louisiana, for a split decision on the night). Credit Texas Sen. Ted Cruz with out-organizing Trump in yet another small, rural-tinged caucus.

But with primaries now taking over from caucuses, are these latest returns a sign of coming attractions or just a bad stretch of road for the Trump Express?

2. Trump’s a Frontrunner, but not a Conservative Favorite. All four states on Saturday had closed primaries or caucuses, which meant that only Republicans were eligible to vote (in Maine, independents could do same-day GOP registration; otherwise, voters had to come over to the Republican side weeks before the polls opened).

Before Saturday, Trump had dominated in a February and Super Tuesday heavy with states employing “open” voting rules. Iowa, Nevada, Alaska and Oklahoma were the only closed affairs – Trump’s batted one-for-four (you can expect talk about frontloading more closed primaries and minimizing if not eliminating open primaries when the GOP turns to 2020 planning).

This made Kansas, in particular, worth watching as both Trump and Cruz worked the state hard immediately after Super Tuesday.

Going into the Jayhawk caucuses, this Trafalgar Group poll had Trump up by 6 points over Texas Sen. Ted Cruz (35.2percent-29.3 percent), with Florida Sen. Marco Rubio a distant third (16.6 percent).

Granted, Stop-by-Saturday polling was scarce, but this time the swollen turnout (in Kansas it was up by 50 percent over 2012), absent Democratic and independent crossovers, didn’t break Trump’s way.

Between Trump’s setbacks in Kansas and Maine and Cruz’s victory in the CPAC straw poll, we seem to have a paradox: the Republican frontrunner is not a conservative favorite.

3. The Delegate Math. The four states offered a combined 155 delegates – that’s the same exact number as Texas, 10 fewer than Florida/Ohio and 17 fewer than California. Moving forward, fewer than 1,600 of the GOP’s 2,474 delegates are still up for grabs.

Saturday’s results aren’t a game-changer, but they do factor into a Trump march to the nomination that’s long or short depending on the candidate’s ability to gobble up winner-take-all states and increase his delegate share in proportional outcomes (that may increase if it’s just Trump and Cruz going at it).

And there’s one other GOP convention equation. Which would be . . .

4. Adding Up To Eight. The other reason why Kansas and Maine mattered for Cruz: the GOP rule that only candidates with a majority of delegates in a minimum of eight states can qualify for the convention’s nominating ballot (the party can always change this before the nominating begins, but to do so would be contentious – if not downright ugly).

Cruz now has six such states. The better question, how the math adds up for Rubio and Ohio Gov. John Kasich.

If Rubio wins Florida, that brings his total to two states (he won Minnesota on Super Tuesday). If Kasich carries his home state, that brings his total to…one.

How does either candidate get to eight, given that only 19 states remain after March 15?

That’s not the only question after Saturday’s vote. Here are four more:

- Will this soon be a two-man race between Trump and Cruz?

- Does that improve or harm Trump’s chance of a first-ballot win in Cleveland?

- Do Rubio and/or Kasich find redemption on their home turf?

- The more Republicans flail about, is Hillary Clinton suddenly living a charmed political existence?

On a Saturday night like March 5, when the race takes yet another odd twist, those answers still seem far away.

Bill Whalen is a research fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution, where he analyzes California and national politics. He also blogs daily on the 2016 election at www.adayattheracesblog.com. Follow him on Twitter @hooverwhalen.",1
4973,Libertarian Gary Johnson Tries His Luck in Las Vegas,"Gary Johnson's presidential campaign of actually going places, standing in front of big crowds, and talking continues, moving from Miami on Wednesday to Las Vegas yesterday.

From the Las Vegas Review-Journal's account of his appearance before a ""high energy"" crowd with his usual framing of wanting to keep government out of the bedroom and the pocketbook:

Johnson told attendants that Libertarianism is about choice, noting he's pro-gay marriage and believes abortions should be the decision of the affected women. He called the death penalty ""flawed public policy"" and favors legalizing marijuana. In Nevada, ""you have the chance to do it and you're going to do it,"" Johnson said of the November referendum that could legalize recreational marijuana for users over the age of 21.

They remain hopeful about reaching the Commission on Presidential Debates 15 percent in five polls threshold, even if perhaps not by the first one:

Weld raised the possibility that even if they can't reach the polling benchmark by the first debate, slated for Sept. 26, that if polling continues they could reach eligibility for a later debate. The last presidential debate is slated for Oct. 19 at UNLV. Coalition to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol spokesman Joe Brezny, who ran the Nevada campaign for Mitt Romney's presidential bid four years ago, said Thursday that he's supporting Johnson and Weld and noted of Republicans that he ""watched some good people nominate the least electable person in mankind.""....

Weld contended to cheers that the fiscal conservatism he and Johnson demonstrated in their gubernatorial tenures is just what's needed in Washington D.C. Johnson, meanwhile, pledged that if elected, he would present Congress with a balanced budget within the first 100 days of taking the White House.

• Montanan political analysts and watchers think Johnson could easily double his 3 percent from 2012:

Montana voters have shown in past elections that they will support candidates who do not represent the two major political parties. Just four years ago, Libertarian candidate Dan Cox received 6.5 percent of the vote in Montana's Senate race. Some political analysts speculated his strong showing prevented Republican Denny Rehberg from beating incumbent Sen. Jon Tester, a Democrat

• If he reaches $10 million in direct campaign donations, he runs the risk of being offered Secret Service protection. A campaign email today says that in just this month so far they've pulled $3 million from 92,000 distinct donors.

• Reporting from the Sun Journal in Maine on the nature of Johnson's appeal and the Libertarian Party's situation in the state. Johnson will be appearing in Maine on August 26:

""It was like he was saying everything in my brain,"" [Heidi] Sawyer said. ""For me, Johnson represents fiscal conservatism, small government, not wasteful spending, a government where more money would go to classrooms and where they'd make sense."" Sawyer, the creator of the popular Lewiston Rocks Facebook page, was intrigued. ""Things like that perked my interest,"" she said. Sawyer said she's fiscally conservative but socially liberal. She's not opposed to gay marriage. ""I don't care about what people do in their bedrooms,"" she said. The Libertarian Party isn't about foreign involvement, ""fighting wars creating more conflict. I want to make sure we're not putting our nose where it shouldn't be."" So, Sawyer became a Maine state volunteer coordinator for the Libertarian Party...

The Maine L.P. needs to have ""10,000 registered voters who are enrolled in the party cast ballots in the General Election, among other provisions in Maine law,"" to maintain ballot status as an official party, according to the state government.

I reported earlier on Maine's difficult but ultimately successful fight to get on the ballot this year.",1
3432,6 Major Supreme Court Cases That Would Have Been Different Without Scalia,"6 Major Supreme Court Cases That Would Have Been Different Without Scalia

In terms of the ideological balance of the Supreme Court, the death of Justice Antonin Scalia is monumental. With Scalia, the court had four reliable conservative votes and, in Justice Kennedy, the court had a conservative swing vote.

That led to many decisions that were decided by a razor thin 5-to-4 margin. To gauge Scalia's importance, we dug through the Supreme Court Database and found that during Obama's presidency, 53 cases have been decided by a 5-4 majority that included Scalia.

Here are six cases that could have turned out vastly different without Scalia:",1
1324,"Clinton blasts Wall Street, but still draws millions in contributions","Even as Hillary Clinton has stepped up her rhetorical assault on Wall Street, her campaign and allied super PACs have continued to rake in millions from the financial sector, a sign of her deep and lasting relationships with banking and investment titans.

Through the end of December, donors at hedge funds, banks, insurance companies and other financial services firms had given at least $21.4 million to support Clinton’s 2016 presidential run — more than 10 percent of the $157.8 million contributed to back her bid, according to an analysis of Federal Election Commission filings by The Washington Post.

The contributions helped Clinton reach a fundraising milestone: By the end of 2015, she had brought in more money from the financial sector during her four federal campaigns than her ­husband did during his ­quarter-century political career.

In all, donors from Wall Street and other financial services firms have given $44.1 million to support Hillary Clinton’s campaigns and allied super PACs, compared with $39.7 million in backing that former president Bill Clinton received from the industry, according to campaign finance records dating back to 1974 that have been compiled by The Post.

Nearly half of the financial­sector donations made to support Hillary Clinton’s current presidential run have come from just two wealthy financiers: billionaire investor George Soros, who gave $7 million last year to the pro-Clinton super PAC Priorities USA Action, and hedge-fund manager S. Donald Sussman, who gave the group $2.5 million.

Most of their money was donated in December as Clinton was taking an increasingly tough stance toward the industry in an effort to blunt the populist appeal of her opponent, Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont.

“I believe strongly that we need to make sure that Wall Street never wrecks Main Street again,” she declared at a campaign stop in West Des Moines, Iowa, on Jan. 24, adding: “No bank is too big to fail, and no executive is too powerful to jail.”

Clinton’s success at raising millions from major Wall Street players — even as she blasts some of their most lucrative practices — shows how she continues to benefit from relationships she and her husband forged over decades.

Many of those supporting her now have been involved with the Clintons since 1992, when a network of young bankers and investors mobilized to raise money for Bill Clinton’s first White House run, including some who went on to serve in his administration.

“I feel like I know her well enough to know that she is a very rational and practical and smart person,” said Sussman, who helped Bill Clinton in 1992 and has since hosted fundraisers for both Clintons at his Connecticut home. “And in fact, it will help the industry if there is more transparency, more enforcement of regulations — even perhaps stronger regulations — so that the investor public has confidence in the markets.”

As Sanders has put her on the defensive about her Wall Street contributions, Clinton has responded that the campaign money does not influence her approach to regulating the financial industry.

“Anybody who knows me, who thinks they can influence me, name anything they’ve influenced me on. Just name one thing,” Clinton said Wednesday night at a televised CNN forum in New Hampshire. “I’m out here every day saying, ‘I’m going to shut them down; I’m going after them.’ ”

Clinton points to her proposals to rein in the sector — such as a new risk fee on large financial institutions and increased penalties for financial crimes — as evidence that she cannot be swayed.

“She believes that the measure of our success must be defined by how much incomes rise for hard-working families, not just CEOs and money managers,” said campaign spokesman Josh Schwerin. “The hundreds of thousands of people who have supported Hillary’s campaign know that’s what she’s fighting for.”

On the trail, Clinton regularly cites the support she has from Wall Street reform advocates such as former Massachusetts congressman Barney Frank, who co-authored the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.

Frank said in an interview that he was not concerned that Clinton would be beholden to Wall Street because of the industry’s donations, noting that he also has taken contributions from banks.

“The plan she has put forward is tougher and better than Sanders’s,” Frank said. “Even for people who don’t want to trust her integrity — and I do — if she is president of the United States and she has taken strong public positions on these things . . . her ability to back down in favor of a campaign contribution is nonexistent.”

Still, Clinton’s deep ties to the financial sector have emerged as one of her biggest obstacles as Sanders casts her as a friend of the big banks. “Most progressives that I know don’t raise millions of dollars from Wall Street,” he tweeted Wednesday. Only about $75,000 of the $75 million Sanders has raised for his 2016 campaign has come from donors in the finance sector, according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics.

Earlier in the campaign, Clinton tried to explain her connections to the industry in part by noting that she “represented Wall Street” as a U.S. senator from New York. In one debate in November, she appeared to suggest that campaign donations she received from financial services firms came in response to her support for New York City after the 9/11 terrorist attacks.

As Sanders’s excoriations of Wall Street have helped him gain traction, the former secretary of state has sought to ramp up her own rhetoric, matching his tone of outrage and indignation.

[Bernie Sanders’s campaign brings in jaw-dropping $20 million in January]

“I’m really proud of my plan, that it is driving the Republicans and Wall Street crazy,” Clinton said in Dover, N.H., on Wednesday, adding: “They know that I know how to stop them from ever hurting us again.”

Clinton has called out specific companies such as Pfizer and Johnson Controls for conducting “corporate inversions” — a merger with a foreign counterpart for tax benefits.

“On the tax code, they call that an inversion; I call it a perversion,” she said Wednesday. “And I’m going to go right after that!”

At the same time, however, Clinton continues to collect money from financiers who are benefiting from some of the deals she decries. Among those who have raised at least $100,000 for her campaign is Blair Effron, a founding partner of Centerview Partners, a boutique investment firm that played a role in the Pfizer and Johnson Controls inversion negotiations. A Centerview spokesman declined to comment.

In December, Effron attended a joint fundraiser for Clinton’s campaign and the Democratic National Committee held at the Manhattan home of Blackstone Group President Hamilton “Tony” James and his wife, as first reported by the Wall Street Journal. The featured guest was legendary investor Warren Buffett, and attendees included Byron Wien, a vice chairman at Blackstone; Wesley Edens, co-founder of Fortress Investment Group; and Cliff Robbins, chief executive of Blue Harbour Group.

Clinton’s reliance on such figures for financial support alarms some on the left, who are already wary of the ties she and her husband have to Robert Rubin, the former Goldman Sachs co­chairman who became Bill Clinton’s treasury secretary.

Hillary Clinton’s tougher rhetoric and regulatory proposals are “commendable,” said Jeff Hauser, who leads the Revolving Door Project, a foundation-funded effort that has joined Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) in calling for presidential candidates to commit to appointing independent regulators at the Treasury Department and other agencies.

But, Hauser said, she “has to decide whether she wants to fully commit or have one foot on the reform wing of the Democratic Party and another on the Wall Street wing.”

Clinton scooped up Wall Street donations during her first Senate run in 2000, turning to Rubin and investment banker Roger Altman, who served in her husband’s administration, to introduce her to key players.

Since that first race, the financial sector has been among the top industries that have supported her, a Post analysis found last year.

Along with the $44.1 million the industry has donated to back her campaigns, she personally earned more than $3.7 million for delivering paid speeches to banks and other financial services firms since leaving the State Department in 2013, personal financial disclosures show.

Those payments have dogged her on the campaign trail. During the CNN forum Wednesday night, Clinton struggled to explain why she accepted $675,000 from Goldman Sachs to deliver three speeches to the bank.

“That’s what they offered,” she told moderator Anderson Cooper, adding: “They’re not giving me very much money now, I can tell you that much. Fine with me.”

With the $21.4 million that Wall Street has given for her current White House bid, Clinton is on track to quickly exceed the nearly $23 million that she raised in her three previous campaigns combined from the PACs and employees of banks, hedge funds, securities firms and insurance companies, according to the latest Post analysis.

That’s in part because this is the first time Clinton is running in the era of super PACs, which can accept unlimited donations from individuals and corporations. So far, financial-sector donors have given $17.4 million to her allied super PACs, the analysis found.

But Clinton is also leaning on Wall Street to help finance her campaign directly as she tries to stay ahead of Sanders’s robust online fundraising operation, which brought in more than $20 million in January.

Last week, Sanders jabbed at Clinton for attending a fundraiser in Philadelphia at the office of investment firm Franklin Square Capital Partners days before the Iowa caucuses. The event included a special acoustic performance for donors by Jon Bon Jovi. A spokeswoman for the firm declined to comment.

Meanwhile, two other finance industry fundraisers that were set to take place before the New Hampshire primary have been rescheduled for later dates. The campaign declined to say why.

Clinton was originally supposed to attend an event in Boston on Friday, organized by Jeannie and Jonathan Lavine, the managing partner of Sankaty Advisors, an affiliate of Bain Capital, according to details obtained by the Sunlight Foundation’s Political Party Time. The fundraiser has been rescheduled for a later date that the campaign would not reveal.

In addition, a New York fundraiser billed as a “Conversation With Hillary,” co-hosted by Matt Mallow, chief legal officer for the asset-management firm BlackRock, originally scheduled for Jan. 28 has been moved to Feb. 16.

The next day, Bill Clinton will headline a fundraiser in New York hosted by real estate investor Bal Das and Valérie Demont, a lawyer who heads the U.S.-India practice at Pepper Hamilton, specializing in international mergers and acquisitions.

Das said he has not been troubled that Hillary Clinton now goes after Wall Street regularly on the campaign trail.

“Her points are very fair,” said Das, who was also a top fundraiser for her 2008 presidential bid. “She is not saying anything that someone deeply involved in the financial services sector would disagree with. She is spot on, pragmatic, with a deep understanding of how this all does come together.”

Alice Crites and Rosalind S. Helderman in Washington; Abby Phillip in Dover, N.H.; and John Wagner in Keene, N.H., contributed to this report.",1
1666,Donald Trump is destroying Jeb Bush: Why his 9/11 gambit could be the last straw,"This past weekend, the Donald finally pushed a button that was too much for Jeb to bear: He made the factual observation that Jeb’s brother had been president on 9/11. Well, all hell broke loose, as every GOP establishment figure rose up in untamed fury that Trump would be rude enough to bring such a thing up. Why, that’s sacrilege.

Bush followed up with a bizarre tweet which encapsulates the central vulnerability of his campaign and calls into question his entire rationale for running.

This is a strange argument, if only because Trump is obviously correct: The attack happened on George W. Bush’s watch. Thus, it’s undeniable that he did not keep us safe. But up until now, it has been considered something of a faux pas to even say as much.

Sure, there were some malcontents on the left who tepidly pointed out the obvious truth — that if Al Gore had been president at the time, the Republicans would have impeached him (if not tried and hanged him for treason) — had the shoe been on the other foot. That’s fairly obvious. But people mostly decided to eschew the blame game after 9/11.

Gore, for his part, came forward to declare that “George W. Bush is my commander in chief” and exhort his fellow Democrats to “unite behind our president … behind the effort to seek justice, not revenge, to make sure this will never, ever happen again.” Soon after, the entire Congress, except for Rep. Barbara Lee, backed the president’s decision to invade Afghanistan. There was very little political dissension. Indeed, the only serious partisan sniping came from people on the right like Andrew Sullivan, claiming without evidence that “the left” was in league with the terrorists. But for the most part, any blame for the attacks was muted and relegated to the extremes.

The government investigated, of course, and quite thoroughly. It created a blue ribbon, bipartisan commission which interviewed everyone involved, held public hearings and published a report in book form for the entire country to see. The hearings were particularly riveting as the nation got to hear from various insiders about what had been going on before, during and after the attacks. Most memorable was former terrorism czar Richard Clarke, who testified that he and others had been running around with their “hair on fire” trying to get the administration to focus on the high probability of an imminent terrorist attack on U.S. soil.

And everyone remembers National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice, under questioning by the commission, admitting that the president had been given a very specific memo warning of the attacks on August 6th, 2001, almost a month before the attacks. When asked what the title of the memo was, Rice replied, to gasps from the audience there and undoubtedly in every living room in America, “I believe it said ‘Bin Laden determined to strike inside the United States.'”

It was a while before America got to see that memo, but when we did, we saw that they explicitly warned that they would “follow the example of World Trade Center bomber.” It said that in the first paragraph.

There was also a lot of information about the president’s response to the attacks, including the rather bizarre fact that Vice President Dick Cheney seemed to have taken over control in the early going and that the commission was not allowed to interview the president outside the VP’s presence. But with all that, there was no Select Committee on 9/11 formed after the Democrats took over the Congress in 2006 to go over the same ground. They did not belabor the issue by calling more witnesses and subpoenaing more documents and keeping the issue alive as a scab that would never heal on the backs of the families who lost loved ones on that awful day. They did not, in other words, turn 9/11 into a partisan witch hunt.

Donald Trump, of course, doesn’t care about any of that. He’s just a street fighter who says whatever comes into his head. And he’s perfectly happy to yank Jeb Bush’s chain and force him to answer for the fact that his brother was treated far better than he and his brother and all the rest of them would have treated any Democrat in that situation. He’s willing to go where no one else was: He’s blaming Bush for 9/11.

Jeb, for his part, appeared on CNN’s State of the Union on Sunday to respond to Trump’s needling, and clumsily said that “it’s what you do after [the attack] that matters”. Unfortunately, this not only stipulates that his brother did fail to keep us safe, but then invites the public to look at what he did after, which is not a record on which anyone should want to run. (The obvious question: Was attacking a country that didn’t attack us, leading to thousands more lives lost, evidence of his “keeping us safe”?)

No, Jeb Bush would be wise to simply roll his eyes at Donald Trump and let him rant on without responding, because whenever he opens his mouth, he creates a whole new set of questions. This point was driven home when Jake Tapper brought up Benghazi in this context: TAPPER: Obviously Al Qaeda was responsible for the terrorist attack of 9/11, but how do you respond to critics who ask, if your brother and his administration bear no responsibility at all, how do you then make the jump that President Obama and Secretary Clinton are responsible for what happened at Benghazi? JEB BUSH: Well I — the question on Benghazi which, is hopefully we’ll now finally get the truth to, is was the place secure? They had a responsibility, the Department of State, to have proper security. There were calls for security, it looks like they didn’t get it. And how was the response in the aftermath of the attack, was there a chance that these four American lives could have been saved? That’s what the investigation is about, it’s not a political issue. It’s not about the broad policy issue, is were we doing the job of protecting our embassies and our consulates and during the period, those hours after the attack started, could they have been saved? TAPPER: Well that’s, that’s kind of proving the point of the critics I was just asking about, because you don’t want to have your brother bear responsibility for 9/11 and I understand that argument and Al Qaeda’s responsible, but why are the terrorists not the ones who are responsible for these attacks in Libya? BUSH: They are, of course they are but — of course they are, but if the ambassador was asking for additional security and didn’t get it, that’s a rproper point and if it’s proven that the security was adequate compared to other embassies, fine, we’ll move on. Jeb doesn’t seem to realize that every time a Republican bellows “Four Americans died on Clinton’s watch!” and in the next breath insist, “How dare you say George Bush didn’t keep us safe on his watch,” something doesn’t quite track. Even Americans who are otherwise too busy to pay attention to the granular details can tell that this is a very strange construction. If you watch the video, Jeb himself misses more than a couple of beats when Tapper brings it up — he obviously felt the dissonance. All congressional majorities play politics and there is always a political element to any investigation by one party into the presidency of the other party. But the Republicans have turned this into a blood sport in ways that are unconscionable. It’s one thing to hold hearings about Hillary Clinton’s cattle futures trades back in the ’70s or the White House Christmas card list. These are stupid wastes of time and money but they are not about life and death issues for which the Republicans should have a little bit more respect. After 9/11, it would have been very easy for the Democratic Congress to turn what the Bush administration did into a three ring circus of recriminations and insinuations for political gain. (There were plenty of people who thought President Bush could have been impeached for what Jeb insists was his brother’s finest hour — his actions after 9/11, and the Iraq invasion in particular.) Unlike these relentless Benghazi Inspector Javerts, for better or worse, the Democrats thought it would be more legitimate to win the presidency and the Congress through the electoral process in which the epic failure of the Iraq invasion was the focus rather than trying to blame George W. Bush for failing to keep the country safe on 9/11. And that was noble of them. Donald Trump is not noble. Jeb Bush is going to be questioned on this and he’s going to need a better answer than saying his brother kept the country safe. He didn’t. And he didn’t do any better in the aftermath. He made some good speeches and, to his credit, he cautioned Americans not to blame Muslims in general for the attacks (which may be the best thing he did). Other than that, it’s not a good record, no matter how you look at it. In fact, it’s astonishing that Jeb ever thought he could run without having to answer for it. Trump is going to make sure he does. Meanwhile, the upside to this little squabble is we’ve finally been able to put the partisan responses to 9/11 and Benghazi up for comparison. Lets just say it doesn’t look all that good for Team Red. Jeb and The Donald’s spat is only going to make that clearer as time goes on.",1
504,States with the most people on food stamps,"With grocery bills priced as high as $1,300 per month as of late, some American workers simply cannot afford all of their groceries on top of everything else they already have to buy. This is why the government offers food stamps.

The USDA Food and Nutrition Service reports that as of September 2014, there were around 46.5 million individual food stamp recipients (22.7 million households) receiving an average benefit of $123.74 each (around $257 per household).

To be eligible, a household has to earn a gross income amount that's less than 130% of the poverty level, or a net income amount (gross income minus deductions) that's less than 100% of the poverty level for their family size.

This means, a single person can be eligible for food stamps if his or her gross monthly income is under $1,265 ($15,180 per year), and a family of four can be eligible if they gross less than $2,584 per month ($31,008 per year). The applicant also can't be a wealthy person who simply doesn't have a steady income source. So, if the applicant has thousands of dollars sitting in the bank, for instance, they won't apply as cash assets are considered as well.

MORE: 5 reasons why your grocery bills are so high

MORE:5 jobs that pay more than you think

MORE:5 jobs that can make more money than a doctor

So overall, the program makes perfect sense on paper. It sounds completely reasonable: If you earn too little money, you can temporarily receive a card for your groceries for a while. Food stamps help millions of individuals and families, but the corresponding billions of dollars that the program costs make some taxpayers critical of it.

A taxpayer's view of the welfare system depends on many factors — his or her upbringing, personal experiences, and even where he or she lives. In some areas of the country, food stamp use is more common than in others.

We've created a list of the states that have the most food stamp recipients per capita. To determine the states on this list, we used the USDA Food Nutrition Service's most recent state-by-state data, coupled with population data from the Census Bureau. States with the highest number of food stamp participants relative to population ranked highest. We've also included a state-by-state breakdown of food stamp use in all 50 states and the District of Columbia

States with the most people on food stamps:

• Percentage of the state's population on food stamps: 18.67%

• Total cost of just these benefits alone (That is, how much do just the money on those EBT cards cost the state): Around $107.4 million

• Cost of benefits alone per capita in this state: $23.10

• Number of food stamp recipients: Just over 1.28 million

• Percentage of the state's population on food stamps: 19.58%

• Total cost of just these benefits alone (That is, how much do just the money on those EBT cards cost the state?): Around $158.7 million

• Cost of benefits alone per capita in this state: $24.23

• Percentage of the state's population on food stamps: 19.93%

• Total cost of just these benefits alone (That is, how much do just the money on those EBT cards cost the state?): Around $98 million

• Cost of benefits alone per capita in this state: $24.66 per person

• Percentage of the state's population on food stamps: 19.96%

• Total cost of just these benefits alone (That is, how much do just the money on those EBT cards cost the state?): Around $45.7 million

• Cost of benefits alone per capita in this state: $24.69 per person

• Percentage of the state's population on food stamps: 21.5%

• Total cost of just these benefits alone (That is, how much do just the money on those EBT cards cost the state?): Around $55.5 million

• Cost of benefits alone per capita in this state: $26.60 per person

• Percentage of the state's population on food stamps: 21.74%

• Total cost of just these benefits alone (That is, how much do just the money on those EBT cards cost the state?): Around $80.5 million

• Estimated cost of benefits alone per capita in this state: $26.90 per person

• Percentage of the state's population on food stamps: 21.97%

• Total cost of just these benefits alone (That is, how much do just the money on those EBT cards cost the state?): Around $18 million

• Estimated cost of benefits alone per capita in this state: $27.19 per person

The Cheat Sheet is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and commentary. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.",1
3290,Why Mitch McConnell bid to extend Patriot Act failed,"Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell thought he could use Sunday's Patriot Act deadline to get senators in line. It didn't work, thanks in large part to  Sen. Rand Paul.

Mysterious gap in the four-legged fossil record might not be a gap at all

Senate Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell of Ky. walks to his office on Capitol Hill in Washington, May 5, 2015. Key Patriot Act anti-terror provisions, including bulk collection of Americans’ phone records, were set to expire at midnight Sunday.

As promised by Sen. Rand Paul, the federal government’s massive gathering of Americans’ phone records “went dark” at midnight Sunday, dealing a blow to the program’s advocates – including Senator Paul’s fellow Republican from Kentucky, Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell.

The expiration of the program and other anti-terrorism surveillance provisions under the Patriot Act, although expected to be only temporary, is Sen. McConnell’s first serious defeat as majority leader. It shows just how difficult it can be to keep his own members in line – particularly when they are running for president, as is Paul.

And it shows that sometimes, the longtime strategy of using deadlines to force consensus in Congress just doesn’t work. “Sometimes they work, sometimes they don’t,” said Sen. Orrin Hatch (R) of Utah. “It’s tough to lead this bunch,” he added.

Especially Paul. The libertarian has made ending the data gathering program his signature issue, and has featured his spirited Senate fight in campaign ads and fundraising appeals.

In the wee hours of May 24 and again in an unusual Senate session on Sunday, Paul used parliamentary rules to disrupt floor action on the issue. A vote on a House compromise known as the USA Freedom Act is not expected until later this week.

This is exactly what McConnell was trying to avoid.

The House bill passed overwhelmingly and has President Obama’s support. It leaves the job of data gathering to phone companies, rather than the government, and requires the government to get a search warrant to access it.

McConnell worked hard to build opposition to the House bill, which he has criticized as a hurdle to intelligence gathering. But he lost supporters as senators coalesced around the House bill, 77 to 17, in a procedural vote to advance the bill on Sunday. The leader had wanted to simply extend the provisions of the Patriot Act, but Paul – eight days ago and on Sunday – blocked even short-term extensions.

“I’m sure we’re not going to let the whole program lapse, but because Senator Paul is taking advantage of the rules of the Senate, [we] will delay and there will be an interim period where the nation is less secure,” Sen. John McCain (R) of Arizona, said on Sunday.

Democrats see things differently. Minority leader Harry Reid of Nevada faulted McConnell, blaming him for a “manufactured crisis” by waiting to bring up the Patriot Act provisions until just before the Senate’s Memorial Day recess – a week before their expiration.

When he was majority leader, Reid also used deadlines to forge consensus. It's a common floor management technique. But Reid ""would never have stacked this many bills together against a deadline without a clear path forward,” his spokesman, Adam Jentleson, said in an email. Mr. Jentleson was referring to trade and highway bills that also were voted on shortly before the Senate broke for recess just over a week ago.

Could this have been avoided?

“It’s difficult to know,” said Sen. Susan Collins (R) of Maine. “Perhaps we should have stayed in last week, rather than going on recess until the issue was resolved.”

On the other hand, she said, when McConnell offered short-term extensions to work out compromise legislation just before the recess, “I don’t think it was anticipated” that Paul and some Democratic allies would object.

Now, she said, “all of us are extremely concerned about the program going dark at a time when the terrorist threat is very high and coming at us from so many different directions.”",1
2801,Administration officials defend Iran nuclear deal,"WASHINGTON—Top administration officials forcefully defended the Iran nuclear deal Thursday before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in the face of unified GOP opposition and some Democratic skepticism about the deal’s capability to deter a nuclear Iran.

If Congress scuttles the deal ""we will have squandered the best chance we have to solve this problem through peaceful means,"" said Secretary of State John Kerry, who appeared alongside Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz and Treasury Secretary Jack Lew.

Thursday’s hearing is the first public congressional forum to review terms of an agreement struck by the U.S., Iran and five other nations and unanimously supported by the United Nations Security Council.

Lawmakers are expected to vote on the deal this fall in what will be one of the most significant foreign policy votes to occur during the Obama presidency.

Republicans in particular levied harsh critiques of the agreement to limit Iran's nuclear ambitions in exchange for easing sanctions. “With all due respect, you guys have been bamboozled, and the American people are going to pay for that,"" said Sen. James Risch, R-Idaho.

Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., a 2016 presidential candidate who has carved out a role as a foreign policy hawk, had a testy exchange with Kerry.

""I listened to a long list of your objections here about it, but there is no alternative that you or anybody else has proposed"" to stop a nuclear Iran, Kerry said. “I sure have, Secretary Kerry,” Rubio responded.

""I am confident that the next president of the United States will have enough common sense that if this is being applied properly, if it is being implemented fully, they’re not going to arbitrarily end it,"" Kerry replied.

Kerry said any congressional effort to undermine the deal would send a message that America can’t be trusted in international negotiations after leading world powers all signed off on the deal. The message would be: “We’ve got 535 secretaries of State and you can’t deal with anybody, and that's going to undo a whole bunch of efforts and a whole bunch of things that matter in the world” Kerry said.

Rubio also chastised the administration for not doing more to secure the release of American hostages, including Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been imprisoned for a year. Rezaian’s brother attended Thursday’s hearing.

The panel’s chairman, Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., blasted ""hyperbole"" from the administration that ""it's either this deal or war"" and listed a number of weaknesses he sees in the agreement regarding the caliber of the inspections, the timeline to ease sanctions, and Iran's ability to continue a nuclear program.

""I'd have to say that, based on my reading -- and I believe that you have crossed a new threshold in U.S. foreign policy -- where now it is a policy of the United States to enable a state sponsor of terror to obtain sophisticated, industrial nuclear development program that has, as we know, only one real practical need,"" Corker said.

Even the panel's top Democrats, Sen. Ben Cardin, D-Md., and Bob Menendez, D-N.J., appeared skeptical about the deal, and neither has indicated they can support it yet.

Congress has until Sept. 17 to vote to approve, disapprove or take no action at all. Obama has said he would veto any bill to block it.

With Republicans in control of Congress and party leaders working to kill the deal, the administration's strategy appears to be to shore up enough Democratic support to block a veto override, which would require the support of at least 34 senators or 146 House members.

To that end, the trio of administration officials met privately Thursday afternoon with House Democrats. Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., is helping the administration shore up the support President Obama needs.

""I feel very confident we're going to have enough votes"" to block a veto override, said Rep. Jan Schakowsky, D-Ill., who supports the agreement, following the meeting.",1
1820,"Mitt Romney Was Right: To win in 2016, here's what Republicans must do now","I think most people would agree that Mitt Romney is a good man who cares deeply about his country, and he would have made a great president.

It’s our collective loss as a nation that he wasn’t elected in 2012. I know I speak for many when I say I was excited about the prospect of a Romney 2016 candidacy and his vision for a stronger and more prosperous America and a safer, more stable world.

I’ve known Mitt for almost 15 years, dating back to our time together in Massachusetts politics. I’ve seen first-hand the traits that made him a world-class businesses man, savior of the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics, and a strong chief executive as governor of the Bay State. But I’ve also seen the side of him that others may be less familiar with: a devoted husband, father, and grandfather who puts his family’s interests above all else.

Like me, Mitt is deeply concerned about the future of this country, and the conditions we’ll leave it in for our kids and grandkids. The main reason he took a long look at another run for president, before ultimately deciding it was time for a new generation of Republican leaders, was because of his concern over the fact that our allies don’t trust us, and our foes do not fear, or respect us.

Our foreign policy is a joke, and the lack of leadership is leaving a void for criminal or terrorist elements to fill.

He concluded that after a bruising and potentially divisive primary, our primary process as it stands, together with the lack of unity after the primary would have made it easier for Hillary Clinton to become our next president. Governor Romney and I think that is something our nation simply cannot afford – and something that all Republicans must stand united against, no matter where they fall on the ideological spectrum.

After eight catastrophic years of President Obama, our country desperately needs new and fresh leadership that projects American strength. Put simply, it is clear that Hillary Clinton represents the third term of Barack Obama and his failed foreign policy. Through her words and writings, it’s clear she shares the same left-wing economic ideology as President Obama and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, rooted firmly in the concept that a bigger government is the answer to everything.

Clinton’s widely-panned comment that businesses don’t create jobs demonstrates an unfiltered view into her true economic principles and a stunning lack of appreciation for American free enterprise.  It shows that she is of the same school of thought that led to the “you didn’t build it” ideology, which demonizes our job creators and brings us closer to socialism.

Gone are the days of the JFK Democrats who believed that, if you worked hard and kept your head down, you could make an honest living, provide for your family, and achieve the American Dream. No longer does the Democratic Party celebrate and encourage economic success; instead their policies of wealth re-distribution punish those who do well.  This discourages innovation and puts a damper on the American dream for our younger generations.

When it comes to international affairs, Clinton is even worse. For four years, she was the face of Obama’s foreign policy, which emboldened our enemies and insulted our allies. As a result, the former doesn’t fear us and the latter doesn’t trust us. Obama's “leading from behind” strategy leaves America more vulnerable.

As America’s influence around the world has waned, violent terrorists have stepped up and filled the vacuum, and the results, have been both catastrophic and heart-breaking.

Last month, we all watched in horror as radical Muslims shed the blood of innocent victims in the streets of Paris. Policemen and cartoonists were murdered in cold blood for the whole world to see, and members of the Jewish faith were targeted because of their religious beliefs.

And yet in the face of all of these new threats, Hillary Clinton refuses to acknowledge the obvious: we are engaged in a potentially centuries-long war with Muslim extremists who will stop at nothing to export their policies of terror around the world.  It is a war rooted in religion, and we need to show these terrorists that we have the muscle and willpower to outlast them.

On all of these issues, and more, Mitt Romney was right. Now it’s time for a new set of Republican leaders to pick up where he left off and take the Republican Party’s ideas directly to the American people.

Throughout the 2016 primary process, our GOP candidates must project economic strength which is based on the principles of free enterprise. They must also show a muscular foreign policy that makes no apologies for having the strongest fighting force in the world.

If we do that, we can win back the White House and put this country back on firm footing for all of our citizens.",1
3628,"In wake of Paris shooting, Spain worries about terror attacks on its home soil","With France still reeling from the horrific terrorist shooting on Paris satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo on Wednesday that left 12 people dead, neighboring Spain is on high alert for a similar type of attack on the Iberian Peninsula.

Hours after the shooting at Charlie Hebdo, Spain’s Interior Minister Jorge Fernández Díaz said that Spain's anti-terrorist security level was upgraded a notch and that the country was sharing information with France in relation to the attacks. Spain has ramped up security around public infrastructure spots like train stations and increased the police presence on streets throughout the country’s cities.

""I firmly condemn the terrorist attack in Paris, and my condolences and solidarity to the French people for the victims,"" Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy tweeted yesterday, adding. ""Spain with France.""

Díaz, however, tried to downplay Spain’s response to the Paris attack, saying that the country had no evidence to suggest ""an additional threat of an attack in Spain as a consequence of what happened"" in France. The interior minister did add that the growing rivalry between al-Qaida and the Islamic State could lead to more attacks like that around the world.

""The dangers posed by Spanish jihadis returning home armed with combat experience twinned with ideological motivation are very real,"" Rafael Anibal, the Madrid-based communications director for the non-profit group Fuente Latina told Fox News Latino. ""There is great concern about the threats these battle-hardened fighters pose the general public in Spain.""

So far, no terrorist group has claimed responsibility for the attack, and the one suspect, Mourad Hamyd, who surrendered at a police station after hearing his name linked to the attack isn't known to be linked to any organization. However, a witness to the shooting claims to have heard one of the gunmen yell that they were acting on behalf of al-Qaida in Yemen, suggesting an affiliation with the violent al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) group.

AQAP recently named Charlie Hebdo’s editor, Stéphane Charbonnier, to its hit list of Westerners who have insulted the Muslim faith.

Spain is no stranger to terrorist attacks, and its use as a conduit for European terrorists traveling to the Middle East is well-documented.

In 2004, Spain was rocked by a number of attacks on Madrid train stations that left 191 people dead and injured more than 2,000 that were carried out by an al-Qaida-inspired terrorist cell. In the last year, Spanish authorities have arrested at least 50 people with ties to Islamic extremist groups – some in the North African enclaves of Melilla and Ceuta and some on the Iberian Peninsula itself.

""Memories of Islamic terrorism on Spanish soil are still fresh in our collective memory – about 191 people were killed in Madrid last decade,"" Anibal said. ""Spain has a very complicated geostrategic position in part due to its proximity to North Africa.""

Security experts say that Spain’s big worry about these groups is whether the extremist groups will conduct attacks on the Iberian Peninsula or are just passing through the country en route to targets in other parts of Western Europe or in the U.S.

""Spain should be asking [itself] who is the target,"" Matthew Dunn, a former operative for the British Secret Service, MI6, told FNL last year. ""Will it be there or will Spain only be a transit point to other countries like France or Great Britain?""

Both Rajoy and leaders of Spain’s mainstream Islamic community have condemned the attacks and tried to downplay anti-Muslim sentiment that might arise throughout Europe in the wake of the Paris shooting. There are about 1.2 million Muslims living in Spain – about 2.5 percent of the population.

""This multiple murder goes totally against Islam. Neither cartoon strips, nor religion, nor anything at all can justify murder. Murder is against the law and against all logic and reason,"" Muhammed Escudero Uribe, deputy chairman of the Spanish Islamic Board told Spanish media. ""Islam is a religion which promotes peace, integration and living in harmony.""

Even so, in Spain and across Europe, leaders have had to deal with the threat of radicalized Muslims while also worrying about the rise of xenophobic groups who themselves threaten violence against their countries' Islamic minority.

""Spain is a country that guarantees religious freedom, but Spain will never give terrorism a free pass. The enemy is terrorism, from that premise one can defend any position – as long as others [rights] are respected."" Rajoy said, according to El País.""I am calm. I think the most important is that we continue the battle against terrorism.""

Follow us on twitter.com/foxnewslatino

 Like us at facebook.com/foxnewslatino",1
1609,Carly’s momentum keeps growing,"**Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**

Buzz Cut:

 • Carly’s momentum keeps growing

 • Southern Man: Trump heads to Mobile for mega rally

 • New doubts about Hillary email claims

 • Iran deal doubts grow

 • Be the bear

CARLY’S MOMENTUM KEEPS GROWING

 No candidate in the Republican field has had a better two weeks than Carly Fiorina. Gallup polling out today compares views of the Republican contenders before and after the Aug. 6 Fox News debate in Cleveland. Favorable views of Fiorina are up an eye-popping 15 points, 3 points more than the two other debate winners, Ben Carson and John Kasich.

 

 “I went into the debate thinking this was an opportunity. An opportunity to introduce myself to Republican people,” Fiorina said in an interview on “Power Play with Chris Stirewalt.” “It was an opportunity I was going to take full advantage of.”

 

 But there were others who hoped for (and needed) standout showings. They saw sentiment collapse. Gallup shows Rand Paul, Rick Perry, Rick Santorum and Lindsey Graham took double-digit nosedives. Other, mostly better-known candidates saw little change. Donald Trump (17 percent net favorability) and Jeb Bush (27 percent net favorability) were essentially unchanged.

 

 Fiorina shot past Trump and Bush to a net score of 37 percent, but along the way earned the enmity of Trump, whom she whacked for his post-debate comments. Trump has made attacking Fiorina a standard part of his speeches and interviews since then, often complaining about the sound of her voice.

 

 “We’re not actually solving problems when we just hurl insults each other’s way,” Fiorina said in the interview. “I think we need a leader who will actually honor citizens by reengaging them in the political process and in their government…”

 

 The poll shows Fiorina still has room to grow.

 

 After the debate, an all-time high of 51 percent of Republicans expressed familiarity with her name. That brings her near top-tier contender Scott Walker, who is still a relative unknown to 40 percent of his party. But she is still less known by 20 points than Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, 30 points less than Bush and 40 points less than Trump.

 

 ‘It was my personal relationship with Jesus Christ that saved me’ - In her interview, Fiorina also responded to those who have questioned her faith and resolve to fight Islamist militants because she once spoke in praise of the enlightenment of the medieval Ottoman Empire: “No one needs to question or tell me about my faith. I’ve been through some hard times in my life. I’ve battled cancer. We’ve lost a child to the demons of addiction. So I understand in deeply personal terms, that it was my personal relationship with Jesus Christ that saved me, that saved my family. So it’s unfortunate when people throw stones at anyone, but politics has sort of become that, hasn’t it? And we have candidates who encourage it.”

 

 SOUTHERN MAN: TRUMP HEADS TO MOBILE FOR MEGA RALLY

 In what is set to be a scorcher down South today, Donald Trump plans have his biggest rally yet. After moving venues to the University of South Alabama’s 40,000-seat stadium, Trump is looking to solidify summer support into something that will last through the winter.

 

 The Kingfish or the King? - AL.com: “‘I had an older woman call me the other day asking how I can get tickets ... she didn’t have Internet and she couldn’t get tickets,’ [Jonathan Gray of Strategy Research] said. ‘I asked her, ‘Why do you want to go?’ I asked her, ‘Are you backing Donald Trump?’ She said, ‘I don’t know think so.’ She said that she regretted ‘all my life that she didn’t see Elvis’ and didn’t want to regret the opportunity to see Donald Trump.’”

 

 Trumped in their home states, except Walker, Kasich - A slew of recent polls in the home states of many 2016ers show they are losing ground to Donald Trump. In Florida, Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio split potential voters to trail Trump by 4 points and 10 points, respectively. More significantly, Trump also maintains a major lead in Texas over home state guys Sen. Ted Cruz and former Gov. Rick Perry. Trump bests Cruz by 8 points and Perry by a dozen points, with 24 percent support - up from 2 percent two months ago.  But holding their ground are Scott Walker, who maintains a 25 percent to 9 percent advantage over Trump, and Gov. John Kasich, who tops a poll in his state, beating Trump by 6 points.

 

 Cruz shifting to meet Trump? - Wash Ex’s David Drucker takes a look at the differing immigration policies between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. Is Cruz shifting his position to meet Trump’s hard line? Drucker writes, “‘It shouldn’t be surprising that there’s some commonality between Trump’s plan and Sen. Cruz’s previously expressed positions,’ Cruz campaign senior spokesman Rick Tyler told the Washington Examiner in a telephone interview.”

 

 Jeb cites Rubio, Cruz in birthright citizenship - National Review: “Bush reminded voters that some popular Republicans have benefited from birthright citizenship. ‘If people are here legally, they have a visa and they have a child who’s born here, I think that they ought to be American citizens,’ he said today in New Hampshire. ‘People like Marco Rubio, by the way, that’s how he came. So to suggest that we make it impossible for a talented person like that not to be a candidate for president, or Ted Cruz? I think we’re getting a little overboard here.’”

 

 [Back off, eh - Cruz’s campaign was quick to point out that the candidate’s automatic American citizenship at birth in Canada derived from his mother’s status as a natural-born citizen, not the provisions of the 14th Amendment.]

 

 Eurozone? - Federalist Ben Domenech asks whether Trump’s popularity reflects a turn toward European-style politics in America.

 

 POWER PLAY: CADDYSHACK CAMPAIGN

 Jeb Bush engaged in a political donnybrook with rival Donald Trump this week. Is this smart strategy or a potential minefield for Bush? Republican Ford O’Connell and Democrat Brad Woodhouse join Chris Stirewalt to hash out the pros and cons. WATCH HERE.

 

 #mediabuzz - Are media watchdogs taking Donald Trump more seriously? Is Hillary Clinton’s testy relationship with the press adding to her woes? Host Howard Kurtz and guests dive in. Watch “#mediabuzz” Sunday at 11 a.m. ET, with a second airing at 5 p.m.

 

 Dubya raises cash for little bro - USA Today: “Former president George W. Bush jumped into the 2016 presidential race Thursday with a fundraising letter on behalf of brother Jeb. ‘This is a consequential time in our nation’s history, and we need a strong leader,’ the 43rd president said in the missive. ‘Jeb took on tough challenges as Florida’s Governor and delivered results. I know he will do the same as President.’”

 

 [Bush is in Columbus, Ohio today for an Americans for Prosperity summit. Other speakers for the weekend event include Rubio and Cruz.]

 

 How Walker would run - Scott Walker’s campaign previewed the kind of ObamaCare attack ad he would run against Hillary Clinton as the Republican nominee. It’s rough stuff.

 

 [Walker announced today the backing of Alabama Senate Majority Leader Greg Reed as his state chairman ahead of Walker’s weekend visit to the Yellowhammer State.]

 

 Rubio says Black Lives Matter movement cannot be ignored - Reuters: “Republican senator and presidential candidate Marco Rubio said on Thursday the issue cannot be ignored. ‘It’s a reality that in many communities in this country the relationship between minority communities and the police and law enforcement agencies is terrible,’ Rubio told the Detroit Economic Club.”

 

 [Rubio holds a town hall meeting in Valley View, Ohio.]

 

 WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE…

 Patsy Cline’s iconic recording of the song “Crazy” was made in Nashville on this day in 1961. The song was written and first recorded by a 28-year-old Willie Nelson but came to national attention when rising star Cline did her rendition later that year. Cline did not like the original demo version and told her husband Charlie Dick, who brought home the recording for her, that she wasn’t impressed. Cline decided to do the song, but due to a car crash months prior, could not record the song as Nelson intended. Her ribs had been damaged in the crash and she could not reach the high notes. After a multi-hour recording session, the country-pop tune was one of the biggest hits of the year. The album produced another enormous hit for Cline: “I Fall to Pieces.”

 

 Got a TIP from the RIGHT or the LEFT? Email FoxNewsFirst@FOXNEWS.COM

 

 POLL CHECK

 Real Clear Politics Averages

 Obama Job Approval: Approve – 44.0 percent//Disapprove – 50.3 percent

 Directions of Country: Right Direction – 28.4 percent//Wrong Track – 62.6 percent

 

 NEW DOUBTS ABOUT HILLARY EMAIL CLAIMS

 Reuters: “While the [State Department] is now stamping a few dozen of the publicly released emails as ‘Classified,’ it stresses this is not evidence of rule-breaking. Those stamps are new, it says, and do not mean the information was classified when Clinton, the Democratic frontrunner in the 2016 presidential election, first sent or received it. But the details included in those ‘Classified’ stamps — which include a string of dates, letters and numbers describing the nature of the classification — appear to undermine this account, a Reuters examination of the emails and the relevant regulations has found. The new stamps indicate that some of Clinton's emails from her time as the nation’s most senior diplomat are filled with a type of information the U.S. government and the department’s own regulations automatically deems classified from the get-go — regardless of whether it is already marked that way or not.”

 

 Trust issues - How bad is it? Chris Cillizza put it well “Only one in three voters in the three largest swing states in the country think that the overwhelming favorite for the Democratic nomination is honest and trustworthy.”

 

 Joe gets cash jolt - NY Post: “The Draft Biden organization had raised just under $79,000 through June 30, but now momentum for Biden has been so ‘tremendous’ that the super PAC is well on its way to raise $2.5 million to $3 million by the end of September, a senior adviser for the PAC told The Post. The email list has also grown from a few thousand to more than 200,000 in recent weeks. ‘We’ve seen a tremendous boost,’ said adviser Josh Alcorn, a former Biden presidential campaign staffer who was a close friend of Biden’s late son Beau.”

 

 Fox News Sunday: Biden time? - Shannon Bream heads the show this Sunday with a focus on the Democrats. Draft Biden movement advisor Josh Alcorn talks Biden run, and why he thinks the vice president has a shot. Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey breaks down the legal fallout of Hillary Clinton’s continued email server problems. Watch “Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace” airs at 2 p.m. and 6 p.m. ET on Fox News. Check local listings for air times in your area.

 

 POWER PLAY: A GO FOR JOE?

 A recent boost in the polls adds to the drumbeat as Joe Biden mulls over a run for the White House. Republican Ford O’Connell and Democrat Brad Woodhouse join Chris Stirewalt to discuss the implications of a Biden bid. WATCH HERE.

 

 O’Malley squeezes Hillary on Social Security - Former Gov. Martin O’Malley, D-Md., is trying to put the heat on Hillary Clinton to back big expansions of Social Security benefits. Politico got the deets from the campaign.

 

 IRAN DEAL DOUBTS GROW

 Following U.N. agency and Obama administration pushback of an initial report by the AP…“A draft document exclusively obtained by Fox News supports reports that Iran would play a major role in inspections at its controversial Parchin nuclear site, by providing U.N. inspectors with crucial materials. The so-called side deal, labeled ‘Separate arrangement II,’ says Iran will ‘provide to the [International Atomic Energy Agency]’ photos and videos of locations and environmental samples, ‘taking into account military concerns.’…The agreement also provides that the agency would ensure the ‘technical authenticity’ of activities -- in other words, ensuring nuclear work was not meant for weapons development -- but the IAEA would use Iran's ‘authenticated equipment.’  This would be followed by a visit from the IAEA director general.”

 

 [No sale - A CNN/ORC poll released Thursday shows 56 percent of Americans now say they think Congress should reject the deal with Iran -- up from 52 percent less than a month ago. In a recent Fox News poll respondents said they would reject the deal 58 percent to 31 percent if given the chance to vote on it.]

 

 Webb steps up opposition - Free Beacon: “Democratic presidential candidate and former Sen. Jim Webb (D., Va.) said Friday that he opposed the Iran nuclear deal for, among other reasons, giving the rogue regime a greater balance of power in a fragile region. “The danger in the Iran agreement is in what it does not address, other than nuclear issues, that allows Iran to continue to gain a greater balance of the power in a very fragile region,” Webb said on MSNBC’s Morning Joe. “It affects Israel. It affects the Sunni countries.”

 

 “Anybody who trusts the Iranians really needs some time on the couch with someone to give them serious, serious therapy. Putting the Iranians in a position to self-inspect…this is like putting a mass murderer in charge of a gun store.” – Former Gov. Mike Huckabee, R-Ark., from “Fox and Friends”

 

 BE THE BEAR

 Did you know that there are only two more Fridays left in the summer of 2015? That’s a lot of pressure. You were supposed to do so many things this summer – topiary gardens or extreme mountain biking or alpaca encounters or preserving your own organic gooseberries or whatever form of ambitious torture you devised for yourself three months ago. But you know who doesn’t read stupid “summer bucket list” articles or worry about people silently judging them on social media? Bears. Bears don’t care what you think about their summer plans. Bears don’t check Pinterest. Bears are not worried about their fantasy football draft. Bears do not know what FOMO is. So please watch these five bear cubs and their mom have the best time ever in a New Jersey family’s above-ground swimming pool and just chillax.

 

 Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News. Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
2350,Why mass shootings don't convince gun owners to support gun control,"One thing I often hear in the wake of these endless mass shootings is, ""Surely this will convince those gun people. Surely the carnage and suffering are bad enough now that they'll feel compelled to support some gun control.""

This betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of the cognitive and emotional dynamics at work. It presumes that mass shootings constitute an argument against guns, to be weighed against arguments in their favor. But to gun enthusiasts, mass shootings are not arguments against guns but for them. The rise in mass shootings is only convincing both sides that they're right, causing them to dig in further.

It's not even clear that opinions on guns and gun violence remain amenable to argument. Over the past few decades, gun ownership in the US has evolved from a practical issue for rural homeowners and hunters to a kind of gesture of tribal solidarity, an act of defiance toward Obama, the left, and all the changes they represent. The gun lobby has become more hardened and uncompromising, pushing guns into schools, churches, and universities.

This has taken place in the context of a broader and deeper polarization of the country, as Red America and Blue America have become more ideologically homogeneous and distant from one another. The two sides are now composed of people who quite literally think and feel differently — and are less and less able to communicate. The gun issue is a salient example, but far from the only one.

This suggests that if the status quo on guns in the US is to change, it will be through overwhelming political force, not through evidence and argument. Guns have now ascended to the level of worldview and identity, areas largely beyond the reach of persuasion.

For years, an accumulating body of psychological and social scientific research has shown that, as Chris Mooney summarized in an article last year, ""liberals and conservatives disagree about politics in part because they are different people at the level of personality, psychology, and even traits like physiology and genetics."" (Mooney later gathered that research in his somewhat unfortunately titled book The Republican Brain.)

Mooney quotes psychologist John Jost and colleagues, writing in Behavioral and Brain Sciences:

So, different how?

Jost and colleagues were responding positively to this paper by the University of Nebraska's John Hibbing, which argues, based on a series of experiments, that conservatives display a strong ""negativity bias"":

Other research has traced this effect in part to the physiological level, finding that conservatives have larger right amygdalae. (The amygdala is a cluster of neurons in the brain's medial temporal lobe thought to regulate basic pleasure and fear responses; many psychological conditions, including anxiety and PTSD, have been traced to abnormal functioning of the amygdala.)

Heightened sensitivity to negative stimuli can mean a propensity for anxiety, fear, and occasionally alarm. If fear threatens loss of control, many traits common to conservatives can be seen as efforts to reassert control. As Jost and colleagues summarize: ""Research consistently finds that conservatism is positively associated with heightened epistemic concerns for order, structure, closure, certainty, consistency, simplicity, and familiarity, as well as existential concerns such as perceptions of danger, sensitivity to threat, and death anxiety.""

Another way of framing the differences is in terms of the five-factor model, a set of five core personality traits many psychologists use for assessment: openness to experience, conscientiousness, extraversion, agreeableness, and neuroticism.

As Mark Mellman wrote earlier this week, liberals and conservatives consistently differ on a few of these traits. Liberals are more open to new experiences, novelty and disruption; conservatives prefer stability and the status quo. Liberals are more tolerant of mess, ambiguity, and uncertainty; conservatives prefer tidiness, clarity, and certainty.

Yet another way to frame the difference: Yale psychologist Dan Kahan, whose cultural cognition work Ezra has written about before, divides worldviews along two dimensions, hierarchical vs. egalitarian and individualist vs. communitarian. This creates a four-quadrant space; conservatives are hierarchical-individualists.

These differences can help inform our understanding of current US politics, but first we should head off a few misunderstandings.

Talking about deep personality differences is a sensitive business and inevitably draws some anger. So it's worth clarifying a few things.

All these conservative tendencies put together and pushed to the extreme amount to authoritarianism. The liberal inverse amounts to a kind of drifting libertinism. In practice, very few people lie at the far ends of the bell-curve distribution. Most people are somewhere closer to the middle, an idiosyncratic mix.

What's more, different aspects of personality can be elicited by different circumstances, at different times, around different people. In times of peace and growth, there's a drift toward liberalism. Fear and crisis tend to push everyone the other direction, to shrink boundaries of concern and heighten in-group/out-group sensitivity. So liberal and conservative traits are not static, at the group level or within an individual.

Everyone is unique. No individual is predicted or explained by this research. These are general tendencies, heuristics, fluid and context-sensitive.

Whichever of these personality traits, or clusters of traits, you might prefer, the research itself does not characterize any as better or worse. It's easy to imagine circumstances in which sensitivity to threat and commitment to stability are valuable and others in which risk-taking and innovation are valuable. And it's likely valuable to have a mix, a balance, no matter the circumstances.

As Mooney is at pains to emphasize in his book, personality does not dictate ideology. There's no law of nature that conservatives are confined to the political right. The 20th century offers no shortage of authoritarian leftists. When the political left dominates the political order, those prone to defending the status quo will tend to be leftists.

There was a period in the mid-20th century US when liberals and conservatives were somewhat more evenly distributed across the parties — there were conservative Democrats and liberal Republicans. But the past four or five decades have seen a slow (lately accelerating) process of polarization. Americans have sorted themselves: Almost all liberals are now Democrats; almost all conservatives are now Republicans. In Congress, the leftmost Republican is to the right of the rightmost Democrat.

Let us imagine, then, a conservative gun owner — an older white gentleman, let's say, in his 50s, living in the Rust Belt somewhere. When he was growing up, there was living memory of a familiar order: men working in honorable trade or manufacturing jobs, women tending home and children, Sundays at church, hard work yielding a steady rise up the ladder to a well-earned house, yard, and car.

That order was crumbling just as our gun owner inherited it. The honorable jobs are gone, or going. It's hell to find work, benefits are for shit, and there isn't much put aside for retirement. The kids are struggling with debt and low-paying jobs. They know, and our gun owner knows, that they probably aren't going to have a better life than he did — that the very core of the American promise has proven false for them, for the first time in generations.

It's a bitter, helpless feeling. And for someone naturally attuned to ""order, structure, closure, certainty, consistency, simplicity, and familiarity,"" it's scary. The role he thought he was meant to play in the world, the privileges and respect that came along with it, have been thrown into doubt. Everything is shifting under his feet.

Over the last few years, our gun owner has found a whole network of TV channels, radio shows, books, blogs, and Facebook groups that speak directly to his unease. They understand the world he heard about from his father and grandfather, the world that's being lost; they understand the urgency of saving what's left of it.

Most of all, with his already heightened sensitivity to threat further aggravated by economic uncertainty, they finally help him see who's to blame. They show him the immigrants crowding in, using up jobs and benefits that were promised to American workers. They show him minorities demanding handouts that are paid for with his taxes, even as they riot, even as they kill each other and the police. The show him terrorists making a mockery of weak American leadership. They show him elitist liberals, professors and entertainers, disdaining his values and mocking his religion.

And it is such a relief, to finally put a face to all the ambient dread, to have some clarity again, to know who the good guys and bad guys are. Our gun owner is a good guy, thankfully, from the kind of self-reliant stock that settled this country.

It seems like America's decline is a done deal, that the tide of liberal rot is unstoppable. But the one place he knows he can draw the line is at his door, on his private property, because he has a gun. He can defend his own. If the minorities riot again, or immigrant criminals move in nearby, or terrorists attack, or some wackjob goes on a shooting spree, or Obama comes for his guns ... well, that's what the guns are for. He's given up a lot, but he won't give up his autonomy or the safety of his family. He'll defend that to the end.

To our gun owner, another mass shooting is not an argument for getting rid of guns. It's a confirmation of his every instinct, another sign of moral and societal decay, another reason to arm himself and defend what he's got left.

You can tell him about Canada and Australia until you're blue in the face — the lower rate of gun deaths, the hunting exemptions, the seemingly intact freedoms. You can cite high popular support for restrictions on gun and ammunition sales. You can tell him that not every incremental tightening of standards is a slippery slope, that no one wants to confiscate his guns.

But you're just another self-righteous liberal on another self-righteous crusade, too blind or stupid to see how governments always use people like you to disarm their citizenry. You've taken enough — of his taxes, his freedoms, his culture. He won't give you any more.

A cherished myth of American politics (indeed, of democracy generally) is that it's fundamentally about persuasion, the contest of ideas. But in a political system already biased against action, in which members of both parties are becoming more ideologically and even psychologically distant, persuasion on issues that activate tribal identities is all but impossible. Our gun owner is not going to change his mind; everything gun control proponents consider evidence for their side, he considers evidence for his. The differences run deeper than evidence.

If there are ever to be gun laws passed in the US, any kind of policy response to the rising tide of mass shootings, it will be because the people who want it amass the political power to overwhelm the power of the gun lobby. It will be because they organize and deploy more intensity, money, and votes than their opponents. More mass shootings are not going to do the job for them.",1
5092,Division and tension at the DNC: The Democrats’ night of unity is marred by dissent,"But then WikiLeaks released thousands of DNC emails and, well, everything changed.

Sanders has lamented the DNC’s pro-Clinton bias for months, and now there’s indisputable evidence that he was right. The DNC seems to have violated its own charter by clandestinely backing Clinton over Sanders before any votes were cast. There was plenty of writing on the wall before this story broke, but the hacked emails are damning. So damning, in fact, that DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz was forced to resign hours before she was set to gavel in the convention.

To anyone on the fence about Clinton and the DNC, it won’t matter that Russia was behind the data-dump or that some of the emails were likely fabricated in order to maximize the damage – there’s enough truth in them to confirm the anti-establishment narratives.

Despite all the ambient noise, Sanders has done his part. He endorsed Clinton two weeks ago and on Sunday, just before the DNC convention began, he appeared on NBC’s “Meet the Press” and affirmed his commitment to electing Clinton: “I think right now what we have got to focus on as Democrats is defeating perhaps the worst Republican candidate that I have seen in my lifetime.”

But this is a tough sell for Sanders. The Left isn’t warming to Clinton, and many Bernie voters view obligatory endorsements as a contrivance. Nevertheless, assuaging the progressive base was the goal on Monday evening. And the bulk of that burden fell to Bernie Sanders.

Everyone understood what Sanders was there to do: look into the camera and tell his supporters to get behind Clinton. And he has a perfectly reasonable case to make. If you care about progressive values, this isn’t a difficult choice. It’s Trump or Clinton. One is an unhinged ethno-nationalist and the other is an experienced centrist Democrat – end of analysis.

But Sanders’ job became infinitely harder the minute those DNC emails were leaked. In addition to feigning enthusiasm for Clinton, a candidate he spent months condemning, he now had to address the shimmering elephant in the room. What would he say? How forceful would he be? How would his delegates respond?

I was on the floor. The tension was palpable. There were delegates decked out in pro-Bernie attire, and they made sure the room knew were they stood. Anytime Sanders was mentioned, they erupted: “Bernie! Bernie! Bernie!” It was sufficiently awkward that comedian Sarah Silverman was compelled to tell the Bernie or busters: “You’re being ridiculous.” Most of the room applauded; the Bernie contingent entrenched.

It was almost 11 p.m. when Sanders finally took the stage. He followed Elizabeth Warren, who did her duty admirably. But her speech was interrupted by pro-Bernie protesters yelling “We trusted you,” a reference to her betrayal. The crowd supplanted the noise with cheers, but the dissenters persisted. The tension escalated. And then Sanders appeared. This was a combustible environment. I was convinced the crowd would turn on Sanders the second he praised Clinton. When he stepped to the podium, however, the applause were deafening. For nearly two minutes, Sanders stood silently as the crowd roared. He was a rock star. And this was an opportunity for his supporters to acknowledge his contribution. Sanders began with an abbreviated version of his stump speech. He acknowledged that “many people here in this convention hall and around the country are disappointed about the final results of the nominating process.” He thanked his supporters and reminded them that the “revolution” he launched was not about a single election or candidate. He cited the familiar statistics about the 1 percent. He talked about inequality and Wall Street and political corruption. And then he got to the important part. “We need leadership in this country which will improve the lives of working families, the children, the elderly, the sick and the poor,” Sanders told the crowd. “We need leadership which brings our people together and makes us stronger – not leadership which insults Latinos, Muslims, women, African-Americans and veterans – and divides us up. By these measures, any objective observer will conclude that – based on her ideas and her leadership – Hillary Clinton must become the next president of the United States. The choice is not even close.” This was a full endorsement. It was precisely what Ted Cruz refused to do last week. Surprisingly, it was mostly well-received. They didn’t like the message, but Bernie’s supporters had the good sense not to boo their hero. The unrest survives, however. Make no mistake: the first day of the Democratic convention was defined by revolt. The left wing of the party will not go gently into that good night, and a small but vocal insurgency stole the show on Monday. What should have been a night of unity was instead an embarrassing display of animus. Perhaps the mood will shift in the coming days. For now, though, it’s clear the Democratic Party has a problem. It’s not nearly as big as some will suggest, and it’s likely too small to swing the election. But what happened in Philadelphia on Monday night was a reminder that the wounds from the primary have yet to heal, and maybe never will.",1
946,6 Takeaways: Democrats tangle at debate in New York,"New York (CNN) Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders tangled over her judgment and his grasp of policy in a tense and at times personal debate here Thursday, less than a week before the pivotal New York primary.

Held in prime time and on a weeknight -- unlike most Democratic debates -- the CNN-sponsored event was the highest-profile opportunity for both campaigns to make their final arguments before Tuesday's crucial vote in a state where both contenders have strong roots. Clinton is looking to New York to solidify her role as front-runner, while a strong showing -- or a victory -- for Sanders would deal a significant blow to her confidence and bolster his campaign's argument that the party's so-called super delegates should switch their allegiance to him.

Here are six takeaways from the most combative Democratic debate yet:

The Democratic candidates took sharp aim at one another almost immediately over a series of issues, including the Iraq War, Wall Street and questions about judgment and qualifications to be president.

Both contenders shifted back and forth between offense and defense, a sharp departure from the calmer tone of the party's earlier debates.

Sanders began by explaining a recent comment he made on the campaign trail in which he suggested Clinton was ""unqualified"" to be president.

""Does Secretary Clinton have the experience and intelligence to be president? Of course she does. But I do question her judgment,"" Sanders said, pointing to her Senate vote for war in Iraq, her willingness for her campaign to benefit from millions of dollars spent on her behalf by super PACs and her relationship to Wall Street.

""Senator Sanders did call me unqualified. I've been called a lot of things in my life. That was a first,"" Clinton responded, pointing to the fact that she was elected twice to the Senate and chosen as secretary of state.

Clinton then counter-attacked, citing an interview Sanders gave to the New York Daily News in which he struggled to provide specifics about his plans for breaking up banks and other issues.

""Talk about judgment and talk about the kinds of difficulty he had answering questions, including his core issues,"" Clinton said.

The sparring continued throughout the night, so much so that at one point, CNN debate moderator Wolf Blitzer moved to break up the fighters.

""If you're both screaming at each other, the viewers won't be able to hear either of you,"" Blitzer said after Clinton and Sanders spent several seconds talking over each other.

2. Clinton further than ever from a general election pivot

Just a month ago, Clinton appeared poised and eager to pivot to the general election and start building a case against a Republican nominee.

But Thursday's attacks on Sanders showed that her campaign realizes that she has to turn all of her attention to her left flank.

At previous debates, she seemed to spend as much time talking about Republicans as Sanders. Not in Brooklyn.

Clinton arrived at Thursday's debate with policy knives sharpened and ready. An hour before the contest, her campaign released a memo outlining the case she would make against Sanders and repeatedly released briefings throughout the night that both tried to defend her from attacks. At every turn possible, she criticized him on gun regulation, the release date of his tax returns, how he would break up big banks, provide Medicare for all and other issues.

Her campaign knows that next week's primary could be a major opportunity for her to stop Sanders' fast-growing momentum -- or else. With time running out before Democrats go the polls, Clinton's aggressive tactics suggest that she knows she needs to start making some of the blows against Sanders count.

3. 'Think big' or get things done?

A key difference in Clinton's and Sanders' approaches to governing was on full display during the debate over climate change.

Clinton is a politician who is content with incremental change, seeing it as the most realistic -- if not the only -- way to achieve her goals. The Vermont senator wants sweeping change, and believes the nation's problems are too big for singles and doubles. He wants to swing for the fences.

Their debate over climate change, in particular, highlighted their contrasting philosophies.

""Incremental steps are not enough,"" Sanders said after Clinton knocked him for faulting the recent international Paris agreement on climate change.

Clinton fired back, ""I don't take a back seat to your legislation that you have introduced that you have been unable to get passed.""

Once again, Clinton came under fire for keeping the content of her highly paid speeches to financial firms under wraps after she left the State Department.

Sanders has hammered her for refusing to release transcripts of remarks she made to companies like Goldman Sachs, gigs that have earned her millions.

""Why not just release the transcripts and put this whole issue to bed?"" CNN co-moderator Dana Bash asked Clinton.

Clinton tried to use the question to criticize Sanders over financial reform, but Bash continued to press the issue. Clinton said she only would release transcripts if Republicans did the same.

""There are certain expectations when you run for president. This is a new one. And I've said, if everybody agrees to do it -- because there are speeches for money on the other side. I know that,"" Clinton said, and again pivoted to Sanders by criticizing him for not yet releasing his tax returns.

Sanders responded that he planned to release a year of tax returns Friday and would unveil more soon, which turned the attention back on Clintons' unwillingness to release the transcripts.

The exchange highlighted Clinton's struggle with transparency--whether it's over her State Department emails or what she tells Wall Street behind closed doors.

5. One place where Sanders and Clinton agreed: Regrets

Clinton and Sanders both acknowledged that the aggressive measures they championed in the 1990s to fight crime have proven to have disproportionately negative affects on African American communities, a fact for which she apologized Thursday.

When asked if the move was a ""net positive"" in the fight against crime, Clinton defended the good intentions of the measure, saying ""it had some positive aspects to it,"" but conceded that as new information has come to light about the adverse affects of policy, so should approaches to problems.

""If we were to have the balance sheet on one side there are some positive actions and changes. On the other side there were decisions that were made that now we must revisit and we have to correct,"" she said, adding later: ""I'm sorry for the consequences that were unintended and that have had a very unfortunate impact on people's lives. I've seen the results of what has happened in families and in communities. That's why I chose to make my very first speech a year ago on this issue... because I want to focus the attention of our country and to make the changes we need to make.""

In a rare moment of agreement during an otherwise contentious night, Sanders also expressed regret for some of the outcomes of the bill.

""Much of what Secretary Clinton said was right. We had a crime bill. I voted for it. It had the Violence Against Women Act in it,"" he said. ""But where we are today is we have a broken criminal justice system. We have more people in jail than any other country on Earth. And in my view, what we have got to do is rethink the system from the bottom on up. And that means, for a start -- and we don't talk about this. The media doesn't talk about it -- you got 51 percent of African-American kids today who graduated high school who are unemployed or underemployed. You know what I think? Maybe we invest in jobs and education for those kids, not jails and incarceration.""

6. But no apology from Sanders on guns

The apologies largely stopped there, however, as Clinton took on Sanders over gun policy.

When Blitzer said that a parent of a victim of the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings had called on Sanders to apologize for opposing a measure that would allow victims of gun violence to sue firearms companies, he declined.

""I voted against this gun liability law because I was concerned that in rural areas all over this country, if a gun shop owner sells a weapon legally to somebody, and that person then goes out and kills somebody, I don't believe it is appropriate that that gun shop owner who just sold a legal weapon to be held accountable and be sued,"" Sanders said. ""But, what I do believe is when gun shop owners and others knowingly are selling weapons to people who should not have them -- somebody walks in. They want thousands of rounds of ammunition, or they want a whole lot of guns, yes, that gun shop owner or that gun manufacturer should be held liable.""

""So, Senator, do you owe the Sandy Hook families an apology?"" Blitzer asked.

""No, I don't think I owe them an apology. They are in court today, and actually they won a preliminary decision today. They have the right to sue, and I support them and anyone else who wants the right to sue.""",1
3486,Republicans push for a permanent aristocracy,"They’ve discovered, belatedly, that income inequality is a problem, and they’re no longer proposing to give tax breaks to the wealthiest 2 percent of Americans. Now they are proposing to give tax breaks to the wealthiest two-tenths of 1 percent of Americans.

On Tuesday afternoon, the House Rules Committee took up H.R. 1105, the “Death Tax Repeal Act of 2015,” with plans to bring it to a vote on the chamber floor Wednesday — Tax Day. It is an extraordinarily candid expression of the majority’s priorities: A tax cut costing the treasury $269 billion over a decade that would exclusively benefit individuals with wealth of more than $5.4 million and couples with wealth of more than $10.9 million.

That’s a tax break for only the 5,500 wealthiest households in the country each year, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation. Of those, the 318 wealthiest estates each year — those worth $50 million or more — would see an average windfall of $20 million each, according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.

And this at a time when the gap between rich and poor is already worse than it has been since the Great Depression? Never in the history of plutocracy has so much been given away to so few who need it so little.

This is the ultimate perversion of the tea party movement, which began as a populist revolt in 2009 but has since been hijacked by wealthy and corporate interests. The estate tax has been part of American law in some form since 1797, according to the advocacy group Americans for Tax Fairness, a shield against the sort of permanent aristocracy our founders fought to rid themselves of.

It had long been a conservative ideal, and the essence of the American Dream, to believe that everybody should have an equal shot at success. But in their current bid to end the estate tax, Republicans could create a permanent elite of trust-fund babies.

The estate tax was a meaningful check on a permanent aristocracy as recently as 2001, when there were taxes on the portion of estates above $675,000; even then there were plenty of ways for the rich to shelter money for their heirs. As the son of a schoolteacher and a cabinetmaker, I’d like to see the estate tax exemptions lowered — so that taxes encourage enterprise and entre­pre­neur­ship while keeping to a minimum the number of Americans born who will never have to work a day in their lives. The current exemption of $5.4 million (the current estate tax has an effective rate averaging under 17 percent, according to the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center) does little to prevent a permanent aristocracy from growing — and abolishing it entirely turns democracy into kleptocracy.

The kleptocrats offer all sorts of bogus justifications for giving away $269 billion to a few thousand of the wealthiest Americans.

House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), appearing late Tuesday before the Rules Committee, claimed that the estate tax is “absolutely devastating” to family farms, and he claimed the repeal would remove “an additional layer of taxation” from assets that had already been taxed.

Double taxation? Americans for Tax Fairness, citing Federal Reserve data, notes that 55 percent of the value of estates worth more than $100 million comprises unrealized capital gains that have never been taxed.

Hurting family farmers and small businesses? In the entire country, only 120 small businesses and farms (100 of them large farms) were hit by the estate tax in 2013. And for that tiny number affected, there are all sorts of provisions already in place to soften the blow: low valuation rules, delayed tax payments and other breaks and discounts.

GOP leaders such as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.) and House Speaker John Boehner (Ohio) have begun to recognize that the vast gap between rich and poor is detrimental — and to blame the problem on President Obama. Their solution, so far, has been to propose cuts of hundreds of billions of dollars from food stamps, Pell grants, Medicaid and other programs for those without means — and, on Tax Day, to give $269 billion to the few who already have the most.

“It sounds to me like there’s a lot of wealth envy in this country,” Rep. Virginia Foxx (R-N.C.) complained while serving as chairwoman of the Rules Committee debate Tuesday. The bill abolishing the estate tax, she said, “will draw a line in the sand.”

Yes, it will: between the wealthiest two-tenths of 1 percent — and everybody else.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
3371,"Classified emails from Clinton aides kick-started FBI probe, candidate downplays controversy","EXCLUSIVE: An email from a top Clinton adviser containing classified military intelligence information, and one from a top aide containing classified information about the Benghazi terror attack, were the documents that kick-started the FBI investigation into the mishandling of classified information, Fox News has learned.

The emails, among thousands on Hillary Clinton's personal server, were released to the Benghazi select committee in May and have been widely discussed but Fox News for the first time has identified which Clinton aides sent them and the subject matter.

The revelation came as the Democratic presidential candidate and former secretary of state tried to brush aside the burgeoning scandal, joking at a campaign event when asked by Fox News whether she had wiped her private server clean, ""What, like with a cloth or something? I don't know how it works digitally at all.""

Clinton last week handed the FBI her private server, which she used to send, receive and store emails during her four years as secretary of state.

Fox News has identified two of the Benghazi-related emails on the server that were deemed to contain classified information at the time they were sent.

The first was forwarded by Clinton adviser Huma Abedin and contained classified material from military intelligence sources. The 2011 email forwards a warning about how then-Ambassador Chris Stevens was ""considering departure from Benghazi"" amid deteriorating conditions in a nearby city. The email was mistakenly released by the State Department in full, and is now considered declassified.

The second was sent by Clinton aide Jake Sullivan and contained classified information as well as sensitive law enforcement information on Benghazi. The partly redacted November 2012 email detailed how Libyan police had arrested ""several people"" with potential connections to the terror attack.

Abedin and Sullivan now work for the Clinton presidential campaign. A spokeswoman for the intelligence community inspector general confirmed to Fox News that the information was classified at the time it was sent.

But Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon says the information was not classified at the time the emails were sent. In maintaining this position, the campaign pointed to the fact that the State Department shared this judgment, as the Abedin email was released in full by the State Department on its FOIA website. The campaign spokesman acknowledged there is disagreement with the intelligence community inspector general.

The emails are now just a fraction of those under review by the intelligence community. On Tuesday, while Clinton joked about her server's apparently missing contents, Fox News has learned the FBI is aggressively trying to recover the data.

An intelligence source familiar with the review told Fox News that FBI investigators are confident they may be able to recover some of the deleted files, a detail first reported by NBC News.

Yet at the contentious press conference on Tuesday, Clinton insisted anything she did with her email server was ""legally permitted.""

In the press conference following a Las Vegas town hall meeting Tuesday, Fox News' Ed Henry pressed the Democratic presidential candidate by pointing out that leadership is about taking responsibility.

""Look, Ed, I take responsibility,"" Clinton replied. ""In retrospect, this didn't turn out to be convenient at all and I regret that this has become such a cause celebre. But that does not change the facts. The facts are stubborn -- what I did was legally permitted.""

The FBI is holding Clinton's server in protective custody after the intelligence community's inspector general raised concerns recently that classified information had traversed the system.

Clinton told reporters she was ""very comfortable that this will eventually get resolved and the American people will have plenty of time to figure it out.""

When asked whether she oversaw the process to wipe the server clean, Clinton said, ""my personal emails are my personal business. Right? We went through a painstaking process and through 55,000 pages we thought could be worth relating,"" she continued. ""Under the law, that decision is made by the official. I was the official. I made those decisions.""

As she departed the room, a reporter asked whether the email scandal will ever end, Clinton turned to reporters shrugged and said, ""Nobody talks to me about it other than you guys.""

Fox News' Ed Henry and The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Catherine Herridge is an award-winning Chief Intelligence correspondent for FOX News Channel (FNC) based in Washington, D.C. She covers intelligence, the Justice Department and the Department of Homeland Security. Herridge joined FNC in 1996 as a London-based correspondent.",1
976,Cruz likely to block Trump on a second ballot at the GOP convention,"Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz is close to ensuring that Donald Trump cannot win the GOP nomination on a second ballot at the party’s July convention in Cleveland, scooping up scores of delegates who have pledged to vote for him instead of the front-runner if given the chance.

The push by Cruz means that it is more essential than ever for Trump to clinch the nomination by winning a majority of delegates to avoid a contested and drawn-out convention fight, which Trump seems almost certain to lose.

The GOP race now rests on two cliffhangers: Can Trump lock up the nomination before Cleveland? If not, can Cruz cobble together enough delegates to win a second convention vote if Trump fails in the first?

Trump’s path to amassing the 1,237 delegates he needs to win outright has only gotten narrower after losing to Cruz in Wisconsin and other recent contests, and it would require him to perform better in the remaining states than he has to this point.

In addition, based on the delegate selections made by states and territories, Cruz is poised to pick up at least 130 more votes on a second ballot, according to a Washington Post analysis. That tally surpasses 170 delegates under less conservative assumptions — a number that could make it impossible for Trump to emerge victorious.

That is why the race centers on the fevered hunt for delegates across the country. The intensity of the fight has sparked another round of caustic rhetoric — including allegations from party leaders that Trump supporters are making death threats.

“It’s unfortunate politics has reached a new low. These type of threats have no place in politics,” said Kyle Babcock, a Republican delegate from Indiana’s 3rd Congressional District. He received an email from a Trump supporter who warned, “Think before you take a step down the wrong path.”

[The art of the steal: Dealmaker Trump struggles with the GOP delegate race]

Cruz’s chances rest on exploiting a wrinkle in the GOP rule book: that delegates assigned to vote for Trump at the convention do not actually have to be Trump supporters. Cruz is particularly focused on getting loyalists elected to delegate positions even in states that the senator from Texas lost.

On Wednesday in Indiana, for example, Republican leaders were finalizing a delegate slate that will include party activists unlikely to vote for Trump in the state’s primary next month. Cruz also is poised to sweep Wyoming’s 26 delegates this weekend in a state where Trump’s campaign did not seriously compete. In Arkansas, Cruz supporters are exploring ways to topple Trump when delegates are chosen next month. And Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) has refused to release 171 delegates he won when he was in the race, signaling that he may contribute to the anti-Trump push in Cleveland.

Cruz said this week that he thinks the odds of a contested convention are “very high.”

“In Cleveland, I believe we will have an enormous advantage,” he told radio talk-show host Glenn Beck.

Trump has a commanding lead in total delegates and the overall vote total, but he has complained that Republican leaders are conspiring against him in a bid to silence his supporters.

“The RNC should be ashamed of itself for allowing this to happen,” Trump said Tuesday night while campaigning in Rome, N.Y.

Paul Manafort, a senior adviser to Trump, said in an interview that he is confident Cruz will never have a chance to convert Trump delegates.

“Just because [Cruz] has won some delegates in a state where we have the delegates voting for us is not relevant until and unless there’s a second ballot,” Manafort said. “There’s not going to be a second ballot.”

[Trump team vows to win delegate majority as rivals prepare for open convention]

As the battle for delegates has intensified, so too have emotions. Craig Dunn, who was elected Saturday as a Republican delegate from Indiana’s 4th Congressional District, said he has received several threatening phone calls and emails after criticizing Trump in recent news reports.

“When they reference burials and your family in the same email, and telling you that you’re being watched, that’s concerning,” he said.

In Colorado, Republicans are planning a rally Friday to call attention to threats made against GOP chairman Steve House. He said his office received 3,000 phone calls “with many being the trashiest you can imagine” after a state party convention last weekend awarded all 34 delegates to Cruz.

“Shame on the people who think somehow that it is right to threaten me and my family over not liking the outcome of an election,” he wrote on Facebook.

Cruz told Beck on Tuesday that threats made by Trump supporters, including those made by the businessman’s longtime confidant Roger Stone, are “the tactic of union thugs. That is violence. It is oppressive.”

Stone recently told an interviewer that Trump supporters would track down delegates at their hotel rooms in Cleveland if they break away from Trump.

Manafort said that “it’s certainly not part of our policy” to threaten violence but accused “abusive” Cruz supporters of confronting Trump’s backers at party meetings nationwide.

When the presidential nomination vote is held at the convention, 95 percent of the delegates will be bound to the results in their states for the first vote, giving Trump his best shot at securing a majority.

But if Trump falls short, the convention will cast a second ballot in which more than 1,800 delegates from 31 states — nearly 60 percent of the total — will be unbound and allowed to vote however they want. By the third round, 80 percent of the delegates would be free, sparking a potential free-for-all that could continue for several more rounds.

That is the crux of the state-by-state battle that is playing out over the next two months as Republicans gather at the precinct, county, congressional district and statewide levels to choose convention delegates.

“If we go into a contested convention, we’re going to have a ton of delegates, Donald is going to have a ton of delegates, and it’s going to be a battle in Cleveland to see who can earn a majority of the delegates that were elected by the people,” Cruz told a meeting of the Republican Jewish Coalition in Las Vegas on Saturday.

He predicted that the first ballot “will be the highest vote total Donald Trump receives. And on a subsequent ballot, we’re going to win the nomination.”

[With an Orthodox focus, Ted Cruz reaches out to Jewish donors and voters]

If Cruz prevails, it will be because of what supporters are doing for him nationwide with what they say is little direct input from his campaign headquarters.

In Arkansas, Republicans will not meet until next month to finalize their delegate slate, but state lawmakers who probably will win a position are talking about voting for Cruz on the second ballot.

“For the vast majority of Cruz voters, Rubio was their second choice, and for the vast majority of Rubio supporters, Cruz was their second choice. So when you’re going to pick delegates, it just makes sense that we would work together,” said state Sen. Bart Hester, who backed Rubio.

In Iowa, Cruz won 11 of the 12 delegates assigned last weekend — meaning that he probably will have their support in later rounds of balloting. That same day in South Carolina, Cruz secured three of the six delegate slots assigned by two congressional districts that Trump had easily won.

“There’s nothing underhanded going on,” said Elliott Kelley, one of the Cruz supporters who won in South Carolina’s 3rd Congressional District. “Delegates are being appointed from the local level. The Trump team just doesn’t have people involved at the local level and they’re not getting delegates.”

Cruz supporters also won two of the three delegate slots from Virginia’s southernmost congressional district even though Trump won there handily. One of those Cruz supporters is Kyle Kilgore, 22, who said he would vote for Trump on the first ballot as required.

“I would have a hard time voting for Trump on the second ballot,” he said.

In Indiana, Dunn will be required to initially vote for whoever wins his congressional district in May. If Trump fails in the first round, Dunn said he probably will vote for Ohio Gov. John Kasich on a second ballot.

“I’ll be looking for the candidate who I think has the best chance of beating Hillary Clinton in November,” Dunn said. “And if the person I want doesn’t get it, I won’t take my marbles and go home; I will support the nominee of the Republican Party.”

Alice Crites, Jose A. DelReal, Sean Sullivan and Katie Zezima contributed to this report.",1
4752,5 takeaways from the debate that didn’t matter,"The first and only vice-presidential debate of 2016 was less a game-changer than a channel-changer, a snippy and probably inconsequential 90 minutes marginally won by Mike Pence – a confident, slightly smarmy debater very much in the mold of those calculating Washington, D.C., politicians who are destroying America.

Tim Kaine, Hillary Clinton’s more voluble running mate, didn’t flop but he was visibly less comfortable than the square-jawed Pence, frequently interrupting the Indiana governor, jamming his pre-programmed attacks on Donald Trump into every answer with admirable, tedious efficiency.

Their performances almost perfectly reflected the priorities of each candidate: Kaine was a hyper-briefed Trump-thumping machine, barking the GOP nominee’s name, as if it were a slur, some 160 times – more than twice the number of times Pence mentioned Clinton’s, according a POLITICO tally.

Pence, on the other hand, seemed less concerned with out-and-out defending his running mate than rope-a-doping away from uncomfortable questions: His standard response was to pucker his face and mock Kaine as “ridiculous” for pelting him with facts, statistics and actual Trump quotes.

And if Kaine (who doesn’t have an especially close personal relationship with Clinton) warmly referred to “Hillary” as if the two were the best of friends, Pence maintained a wary rhetorical distance from Trump. He behaved less like an affectionate pal than a guy getting paid to do a job, a pet employee reassuring disgruntled co-workers that their unpopular boss was actually a great guy, really, if only you guys got to know him.

In the end you got the sense that Pence did as much (maybe more) to burnish his own brand than Trump’s – and even if he’s widely deemed the winner, what lasting good will it do for his undisciplined, self-defeating nominee? Here are five takeaways.

1. Hillary Clinton is lucky she’s facing Trump instead of Pence. Even after having his leonine head handed to him at the first presidential debate last week, there’s no decisive evidence that Trump is taking prep for Sunday’s second round in St. Louis any more seriously than he took prep for the first. The same cannot be said for Pence, a true professional, who huddled with Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker for a week, and produced a focused performance, parrying every attack with a sharp assault on the unholy trinity of Clinton sins: emails, the foundation and her foreign policy failings as secretary of state.

Pence was as un-goad-able as Trump was easily gulled. When an aggressive Kaine demanded he defend his running mate’s comments on everything from declaring Mexican immigrants “rapists” to Trump’s suggestion that the U.S. encourage other countries to develop nukes, Pence mocked him. “Did you work on that one a long time? Because that had a lot of creative lines in it.”

In the real world outside the Farmville, Va. debate hall, Pence has contradicted or contrasted himself from Trump on any number of issues – most notably his flat refusal to entertain the false assertion that President Obama isn’t a native-born citizen. But inside he did a far better job of making Trump’s case than the candidate has made on his own behalf.

During his Hofstra meltdown Trump was so occupied defending himself against the self-assured Clinton he forgot his most effective attacks, including a much-anticipated hit on the fundraising practices of the Clinton Foundation. Pence was a cooler customer who calmly went through his head-hunting to-do list.

“While she was secretary of state, the Clinton foundation accepted tens of millions of dollars from foreign governments, and foreign donors,"" he said – precisely the kind of targeted attack Trump needs to make in order to recover from his disastrous first debate.

Alec Baldwin studied Trump for weeks to pull off his uncanny impersonation on last week’s Saturday Night Live. Trump would be well served to study the YouTube of Pence’s performance for pointers.

2. Tim Kaine wasn’t trying to win the debate – he was trying to bash Trump. The Virginia senator has a reputation for being a nice guy, but he was given a hit man’s job on Tuesday. And the target was Trump, not Pence, whom the Clinton campaign regards as a political bit player who will vanish into obscurity after the election.

Hence, Kaine’s task was a slightly awkward one: to aim over Pence and hit Trump. It didn’t really work, and not for lack of trying.

His best moment, arguably, came when he produced a laundry list of awful things Trump has said about women, Mexicans and a disabled reporter; Pence juked and refused to answer – which allowed Kaine to declare: “He's refused to defend his running mate. . .and yet, he's asking everybody to vote for somebody that he cannot defend,"" he said in one of the debate’s few memorable exchanges.

But he came off as a bit nervous, like a frustrated school kid trying to disgorge a memorized speech if only his rowdy classmates would allow him to deliver it. At times, he seemed peevish. Pence actually interrupted Kaine a lot, but his interjections were punchy (often an aspirated “no!” intended to deprive the former Virginia governor a clean sound bite) while Kaine’s frequent attempts to be heard were of the whiny it’s-my-turn-to-talk variety which had many viewers (and a focus group convened by GOP pollster Frank Luntz) judging Kaine to be rude.

3. Snatching discord from the jaws of victory? Clinton and her brain trust, according to several Democrats I spoke to, were satisfied (if not elated) by Kaine’s performance. Whether Trump appreciated Pence’s defenses, well that’s less clear. Moments after the candidates left the stage, John Harwood of CNBC and The New York Times quoted a Trump adviser saying that the GOP nominee, who was watching the debate from a hotel in Vegas, was less than satisfied with his running mate.

“Pence won overall, but he didn’t win with Trump,” the adviser told Harwood.

4. Pence dodged almost every tough question. How do you defend a running mate much of America deems as indefensible? You don’t!

Trump’s chorus of validators fanned out this week to declare him a “genius” for “using” the tax code to avoid paying taxes – but the real genius may have been Pence who figured out the best way to answer the thorniest questions about Trump was to respond with an attack on Kaine, or the moderator Elaine Quijano. Sure, he answered a handful, but a tiptoe through the transcript reveals what amounts to a master class in rhetorical deflection.

When it came to the New York Times story on Trump’s 1995 New York State tax return – which showed the estate and casino magnate claiming a nearly $1 billion loss, Pence shrugged his shoulders and repeated the campaign’s talking-point with televangelistical conviction. “Donald Trump is a businessman -- he actually built a business,” Pence intoned. “Like everybody, he faced some pretty tough times 20 years ago.”

Pence slipped the hook during the most consequential exchange of the night – a tag team onslaught by Kaine and Quijano pressing for Pence to call for Trump to release his tax returns.

Quijano, to her credit, repeatedly asked Pence why it was okay for Trump to withhold his filings when the Indiana governor had dutifully released the 10 most recent years of his income statements; Pence was fumbling for an answer when Kaine, who seemed more focused on venting outrage than pinning his quarry, interrupted her to make a forgettable point.

5. Quijano was a weak moderator. Tuesday marked the first time a digital division reporter moderated a major debate, and Quijano – a well-regarded former CNN anchor who now works for CBSN – showed her inexperience. She allowed both candidates to repeatedly interrupt each other, at times seeming to whisper her questions and demands for decorum.

Elaine Quijano, one and done.",1
274,Pleading for Paul Ryan,Top Dems want White House to call off Part B demo — The next cancer drug shortage,1
3847,Long Odds Ahead for Obama on His Troubled Trade Agenda,"The White House and Republican leaders in Congress face long odds in trying to revive trade legislation after a telling defeat engineered by President Barack Obama's fellow Democrats.

Obama's ambitious trade agenda is in serious doubt, as is his quest for a capstone second-term achievement.

Without the power to negotiate trade deals that Congress can approve or reject, but not amend, Obama has little chance of securing the Pacific Rim pact that his administration has worked toward for years.

Friday's rebuff highlighted the strained relations between Obama and congressional Democrats, who voted down a worker assistance program crucial to the negotiating authority measure just hours after the president implored them not to.

Obama and House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, had worked in rare tandem on this issue, yet their inability to deliver raises the question of whether much else will get done with Republicans running Congress and Obama in the White House for the next 18 months.

""This isn't over yet,"" Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., a main supporter of the trade legislation. ""I'm hopeful that the Democrats understand the consequences and get together with the president and finish this as soon as possible.""

House GOP leaders took steps that would allow another vote on the worker retraining program in coming days, but that would require at least 90 votes to shift.

Republicans sounded pessimistic that they could add many more votes for a program that most on their side deride as wasteful and unnecessary.

House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California and her labor-backed allies are determined to oppose the Trade Adjustment Assistance program as a way to collapse the entire package. So it seems unlikely that enough Democratic votes would emerge to save the program, even though the party has promoted it for years.

""Some of my Democratic colleagues are in danger of self-immolation"" on the workers' program and ""I think that's sad,"" said Rep. Kurt Schrader, D-Ore., one of the few Democrats who backed Obama on Friday's votes.

Another possible route is to send revised legislation back to the Senate. But senators approved the larger package only narrowly last month after intense battles, and the White House desperately wants to avoid giving opponents there another chance to strangle the legislation.

White House press secretary Josh Earnest dismissed Friday's outcome as an ""entanglement"" and ""procedural snafu.""

But it was more than a ""snafu"" that caused Pelosi and the majority of House Democrats to revolt against their president.

The White House, congressional Republicans and business groups argued that the special negotiating power is a necessary tool for trade deals opening up crucial markets to American goods.

Union-backed House Democrats never bought the argument. They felt burned by promises from past administrations about trade deals they blame for job and manufacturing losses in their districts.

Trade bills have always had a tough road in Congress. After election losses in recent years the House Democratic caucus is smaller and more liberal, attuned to economic issues in the wake of the financial sector meltdown and recession.

Against that backdrop Obama was not able to bring enough House Democrats his way. Pelosi, from trade-dependent San Francisco, announced on the House floor at the last moment that she would be siding with the majority of her caucus and against her president.

""We want a better deal for America's workers,"" she said.",1
1183,Plouffe to Clinton: Stop micromanaging,"A couple of days before Hillary Clinton won the South Carolina primary by nearly 50 points, David Plouffe eased back in his chair at an anonymous Capitol Hill hotel and declared that the woman he helped defeat in 2008 had, oh, a 98 percent chance of beating Bernie Sanders.

He felt pretty, pretty confident about her odds against Donald Trump, too (predicting she could win by “an unheard of margin, nationally, of 6 to 10 points”). But Barack Obama’s puckish, intensely competitive former campaign manager, arguably the most successful Democratic strategist of his generation, offered a who-the-hell-really-knows shrug when asked to offer a similarly precise estimate of Clinton’s odds of beating Trump.

“I don’t think we know yet, and I think all of us should have learned by now not to get out over ourselves with Trump,” Plouffe told me during an episode of POLITICO’s “Off Message” podcast, in which he offered far-ranging opinions on Clinton’s self-defeating tendency to doubt her own staff, Trump’s role as an Uber-like disrupter and Bill Clinton’s not-quite-Obama-level status in the presidential pantheon.

“My sense, though is this: that he could completely implode,” Plouffe said of his favorite topic — Trump — tacking on a massive caveat: “So you say, well, how could someone, you know, really ferociously and viciously attack the last former Republican president and get into a worldwide verbal tango with the pope and come out OK? Well, he did. … The Trump thing is a living, breathing, growing organism. There are no rules for how you deal with it.”

Plouffe, the archetypal no-drama Obama adviser credited with implementing Obama’s delegate-hoarding strategy eight years ago, has been informally advising Clinton and her staff as needed. Last year, POLITICO reported that he had quietly met with the soon-to-be-candidate at her Washington mansion, tracing her steps, state-by-state, and offering counsel on how to avoid the rending internal dissension that helped scuttle her race against Obama.

Plouffe, several people in Clinton’s Brooklyn headquarters told me, speaks regularly with campaign manager Robby Mook, despite a demanding executive post at Uber that demands he travel almost constantly. Mook was checking in with Plouffe daily — sometimes multiple times a day — during Clinton’s narrow and bitterly won victory in the Iowa caucuses, they told me. Part of the problem he has identified is the sheer number of people the Clintons talk to on any given day, and the unerring certainty that each had in the quality of their own advice compared with what Mook and his team offered.

And here is where the 48-year-old Delaware political marketing whiz — who was trying to be as tactful as possible in his public dispensing of criticism — described what he believes to be the biggest danger to Clinton as she grinds through the primary headlong into a bellowing, full-steam Trump.

“I think you build your team, and you stick by your team, and you run,” said Plouffe. “It's got to be very hard for the Clintons. They’ve been on the scene for decades. So any time things go wrong, they have dozens of people, you know, in their email box, and probably calling, saying, ‘Told you so. You’ve got to do this. You’ve got to do this.’ ... You’re going to have your valleys, and that’s always a test. And if the thing you do is sow internal tension and allow voices from the outside to really, I think, affect the campaign in a negative way, you may not win.”

Early on, it seemed as though the Clintons were headed to the same dark place they inhabited for much of 2008. Both were in a sour, question-everything mood in the days after her microscopic victory in Iowa, when it was clear Sanders was about to deliver a humbling and decisive win in New Hampshire. There was talk of accelerating a re-evaluation of staff that had been expected after Super Tuesday, or after she secured the nomination. (Some in Clinton’s orbit even floated the nonstarter idea that Plouffe abandon his lucrative Uber gig and jump aboard the campaign.)

Despite the finger-pointing, Clinton decided to stay the course and was rewarded with game-changing victories in Nevada and South Carolina — and Plouffe hopes she doesn’t get itchy-scratchy when things go south, as they inevitably will, in a general election fight. “I think what you do need to figure out whether it’s one voice,” Plouffe said of the campaign’s overall strategy — and please do away with Clinton’s propensity to summon the clans for 10-to-20-person conference calls anytime things go wrong, he urged.

“There has to be — you know, there’s the big call, and the big meeting, and then there’s the real meeting and the real call,” he added. “You can’t make decisions with 10 people. It’s impossible. So you’ve got to figure out, and, you know, the question is, who is she talking to? And listen, they’ve got enormous [talent]: Joel Benenson [pollster and strategist], Mandy [Grunwald, Clinton ad-maker and all-around adviser], [adman] Jim Margolis, Jen Palmieri [communications director]. ... These are super-smart people. So I don’t think it’s necessarily, you know, is there a missing person from the outside … you’ve got to commit to something.”

The test, he says, will come during the general election, when some old Clinton hand panics and demands that either Hillary or Bill scuttle Mook’s strategy to address some crisis, real or imagined. “There will be moments when there’s some bad, bull---- public poll that comes out that shows them tied in Pennsylvania, and, with all due respect, Ed Rendell will call, and say, ‘You've got to [abandon] Virginia and come here for three days.’”

At this point, Plouffe is almost certain Trump will be Clinton’s opponent: He says it’s already “too late” for Republicans to consolidate behind Marco Rubio or Ted Cruz, even assuming one or the other would drop out in a fit of suicidal altruism. From here on out, Trump basically needs to not implode. “Remarkably, this is completely in his control. If he can land the plane, he wins,” Plouffe says.

While he professes to be alarmed by the developer-turned-reality-star in his capacity as an “American citizen,” he gets a little giddy (not a natural Plouffian state of being) at the process of reverse-engineering The Donald’s Teflon candidacy. “If you end up with a Trump-Clinton matchup, that will be one for the ages” — and one he’s pretty sure, though not entirely convinced, she’d win in a walk.

“I think that’s a likely possibility: that Hillary Clinton could beat Donald Trump by an unheard of margin, nationally, of 6 to 10 points,” he says. “But if that’s not the case and he’s competitive, where he’ll be competitive is in the Upper Midwest, in the Ohios, the Wisconsins, maybe Pennsylvanias of the world — maybe Iowa and Minnesota even, potentially.”

Plouffe is quick to say, “From an Electoral College standpoint, I don’t see a Trump path,” but he’s equally quick to say the greatest threat posed by Trump is his unpredictability. Plouffe is a guy who likes to make a plan and stick with it, and Trump makes that a near impossibility. “Trump is a wild card, and you just don’t know,” he adds.

The greatest danger is that the public continues to give Trump license to change his positions any time he likes, with minimal recrimination, and that will allow him to take popular stances outside the narrow confines of GOP orthodoxy. Plouffe thinks he’ll show openness to taxing the rich, nod toward the reality of climate change, even recognize some federal government role in providing health care to the poor.

The idea of deconstructing Trump appeals to Plouffe, but the aspect of his old job he misses most is playing around with the numbers. He thinks Clinton’s greatest advantage is a sophisticated data-gathering operation capable of targeting voters, one by one, in swing states, undermining Trump’s scattershot populist messaging.

Plouffe comes by his numeracy naturally. His father, a Massachusetts native, was a physics major who joined the Army and rose to the rank of captain, where he worked in intelligence, and Plouffe earnestly says that he can’t talk about what his dad did before retiring and taking a job with DuPont.

The son inherited the father’s love for math — he fondly recalls solving calculus “puzzles” as a kid — and like many political pros he grew up a baseball box-score fanatic and, later, a devotee of Sabermetrics. But he was also a passionate fan and, like many kids in Delaware, followed the Phillies as a young boy and idolized their Hall of Fame third-baseman, Mike Schmidt. As any one who has ever worked with (or against) him knows, Plouffe is also very, very competitive. As a pre-teen, he merged all of his passions into an obsession with a 1970s-era board game, “All-Star Baseball,” that combined probability, cards with the names of his favorite players and the thrill of pure chance — in short, all the elements of modern politics.

Yet for Plouffe, politics is ultimately about loyalty, in his case an abiding loyalty to Obama that’s apparent even as he dives enthusiastically into a role as public Clinton booster and private unpaid adviser.

His old competitive instincts toward Clinton have been mostly, but not entirely suppressed. He speaks glowingly of her toughness and smarts. But when I ask Plouffe if he regrets playing hardball with Bill and Hillary Clinton in South Carolina, he grins. “Not one bit,” he says. “Not one bit.”

When Plouffe compiles his list of “consequential presidents” over the past century (the purpose is to place Obama near the top) he ticks them off, one by one. “Well, clearly Franklin Roosevelt. ... Maybe you throw in the combined Kennedy-Johnson years … and then Barack Obama, I think, on that level — and Reagan, of course.”

“Bill Clinton was a very good president,” he replies, “very good.”",1
3876,Obama's leadership tank is out of gas: President shrinks as our challenges grow,"If ever America needed a president who could speak to and for all the people, this would be such a moment. If only we had such a president.

It has been obvious for some time that the president’s leadership tank is out of gas. Now, in the extra-troubled seventh year of a failed presidency, he’s given up on America. Apparently, we the people have disappointed him one too many times.

Wherever you look, whatever the topic, the Founders’ spirit of American exceptionalism is sputtering. Our national catechism, that tomorrow definitely will be better than today, is suffering a serious bout of the yips.

It has been obvious for some time that the president’s leadership tank is out of gas. Now, in the extra-troubled seventh year of a failed presidency, he’s given up on America. Apparently, we the people have disappointed him one too many times.

Times like these are why we have a president. Times like these are why Barack Obama became president.

Despite his foolish boast that his ascendancy would mark the moment when “the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planet began to heal,” Obama genuinely inspired enough hope in enough people to earn the job.

But those gauzy days of swelling crowds and swooning students now appear to be a passing derangement. Even reasonable optimism has been shattered like so many storefront windows in Baltimore, Ferguson and other hope-forsaken places.

More troubling and more dangerous, the man who promised to redeem us is not just failing to rise to the occasion. He is shrinking as the challenges grow.

To continue reading Michael Goodwin's column in the New York Post, click here.

Michael Goodwin is a Fox News contributor and New York Post columnist.",1
1359,Marco Rubio is running scared,"Marco Rubio is in an enviable position among mainstream Republican presidential candidates after his strong finish in Iowa. Yet the man is running scared.

The young Floridian is stumping through New Hampshire as if he’s campaigning to win the Cautious Caucus. He gives the same speech everywhere. The most tightly managed candidate in the race, he shuns risk and appears to live in mortal terror of mentioning the man who dominates the race.

At a town hall event here in central New Hampshire on Wednesday morning, Rubio, as usual, didn’t mention Donald Trump in his speech. But the first questioner, a businesswoman, practically begged the candidate to trash Trump, asking him to comment on Trump’s “very definite views” of the disabled, including calling people “stupid” and attempting to remove disabled veterans from one of his properties.

Rubio demurred, saying only that he had already called out “Donald” for his “distasteful” mocking of a disabled reporter at an event. He then dropped the Trump talk and moved on.

Rival Chris Christie mocked Rubio on Tuesday as “the boy in the bubble” managed by his “handlers.” This criticism apparently smoked Rubio out, because he took a few questions from reporters before his event in Laconia, N.H., on Wednesday afternoon.

The first questioner noted that Rubio had poked other candidates, “but not Mr. Trump. Why?”

“Donald hasn’t really outlined any position on policies,” Rubio reasoned. “So when the time comes and it’s appropriate, we’ll do so.”

“Why do you deliver the same speech wherever you go?” the second questioner asked.

“’Cause it’s my message,” he said. “It’s the reason I’m running for president.”

Rubio’s determination not to be taken off of this bland message, or to engage Trump, may give the impression that he is above the fray. But it also can make him look weak and callow.

While other candidates, particularly Jeb Bush, have denounced Trump’s outrages, Rubio and allied groups have spent upward of $30 million on ads so far — some of it targeting Bush, Christie and Ted Cruz, but none of it targeting Trump. Rubio has mentioned Trump a couple of times on Twitter. In debates, he has frequently deflects questions about the mogul.

After the December debate, in which Rubio declined a chance to take on Trump’s proposed ban on Muslims entering the country, Fox News asked Rubio why he hadn’t gone after Trump. Rubio said he wasn’t “going to spend a valuable 75 seconds on a debate stage talking about something that’s never going to happen.”

Likewise, asked to comment on Trump’s qualifications as a conservative, Rubio said that the billionaire is “running as someone who’s a populist who’s upset about the direction of this country, as am I, as are millions of Americans.”

On other occasions, Rubio declined to talk about Trump’s mosque-closing ideas (“well, I think we need to target radicalism”) and Trump’s plan for mass deportation of illegal immigrants (both sides “have points to make here that are valid”).

Asked back in September whether he would engage Trump, Rubio replied: “No, I’m ready to talk about who I am and why I’m running.”

It’s not as if Trump returns the politeness. Ann Coulter, warming up a Trump crowd Tuesday night, called Rubio a “Cuban boy” who “wears high heels” and has “big ears.” (Ever-cautious Rubio, ridiculed last month for wearing “booties” with thick heels, quickly retired the offending footwear.)

Rubio’s strong Iowa finish has brought new attention — and overcapacity crowds — in New Hampshire. But the would-be supporters are greeted by a robot.

The closest Rubio gets to Trump in his stump speech is observing, as he did here in Bow, that “you have a right to be angry, but anger is not a plan. What exactly do you want to do?” Or, as he put it in Laconia a few hours later: “Anger is not a plan. Frustration is not a plan. You have a right to be frustrated. You have a right to be angry. . . . But what exactly are you going to do about it?”

Voters’ questions, rather than spurring spontaneity, inspire more caution. Asked Wednesday what he’d do about the millions of illegal immigrants who otherwise haven’t broken any law, Rubio said, “We’ll figure something out.”

The logic behind Rubio’s candidacy, recited in his speeches, is that, as he put it in Bow: “I give us the best chance to win, and if you don’t believe me, ask a Democrat. They do not want to run against me.” Or, as he said in Laconia: “If I’m our nominee, we will win, and the Democrats know this. They do not want to run against me.”

If he keeps playing the boy in the bubble, they may reconsider.

Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.",1
1731,Meet the Trump Truthers: Media figures insist bigoted Trump questioner was just a liberal plant,"The Summer of Trump officially closes with its silliest episode yet: the spectacle of Trump Truthers, an assortment of Trump-friendly media figures who insist that the man who said President Obama is a Muslim and “not an American,” and that Muslims must be gotten “rid of,” at a New Hampshire rally, was some kind of opposition plant, not an actual Trump supporter.

First out the gate was Ann Coulter early Friday morning. “I say he’s a liberal plant,” she tweeted. Brian Kilmeade of “Fox & Friends” echoed Coulter, insisting the anti-Muslim questioner “sounds like a plant, to be honest.” Fox’s Kimberly Guilfoyle and Eric Bolling continued peddling that theory all day. Laura Ingraham agreed, tweeting that the man “sure sounded like a put-up–cartoon presentation, bad acting.”

Media Matters ran down the list of right-wingers trying to bail out Trump, who was uncharacteristically media-shy after the controversy erupted, even canceling a scheduled public appearance on Friday (allegedly to close a business deal.)

But it wasn’t just official right-wingers: Bloomberg’s Mark Halperin peddled the notion on Saturday:

He doubled down on his questions – it’s only OK to use the cliché “doubling down” when talking about Halperin – in a long Twitter debate with journalists who challenged him, insisting the guy “sounded like the Travolta mumble in the dance scene in ‘Pulp Fiction.’”

It’s one thing for paid right-wing propagandists to suggest Trump’s questioner wasn’t an actual supporter. It’s another for an allegedly serious journalist to push the claim, with zero proof. (To be fair, my friend Chris Hayes raised the question on his show Thursday night, immediately after the Trump rally, but it was more in the vein of telling viewers the “theatrical” questioner hadn’t been found, so no one could decisively say whether he was an actual Trump supporter.)

But it shouldn’t be hard to believe a Trump supporter holds those views. Trump personally took the birther nonsense from the fringe of politics to center stage in 2011, and he revived the claim in 2012 even as he was endorsing Mitt Romney. Trump has also suggested Obama was Muslim, telling Fox’s Bill O’Reilly in 2011 that it’s possible Obama “doesn’t have a birth certificate. He may have one, but there’s something on that, maybe religion, maybe it says he is a Muslim.” Besides: the man’s claim that Obama is a Muslim, and also “not American,” puts him squarely in the mainstream of the Republican Party. A recent Public Policy Polling survey found that only 29 percent of Republicans believe Obama was born here, and more than half say he’s Muslim. Those numbers climb among Trump supporters: two thirds say he’s a Muslim, and 6 in 10 believe he wasn’t born in the U.S. I don’t know why is so hard for anyone to believe that a man at a Trump rally would ask that kind of question. To his credit, Trump is denying claims that the questioner was a plant. “I don’t think he was a plant,” he said Monday. “I knew that question was going to be a controversial one. I have no obligation, moral or otherwise, to defend the president.” Then he brazenly blamed the entire birther issue on Hillary Clinton’s 2008 campaign. “What I’ve said is nothing compared to Hillary,” claimed the man who so dogged the president with birther BS he released his long-form birth certificate at a public event. Let me concede: It’s possible the man at the Trump rally was a plant. So far, nobody has found him to interview him, at least not yet. But I don’t know who’d bother to plant him. What would they have to gain? The kind of people who’d be upset that Trump failed to rebuke the anti-Muslim birther aren’t likely to support Trump in the first place; most actual Trump supporters agreed with the guy’s premise.",1
710,"Trump’s a walking time bomb: Don’t be fooled by his “victory,” he can implode his own campaign at any moment","Donald Trump clinched the Republican nomination Thursday when a ragtag group of unbound delegates announced they were going to support him. All the networks ran with breaking news and trained their cameras on an empty podium for hours waiting for Trump to appear before the press and bak in his glory. It was a magical moment. True, everyone had known for weeks now that Trump was going to be the nominee since all of his rivals have dropped out of the race but why let that stand in the way of an opportunity to obsess over his every incoherent insult and rant? As they waited, the big topic of conversation among the TV chatterers was an interview by Howard Fineman with Trump’s campaign chairman and chief strategist Paul Manafort. And it was admittedly a doozy.

When I wrote about Manafort earlier I concentrated on his long history of working with slash and burn political consultants and foreign tyrants. He is uniquely qualified to head up Trump’s operation. But it’s been a while since he’s been involved in American politics and it was unclear if he had lost his touch.  The interview with Fineman raises more questions about that than it answers.

Fineman quotes Manafort saying that he thinks this election will be a cakewalk:

That’s the kind of confidence one would expect of a Trump adviser.  But it’s a little bit weird considering he also says “you don’t change Donald Trump. You don’t ‘manage’ him.” That sounds like a contradiction in terms — if they can’t “manage” Trump then it’s hard to see how this race isn’t going to be a challenge since the man is a walking time bomb.

Manafort made some policy news by saying that Trump was likely going to “soften” his policy on banning Muslims explaining that this was just a negotiating stance.  The truth is that Trump himself has said that before.  But at this point, he has been on so many sides of every issue nobody can keep track so it means something when his chief strategist validates one of them.

It’s also the case that if there’s one issue which the GOP establishment particularly wants Trump to back away from it’s the Muslim ban.  There are good reasons for this, of course. It’s UnAmerican for one thing although that would not normally bother Republican officials. More likely it’s that they actually recognize that Trump’s idiotic, unworkable proposal is so inflammatory that it’s going to get people killed.  Unfortunately, once they are back home campaigning they’re going to hear from their Trump-loving constituents that this is one of their favorite policies. If these officials have any integrity, which is unlikely, they will try to educate their voters about how dangerous it is but I wouldn’t hold my breath.

According to Manafort, Trump’s other big crowd pleaser, “the wall”, will be built come what may and he will not “soften” his stance on immigration.  He was spinning like a top — or he really is out of touch —  because he told Fineman that it’s only in places like New York and California where the American Latinos are all radicals who care about such things. In Ohio and Florida they’ll be happy to vote for Trump.

That is delusional. According to recent national polling by Latino decisions, he has an 87% unfavorable rating.  In Florida, he does better than he does nationally. Only 84% of Latinos view him unfavorably. In Nevada, a state which he dishonestly claims voted for him in huge numbers in the primary and uses a proof of his tremendous appeal among Latinos, he also has an 87% unfavorable rating. Manafort thinks they will be able to turn that round by talking to them about jobs, national security, terrorism and education because their concerns are the same as white families. Of course white families aren’t concerned about having their friends and relatives rounded up and dumped in the Sonoran desert which Trump has indicated he thinks is a terrific idea. Latinos are certainly concerned about terrorism. But they may define it just a little bit differently than Trump does.

Manafort said that Trump was unlikely to choose a woman or a racial or ethnic minority for VP because that would be “pandering.” That would be very wrong, needless to say. Unlike Trump tweeting out a picture of himself eating a “taco bowl” from the Trump Tower grill on Cinco de Mayo saying he “loves Hispanics”. But then the job of Vice President is going to be very, very important in a Trump administration according to Manafort, so they aren’t going to take any chances: He needs an experienced person to do the part of the job he doesn’t want to do. He seems himself more as the chairman of the board, than even the CEO, let alone the COO.” I guess nobody’s told Trump that you don’t get to write the job description yourself. I’m pretty sure the job of president is to be the one who makes all the big decisions. It’s not the person who just calls Fox and Friends, negotiates the trade deals and bombs the shit out of ISIS. You don’t get to pick what presidential duties you “want to do” and delegate the rest to your peons. Sure, some presidents like Reagan and George W. Bush were less hands-on than others but they didn’t redefine the presidency as a Chairman of the board who picks and chooses the duties he spends his time on. In the end, it probably doesn’t matter what Manafort says anyway. The campaign is all over the place, with infighting and jockeying for position among the various players. This week Rick Wiley, the highly experienced political operative Manafort brought on board just six weeks ago was let go in a power struggle with a Florida campaign staffer, and friend of Manafort rival campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. According to Politico: For weeks, Wiley made appointments and had discussions with Florida Republicans and appeared to be building a new campaign from scratch, sources say. They say he refused, at times, to return Giorno’s calls or take them. Giorno then began calling other Trump campaign officials to ask them whether Wiley had it out for her or for everyone. On Thursday, word leaked back to Trump. He phoned Giorno, concerned, sources said. “Tell me what’s wrong?” Trump asked her, according to one person familiar with the call. “Karen unloaded on Wiley,” the source said. “Mr. Trump is loyal. He believed her. … Rick picked a fight with the wrong person.” At that point, Trump ordered Wiley to stay away from Giorno and to neither call nor email her. “Donald is loyal. And she’s loyal,” a source said. Donald Trump is running his presidential campaign like a junior high school cheerleading squad. And this is the man who claims his business savvy is what qualifies him for the presidency. Paul Manafort assured Fineman, however, that we could all rest easy about Trump being ready for the big job: “Does he know enough? Yes, because he knows he has more to learn. And he is constantly doing that.” Trump doesn’t read briefing papers, but he is a magnet for information, Manafort said. “He reads the newspapers, and he talks on the phone and to office visitors in a never-ending stream. You’re sitting there in his office and you realize that he is constantly picking up stuff as he goes.” “We have all this survey research, but he does his own soundings all the time, all day every day. And he’s more accurate,” Manafort said. He watches all the shows and obsessively reads his Twitter feed too. It should be obvious by this time that Trump has absolutely no idea what he’s doing and is making it up as he goes along. Paul Manafort is experienced at dealing with this sort of character, and seems quite comfortable doing it. But the campaign is a mess and that’s because the candidate is a vainglorious buffoon who has no clue what he’s doing and thinks he’s a genius. I wouldn’t bet on Manafort lasting through the duration.",1
4974,"Eric Trump: Dad's Campaign To Focus On, Fix Inner-City Education","Donald Trump's son, Eric, said his father's presidential administration will ""focus on"" and ""fix"" the struggles of education in inner cities, capping a week of campaigning for the minority vote that has dogged the Republican nominee in the polls.

""You have a lot of people from inner cities, especially minorities, who aren't getting higher-level education,"" Eric Trump told host John Catsimatidis on his radio program ""The Cats Roundtable"" on Sunday. ""The schools around them are totally failing them. There's 60 percent unemployment in some of these communities.""

""We're not giving the youth the opportunities that they so rightfully deserve. My father's going to focus on that, and he's going to change that, and he's going to fix it because it's just not right.

Trump's calls for votes from minorities this week started with his law-and-order speech Tuesday night in Milwaukee, continuing with his mea culpa speech Thursday in North Carolina  and finished with a trip to the flooded areas of Louisiana on Friday.

The campaign's focus coincided with the addition of pollster Kellyanne Conway as manager this week. There have been reports of Trump polling at 0 percent of the black vote in swing states.",1
4191,Trump spurs some conservative leaders to step back from the GOP,"Donald Trump’s looming nomination has spurred some leaders of the conservative movement — for generations, the backbone of the GOP — to break free from a Republican Party now being rapidly reshaped by the New York billionaire’s incendiary tone and unorthodox populism.

The extraordinary resistance of many figures on the right this past week to Trump has not been prompted merely by objections to his temperament and fears about his electability in November. At the core has been a calculation by self-identified “movement conservatives” that they would rather preserve their entrenched ideological project than promote a nominee who they believe would violate their creed and ethos.

[Video: The 10 Republicans who hate Donald Trump the most ]

“It’s a crisis,” said Al Cardenas, a former chairman of the American Conservative Union who is withholding support for Trump. “If we do away with the fundamental strength of the conservative movement, which is our ideas and values and principles, then you don’t have anything left but politics. A movement can survive the loss of an election cycle, but it can’t survive the loss of its purpose, and that’s what we’re battling here.”

The moment potentially marks the closure of a historic half-century in Republican politics in which conservatives have accrued dominant influence — on Capitol Hill, in gubernatorial mansions, at think tanks, on talk radio and in the grass roots. Since Barry Goldwater’s unsuccessful but edifying 1964 presidential run, the conservative movement has been at the crux of Republican campaigns, from Ronald Reagan’s 1980 sweep to the 1994 revolution to the tea party’s rise in 2010.

Yet, by taking a stand they see as a stroke of moral clarity, conservative leaders are at risk of separating their coalition from a Republican Party in which voters coast to coast have effectively shifted the center of gravity by choosing Trump as their standard bearer. In the primaries, Trump defeated a string of classically conservative candidates by peeling away many of the movement’s core supporters: evangelical and working-class white voters.

There is talk in various quarters about a potential independent challenge to Trump and likely Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, though there is no consensus candidate, and a third-party bid would be exceedingly difficult for anyone to mount at this late stage.

Freshman Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) is a vocal proponent, but he is not offering himself as a candidate. Bill Kristol, editor of the Weekly Standard, is involved in discussions to draft an independent conservative and huddled last week with Mitt Romney, though the former Massachusetts governor repeatedly has ruled out another White House bid.

Erick Erickson, a prominent conservative commentator, is among those urging a third-party candidate.

“One of the silver linings that can come from this is that the conservative movement as an entity pulls back away from the Republican Party,” Erickson said. “During the Bush administration, it became a subsidiary of the Republican Party. This gives us a good opportunity as conservatives to stand on our own two feet.”

The conservative resistance was expressed most prominently last week by House Speaker Paul D. Ryan, the country’s top-ranking elected Republican, who announced that he could not support Trump until the business mogul demonstrated his conservative bona fides and offered a more inclusive vision. Trump snapped back with a retort that neatly underscored his belief that movement conservatives should no longer dictate the GOP mission and platform: “I am not ready to support Speaker Ryan’s agenda.”

“If there’s an ideological leader of our party right now, it’s Paul Ryan,” said former senator Judd Gregg (R-N.H.). “He’s not part of the shouting crowd; he’s part of the doing crowd. But the party’s voters have gone with the shouting crowd. It’s reflective of the failure of the doer crowd to get things done.”

[Ryan says he is ‘not ready’ to back Trump, deepening GOP divide]

Indeed, Trump and Ryan are miles apart. Ryan is the architect of sweeping proposed changes to Medicare and Social Security; Trump has pledged not to touch either. Ryan supports a muscular foreign policy; Trump is proudly non-interventionist. Ryan champions free trade; Trump is an avowed opponent. Ryan defends religious freedom; Trump wants to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country. Ryan advocates bipartisan immigration reform and opposes mass deportation; Trump wants to build a wall at the Mexican border and deport the roughly 11 million immigrants who are living in the United States illegally.

Ryan and his conservative allies in elected offices nationwide still have a firm grip on the party’s governing playbook and institutions. But Trump has forced a heated debate over Republican identity and whether it is synonymous with conservatism — a threat to the authority of movement conservatives.

“The Ryan agenda isn’t just about Paul Ryan, but it’s what conservatives have agreed on as the best way forward — and Trump is deviating from that in so many ways,” said Lanhee Chen, a fellow at Stanford University’s Hoover Institution who served as Romney’s policy director during his 2012 presidential bid.

“The big question really is, to what extent is the Trump phenomenon an aberration in policy versus some more fundamental shift?” Chen asked. “I tend to think of it as an aberration.”

Republican National Chairman Reince Priebus has sought to broker an accord between Trump and Ryan with a planned meeting Thursday in Washington, but Trump’s public comments suggest that changes by him are unlikely. Trump has said he would meet with Ryan, “before we go our separate ways.”

[Trump agrees to meet with Paul Ryan ‘before we go our separate ways’]

Some conservative movement figures have warmed to Trump, expressing confidence that he would surround himself with advisers of their ilk — such as Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), who has become a trusted confidant of the candidate’s — and that, if Trump is elected, Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) would serve as checks on his power.

“The deals he’s going to cut will have in the room Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan, and the three of them have to agree. I sleep well at night,” said Grover Norquist, president and founder of Americans for Tax Reform, who for decades has convened conservative leaders and activists.

A group of House Republicans, including several top leadership supporters, have wondered whether Ryan and other conservative leaders have fully recognized what they see as a striking shift in the electorate. A pair of committee chairmen — Reps. Bill Shuster (Pa.) and Jeff Miller (Fla.) — endorsed Trump shortly before he became the presumptive nominee.

“It’s not the time to be out there demanding all of these things, trying to get Trump to suddenly become Reagan,” said William J. Bennett, a Ryan mentor and prominent conservative commentator. “Now is the time to surround him with good people and work with him at the convention.”

Norquist, who attended and praised Trump’s foreign-policy address last month, said he sees limits to Trump’s long-term influence on conservatism.

“You’re not picking a direction for the modern Republican Party or the conservative movement with one presidential candidate,” he said. “There isn’t some Trump wing of the party. What is Trumpism? You don’t see senators and governors running under Trumpism. There’s just Trump.”

[Trump’s apostasies put him at odds with decades of Republican beliefs]

Especially anxious about Trump’s success are conservatives who prioritize social issues and fear he would weaken the party’s moral tilt. Though Trump says he is against abortion and same-sex marriage, the New Yorker rarely talks about those issues — and until only a few years ago, he held opposite positions.

“I haven’t heard him frame things in moral terms,” Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) said. “I don’t hear him speak about the Constitution. It’s hard to believe he has any sort of deep conviction on life and marriage. I don’t see him being guided by constitutional principles. He doesn’t speak about them, ever. That’s what’s troubling everyone. He’s not even speaking in the same language, politically, that we speak.”

King, who had supported Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.) and has no plans to endorse Trump, said he and other conservative leaders would “keep watch” at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland to protect the party’s platform from being revamped.

“We run the risk of the underpinnings of our convictions being disregarded,” King said.

Numerous Republicans fret that this divide could lead to certain electoral defeat for the party, up and down the ticket. Those like Gregg — a fiscal conservative who backed former Florida governor Jeb Bush and then Ohio Gov. John Kasich in the primaries and said he is in the “listening” phase of considering Trump — see hope for a coming together by finding areas of consensus.

“At the center of Republican philosophy is market economy and fiscal responsibility, and Trump is very much in tune,” Gregg said. “I expect in the end that’s what will draw people into a unified effort.”",1
2034,Is it 2016 already?,"Jan. 1, 2016, is 859 days away. But, judging from the headlines about the 2016 presidential race blaring across news Web sites and cable channels this August, you might think it were next month.

Hillary Rodham Clinton (along with her husband and daughter) is trying to raise $250 million for the family’s philanthropic foundation prior to 2016, in hopes of avoiding bad optics if she runs for president. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) spent last weekend in Iowa and was in New Hampshire on Friday. Vice President Biden’s political team is making clear that he is thinking seriously about the next presidential contest, and he’ll be in Iowa next month to show just how serious he is.

All of the early machinations by Republicans and Democrats who want to be the next president — even though President Obama won reelection just 292 days ago — have spawned a cottage industry of people wondering whether this is the earliest start ever for a presidential race and whether that’s a good or a bad thing. (Almost everyone, The Fix most definitely excluded, says it’s a bad thing.)

While the 2016 race may have started earlier than most, American presidential politics have been governed for some time by what we like to call The Fix’s Iceberg Theory. Here’s the theory in a sentence: Like an iceberg, the bulk of a presidential race happens underwater, or, out of sight of the average person.

Now, for the longer explanation.

Most regular people — even those living in states such as Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina that play an outsize role in picking presidents — are paying absolutely no attention to what the people who might run in three years’ time for the nation’s highest office are doing right now.

That lack of interest tends to drive a narrative that what happens now simply does not matter for the 2016 race. That’s wrong. Simply because the average voter isn’t aware of what’s happening in presidential politics at the moment doesn’t mean it doesn’t matter.

The truth of presidential races is that the dominant story line for each of the potential candidates is built out of sight of the average voter, crafted years in advance of the political iceberg popping above the surface for everyone to see.

It was during the 2006 midterm elections that buzz started to build around Barack Obama, the freshman senator who was drawing massive crowds everywhere he went to stump or raise money for Democratic candidates.

It was during his 1998 Texas gubernatorial reelection campaign that George W. Bush built and honed the “compassionate conservative” message that he rode to the Republican nomination and the presidency in 2000.

On the other side of the equation, it was in 2006 that then-Sen. Evan Bayh (D-Ind.) was cast as a vanilla centrist, a characterization that played a major part in his decision not to run for president in 2008. Biden battled the perception that he was not serious enough to be the nominee throughout the 2008 race, an impression drawn from years of blunt/impolitic comments.

Fast-forward to the present day. Is Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.) a conservative who can broaden the Republican Party’s reach to crucial Hispanic voters or a moderate in conservative’s clothing, as evidenced by his key involvement in the Senate immigration bill? Is New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) a blunt-talking problem solver or a bullying blowhard? Is Sen. Rand Paul (Ky.) a danger to the GOP or its savior? Is Clinton the inevitable nominee or the same flawed politician that Obama exposed during the 2008 Democratic primaries?

All of these questions will be answered — or come close to being answered — before a single vote is cast — and, in many cases, before the average person even begins to think about the 2016 presidential race.

And it’s not just narratives that get formed years in advance of actual votes. Building a national fundraising operation that can collect tens — if not hundreds — of millions of dollars takes massive amounts of time. Constructing a political team that has the right combination of experience and fresh-eyed insight can be the work of a political lifetime. Courting key activists in Iowa or New Hampshire or South Carolina or Nevada is an arduous process in which time spent can make all the difference.

Ignoring the iceberg nature of the presidential race then can have huge negative consequences. In 2008, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee (R) became the momentum candidate after winning the Iowa caucuses. But because he and his team either didn’t understand or ignored the iceberg theory, he was unable to build on that momentum in New Hampshire, where he finished a distant third. After a runner-up showing in South Carolina, Huckabee’s chances at the nomination vanished.

Smart candidates — and their campaigns — understand that the bulk of the work that goes into winning the presidential nomination happens well out of sight of a single voter. Momentum still matters — a lot — but without a structure to take advantage of that momentum, it can peter out as quickly as it comes. And if the primary fight drags out — a la the 2008 Democratic primaries or the 2012 Republican fight — what a candidate and his/her campaign team did years before when no voters were watching can be the difference between winning and losing.

If you remember one thing about the presidential race then, remember this: What’s going on below the surface can — and almost always does — make or break the candidates.",1
2602,Boehner: Israel trip planned before Netanyahu-Obama rift,"The Ohio Republican will travel to Israel this week, while Congress is on recess. He said his plans were made before the rift between Netanyahu and President Barack Obama over how to deal with Iran and Palestine burst into the open.

""There are serious issues and activities going on in the Middle East and I think it's critically important for members of Congress to hear from foreign leaders, other governments, other parts of their government, to get a real handle on the challenges that we face there,"" Boehner told CNN's Dana Bash on ""State of the Union"" Sunday.

Republicans are using the congressional recess to visit Israel. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, was there Sunday, and met with Netanyahu.

Boehner said Netanyahu -- who's been lambasted by Obama for his comments in the lead-up to Israel's election that a two-state solution to Israel and Palestine's divide is impossible -- didn't cross any lines. ""Well, he doesn't have a partner,"" Boehner said. ""How do you have a two-state solution when you don't have a partner in that solution, when you don't have a partner for peace, when you've got a -- when the other state is vowing to wipe you off the face of the earth?"" And he promised to move ""very"" quickly toward imposing steep new sanctions on Iran if Obama doesn't strike a deal with the country to avert its nuclear ambitions -- a deal that Netanyahu opposed during a high-profile speech to Congress during an early-March trip to Washington. Boehner also defended Netanyahu from criticism from Obama and the White House that has mounted over the last month. ""I think the animosity exhibited by our administration toward the prime minister of Israel is reprehensible,"" Boehner said. ""And I think that the pressure that they've put on him over the last four or five years have frankly pushed him to the point where he had to speak up."" ""I don't blame him at all for speaking up,"" he said.",1
392,Why These Democrats Flipped To Defeat Wall Street Deregulation,"WASHINGTON -- Anyone who wants to understand the current state of the Democratic Party should pay close attention to what happened this week in the House of Representatives, where Democrats cut down a GOP-backed Wall Street deregulation bill. In response, the bill's supporters avoided talking about who the legislation would have helped (hint: two big banks), focusing instead on calling its victorious opponents a bunch of flip-floppers.

""The atmosphere is a little bit different,"" Himes said. ""I think there were 35 Democrats who voted yes. On similar legislation in the last Congress, that number was more like 75 or so. So yes, there were some folks who looked at the same thing this Congress and thought that they felt differently about it.""

Actually, 95 Democrats supported a very similar bill as recently as September. Both bills were 11-point packages chipping away at the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law. The most serious attack of the bunch came in the form of a partial two-year delay of the Volcker Rule, which would ban banks from speculating in securities markets with taxpayer money. The bill would have allowed Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase to hold onto almost $50 billion in risky corporate debt packages known as collateralized loan obligations through 2019. Since that perk wasn't included in the September version of the bill, the alleged flip-floppers can make a case that this time around, things just went too far.

But that doesn't seem to be what's really going on among today's Democrats. For one thing, Democrats approved a previous two-year delay of the same Volcker Rule provision last spring, pushing it to 2017, and dozens of House Democrats spent much of 2013 and 2014 lining up to support bill after bill that dealt blows to the party's second-biggest policy achievement of the Obama era.

This infuriated financial reform advocates. In isolation, many of these bills would have meant only minor trouble for Dodd-Frank. Others, however, were quite serious, and collectively, they functioned as a repeal strategy that may ultimately prove more effective than the GOP's straightforward assault on Obamacare. They never became law because then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) didn't bring them up in the Senate, but with Republicans now in control of the Senate, that firewall is gone.

The Democratic domestic policy agenda is remarkably uniform across the caucus, with one major exception. Nearly every House Democrat supports same-sex marriage, stronger environmental protections and increasing the minimum wage. But on bank reform, the party remains divided. Things have been shifting lately, however, and the 44 Democrats who switched their votes between September and January show which way the wind is blowing. They're listed at the bottom of this article. As for the other supporters of the September bill, 12 aren't in Congress anymore -- a politically significant point in its own right -- and four didn't vote.

There's nothing inherently terrible about flip-flopping. Historically, it's a pretty important part of the legislative process, on everything from the Democratic Party's embrace of the civil rights movement in the 1960s to the passage of the Wall Street bailout in 2008. Even Himes, mourning his defeat on C-SPAN, noted that a lot of people who thought unfettered finance was a good idea in the late 1990s recanted after the banking crash.

Elections, in particular, have a way of changing politicians' opinions, and November was horrible for Democrats in almost every possible way. Economic policy factors stuck with a lot of liberals. Ballot initiatives to increase the minimum wage passed all over the country in districts blue and red, even as Democrats took a beating everywhere. Exit poll data showed that the economy remained the most important issue to voters (as it has in every election since 2008), and shepherded in Republicans, even though a robust majority didn't think the GOP had a plan to make things better.

The public is still angry about the bank bailouts. And even with the economy showing signs of improvement, voting for more Wall Street financial aid is an easy way to convince many constituents that you aren't playing for their team.

All of that came to a head in the December vote on a major government funding bill. When top negotiators from both parties included a provision subsidizing risky derivatives trading in the package, many Democrats who had been quietly going along with the piecemeal dismantling of Dodd-Frank began trying to take down the spending bill over the bank perk. They came pretty close, and the final events of the vote -- President Barack Obama and JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon personally lobbying lawmakers for support -- only added fuel to the bank reformers' fire.

They appear to be picking up converts, as demonstrated by the 44 Democrats who came out against the Volcker Rule delay Wednesday. Several of those 44 were frequent Wall Street supporters in the last Congress -- House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-Md.) and Reps. Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.). Greg Meeks (D-N.Y.) and Carolyn Maloney (D-N.Y.) stand out as interesting changes.

Of course, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) whipped Democrats hard on Wednesday to oppose the Volcker Rule delay, and issued a statement after the vote blasting the bill as a GOP rip-off of the American people. Pelosi is obviously a powerful person in the caucus, and when Republicans bring the same Volcker Rule bill up again next week under rules that will guarantee its passage, she'll have less leverage, and some of the financial reform converts may revert to backing big banks.",1
2870,California Airport Security Tightened Amid ISIS Fears,"CNN said the investigation started after intercepted communication and other intelligence information that led officials to believe that a plot could be under way.

The network quoted an official as saying the plot focused on parts of California and that officials there had stepped up security.

The Transportation Security Administration had also alerted local law enforcement agencies responsible for security around airports in the state although the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation, CNN said.

It added that some U.S. cities had increased their security, but gave no further details.

No one at the FBI was immediately available to comment. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson also declined to comment on the reported threat to Los Angeles airport. 

 

 Los Angeles was already using two-man police patrols, but the continued ISIS call for sympathizers to attack Western interests means upgraded measures at Los Angeles International Airport.

 

 And while investigators say there is no specific plot to mention, intelligence from overseas and monitoring of suspected militants in the United States point to an increased threat. FBI Director Jim Comey has said in recent weeks that there are investigations going on in all 50 states into alleged ISIS sympathizers.

 

 Sources, speaking on a condition of anonymity to NBC, said fears revolve around uniformed personnel, such as police officers, or locations where ""lone wolf"" terrorists could target.

 

 ""Over the last few months, we have made a number of security adjustments, including enhanced screening at select overseas airports and increasing random searches of passengers and carry-on luggage on flights inbound to the U.S., reflecting an evolving threat picture,"" a Department of Homeland Security spokesman said. 

 

 He would not comment on the specific intelligence that increased concerns on the West Coast, but officials there have boosted security in recent months.

 

 More airport police have been placed on duty at Los Angeles International Airport, reports The Orange County Register, in response to the threats. 

 

 ""There are no specific threats to LAX,"" insisted Los Angeles World Airports, the airport oversight and operations department for the City of Los Angeles, in a press release. ""We are constantly adjusting our deployment strategies, and as a precaution, have increased the visibility of airport police.""

 

 The increased security also comes as counterterrorism experts worry that ISIS is growing in popularity in locations far away from Syria and Iraq, reports NBC. Moreover,  violence continues to spread.

 

 In March, ISIS laid claim to an attack to the Bardo Museum in Tunisia, with the violence escalating elsewhere since then.

 

 Saudi Arabia claimed ISIS was planning car bombings in Riyadh after evidence was found on the cellphone of a man suspected of killing two police officers at a checkpoint.

 

 On Monday, ISIS released a video showing the executions of Ethiopian Christians in two separate places in Libya. ISIS also claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing in Afghanistan that killed 34 people and wounded more than 100.

 

 In the United States, officials have been arresting people who want to travel to the ISIS caliphate in Syria and Iraq. In the past year alone, 39 U.S. citizens have been arrested for charges of offering to help ISIS, with eight Americans arrested just in the last week.

 

 Fordham Center Director Karen Greenberg said the appeal behind joining forces is the same for all potential ISIS recruits.

 

 ""It's religion, but it's broader than just the religion itself. It's wanting to share in a culture in which that religion is central,"" Greenberg said. ""That is a place for them to go that will provide a religious homeland for them, and that they will be able to serve it in a number of capacities.""

 

",1
1414,"Exclusive: New Jeb Bush Super PAC ad uses Paris, San Bernardino images","Right to Rise USA, the pro-Jeb Bush super PAC will be airing a new TV ad in early voting states and the battleground state of Ohio that uses images from the Paris & San Bernardino attacks to depict President Obama as a weak president on terrorism and the former two-term Florida governor as a “tested and proven leader who won’t try to contain ISIS.”

It is the first campaign ad to utilize the images of both Paris and San Bernardino.

“A horrific terror attack in Paris then a brutal act of terror here at home.” The 30 second ad starts off as it flashes images from both locations.

“It is time for tested and proven leader who won’t try to contain ISIS,” the announcer continues as Obama flashes on the screen.

Bush has been increasing his focus on national security and anti-terrorism positions and has been severely critical of the president’s position on threats from ISIS and other terrorist organizations.

""The threat of global terrorism is the threat for our country. And every day that the caliphate exists is another day that they win and they can recruit terrorists, “ Bush said to Special Report anchor Bret Baier on Thursday night.

That TV ad is starting Tuesday 12/8 in NH, IA, SC, NV, OH and on cable.",1
758,Can Hillary flip the script in Oregon and Kentucky?,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
888,Cruz and Kasich form an alliance: Is that fair? (+video),"It’s one thing for campaign strategists to dream up a divide-states-and-conquer plan on a conference call. It’s quite another for actual voters to agree.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Republican presidential hopeful Sen. Ted Cruz gets ice cream with his daughters Caroline, right, and Catherine during a campaign stop at Zaharakos Ice Cream Parlor in Columbus, Ind., Monday. In an effort to deny Donald Trump the nomination, Ohio Gov. John Kasich promised not to campaign in Indiana, in exchange for Senator Cruz ceding New Mexico and Oregon.

Ted Cruz and John Kasich have struck a non-aggression pact in an attempt to block Donald Trump from winning the GOP presidential nomination. Is that a fair way to play politics?

The answer to that question depends heavily on what one thinks about the role parties and their organizations should play in today’s American democracy.

First, the details: On Sunday night the Cruz/Kasich alliance announced a trade of spheres of influence. Ohio Governor Kasich won’t campaign in Indiana, leaving the Hoosier State to Cruz forces. In return, Texas Senator Cruz will pull out of New Mexico and Oregon, giving Kasich a clear path in those states.

The point of this is to try and force Mr. Trump into artificial one-on-one contests in important places. Polls predict The Donald would do worse under such circumstances, since Cruz and Kasich are splitting the anti-Trump vote. In Indiana, for instance, Trump has a lead of about six percentage points over Cruz, 39 to 33. Kasich is third at 19 percent.

Reallocate the Kasich votes, and you’ve got a new ballgame. And Indiana is key – it’s a modified winner-take-all state and it’s got 57 delegates. Deny Trump that prize, and his pathway to a majority of 1,237 delegates gets much narrower.

“A Cruz victory in Indiana would be enough to make Mr. Trump an underdog in the fight for 1,237,” writes poll guru Nate Cohn of The Upshot at The New York Times.

Whether the plan would actually work remains an issue. It’s one thing for strategists to dream this up on a conference call. It’s quite another for actual voters to agree and change their behavior as a result. Kasich and Cruz are pretty different candidates. The former is the let’s-all-hug guy who’s emphasizing his insider credentials. The latter is a combative conservative who’s said insiders are destroying the GOP. Are the backers of one going to switch to the other in the name of stopping a third guy? That’s debatable. They might just stay home.

Then there’s the issue of fairness. The pact’s target, for one, insists it’s a ruse. He denounced it with his typical restraint.

Kidding! Trump hit it so hard he brought back nicknames.

“Lyin’ Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!” Trump tweeted on Monday.

But you don’t have to be Trump to see the Cruz/Kasich pact as a bit unseemly. It’s a case of the second and third place competitors conspiring to use the rules to try and pull down the person in front.

That leader is in front by a pretty fair margin, by the way – and it is Republican primary voters who put him there. If you see the nomination process as something that the voters should directly control, you might judge this wrong, or misdirected at the least.

But here’s the thing: The nomination process is not the same as the general election. The organizations that set the process up – the two big parties that govern America – have a vested interest in selecting nominees they think best for the party as a whole. They’re private clubs, and they get to fiddle with the rules, move the goalposts, and otherwise mix all the metaphors they want. That’s why many primaries are closed to all but party members – independents and opposing party adherents need not apply.

“Of course, candidates whom the party likes have advantages in winning party nominations. It isn’t unfair to Trump that the other candidates are trying to do the best they can under the well-established rules,” writes political scientist Jonathan Bernstein today in his Bloomberg View column.",1
4480,Glenn Reynolds: Don't be a sucker for socialism,"From the USSR to Venezuela, experience reveals Sanders' policies wouldn't enrich anyone but a ruling elite.

It is a common misconception that socialism is about helping poor people. Actually, what socialism does is create poor people, and keep them poor. And that’s not by accident.

Under capitalism, rich people become powerful. But under socialism, powerful people become rich. When you look at a socialist country like Venezuela, you find that the rulers are fabulously wealthy even as the ordinary citizenry deals with empty supermarket shelves and electricity rationing.

The daughter of Venezuela’s socialist ruler, Hugo Chavez, is the richest individual in Venezuela, worth billions of dollars, according to the Miami-based Diario Las América. In Cuba, Fidel Castro reportedly has lived — pretty much literally — like a king, even as his subjects dwelt in poverty. In the old Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, as Hedrick Smith reported in his The Russians, the Communist Party big shots had lavish country houses and apartments in town stocked with hand-polished fresh fruit, even as the common people stood in line for hours at state-run stores in the hopes of getting staples.

There’s always a lot of talk about free health care, but it’s generally substandard for the masses and fancy for the elite. (The average Cuban or Venezuelan peasant — or Soviet-era Russian — doesn’t get the kind of health care that people at the top get.)

In the old Soviet Union, the new communist nobility, whose positions and influence seemed to run in families somehow, were called the Nomenklatura (from the Latin word for a list of names). Despite all the talk about equality, etc., they generally did a lot better than people who didn’t have the right connections. Dissident Milovan Djilas referred to these managers and apparatchiks (another Soviet-era word) as the “New Class.” Where socialist equality was supposed to eliminate the distinction between exploited workers and peasants and their capitalist exploiters, it instead produced a new distinction, between exploited workers and peasants and their “New Class” socialist oppressors.

Well, this is old news: George Orwell explained the phenomenon in his Animal Farm many decades ago. But people keep falling for it: Like Ponzi schemes, socialism is an evergreen form of fraud, egged on by suckers eager to believe the lies hucksters tell them.

Which brings me to Bernie Sanders. The Washington Post recently ran a piece originally entitled ""Bernie Sanders’ plans have surprisingly small benefits for America’s poorest people."" Among other things, it noted that “in general, though, Sanders’ health care plan would benefit affluent households more than it would poorer ones.”

Likewise, a paper from the left-leaning Brookings Institution notes that the biggest beneficiaries of Bernie’s free-college proposal would be rich kids: ""Families from the top half of the income distribution would receive 24% more in dollar value from eliminating tuition than students from the lower half of the income distribution.”

Well, America isn’t socialist — though, these days, we’re not really capitalist, either, if by capitalist you mean a free-market economy without much government direction — but we do have our own New Class. And those people tend to be Bernie supporters.

America’s New Class isn’t the super rich (they tend to donate to Hillary Clinton); it's the upper-middle-class employees of non-profits, universities and government agencies. They benefit twice from the kinds of programs that Bernie supports: Often, they’re employed to administer them, or receive funds for providing services (think college administrators who, unsurprisingly, heavily support Bernie and Hillary), and then they also receive the benefits because their kids are more likely to go to college than, say, a Kroger cashier’s. (And if we ever wind up with government-run health care, ask yourself who’ll get the hip replacement first — a woman who works as a cashier at Kroger or a senior bureaucrat in the Department of Health and Human Services.)

Higher up the political scale, of course, the powerful really do become rich: Bill and Hillary Clinton are likely worth about $45 million, paid a lot for boring speeches given to people who are really just buying influence. But at least in America, becoming powerful isn’t the only way to become rich. Under socialism, you’re either powerful, or you’re poor.

But poverty isn’t a byproduct of socialism: It’s a requirement, as illustrated by Cato Institute analyst Juan Carlos Hidalgo's report concerning Venezuela:

As the Rainmakers sang, back in the 1980s, “They’ll turn us all into beggars 'cause they’re easier to please.” That’s socialism in a nutshell. The “equality” talk? That’s just for the suckers. Don’t be a sucker.

Glenn Harlan Reynolds, a University of Tennessee law professor and the author of The New School: How the Information Age Will Save American Education from Itself, is a member of USA TODAY's Board of Contributors.

In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors. To read more columns, go to the Opinion front page and follow us on Twitter @USATOpinion.",1
1041,Why the death of GOP 'loyalty pledge' matters,"Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, and John Kasich have all backed away from a pledge to support the Republican presidential nominee. The reasons go deeper than mere personal pique, to the soul of the party.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump waves as he walks onstage before speaking at a campaign event at St. Norbert College in De Pere, Wis., on Wednesday, March 30.

When Donald Trump signed a “loyalty pledge” with great fanfare last September promising to support the eventual Republican presidential nominee, few took him seriously.

Because no one tells Mr. Trump what to do. He even said so at the time.

Now Trump has formally rescinded his pledge, and the remaining GOP competitors – Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich – have come close, refusing to say whether they would honor their own loyalty pledges at a CNN town hall Tuesday night.

In a way, the death of the pledge is merely symbolic. It’s already been clear for some time that the Grand Old Party is coming apart at the seams, with a presidential front-runner who barely adheres to Republican philosophy and yet commands a big, loyal following.

But that symbolism is important. After all, what is the point of having a political party, if its members don’t intend to support one another?

The unraveling of the pledge is “clarifying,” says Republican strategist Ford O’Connell. “It tells us how much these men can’t stand each other.”

The reasons go deeper than mere personal pique. The end of the pledge speaks to the hollowness in the very soul of the Republican Party. A sizable slice of GOP voters are so fed up with business as usual they’re willing to take a chance on a political novice with some unorthodox views (for a Republican) and whom many women and minorities find offensive.

The pledge’s demise is premised on the possibility of a Trump nomination. When asked about the pledge in the CNN town hall, Cruz said he was “not in the habit of supporting someone who attacks my wife and attacks my family.” Kasich also hedged: ""If the nominee is somebody that I think is really hurting the country, and dividing the country, I can't stand behind them, but we have a ways to go.""

A logical answer might be for Cruz and Kasich to form a strategic alliance, in an effort to knock out Trump. But that’s not in the works. Each believes he should be the nominee, coming out of a contested convention. And they’re not a good fit stylistically or ideologically: Cruz is a hard-line conservative who does not brook compromise, while Kasich is more mainstream, with a history of working across the aisle.

Taken as a group, the three remaining GOP candidates represent a microcosm of today’s fractious Republican Party – and given the underlying animosity, there’s little hope for comity.

“This is a party that looks like it’s headed for a crackup,” says Larry Sabato, director of the University of Virginia Center for Politics. “They’re not going to support one another, and if they issued a new pledge it wouldn’t mean anything.”

“If Trump gets the nomination, millions of mainstream Republicans will not vote for him,” Professor Sabato adds. “If Cruz gets it, millions of Trump supporters will not vote for him.”

Normally, loyalty pledges don’t even come up during presidential primaries. Loyalty is assumed, and a given. But this cycle isn’t normal. Trump’s incursion into the race brought the issue to the fore, amid speculation that he would run as an independent if he didn’t get the nomination - and didn’t feel the Republican National Committee was treating him “fairly.”

Trump’s definition of “unfair” implies a scenario in which he goes into the convention with the most delegates (but not a majority) and does not win the nomination. That could happen. But whether Trump is willing to spend the money and mount the organization necessary to pull off a credible independent bid is an open question.

So for now, it would appear, “loyalty” has given way to “every man for himself.” And it's the Republican Party that loses.",1
1276,How Cruz rescued Carson,"Killing Obama administration rules, dismantling Obamacare and pushing through tax reform are on the early to-do list.",1
3603,Police Arrest 12 Suspected Of Helping Paris Gunmen,"PARIS, Jan 16 (Reuters) - Police arrested a dozen people suspected of helping the Islamist militant gunmen in last week's Paris killings, the city prosecutor's office said on Friday as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrived for talks.

The arrests came after Belgian police killed two men who fired on them during one of about a dozen raids on Thursday against an Islamist group and German police said they had arrested two people following a raid on 11 properties linked to radical Salafists.

Centered on southern Paris suburbs including the Montrouge area where a young policewoman was killed in the attacks, the arrests were for suspected ""logistical support"" for the shootings, an official said.

Seventeen victims and the three attackers died in three days of violence in Paris last week that began with an assault on the offices of satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo.

Paris's Gare de l'Est train station was evacuated at 8:00 a.m. local time (0700 GMT) after an alert but reopened about an hour later, the SNCF state railway said, without giving further details.

Kerry had said on Thursday that his visit to France was to give a ""big hug"" to Paris. Senior U.S. officials were absent from a commemoration march held in Paris on Sunday attended by dozens of world leaders. President Barack Obama's administration conceded that was an omission.

""I think you know that you have the full and heartfelt condolences of the American people and I know you know that we share the pain and the horror of everything that you went through,"" Kerry told Hollande on Friday.

""Together we need to find the right responses and this is the purpose of our meeting here today, beyond the friendship,"" he said.

Investigators are still poring over the complex chain of events that led to three French nationals - two brothers with Algerian roots and a third of African extraction - perpetrating the worst attacks on French soil for decades.

Belgian investigators said they are trying to establish if a man detained in the city of Charleroi on suspicion of arms trafficking had any links with Amedy Coulibaly, the gunman who killed four Jews at a kosher supermarket in Paris last week.

His lawyer Michel Bouchat told French media the man was not an associate of Coulibaly and had merely sold him a car. The man in question already contacted police on Tuesday to say he had had contacts with Hayat Boumedienne, the partner of Coulibaly now believed to be in Syria. (Reporting by Arshad Mohammed, Nicolas Bertin and Chine Labbe; Writing by Andrew Callus; Editing by James Regan and Tom Heneghan)",1
376,US election 2016: Bernie Sanders' and Hillary Clinton's policies compared,"Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are in a pitched battle for the Democratic nomination, fighting for the hearts and minds of left-leaning voters across the US.

But where do they stand on the issues? While the candidates often agree on substance if not style, here's a look at five areas where they differ - not just from each other, but from their presidential predecessors, as well.

They will go up - but for whom?

Bernie Sanders promises he will reduce income inequality through changes to US through tax policy. He has called for a 10% tax surcharge on billionaires, raising the top three tax brackets and creating a new top rate, boosting capital gains and estate taxes, extending Social Security taxes, going after income made abroad by US corporations, and creating a new 0.2% tax on all earners to fund a paid family leave programme.

Hillary Clinton's tax plan is basically Sanders-lite. She wants a 4% surtax on income over $5 million, an increase in capital gains taxes, the closing of ""tax loopholes"" for the wealthy, taxing hedge fund managers' ""carried interest"" income at higher rates and increasing the estate tax rate.

Bill Clinton also raised taxes on the wealthy - and caught considerable criticism from conservatives for doing so. He instituted two new high-level tax brackets, raised corporate taxes, and increased income subject to Medicare and Social Security levies. After Republicans took control of Congress two years into his administration, he signed legislation lowering the capital gains taxes. He also increased a tax credit for poorer workers.

John F Kennedy was the original Democratic tax-cutter. He reduced the top rate in the US from 95% to 65% and the corporate tax rate from 52% to 47%. Today's conservatives love to quote his claim that a high tax rate ""siphons out of the private economy too large a share of personal and business purchasing power"".

Pitching college education that's free or just affordable

Bernie Sanders has set the bar when it comes to higher education policy in the modern Democratic Party, with his call for free college for all Americans funded by taxing Wall Street financial transactions. He points to the runaway costs of higher education as one of the driving forces behind growing income inequality in the US.

Hillary Clinton supports a plan to make two-year community college free, but her higher education policies are more modest. She has called for lowering student loan interest rates, providing $17.5 billion to improve the quality of higher education and encouraging colleges to set affordable tuition rates that don't require student loans.

Barack Obama signed legislation streamlining the student loan system, including provisions that allow the government to directly loan money to students rather than rely on for-profit middle-men. He has also proposed making the first two years of college free, with a programme modelled on a Tennessee system devised by the state's Republican governor.

Lyndon Baines Johnson is the godfather of the modern Democratic Party's education policies. As president he spearheaded passage of the Higher Education Act of 1965, which increased federal funding for universities and provided low-interest student loans and grants for needy students. It was landmark legislation in its day - but now seems relatively modest.

Mend it or end it - and start over from scratch.

Barack Obama supported and signed legislation increasing government regulation of the health insurance industry and creating private insurance markets for individuals not covered by employer-provided insurance. The programme was based, in part, on Republican proposals from the 1990s and the system instituted in Massachusetts by then-Governor Mitt Romney.

For Bernie Sanders, however, that particular half-loaf is far from enough. He wants to institute a single-payer government-run health insurance system fashioned on Medicare. He has also called for allowing the government to negotiate with pharmaceutical companies in order to lower prices and permitting Americans to import medication from Canada, where it is less expensive.

Hillary Clinton has said Mr Sanders is advancing an unrealistic proposal that threatens hard-won healthcare reforms made during Mr Obama's tenure. Instead she wants to expand existing law to improve coverage for prescription drugs and allow the government to negotiate with pharmaceutical manufacturers for better prices.

The former first lady does know a thing or two about how hard it is to get healthcare bills through Congress. In 1993 she was the driving force behind Bill Clinton's proposed legislation, which created a federal minimum-benefits healthcare package with limits on out-of-pocket expenses, all provided by regional healthcare alliances. That effort went down in flames before it even came to a vote in Congress.

The one place where Clinton comes at Sanders from the left

Hillary Clinton is the first prominent Democratic presidential candidate to openly run on a gun-control platform since Al Gore's losing campaign in 2000. She supports holding gun manufacturers liable for deaths caused by their products, expanding background checks and prohibiting those on no-fly list from purchasing firearms. She has also supported reinstating the ban on semi-automatic ""assault"" rifles.

Bernie Sanders, a senator from the rural state of Vermont, has a more moderate position on guns - although he has moved to the left over the course of the campaign. He supports expanded background checks on gun purchases and an assault weapons ban, but opposes holding gun manufacturers liable for deaths. He voted against a gun purchase waiting period multiple times in the early 1990s and for allowing guns in national parks.

Barack Obama shied away from campaigning on gun control in his two presidential campaigns, but the murder of schoolchildren in Newtown, Connecticut, in December 2012 convinced him to act. He has since called for an assault weapons ban and expanded background checks. He has taken unilateral executive action to increase enforcement of laws against gun trafficking and broadening the scope of federal regulation of firearm transactions.

Franklin Delano Roosevelt made the first serious effort at gun control by a Democratic president to date and his call in 1934 to create a national firearm registry and institute a federal tax on all gun purchases. No major Democratic officeholder would even consider broaching such a proposal today. It wouldn't just be dead on arrival in Congress, for many politicians it would be political suicide.

Hillary Clinton, as secretary of state, was one of the more hawkish members of Mr Obama's cabinet. It's no surprise then that as a presidential candidate she is well to the right of Mr Sanders and even Mr Obama. She has called for greater US involvement in the Syrian civil war, including enforcing a no-fly zone, and supports a continued US military presence in Afghanistan.

Bernie Sanders generally agrees with Barack Obama's foreign policies - limited involvement in Syria and an emphasis on working with US allies. He contrasts himself with Mrs Clinton by noting the past US military action that she supported and he opposed - in Libya and Iraq. He supports a full US withdrawal from Afghanistan and no US training of rebels in the Syrian civil war.

John F Kennedy's foreign policy as president, compared to the current crop of Democratic politicians, seems downright bellicose. He was an interventionist at heart, authorising the Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba, taking a hard line against Soviet expansion in the Western hemisphere and initiating US involvement in Vietnam.",1
3504,"Trump, Clinton trade blows on terror and guns in wake of Orlando attack","While investigators try to piece together what led the Orlando gunman to carry out an unspeakable act of terror, the attack is upending the 2016 campaign debate as the two presumptive rivals go toe-to-toe on terror with two very different messages.

In back-to-back speeches Monday, Donald Trump doubled down on his call for a Muslim immigration ban while decrying what he described as a ""deadly ignorance"" that is hurting the country -- and Hillary Clinton renewed her call for an assault-weapons ban while vowing to stop ""lone wolf"" terrorists.

Trump, speaking in New Hampshire, focused largely on his plans for an immigration crackdown. Trump said he wants to ""suspend immigration from areas of the world where there is a proven history of terrorism"" against the U.S. or its allies.

“We have no choice,” Trump said of the proposed ban. It wasn't immediately clear whether Trump was revising his long-standing proposal to temporarily bar foreign Muslims entering the U.S., which he also defended, or referring to the same plan.

The New York businessman also called the Orlando shooting “an assault on the ability of free people to live their lives, love who they want and express their identity.”

“It we don’t get tough, and we don’t get smart – and fast – we’re not going to have a country anymore – there will be nothing left,” Trump said.

Trump, speaking at St. Anselm College, was quick to slam his Democratic rival, claiming she “is in total denial” and that her ultimate plan is to “disarm law-abiding Americans” while admitting immigrants who could pose a threat.

A few hours earlier at her speech in Ohio, Clinton called for an ""intelligence surge"" and a ban on assault weapons as part of a multi-pronged strategy to confront homegrown terrorism.

The presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, following the Orlando terror attack, called on Americans to fight terrorism at home with “clear eyes” and “steady hands.” She delivered a carefully calibrated message, calling for America to get tougher on terrorists while also renewing gun control proposals that have failed to gain steam in Congress.

At the Cleveland campaign event, she drew cheers from the crowd after calling for a ban on assault weapons.

“Weapons of war have no place on our streets,” Clinton said.

Clinton also said if she were in the White House, a top priority would be “identifying and stopping lone wolves,” like the Orlando shooter.

She also called for increased efforts to remove Islamic State messages from the Internet and said “peace-loving Muslims are in the best position to help fight radicalization.”

Trump’s speech was originally supposed to focus on his case against the Clintons – but Trump changed his focus following the attack in Orlando that left 49 people dead and dozens injured. The gunman died in a shootout with police.

On Monday, President Obama said investigators believe the gunman was not directed by external extremist groups, instead saying the shooter “was inspired by various extremist information that was disseminated over the Internet.”

He added that there is “no direct evidence” the shooter “was part of a larger plot.”

Clinton warned earlier Monday against demonizing an entire religion, saying doing so would play into the hands of the Islamic State group.

""We can call it radical jihadism, we can call it radical Islamism,"" Clinton said on CNN's ""New Day."" ""But we also want to reach out to the vast majority of American-Muslims and Muslims around this country, this world, to help us defeat this threat, which is so evil and has got to be denounced by everyone, regardless of religion.""

The horrific shooting consumed the White House race just as Trump and Clinton were fully plunging into the general election. It served as a reminder to the candidates and voters alike that the next president will lead a nation facing unresolved questions about how to handle threats that can feel both foreign and all too familiar.

Trump said Monday he was revoking the press credentials of the Washington Post after the newspaper published an article with a headline ""Donald Trump suggests President Obama was involved with Orlando shooting.""

""Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby revoking the press credentials of the phony and dishonest Washington Post,"" Trump posted on his Facebook page.

Authorities identified the killer in Orlando as Omar Mateen, a 29-year-old American-born Muslim. FBI officials said they had investigated him in 2013 and 2014 on suspicion of terrorist sympathies but could not make a case against him.

Mateen opened fire at the Pulse Orlando club with an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle. He called 911 during the attack to profess his allegiance to the Islamic State terrorist organization though it was unclear whether he had any direct contact with ISIS or was just inspired by them.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
242,Clinton defends role over Benghazi in heated Hill hearing,"Hillary Clinton defended herself Thursday against accusations she was out of touch as the situation in Benghazi spiraled out of control before the 2012 terror attack, at a long-awaited congressional hearing where Republicans grilled the former secretary of state for 11 hours over her role.

While the day-long hearing spanned everything from the initial decision to intervene in Libya to Clinton's public explanation of the Benghazi attack, a central GOP allegation was that Clinton paid more attention to emails from friend Sidney Blumenthal than pleas from murdered diplomat Chris Stevens to increase security in the face of growing threats. But, even as Clinton said she ""took responsibility,"" she accepted little blame for the denial of security requests before the attack, or for the faulty narrative about an anti-Islam video that formed after.

Clinton testified to the Benghazi committee that the security requests were handled by security professionals in the department and not her.

""I did not see them. I did not approve them. I did not deny them,"" she said, while saying she was aware of the risks on the ground.

Clinton insisted Blumenthal, whose frequent messages to her turned up in recently released emails, was not a primary source of information or even technically ""advising"" her.

But when she questioned what the emails have to do with the tragedy, committee Chairman Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., contrasted the frequent and direct communication with Blumenthal against Stevens' struggle to get help.

""I think it is eminently fair to ask why Sidney Blumethal had unfettered access to you, Madam Secretary ... and there's not a single solitary email to or from you, to or from Ambassador Stevens,"" he said.

Clinton earlier admitted that Stevens did not even have her personal email, while also claiming she didn't have a computer in her office.

""I do not believe that he had my personal email,"" Clinton said, before adding that Stevens had a ""direct line"" to others.

Clinton acknowledged some of his requests were approved, and others were not. But she said Stevens emailed regularly with her close aides and ""did not raise security with the members of my staff.""

The exhaustive hearing, which featured not only tough questioning of Clinton but frequent infighting between Republican and Democratic committee members, came as the former State Department leader tries to reclaim momentum in the Democratic presidential race. On Capitol Hill, she tried to settle lingering questions on her role surrounding the 2012 attacks.

Republicans suggested the investigation, though, is far from over.

In a tense exchange, Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, grilled Clinton on why the administration initially seemed to blame protests over an anti-Islam film.

""Where'd the false narrative start? It started with you, Madam Secretary,"" he charged, pointing to a State Department statement that night saying some were using the video to justify violence. Jordan said she later told the Egyptian prime minister they knew the attack was ""planned"" and had ""nothing to do with the film."" He alleged she didn't tell the American people the ""truth.""

But Clinton responded, ""There is no doubt in my mind that we did the best we could with the information we had at the time.""

She said they were dealing with ""fluid"" and ""fast-moving"" and ""conflicting"" information, and stressed that the night of the attack, she only said some ""sought to justify"" the attack with the video. She said there were probably many motivations. And while former top intelligence officials have indicated they knew the attack was terrorism from the start, Clinton seemed to suggest it was the intelligence community guiding the public narrative.

""The intelligence community did the best job they could,"" she testified.

At other times in the hearing, Clinton said Stevens had volunteered for the mission itself and said that while the risk in the region was known, ""there was no credible actionable threat known by our intelligence community against our compound."" Clinton at times also tried to rebuff tough questioning by suggesting American agents should not be disparaged, though lawmakers did not appear to imply this.

In another tense exchange later in the evening, Rep. Susan Brooks, R-Ind., questioned if Clinton had a personal conversation with Stevens after he was sworn in that May.

When Clinton initially responded ""I believe I did,"" Brooks pressed her further, saying there were no call logs or record she spoke with Stevens directly. Clinton responded again she believed she did have a conversation with Stevens before his was killed.

Generally, Clinton and Democrats on the committee argued that the attack has already been thoroughly investigated, by the Accountability Review Board and other congressional panels. Democrats accused Republicans of leading a partisan hunt against Clinton to damage her presidential candidacy.

Indeed, the hearing comes at a critical time for Clinton. Following a strong debate performance last week, Clinton on Wednesday also saw the man who may have represented the biggest primary threat to her candidacy, Vice President Biden, opt out of running.

Yet questions about her personal email use and her actions relating to the Benghazi attack loom over her run.

Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., the committee's top Democrat, said the panel was only formed because Republicans ""did not like the answers"" from prior investigations. So, he said, they established the committee and ""set them loose, Madam Secretary, because you're running for president."" Cummings called it an ""abusive effort to derail"" her campaign.

But Gowdy denied this. Of allegations that the investigation is all about Clinton, Gowdy said Thursday, ""Let me assure you it is not.""

The former State Department leader meanwhile tried to downplay questions about what her emails did and did not show by claiming much of her work was done over phone, in person and other ways.

She said she mostly did not work over email, and said she did not have a computer in her office while secretary of state.

""I didn't conduct the business that I did primarily on email,"" she said, adding that she generally did not email during the day.

Despite these claims, investigators are looking into a number of work-related emails Clinton sent at the department and whether they contained classified material. The emails came up under questioning from Brooks, R-Ind., who asked why so few of her emails addressed Libya in the lead-up to the attack.

At the hearing, Clinton also was challenged over her advocacy for military intervention in Libya, with a GOP member describing her as the ""architect"" of a policy that has led to ""disaster.""

Clinton defended her role, saying she pushed for intervention to prevent ""mass massacres,"" but stressing that President Obama made the final call to use U.S. military force.

She also told the committee the night of the Benghazi attack, she only had one call with President Obama. There were no meetings or calls with then-CIA director Leon Panetta or Gen. Martin Dempsey, according to Clinton, even though she said they were ""the decision makers"" who could have sent in U.S. military forces.

Clinton added that she did not talk to the survivors of the attack until they had been debriefed, and after they arrived back in U.S.

""Our Libya policy couldn't have happened without you, because you were its chief architect,"" Rep. Peter Roskam, R-Ill., told her, adding: ""Things in Libya today are a disaster.""

Clinton said she does not ""subscribe"" to that view.

Gowdy, in explaining the purpose of the hearing, said they owe the ""truth"" about what happened to the victims of the 2012 terror attack.

""They were more than four images on a television screen.... They were Americans who believed in service and sacrifice,"" Gowdy, R-S.C., said.

For that sacrifice, Gowdy said, ""We owe them and each other the truth."" He said he wants a ""final definitive accounting"" of what happened.

Gowdy said that includes answers over what the U.S. was doing in Libya, what happened to requests for additional security and what the government told the public after the attacks.

In her opening statement, Clinton said she was there to ""honor the service"" of the four men who died. She argued that America ""must lead in a dangerous world"" and said it would ""compound the tragedy"" for America to ""retreat from the world.""",1
3384,Many Clinton charity donors also got State Department awards under Hillary,"Twenty-two of the 37 corporations nominated for a prestigious State Department award — and six of the eight ultimate winners — while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State were also donors to the Clinton family foundation.

The published donor records of the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation don't give exact dates or amounts of its contributors, but it is possible to create a general timeline for when many of the corporations donated and when they were either nominated or selected for the award.

Silicon Valley giant Cisco was the biggest foundation contributor nominated in 2009, giving the Clinton charity between $1 million and $5 million. The company then won the award in 2010 when eight of the 12 finalists and two of the three winners had donated to the foundation.

The other Clinton contributor to win that year, candy-maker Mars, Inc., had given between $25,000 and $50,000. Coca-Cola was the most generous foundation donor to be honored as a finalist in 2010, giving a $5-10 million donation.",1
1741,Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders = lecture vs. rock concert,"That's one way to quickly characterize the difference between a campaign stop for Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.

When Democrats visit political events for these two presidential candidates, it's a markedly different experience.

For months, crowds have been a central part of the Sanders strategy, a critical ingredient in how he has overtaken Clinton in early New Hampshire polls, come within striking distance in Iowa, and has raised nearly as much money. The idea behind the big rallies -- in college towns and elsewhere across the country -- was hatched by his small team of advisers to elevate Sanders, surrounding him with tens of thousands of people.

For Clinton, the calculation has been different. Democrats have already seen her on the big stage, so the decision was made to intentionally make her events small, so she could build a more direction connection with voters.

She holds far more holds far more question-and-answer sessions with voters than big speeches, allowing her to demonstrate her wide-ranging knowledge and readiness to be president. But lost along the way has been some of the outward enthusiasm for her candidacy. Crowds can be like campaign yard signs: Reading too much into the size is fraught with peril. The only number that counts, of course, is on Election Day. But until then, Sanders is filling the stadiums.",1
2668,Even Gawker haters should fear the strategy Peter Thiel is using to destroy Gawker,"This week we learned that billionaire Peter Thiel, who made his fortune as a co-founder of PayPal and an early investor in Facebook, has been bankrolling a lawsuit that could drive Gawker Media out of business. The story was first reported by Forbes and confirmed by Thiel himself in a Wednesday interview with the New York Times.

""It’s not like it is some sort of speaking truth to power or something going on here,"" Thiel argued. ""The way I’ve thought about this is that Gawker has been a singularly terrible bully. I refuse to believe that journalism means massive privacy violations.""

Thiel, in other words, sees his lawsuit as a public-spirited attempt to enforce norms of decency and respect for personal privacy.

But whatever you think of the merits of the particular lawsuit against Gawker, critics warn that this kind of arrangement — where a wealthy person funds third-party lawsuits against a common foe — is ripe for abuse.

""The law used to disapprove of this kind of arrangement,"" says Walter Olson, a legal expert at the Cato Institute. For centuries, he argues, courts in the United Kingdom, United States, and elsewhere recognized that wealthy people could use third-party lawsuits as a weapon against those they disliked — and had rules in place to prevent this power from being abused.

But laws limiting this kind of third-party involvement have fallen out of favor in recent decades, opening the door for billionaires like Thiel to use their vast resources to wage war on people they don't like.

In 2012, Gawker published a video of former professional wrestler Terry ""Hulk Hogan"" Bollea having sex. Hogan said the video was taken without his knowledge or consent, and he sued Gawker for invasion of privacy.

In March 2016, a jury awarded Hogan $140 million in damages. The ruling is still being appealed, but if it's upheld it could put Gawker Media — which publishes sites like Jezebel and Gizmodo in addition to Gawker itself — out of business.

The First Amendment gives American media organizations greater latitude than they enjoy in most other developed countries. But US media organizations don't have unlimited freedom. One of the key constraints is personal privacy. Revealing certain kinds of information — especially about people who are not public figures — can get a media organization trouble.

And Gawker exercises this freedom more aggressively than most other media organizations. In one of its most infamous stories, Gawker reported on a New York media executive soliciting the services of a male escort. The piece was later removed after founder Nick Denton decided that the story had gone over the ethical line.

Outing gay people is something of a specialty for the digital gossip rag. Gawker was one of the first to report that CNN anchor Anderson Cooper was gay in 2009. In 2013, Gawker reported that Fox News anchor Shepard Smith was romantically involved with a male staffer.

And one of the early targets of Gawker's outing campaign was Peter Thiel. A 2007 post called ""Peter Thiel is totally gay, people"" apparently marked the start of Thiel's vendetta against the site. ""It’s less about revenge and more about specific deterrence,"" Thiel told the Times on Wednesday, indicating he viewed his funding of lawsuits as bigger than just its previous posts about him.

Still, the Hogan video represented a new low for Gawker. The video of Hogan having consensual sex with the wife of a radio shock jock (who arranged the encounter and made the videotape) had no obvious news value, but Gawker decided to publish it anyway.

In court, Hulk Hogan's lawyers sought to portray Gawker as an organization without a moral compass. It wasn't a hard argument to make. At one point, one of Hogan's lawyers asked a former Gawker editor if there were any situation in which a celebrity sex tape would not be newsworthy.

""If they were a child,"" replied the editor, Albert Daulerio. ""Under what age?"" the lawyer asked.

As a result, arguments about media freedom fell on deaf ears in the jury box. Jurors didn't buy arguments that the First Amendment protected Gawker's right to humiliate random celebrities by publishing video of their most intimate moments.

Even if you think Gawker stepped over the line in publishing the Hogan sex tape — and personally I do — there's still a lot of reason to worry about the prospect of wealthy people using lawsuits as a weapon against people they don't like.

Gawker isn't the only publication to be targeted by a disgruntled billionaire. Last year, the liberal magazine Mother Jones defeated a defamation lawsuit filed by Republican donor Frank VanderSloot. Winning the lawsuit cost Mother Jones, a relatively small nonprofit organization, and its insurance company $2.5 million in legal fees.

If VanderSloot's goal was to punish Mother Jones for writing an accurate but unflattering story about him, a loss was almost as good as a victory. His lawsuit sought $74,999 (staying just under the $75,000 threshold that would have allowed Mother Jones to move the case to federal court and away from an Idaho jury that might have favored the hometown plaintiff). So ""winning"" the lawsuit cost Mother Jones 30 times as much as the amount it would have had to pay if it had lost.

What was really ominous was what happened after VanderSloot's loss. He ""announced that he was setting up a $1 million fund to pay the legal expenses of people wanting to sue Mother Jones or other members of the 'liberal press.'""

As far as I know, no one has taken him up on the offer. But the threat to freedom of the press is obvious. Any news organization doing its job is going to make some enemies. If a wealthy third party is willing to bankroll lawsuits by anyone with a grudge, and defending each case costs millions of dollars, the organization could get driven out of business even if it wins every single lawsuit.

That appears to be the situation Gawker is in. The Hogan lawsuit is not the only lawsuit Gawker is facing. Hogan's attorney, Charles Harder, is also leading two other lawsuits against Gawker. We don't know for sure which lawsuits Thiel is funding, but ultimately it may not matter. If Thiel keeps paying for people to sue Gawker, sooner or later the legal costs will drive Gawker out of business.

""Some people following the Thiel story appear to be surprised that these weapons can be used by rich and powerful people in order to get their way,"" Olson tells me. But he argues that they shouldn't be.

Olson argues that if you went back a century or two and talked to British or American legal scholars, ""they'd say of course these things would be used by the rich and powerful if you allowed them."" Under doctrines called champerty and maintenance, the law used to bar unrelated third parties from paying someone else to engage in litigation and financing a lawsuit in exchange for a share of the damages.

But states have loosened these laws over the past 50 years, in part because lawyers began to see easy access to the courts as being in the public interest. This was driven in part by the rise of public interest litigation — think, for example, of an environmental group finding a third-party plaintiff to sue a company to stop an environmentally sensitive development project.

""Awards are constantly being given to projects in which some wealthy person decides that someone needs to be sued, finds someone who has standing as a plaintiff, and generously funds their litigation,"" Olson says.

But whether you view this kind of litigation as public-spirited or vexatious will often depend on your politics. After all, Thiel portrays his campaign against Gawker as a kind of public interest litigation.

""I can defend myself,"" Thiel told the Times on Wednesday. ""Most of the people they attack are not people in my category. They usually attack less prominent, far less wealthy people that simply can’t defend themselves."" Thiel added that ""even someone like Terry Bollea who is a millionaire and famous and a successful person didn’t quite have the resources to do this alone.""

""I don’t expect to make any money from this,"" Thiel added. ""This is not a business venture.""

Whether or not you find Thiel's specific complaints about Gawker persuasive, the larger problem is that this kind of tactic systematically shifts power from the media to wealthy people. Wealthy people can use this kind of third-party lawsuit to inflict harm on publications that anger them whether or not their lawsuits ultimate prove meritorious. And that, in turn, will put pressure on publications to tread lightly when reporting on wealthy people.

Update: I changed the section on Mother Jones to make clear that the $2.5 million cost of the lawsuit was born by Mother Jones's insurance company as well as Mother Jones itself.",1
593,Gun control becomes a litmus test in Democratic primaries,The move would make it easier for the Trump administration to demolish the exchanges.,1
2373,ATF misfire? Guide indicates bullets at center of firestorm already banned; agency blames 'error',"It looked like the fix was in. But the ATF says it was just a misfire.

As the ATF faces a firestorm of controversy for seeking public comment on a proposal to ban a popular type of bullet, critics last week claimed the agency may have decided in advance how it would rule.

They pointed to the ATF's latest ""Firearms Regulation Reference Guide,"" released in January 2015. The guide, curiously, did not contain an exemption for popular "".223 M855 'green tip' ammunition"" that was included in earlier guides. Without that exemption, the ammunition is illegal to sell. (The change in language was first noticed by Fox News contributor Katie Pavlich at Townhall.com.)

So did the ATF already make up its mind?

No, the agency claims. The ATF has responded that the reference guide is not legally binding, so the bullets have not actually been banned yet, and has apologized for leaving the exemptions out of the guide. They say it was an innocent mistake. And the proposed ban is apparently still under consideration.

""[It] was an error which has no legal impact on the validity of the exemptions,"" ATF public affairs chief Ginger Colbrun told FoxNews.com in an emailed statement, adding that it will be corrected soon.

""The 2014 Regulation Guide will be corrected in PDF format to include the listing of armor piercing ammunition exemptions and posted shortly...  ATF apologizes for any confusion caused by this publishing error.""

As of Monday, the 2014 guide with the error was no longer available on the ATF website.

Case closed? Perhaps. Gun-rights supporters say that such errors are common for the ATF -- but that it could also have been a tip-of-the-hand that the administration already had reached a decision on banning the bullets.

""This is either real incompetence or ATF got caught with their pants down. With this administration it could be both,"" Alan Gottlieb of the Second Amendment Foundation told FoxNews.com.

The controversy comes on the heels of a letter from a hundreds of lawmakers urging the ATF not to ban the popular ammunition, which is the focus of regulatory efforts because it can pierce bulletproof vests used by law enforcement.

These lawmakers say the regulation would interfere with Americans' Second Amendment rights.

""This attack on the Second Amendment is wrong and should be overturned,"" Rep. Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., who started the petition, said in a statement to FoxNews.com. ""Now 239 bipartisan Members of Congress -- a clear, sizeable majority of the House -- agree,"" he noted.

Although the ATF previously approved the bullets in 1986, the agency now says that because handguns have been designed that can also fire the bullets, police officers are more likely to encounter them.

White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest backed up the agency's proposal at a press conference last Monday.

""We are looking at additional ways to protect our brave men and women in law enforcement... This seems to be an area where everyone should agree that if there are armor-piercing bullets available that can fit into easily concealed weapons, that it puts our law enforcement at considerably more risk,"" Earnest said.

But gun-rights groups such as the National Rifle Association note that almost all rifle bullets can pierce armor, and say that this is just an excuse for limiting civilian gun use.

""The claim that this is done out of a concern for law enforcement safety is a lie. The director of the Fraternal Order of Police has said this is not an issue of concern. And according to the FBI, not one single law enforcement officer has been killed with M855 ammunition fired from a handgun,"" Chris Cox, executive director of the NRA Institute for Legislative Action, told FoxNews.com.

Some law enforcement groups reached by FoxNews.com also say that they see no need for the regulation.

""The notion that all of a sudden a new pistol requires banning what had long been perfectly legal ammunition doesn't seem to make a lot of sense to many officers,"" William Johnson, executive director of the National Association of Police Organizations, told FoxNews.com.

NAPO represents over 1,000 police units and associations and 241,000 law enforcement officers around the country.

But some law enforcement experts support the ban.

""I am definitely for the banning of these rounds... officers worry about them all the time,"" former NYPD detective Harry Houck told FoxNews.com, though he added that a ban might not actually keep criminals from getting the ammunition.

""We understand why law enforcement has always been concerned about the threat of armor-piercing bullets,"" Dan Gross, president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, told FoxNews.com.

Lawmakers warn that the regulation -- especially as it follows on the heels of attempts to restrict lead bullets -- will ""result in drastically reduced options for lawful ammunition users."" Already, the ammunition has been cleared from many store shelves by gun owners looking to stock up in anticipation of the ban. The proposed regulation would not prohibit owning the bullets, but it would stop anyone from manufacturing or importing them.

The ATF has announced that it is currently taking public comments on the regulation until March 16, when it will prepare to issue a final regulation. Comments can be sent to APAComments@atf.gov.

The author, Maxim Lott, can be reached on Facebook or at maxim.lott@foxnews.com",1
3316,VFW fires back at Obama: Politics not 'confused',"The nation’s largest veterans group hit back at President Obama on Thursday and urged him not to “denigrate” their intelligence after the president suggested their members were easily swayed by cable news and “right-wing radio.”

The Veterans of Foreign Wars called out the president after Obama referenced the political opinions at “VFW halls” in an Indiana speech Wednesday that toggled between campaign politics and the economy.

“I don’t know how many VFW Posts the president has ever visited, but our near 1.7 million members are a direct reflection of America,” VFW National Commander John A. Biedrzycki Jr. said in a statement. “We don’t have confused politics, we don’t need left or rightwing media filters telling us how to think or vote, and we don’t need any President of the United States lecturing us about how we are individually [affected] by the economy.”

Obama, speaking in Elkhart, Ind., had lamented the “primary story” he claimed Republicans are telling about the economy – one that focuses on how “moochers at the bottom of the income ladder” are squeezing middle-class families.

“We have been hearing this story for decades,” Obama said. “Tales about welfare queens, talking about takers, talking about the ‘47percent.’ It's the story that is broadcast every day on some cable news stations, on right-wing radio, it's pumped into cars, and bars, and VFW halls all across America, and right here in Elkhart.”

Obama continued: “And if you're hearing that story all the time, you start believing it. It's no wonder people think big government is the problem.”

Biedrzycki suggested veterans are not so easily swayed.

“Our nation was created and continues to exist solely because of the men and women who wear the uniform,” he said. “Let’s not denigrate their service, their sacrifice or their intelligence.”

Obama is no stranger to the VFW, having addressed the group’s national convention several times dating back to his first presidential campaign.

He last spoke to the VFW convention last July in Pittsburgh, calling the occasion a “great honor.” He used the speech to address ongoing efforts to help America’s veterans, especially in the area of health care, in the wake of the Veterans Affairs wait-times scandal.

“As president, I consider it my obligation to help make sure that, even though less than 1 percent of Americans wear the uniform, that 100 percent of Americans honor your sacrifices and your service,” he said.",1
5021,GOP reaches ‘new level of panic’ over Trump’s candidacy,"Turmoil in the Republican Party escalated Wednesday as party leaders, strategists and donors voiced increased alarm about the flailing state of Donald Trump’s candidacy and fears that the presidential nominee was damaging the party with an extraordinary week of self-inflicted mistakes, gratuitous attacks and missed opportunities.

Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus was described as “very frustrated” with and deeply disturbed by Trump’s behavior over the past week, having run out of excuses to make on the nominee’s behalf to donors and other party leaders, according to multiple people familiar with the events.

Meanwhile, Trump’s top campaign advisers are struggling once again to instill discipline in their candidate, who has spent recent days lurching from one controversy to another while seemingly skipping chances to go on the offensive against his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton.

“A new level of panic hit the street,” said longtime operative Scott Reed, chief strategist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. “It’s time for a serious reset.”

Trump allies on Wednesday publicly urged the candidate to reboot, furious that he has allowed his confrontation with the Muslim parents of dead Army Capt. Humayun Khan to continue for nearly a week. They also are angry with Trump because of his refusal in an interview with The Washington Post on Tuesday to endorse two of the GOP’s top elected officials — House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (Wis.) and Sen. John McCain (Ariz.) — ahead of their coming primary elections.

[Donald Trump refuses to endorse Paul Ryan and John McCain in GOP primaries]

Former House speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.), one of Trump’s most loyal defenders, warned that his friend was in danger of throwing away the election and helping to make Clinton president.

“The current race is which of these two is the more unacceptable, because right now, neither of them is acceptable,” he said. “Trump is helping her to win by proving he is more unacceptable than she is.”

Gingrich said Trump has only a matter of weeks to reverse course. “Anybody who is horrified by Hillary should hope that Trump will take a deep breath and learn some new skills,” he said. “He cannot win the presidency operating the way he is now. She can’t be bad enough to elect him if he’s determined to make this many mistakes.”

Campaigning in Florida, Trump sought to pivot away from his problems. He addressed the controversy and speculation, saying his campaign is “doing really well” and has “never been this well united,” then focused renewed attacks on Clinton and President Obama.

But the idea that the campaign was fully united was undercut when Mike Pence, Trump’s vice-presidential running mate, told Fox News Channel that he “strongly endorsed” Ryan in his primary campaign. Other Republicans viewed the endorsement as a sign that he is having some influence within the campaign, said a person familiar with Pence’s role.

Campaign manager Paul Manafort went on cable news channels earlier in the day to try to tamp down the rampant criticism of the GOP nominee, saying that reports of a campaign staff in crisis were incorrect. He said the campaign is “focused,” in “very good shape” and “moving forward.”

Throughout the day, there were also persistent reports that allies of Trump, including Priebus, Gingrich and former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, were trying to arrange a meeting with Trump to urge him to refocus his candidacy. Manafort, when asked on Fox News about such a meeting, said he knew nothing about it. “Not me,” Gingrich said in an email when asked if he were part of an upcoming meeting.

A knowledgeable GOP strategist said, “It’s not happening,” then added, “It doesn’t take a genius to know that calling Donald Trump and yelling at him is never going to work.”

At past moments of crisis in the campaign, Trump’s children have played an influential role, and there was some hope within the party that they could again provide help. Bloomberg Politics reported Wednesday afternoon, however, that Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump had left for a hunting trip outside the country.

[Transcript of Donald Trump’s interview with The Washington Post]

Friends and allies of Manafort disputed reports that the top adviser had given up on Trump, describing him as fully committed to waging a successful campaign. But they said Manafort has been frustrated by Trump’s apparent lack of discipline on the stump and in his many media interviews.

“Paul has good influence with Donald,” said Charlie Black, a longtime GOP strategist and former business partner of Manafort’s. “But he’s Donald, and he’s going to operate stream of consciousness a lot of times. You just hope he’ll have more days on message than days on consciousness.”

A second GOP strategist who also knows Manafort said Trump’s campaign manager is “the most aggressive guy I’ve ever met.”

“My guess is he’s trying to make the best of this for the campaign,” said this strategist, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to be candid. “But this is not the plan. There’s no way to explain that this is what you want done in the middle of your campaign.”

From Washington to state capitals nationwide, a feeling of despair and despondence fell over the Republican establishment.

Trump suffered two defections Wednesday when Rep. Adam Kinzinger (Ill.), an Iraq War veteran, said on CNN that he is unlikely to vote for Trump because the nominee was “beginning to cross a lot of red lines of the unforgivable in politics.”

Former Montana governor Marc Racicot, a former RNC chairman and a close associate of former president George W. Bush’s, also said he won’t vote for Trump.

“I’m not accusing people of being appeasers, but what I am saying is that there’s a transcendent set of values throughout our history that we subscribe to above party,” Racicot told Bloomberg Politics, adding that he thinks Trump lacks those values.

Reed, who managed Robert J. Dole’s 1996 presidential campaign, said Trump should “stop doing silly interviews nine times a day that get you off message” and deliver a major address seeking to reset the campaign establishing himself as the change candidate.

Reed said such a pivot is “mandatory” for Trump to be successful, as is smoothing relations with Ryan, McCain and other GOP leaders. “If Trump decides he wants to go it alone, it is a lonely road,” he said.

Two weeks ago at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, GOP leaders were buoyed by what they saw in Trump. But he quickly reverted to his old ways, setting off alarms in some parts of the party.

“I’m pulling for him, but he’s not driving on the pavement. He’s in the ditch,” said Henry Barbour, an RNC member and longtime strategist in Mississippi. “I’m frustrated. There’s time to fix it, but there’s one person who can fix it. It’s up to him.”

A Republican consultant who is working on Senate and gubernatorial races nationwide says the situation is wreaking havoc.

“The level of uncertainty with Trump just throws everyone off. It really hurts all of them,” the consultant said. “The Republican Party to him is like any kind of real estate deal. It’s all transactional. . . . He’s willing to burn the house down.”

If the situation has not improved by Labor Day, the RNC may need to begin redirecting resources to bolster vulnerable House and Senate candidates, as it did when Dole’s defeat became apparent in the fall of 1996, a senior Republican said.

Many top GOP fundraisers and donors are taking refuge in the Senate races, pouring their time and money into trying to protect the Republican majority.

“I have had a number of very successful calls today raising money,” said Virginia developer Bob Pence, who is serving as the finance chairman for the National Republican Senatorial Committee. “People are very animated for Senate races.”

Steve Duprey, another RNC member from New Hampshire and a confidant of McCain and Sen. Kelly Ayotte (N.H.), both of whom Trump attacked in the Post interview, said Republican leaders are “pretty unhappy.”

“People are more frustrated than they have been with past indiscretions,” Duprey said, referencing Trump’s intraparty attacks as well as his feud with the Khan family. “People are just going, ‘Can you believe this?’ . . . Our nominee is losing opportunities to make the case why he should be elected instead of Mrs. Clinton and instead spending all of his time dealing with controversies of his own creation.”

Trump has not taken advantage of Friday’s report showing slow economic growth in the last quarter or of an interview Clinton gave to Fox News’s Chris Wallace on Sunday in which she said that FBI Director James B. Comey had generally agreed with her characterizations of her use of a private email server when she was secretary of state. The interview has drawn criticism from fact checkers at news organizations.

“At some point, he needs to be immeasurably better than Hillary Clinton, but he’s not going to have an opportunity to govern if he doesn’t begin to bring Republicans together and then, eventually, bring independents and even Democrats on board and convince them that he can do this job,” Barbour said.

Barbour said he, like others, has been frustrated by missed opportunities since the Democratic National Convention ended Thursday night. “The last several days have made this election a referendum on Donald Trump. We want this to be a referendum on Hillary Clinton and the wrong direction the country’s on.”

RNC chief Priebus has had multiple conversations with Trump and his campaign, although he was not in direct contact with the candidate in the immediate hours after Trump declined to endorse Ryan.

Calling Priebus “very frustrated,” a knowledgable GOP strategist said, “It’s the totality of the week. The whole Khan thing kicking off the week was a concern to him, and then obviously all the other smaller issues were. He’s been going after this all week. The [failure to endorse Ryan and McCain] was like the cherry on the cake.”

Gingrich said Trump is continuing to operate on instincts that helped him in business and in the primaries but said the GOP nominee doesn’t realize that those skills are not adequate for a general election.

“He can’t learn what he doesn’t know because he doesn’t know he doesn’t know it,” Gingrich said.",1
1202,Clinton regrets 1996 remark on ‘super-predators’ after encounter with activist,"COLUMBIA, S.C. — Black voters are the linchpin of Hillary Clinton's strategy for winning the South Carolina Democratic presidential primary, and as a result, her campaign has put racial justice issues at the forefront of her agenda. But at an event on Wednesday night, Clinton was vocally confronted by an activist questioning her past support for policies that had a disproportionately negative effect on African Americans.

Ashley Williams, a 23-year-old activist from Charlotte, interrupted Clinton during a private fundraiser in Charleston on Wednesday night. Williams stood and demanded an apology from Clinton for the high incarceration rate for black Americans, and confronted her with the words of a speech Clinton delivered 20 years ago voicing support for the now-debunked theory of ""super-predators.""

""They are often the kinds of kids that are called 'super-predators,' "" Clinton said in 1996, at the height of anxiety during her husband's administration about high rates of crime and violence. ""No conscience, no empathy, we can talk about why they ended up that way, but first we have to bring them to heel.""

The last part of the quote was written on a large, hand-lettered sign that Williams held up as Clinton spoke to her donors and supporters.

Clinton took note of the sign and read it aloud, squinting to read it and apparently unaware that it was her own quote.

Williams addressed Clinton, asking whether Clinton would ""apologize to black people for mass incarceration.""

Clinton first told Williams, ""we'll talk about it,"" but grew irritated as Williams continued to speak.

“Do you want to hear the facts, or do you just want to talk?” Clinton asked sharply.

Off camera, guests at the fundraiser, apparently held in a private home, can be heard saying ""shhhhh,"" which then turns to such comments as ""this is inappropriate,"" and ""you're being rude.""

Williams asked again about Clinton's words from 1996, as a man approached Williams to escort her out.

""You know what? Nobody’s ever asked me before. You’re the first person to do that, and I’m happy to address it,"" Clinton said, but did not elaborate.

In a written response to The Washington Post's on the issue Thursday, Clinton said: “Looking back, I shouldn’t have used those words, and I wouldn’t use them today.""

""My life’s work has been about lifting up children and young people who’ve been let down by the system or by society, kids who never got the chance they deserved,"" Clinton continued in the statement. ""And unfortunately today, there are way too many of those kids, especially in African-American communities.  We haven’t done right by them.  We need to.  We need to end the school to prison pipeline and replace it with a cradle-to-college pipeline.""

[Hillary Clinton responds to activist who demanded apology for ‘superpredator’ remarks]

In an interview  Thursday, Williams said that she wanted Clinton to address her past role in supporting the country's current system of mass incarceration. Williams also said she sought an apology from Clinton for the ""damage that she’s done to black communities.""

""I thought that quote was important not only because it was her own words, but because that was her pathologizing black youth as these criminal, animal people,"" Williams told The Washington Post. ""And we know that’s not right and we know that’s really racist.""

""I wanted her to be confronted with that very racist thing she said,"" Williams said.

[A crime bill from 1994 haunts Clinton and Sanders as criminal justice reform rises to top in Democratic contest]

""As a black queer person, I understand how I don’t always get to be in control of how I’m perceived in spaces,"" Williams said. ""I’m especially not always in control of the way I'm perceived when I'm raising my voice to speak out against injustices. So I’m not surprised that I was told that I was being rude.""

In recent weeks, Clinton's 1996 comments have re-emerged as a problem, just as she has sought to push a new agenda focused on unwinding 90s-era policies that are now viewed as having had a disproportionately negative effect on African-Americans.

In a recent essay, author and law professor Michelle Alexander described Clinton's endorsement of the ""super-predator"" concept as ""racially coded rhetoric"" that was used to ""cast black children as animals.""

Yet, the idea wasn't Clinton's, but rather it had been invented by researchers studying crime in the 1990s. And it was used to explain the rise in violence perpetrated by youths -- particularly in predominantly minority inner cities. The concept has since been largely abandoned and decried for its racial undertones.

Twenty years later at the Charleston event, Clinton said that it was the first time that she had been asked about the comments. But Williams said she expected more.

""She’s had 20 years to respond to my question,"" Williams said. ""And so her inability to do it last night to me is just kind of representative of how she has been absent in terms of racial justice in a meaningful way, in a material way.""

The evening fundraising event was not disclosed by the Clinton campaign, although the campaign has voluntarily released information about other fundraisers in the past. The event also was not advertised to news outlets covering Clinton as she campaigns ahead of the primary vote Saturday.

Williams said she is an ""independent organizer for the movement for black lives"" and not part of Black Lives Matter organizations. Williams added that someone paid $500 to allow the activists to gain access to the fundraising event. Williams would not specify who contributed the money to the protest action.

Clinton has called for an end to ""the era of mass incarceration"" and disavowed much of the 1994 crime law signed by her husband, former president Bill Clinton. It was the disproportionate effect of that law on black people that was the protesters' main complaint.

The Clinton campaign has also pointed to her presidential primary opponent Bernie Sanders's vote in favor of that law.

Williams, who is working on a master's degree at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, wants all candidates -- including Bernie Sanders -- to be held accountable for their past actions and statements about racial justice.

""All the candidates who are running for president need to be held to the same kind of scrutiny in terms of the way that they have been complicit in mass incarceration and damaging communities of color across the United States,"" Williams said. ""Bernie can get it, too. They can all get it.""

In a statement, Sanders's campaign manager Jeff Weaver said that Sanders voted for the 1994 crime bill to protect provisions embedded in it that preserved the assault weapons ban and included domestic violence protections for women.

Weaver noted that Sanders criticized mass incarceration at the time that the bill was being considered.

“When this so-called crime bill was being considered, Bernie Sanders criticized its harsh incarceration and death penalty provisions,"" Weaver said. ""Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, resorted to dog whistle politics and dehumanizing language.""

""Bernie Sanders has always known jails and incarceration are not the answer,"" Weaver added. ""Nor is heated rhetoric against young people of any race. You can’t throw vulnerable people under the bus just because it’s politically expedient.”

Correction: An earlier version of this post said Hillary Clinton told activist Ashley Williams ""you're being rude."" It was a guest at the fundraiser who made the comment.",1
3655,Critics to the White House: Call Orlando What it Is,"The horrific attack in Orlando, Florida, showed once again that ISIS is here in America. Judging by President Barack Obama's response on Sunday, the message may not have reached the Oval Office.

""This is an open investigation. We've reached no definitive judgment on the precise motivations of the killer,"" the president said. ""The FBI is appropriately investigating this as an act of terrorism.""

But what kind of terrorism? President Obama did not use the words ""Muslim"" or ""Islamic terrorism,"" even though the killer shouted, ""Allahu Akbar!"" and called 911 to say he was from ISIS. Islamic State radio calls Orlando mass shooter Omar Mateen ""one of the soldiers of the caliphate in America.""

Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., warns there will be more attacks in part because of the president's reluctance to call the Orlando tragedy what it is.

""And it's not stopping,"" Sessions told Fox News Sunday. ""We see apparently today more of these attacks, and it's a real part of the threat that we face and if we can't address it openly and directly and say there is an extremist element within Islam that is dangerous to the world and has to be confronted, we need to slow down and be careful about those we admit into the country.""

FBI Director James Comey says ISIS has created a ""terrorist diaspora"" that flows out of Syria and Iraq to the West, bringing ""hardened fighters, looking to kill people.""

A Wall Street Journal editorial pleaded, ""Can we finally drop the illusion that the jihadist fires that burn in the Middle East don't pose an urgent and deadly threat to the American homeland?""

And National Review warned, ""The...Islamic terrorists' war on us has returned to American shores, and it will continue here as long as we refuse to exercise the tactics necessary to stamp it out.""

Former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton told Fox News ""The fact is that this is war and not law enforcement.""

""The problem is Barack Obama and his administration for its entire length in office have not been at war with Islam. They have tried to treat this solely as a law enforcement matter, not as a struggle with an ideology that despises our entire way of life,"" Bolton said.

""This attack is not the equivalent of a junked-up attack on the corner grocery store. This is an act of war against the United States,"" he said.",1
5172,"Defying Republican orthodoxy, Trump trashes trade deals and advocates tariffs","Donald Trump on Tuesday channeled more than a year’s worth of fiery and freewheeling protectionist rhetoric into an uncharacteristically disciplined address, putting him out of step with decades of conservative economic orthodoxy and even some of his own prior positions.

Speaking in a warehouse filled with piles of compressed aluminum cans and scraps of metal, Trump ticked through a seven-step plan to boost domestic job growth that included renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement, labeling China a currency manipulator, and withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal and preventing its implementation.

At a rally in Ohio hours later, Trump said the trade pact was being “pushed by special interests who want to rape our country,” repeating “rape” several times.

The presumptive GOP presidential nominee mentioned Britain’s recent decision to leave the European Union, saying that “our friends in Britain recently voted to take back control of their economy” and that “now it’s time for the American people to take back their future.” Quoting Founding Fathers and former presidents, Trump said international trade agreements have left American workers behind.

“On trade, on immigration, on foreign policy, we are going to put America first again,” Trump said. “We are going to make America wealthy again.”

He also took sharp aim at presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton by invoking the populist attacks she has faced from her rival in the primaries, Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont.

“People who rigged the system are supporting Hillary Clinton because they know as long as she is in charge, nothing’s going to change,” Trump said.

The speech highlighted one of the key areas of disagreement pitting Trump against business leaders and establishment Republicans, who for decades have advocated free-trade policies and have generally opposed tariffs and other measures.

It also came amid a period of upheaval in Trump’s campaign that many backers hope will lead to a more policy-focused operation. He fired his campaign manager last week after months of internal turmoil and on Monday brought on a pair of experienced communications operatives.

While large, boisterous rallies remain Trump’s signature campaign setting — the mogul held one Tuesday night in eastern Ohio — he is giving structured policy talks more frequently.

While Trump spoke, the nation’s largest business lobby rebutted him on social media. “Setting Things Straight: NAFTA has NOT been a disaster for the U.S.,” read one tweet from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce linking to a more detailed Web page. Another said, “You heard from Trump on trade, here’s what you really need to know.”

In the past, Trump has adopted a notably less protectionist posture on trade and outsourcing. In a 2005 blog post on the website for the now-defunct Trump University, the mogul wrote: “We hear terrible things about outsourcing jobs — how sending work outside of our companies is contributing to the demise of American businesses. But in this instance I have to take the unpopular stance that it is not always a terrible thing.”

During his speech, Trump repeatedly singled out Clinton for criticism. He also slammed former president Bill Clinton for signing NAFTA, which Trump said was one of the worst developments of his administration.

And he said Hillary Clinton “has betrayed the American worker” and would do it again.

The Clinton campaign moved vigorously to counter Trump’s speech, holding a conference call with reporters featuring Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) hours before Trump spoke. During his speech, Clinton tweeted a close-up picture of the collar of a Donald J. Trump Signature Collection shirt. “Trump’s speaking about outsourcing right now. Here’s one of his shirts — made in Bangladesh,” her tweet read.

Tensions between the two sides were already running high before Trump spoke. Michael Cohen, Trump’s special counsel and executive vice president of the Trump Organization, launched an aggressive social-media attack on Clinton earlier in the day, tweeting an image that claimed she “murdered an ambassador” — a reference to the death of Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, who was killed in the 2012 attacks on a diplomatic compound and CIA annex in Benghazi, Libya. Clinton was secretary of state at the time.

Cohen wrote in an email afterward that he does not speak for the Trump campaign. “My tweets are mine and mine alone,” Cohen said.

The attack came the same day that a final report written by a GOP-led House select committee offered no new evidence of specific wrongdoing by Clinton pertaining to the Benghazi attacks.

A week ago, Trump tweeted, “If you want to know about Hillary Clinton’s honesty & judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.” A campaign spokeswoman did not respond when asked whether Trump agreed with Cohen’s tweet.

Here in Monessen, a handful of protesters chanted anti-Trump slogans outside as he started to speak. Several older men and women who said they were supporting Trump also stood under the sun outside in hopes of catching a glimpse of the mogul.

Trump supporter Jim Bower, 74, said that while he has serious reservations about Trump’s rhetoric and his “dumb mistakes on the campaign trail,” he does not trust Clinton. “I don’t want to vote for Hillary,” he said. “But I’m not happy about voting for Donald.”

Sullivan reported from Washington. Karen DeYoung in Washington contributed to this report.",1
4058,Former Egyptian president Morsi sentenced to death,"Ousted Egyptian president Mohammed Morsi, along with more than 100 other defendants, was sentenced to death by an Egyptian court Saturday for his role in a mass prison break in 2011.

Morsi, Egypt's first freely elected president, is already serving a 20-year jail sentence in jail for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters while president.

The then-leader of the Muslim Brotherhood movement was elected president in 2012 after the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak.

The Egyptian military deposed Morsi in 2013 following a series of street protests against his rule. In May 2014, Morsi's successor, former military chief Abdul Fattah al-Sisi, who led the coup, won a landslide victory in presidential elections.

The Muslim Brotherhood was banned and its supporters rounded up by the thousands.

As with all capital punishment cases, the sentence will be sent to the Grand Mufti, Egypt's highest authority, for his opinion. Convictions can still be appealed, even if the Grand Mufti approves the sentencing. A decision is expected on June 2.",1
4084,"Copenhagen police shoot, kill man near train station","Danish authorities mounted a nationwide manhunt Saturday for a gunman who opened fire on a free speech seminar at a Copenhagen cafe in an apparent attempt to kill a Swedish artist who had published cartoons of the prophet Mohammed eight years ago.

Hours later, the Associated Press reported that three people, including two police officers, were shot in a second incident in the Danish city, although it is unclear if it is connected to the first attack.

One person is dead and two were injured in the later attack, which occurred near a synagogue in downtown Copenhagen. The shooter fled on foot, police told the AP.

Police in Denmark shot and killed a man they had under surveillance in connection with Saturday's shootings.

Police will hold a press briefing at 10 am local time.

Police said the gunman in the first attack, who fled in a stolen car, killed one person and injured three police officers in the attack at the Krudttoenden cafe, which was hosting an ""Art, blasphemy and the freedom of expression"" event.

Police released a grainy photo of a man in a dark ski jacket and cap who may be linked to the attack. It was taken by a surveillance camera near the site where the gunman abandoned the dark-colored Volkswagen Polo that he had carjacked.

Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt called the shooting ""a cynical act of violence"" and an ""act of terrorism.""

The United States condemned the ""deplorable shooting"" and offered condolences to the loved ones of the deceased victim, according to a statement from National Security Council spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan. U.S. officials have been in touch with Danish authorities and are ready to help with the investigation.

Danish authorities called on Germany and Sweden to be on the lookout for the suspect at their borders with Denmark. Authorities initially thought two people were involved in the shooting.

Police said the apparent target of the shooting was Lars Vilks, 68, who has endured several attempted attacks and death threats since he depicted the founder of Islam as a dog in 2007.

Vilks escaped unharmed after a bodyguard shoved him into the cafe kitchen when the gunfire erupted around 4 p.m.

""What other motive could there be? It's possible it was inspired by Charlie Hebdo,"" he said, referring to the Jan. 7 attack by Islamic extremists on the French newspaper.

""At first there was panic. People crawled down under tables,"" Vilks said. ""My bodyguards quickly pulled me away.""

""I heard someone firing with an automatic weapon and someone shouting. Police returned the fire and I hid behind the bar. I felt surreal, like in a movie,"" Niels Ivar Larsen, one of the speakers at the event, told the TV2 channel.

The dead victim was identified by police only as a 40-year-old civilian.

Francois Zimeray, the French ambassador to Denmark, was in the cafe at the time but was not hurt. ""Bullets went through the doors and everyone threw themselves to the floor,"" he told the AFP news agency.

The Danish Security and Intelligence Service described the gunman, who was carrying a black machine gun, as tall, with an athletic build. It said he had an ""Arabic appearance, but with lighter skin than normal and black straight hair.""

He wore a black or dark blue ski jacket and matching pants, possibly with gloves, the security service said.

The gunman did not get into the main room where the event was being held, but fired into it, according to several media accounts.

Police later found the getaway car abandoned near a metro station and promptly shut down the transit line between two stations to search for the suspect.

Danish TV2 reported that about 30 bullet holes hit the window of the cafe and that at least two people were taken away on stretchers, including a uniformed police officer.

Helle Merete Brix, one of the organizers of the event, told TV2 that Vilks ran to the nearby kitchen when the shots rang out.

""He was very cool,"" she said. ""We stood and told each other bad jokes. His bodyguards did a tremendous job.""

She told the TV station the attack was a ""clear assassination attempt"" of Vilks, who receives police protection when he is in Denmark.

Frank Jensen, Lord Mayor of Copenhagen, said he was ""deeply horrified"" by the shootings which appeared to be a ""violent crackdown on freedom of expression.""

""Unfortunately, there are people who react with violence when their entrenched mindset meets with the free debate and freedom of speech,"" Jensen wrote on his Facebook page. ""We must stand firm on the values our society is built on, and never give in to fear.""

Last year, a Pennsylvania woman received a 10-year prison term for a plot to kill Vilks. In 2010, two brothers tried to burn down his house in southern Sweden and were imprisoned for attempted arson.

After Islamist militants attacked the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine in Paris last month, killing 12 people, Vilks told the AP that even fewer organizations were inviting him to give lectures over increased security concerns.

Vilks said he thought Sweden's SAPO security service, which deploys bodyguards to protect him, would step up the security around him.

""This will create fear among people on a whole different level than we're used to,"" he said. ""Charlie Hebdo was a small oasis. Not many dared do what they did.""",1
5193,Let’s dispel with this notion that Donald Trump knows what he’s doing,"Donald Trump is an unusual candidate who does a lot of unusual things. For example, after flubbing a debate performance in which he appeared volatile, irritable, and uninformed about key issues, he did not attempt to refocus his campaign on proven message points or topics where he has a firm grasp of talking points. Instead, he’s been lashing out at Alicia Machado while using apophasis to bring up Bill Clinton’s marital infidelity by saying he’s not talking about Bill Clinton’s marital infidelity.

It seems like a bad strategy because it almost certainly is in fact a bad strategy.

But not everyone sees it that way. In certain quarters, there’s a tendency to assume that Trump is crazy like a fox.

Jon Favreau, Barack Obama’s chief speechwriter for much of his career in national politics, sees the post-debate binge in that light.

Ken Baer, a veteran Democratic Party operative, even believes that Trump’s feud with the Khan family was a successful effort to distract attention from a bread-and-butter economic critique of Trump.

This view gives Trump far too much credit. All available evidence suggests that Trump is a poor candidate waging a poor campaign and blowing a very winnable race against a Democratic Party nominee who is herself relatively weak.

The presumption that Trump is performing well is based on a misreading of the underlying fundamentals of the election, and in its own terms arguably does a little bit to boost his electoral fortunes by cloaking his campaign in an undeserved shroud of competence.

The overwhelmingly probable conclusion is that Trump does things that don’t seem to make sense because he is a political neophyte who doesn’t know what he is doing.

The core fact about Donald Trump’s general election campaign is that it’s been singularly ineffective. Not only is he down in the polls right now, but he’s been consistently down in the polls for virtually the entire breadth of the campaign.

That doesn’t mean Trump “can’t win” or that Clinton has nothing to worry about. But it does mean that, as best we can tell, Trump started behind and has never really found a way to get ahead. And he’s been losing even though Clinton has been viewed more unfavorably than favorably since April, a bad dynamic that set in for her before the Democratic primary wrapped up.

People tend to discount the “Trump is losing” factor on the grounds that he “should” be doing worse. But this becomes circular — Trump’s weakness as a candidate is the only reason to expect him to lose. He is, in fact, losing because he is, in fact, running a bad campaign.

The reality is that the underlying fundamentals of the race — a two-term president leaving office amidst paltry economic growth — favor a Republican victory. That’s what Vox’s “Trump Tax” model says, but don’t take our word for it. Harry Enten at FiveThirtyEight thinks the same thing, as does Lynn Vavreck at the Upshot, and John Sides at the Monkey Cage.

Yet despite favorable fundamentals, Trump has been consistently behind in the polls — leading in broad averages only for a couple of days between the two parties’ conventions.

Not only has Trump been consistently losing despite favorable fundamentals, but he’s been consistently losing despite the luxury of running against an opponent with an underwater favorability rating.

Conversely, the fundamentals in the 2012 election favored Obama. Mitt Romney did slightly better than might be expected given the fundamentals, and ran ahead of the GOP Senate nominee in basically every state. That’s about what you would expect if you think of Romney as a handsome, telegenic, successful businessperson who governed as a moderate in a blue state before remaking himself as a conventional Republican. Obama’s attacks on Romney seem to have had replacement-level effectiveness at best, and still left Romney better regarded than a typical conservative Republican.

One source of confusion is that overall economic conditions are clearly better today than they were four years ago. History teaches us that what matters politically is short-term rates of change, not levels of prosperity.

Economic conditions are better in 2016 than they were in 2012. But growth was faster four years ago than it is today, when things seem to have leveled off after a nice 2015.

To make a long story short, Donald Trump is the GOP nominee in a year when a generic Republican would be favored to beat a generic Democrat. Rather than running against a generic Democrat, he is running against an unusually unpopular Democrat. And he is losing.

Of course, the mere fact that Trump’s overall campaign is ineffective doesn’t mean that every particular choice he makes is bad. But it does mean that there’s no particular reason to give him the benefit of the doubt. The big lesson of the 2016 campaign is that the fundamentals matter a lot. The electorate is polarized, and so even a really bad candidate has a high floor.

Clinton has major weaknesses in terms of weak economic growth and voter fatigue with Democratic Party leadership (manifesting in 2016 largely in millennial disaffection with Clinton, even as young voters eschew Trump). These factors keep Trump perennially within striking distance; it’s a very winnable election for him. But instead of winning, he is losing. And he has been consistently losing, because he doesn’t know what he’s doing.",1
5271,"Republican convention’s ‘non-conventional’ list: Model, astronaut and Trump clan","Donald Trump’s convention will feature an eclectic mix of cultural figures, including the first woman to command a space shuttle mission, survivors of the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, in 2012 and an underwear model.

But while several Republican Party establishment figures will take the stage next week in Cleveland, the national convention to officially make Trump the party’s presidential nominee will be devoid of some of the GOP’s most seasoned leaders and brightest new stars.

Republican officials on Thursday released a long-awaited list of convention personalities billed as “non-conventional speakers” who emphasize “real world experience.”

The convention’s theme will be Trump’s campaign slogan, “Make America Great Again,” with a core focus on national security, immigration, trade and jobs.

The program includes more than a dozen current and former elected officials, including the leaders of the party’s congressional wing, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (Wis.) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.).

[Analysis: The stumbling blocks for an anti-Trump mutiny]

A handful of governors and other lawmakers are scheduled to give addresses, including former primary opponents Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.), Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson.

“There’s going to be a unified convention,” Trump spokesman Jason Miller told reporters Thursday, adding that the announced agenda was only a partial list of speakers. “People are going to be united behind Mr. Trump.”

The unusual collection of nonpolitical speakers seems designed to broaden Trump’s appeal. Roster names include retired astronaut Eileen Collins, the first female space-shuttle pilot and mission commander; Mark Geist and John Tiegen, two survivors of the 2012 attacks on a U.S. diplomatic outpost in Benghazi; and Antonio Sabato Jr., a former Calvin Klein underwear model, soap-opera actor and reality-television star.

Some sports figures will take the stage here, including pro golfer Natalie Gulbis and Ultimate Fighting Championship President Dana White.

Tim Tebow, a 28-year-old former National Football League quarterback and Heisman Trophy winner, was expected to speak at the gathering, according to GOP officials. Tebow is admired by many conservatives because of his outspoken evangelical Christian beliefs.

But Tebow said Thursday night in a Facebook video that he would not be speaking: “It’s amazing how fast rumors fly. And that’s exactly what it is, a rumor.”

But some sports heroes of decades past whom Trump has said he would like to see at the convention — such as former Indiana University basketball coach Bobby Knight and boxing promoter Don King — are not listed as speakers.

Also notably absent from the list of speakers was Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, who was identified by Trump allies Thursday as the candidate’s likely vice presidential pick. If chosen, Pence would deliver an acceptance speech after being formally nominated for vice president.

Two other vice-presidential finalists, Christie and former House speaker Newt Gingrich (Ga.), are listed on the program, as is Sen. Jeff Sessions (Ala.), who also was vetted as a vice-presidential prospect.

Not speaking in Cleveland are the GOP’s past two presidential nominees, former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney and Sen. John McCain (Ariz.), as well as its only two living former presidents, George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush. None will be in Cleveland for the week-long festivities.

Also excluded from the speakers list are many of the party’s more diverse rising stars, including South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez, Sens. Marco Rubio (Fla.) and Tim Scott (S.C.), and Rep. Mia Love (Utah).

By contrast, the Democratic National Convention the following week in Philadelphia is expected to feature a full assortment of party stars — past, present and future — including President Obama, first lady Michelle Obama, Vice President Biden, former president Bill Clinton, and Sens. Elizabeth Warren (Mass.) and Bernie Sanders (Vt.).

The disparity in political star power between the conventions speaks volumes about the state of the two parties, with Republicans divided over their controversial new standard-bearer.

[Cleveland braces for spillover on the streets]

Looking ahead to Philadelphia, Republican strategist Rick Wilson said of the Democrats, “Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Michelle Obama, Elizabeth Warren — they’re all going to be out there swinging for the fences. But the Republicans, it’ll be like a hostage video of people forced on stage.”

The Cleveland convention will be orchestrated to help expand Trump’s appeal to the general electorate. To that end, several members of his family are expected to give speeches, including his wife, Melania, and his four oldest children: Donald Jr., Ivanka, Eric and Tiffany.

In addition, other speakers who have known Trump and his family through the years plan to take the stage. They include Haskel Lookstein, a rabbi in New York who converted Ivanka Trump to Judaism; Tom Barrack, a wealthy California-based investor who has worked with Donald Trump on real-estate deals; and Kerry Woolard, the general manager of Trump Winery in Virginia.

With the public on edge following a spate of shootings by police and last week’s killing of five officers in Dallas, Trump has sought to brand himself as the law-and-order candidate. Some speakers at the Cleveland convention could help him make that case, including Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, a Democrat who is an outspoken critic of the Black Lives Matter movement and is a frequent Fox News Channel guest; former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani; and two female attorneys general, Pam Bondi of Florida and Leslie Rutledge of Arkansas.

Several early Trump backers are being rewarded with convention speaking slots, among them Jerry Falwell Jr., the president of Liberty University, a college founded by his late televangelist father. Falwell campaigned frequently at Trump’s side leading up to the Iowa caucuses.

But one especially prominent Trump surrogate is not listed as a speaker: Sarah Palin, a former Alaska governor and 2008 vice-presidential nominee, who has garnered mixed reviews for her campaign-trail appearances supporting Trump.

Here in Cleveland, the Republican National Convention’s Rules Committee convened early Thursday and met late into the night to review the 42 rules governing the party structure and the selection of a presidential candidate. The big undecided issue remains whether or not to continue binding convention delegates to the results of caucuses and primaries or to unbind delegates and allow them to vote however they want.

Another subject of talks, which eventually collapsed with no resolution, centered on whether to return the party to closed contests — meaning that only Republicans could vote in presidential caucuses and primaries. A group led by Ken Cuccinnelli, the former Virginia attorney general, also wanted to make other changes to party operations.

Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and several members of the party’s leadership generally support the idea of reverting back to closed contests by awarding more convention delegates to states that hold closed contests.

Cuccinnelli said he proposed giving 20 percent more delegates to states that opted to hold a closed contest. Priebus and his team considered the offer, cut ultimately declined, according to people familiar with the talks.

Ed O’Keefe and Dan Balz contributed to this report.",1
3756,Curfew begins in riot-torn Baltimore,"BALTIMORE -- A citywide curfew took effect Tuesday night in tense, riot-torn Baltimore as a heavy presence of police and National Guard troops sought to disperse protesters.

Dozens of people remained in the streets after the 10 p.m. curfew. Officers with bullhorns and self-appointed citizen peacekeepers urged them to go home, and when some failed to disperse, police fired pepper pellets and smoke canisters.

Some protesters hurled objects at police, who held shields and formed a line across an intersection and slowly advanced toward protesters.

Baltimore police said on Twitter: ""Officers are now advancing on the group. They remain aggressive and disorderly.""

""We've got a long night ahead of us,'' Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan said earlier. Security forces ""will not tolerate violence or looting,'' he vowed.

Hogan said a massive display of security was deployed in the city: 2,000 National Guard troops and 1,000 law enforcement officers.

Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said in a news conference late Tuesday night that 10 people had been arrested, seven of them for violations of a 10 p.m. curfew.

The Baltimore Orioles canceled Tuesday's scheduled home game and in an unusual move said Wednesday's game will be played in an empty Camden Yards stadium, without spectators.

Baltimore's school system announced it would reopen for classes Wednesday.

Batts defended his agency's slow response to violence that tore through the city a day earlier, leaving cars and buildings gutted by fire and stores looted. Batts said the young age of those who took to the streets with rocks and bricks -- high school students, many of them -- caused officers to take a measured initial response to Monday's violence.

""Why didn't you move faster? Because they're 14, 15 and 16 year old kids out there,'' Batts said at an afternoon news conference, posing to himself a frequently asked question.

""They're old enough to know better ….old enough to be accountable. But they're still kids, unfortunately, and we have to take that into account when we're out there.''

The violence erupted on the day of the funeral for Freddie Gray, 25, who died after suffering a mortal spinal injury while in police custody.

Appearing with Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, Batts defended her against critics for an initially low-profile response, calling her ""courageous.'' He acknowledged that Baltimore's police culture must change: ""We have more to do, but we can't do it by destroying this beautiful city.""

""Overall today has been a very good day,'' Batts said. ""We're going to be out in strong numbers making sure we have no issues in our city.''

There were some tense protests and a massive cleanup underway. The city was going on a week-long nightly curfew beginning at 10 p.m.

Hogan said 250 people were arrested in Monday's violence. Police said more than 20 police were injured, and Batts said one of them remained hospitalized Tuesday. About 20 businesses and more than 140 cars burned as the mayhem spilled into Tuesday's early hours. From 1 a.m. to 5 a.m., the city's Office of Emergency Management reported 10 major blazes.

""Acts of violence and destruction of property cannot and will not be tolerated,'' Hogan said. ""This is far from over.''

President Obama promised a thorough investigation into the death of Gray.

U.S. Justice Department officials met with members of Gray's family late Tuesday, in addition to relatives of police officers who were most seriously injured in Monday's unrest, a Justice official said. Vanita Gupta, chief of the department's Civil Rights Division, and Ronald Davis, director of the Community Oriented Policing Services office, were dispatched to Baltimore to represent the department.

Attorney General Loretta Lynch spoke with Hogan and members of the Maryland congressional delegation to discuss the developments in Baltimore and to offer assistance.

Across the city, schools were closed, the National Guard was on the streets and wreckage was everywhere. Across the street from a burned and looted CVS store, several people threw water bottles at officers who stood in riot gear. At times protesters argued among themselves, some pleading for a peaceful event and others arguing that the police officers needed to feel the pain they have inflicted on the community.

Still, Batts said only two arrests were made by late afternoon. ""For the most part, the city has been calm today,'' Batts said.

James Brown, 27, an event planner, said he believes the situation will worsen. ""This is not going to end,"" he said. ""Black men feel like we don't have rights. We are not being heard.""

""We will not let these deplorable and cowardly acts of violence ruin our city,"" she tweeted. ""I sincerely want to thank all those out there cleaning up streets and sharing their love for #OurCity. Thank you, Baltimore!""

Rawlings-Blake walked back comments she made about ""thugs"" trying to tear down the city.

""I wanted to say something that was on my heart … We don't have thugs in Baltimore. Sometimes my little anger interpreter gets the best of me,"" she said, pointing to her head. ""We have a lot of kids that are acting out, a lot of people in our community that are acting out.""

She dismissed claims that she waited too long to send in a heavy police and National Guard presence. She cited a ""delicate balancing act"" between managing the problem and making it worse.

""It is very important that we respond to the situation as it is on the ground,"" she said. ""There are always going to be armchair quarterbacks who have never sat in my seat.""

Police Capt. John Kowalczyk said the relatively light initial police presence was because authorities were preparing for a protest of high schoolers. A heavy police presence and automatic weapons would not have been appropriate, he said. Kowalczyk said police made more than 200 arrests, 34 of them juveniles.

During the mayhem, social media was alive with ""#purge,"" an apparent allusion to the film The Purge, which featured a 12-hour period in which all crime is legal.

Gray, 25, died April 19, one week after being arrested and suffering a severe spinal injury. After Gray's funeral Monday, protests ostensibly against police violence quickly deteriorated into devastating riots. Bands of looters, some armed with crowbars, roamed the city, hurling rocks at police, destroying patrol cars, smashing store windows and torching buildings.

Residents swept glass and debris from battered sidewalks and streets while National Guard members stood sentry during daylight hours Tuesday.

Tanisha Owens, 30, an elementary school teacher living in Baltimore, said she hopes young people will get a chance to come to peaceful protests in the city and learn how to voice their concerns.

""My students see this destruction happen to their communities and they need to also see the good side of it,"" Owens said. ""I want them to understand that not everyone is bad. There's also good in their city.""

Owens added that she was impressed at how quickly people cleaned up stores affected by looting. She and several co-workers came to the city with brooms and gloves but found that all the places they wanted to volunteer were already cleared of debris.

But many said they remain frustrated by what they believe is unfair treatment of blacks by police.

""We have too much violence against all the little brown children,"" Mitchum Alexander, 46, of Baltimore, said. ""We need to put a stop to this and educate law enforcement and people in society so incidents like this don't occur.""

Martin O'Malley, former governor of Maryland and former mayor of Baltimore, stopped by West Baltimore where hundreds of demonstrators gathered all day.

""There's a lot of pain in our city right now, a lot of people feeling very sad,"" O'Malley said. ""We have got to come through this together. We are a people who have seen worst days and we will come through this.""

Yet as O'Malley walked through crowds of protesters some heckled him and told him to leave.

Wayne Gray, 47, has lived in Baltimore his entire life and said O'Malley had a chance to help the city and didn't. Instead, Gray said O'Malley didn't help improve the lives of poor people and started the culture and policies that led to over arresting black men.

""He had a chance to fix this,"" Gray said of O'Malley. ""He's part of the frustration that built up in these black men.""

Hogan also toured parts of the city. ""What happened last night is not going to happen tonight,"" he said.l

Many businesses, wary of a resurgence of violence that had overwhelmed police and fire fighters, closed on Tuesday.

The list included Security Square Mall with more than 100 stores in western Baltimore. Many downtown businesses were closed, and mutual fund houses T. Rowe Price and Legg Mason announced that most employees were working from home.

Jamal Bryant, a local activist and pastor of Empowerment Temple AME Church, opened his church to teens with no place to go due to the school closures. He promised to conduct training on how to protest without destroying the city.

Bryant tweeted: ""We're also gonna take HS students to go clean up OUR neighborhoods. We must rise from the ashes. Meet at @EmpowermentTem2 at 10""

Obama also said economic and cultural problems must be addressed to fully solve the problem of violence on streets here and across the nation. Still, he stressed, that's no excuse for the violence.

""When individuals get crowbars and start opening doors to loot, they're not protesting,"" Obama said in response to a query at a White House news conference. ""They're not making a statement. They are stealing. When they burn down a building they are committing arson. And they are destroying and undermining businesses and opportunities in their own communities.""",1
2023,How right was Romney?,"Washington (CNN) Mitt Romney is eyeing another shot at the White House, but many Republicans, including those who admire and respect the party's most recent nominee, are wondering exactly what rationale he has for mounting another campaign in 2016.

After all, in 2012 Romney lost all but one of the battleground states, trailed President Barack Obama 332-206 in electoral votes and Republicans panned his gaffe-prone campaign, chaotic convention and creaky tech operation.

One working theory behind Romney 3.0 -- he thinks he got it right on the big issues that decided the last election and that voters have got buyers remorse.

""He is been proven right on so many of the issues, certainly domestic policy but (also) foreign policy. He almost looked prophetic there talking about Russia and talking about the war on terror,"" said Utah Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz on CNN's ""State of the Union"" on Sunday.

Aides have told reporters, including CNN's Gloria Borger , that Romney sees vindication in a world tipping into chaos and an economic recovery that left the middle class behind.

At the GOP's winter meeting in San Diego on Friday, Romney said he has given ""serious consideration"" to a new run for the presidency, and his lacerating criticism of Obama suggested he believes he has earned his chance.

So how do Romney's critiques and promises stand up as he yet again sets foot on the road to the White House?

Romney's best case for proving he was right may lie overseas.

Not even the most committed Obama supporter could convincingly argue that the world is more stable than in 2012.

It's only two years since the President brandished his own first term record of ending wars and killing Osama bin Laden to pound Romney as heir to a disastrous Republican foreign policy legacy.

But assumptions underpinning Obama's statesmanship have started to fray. The rise of ISIS has raised questions about his decision to pull all troops out of Iraq and his reluctance to plunge into Syria's civil war. The standoff with Vladimir Putin has left his ""reset"" of relations with Russia looking naive.

""The results of the Hillary Clinton/Barack Obama foreign policy have been devastating,"" Romney said Friday, arguing that terrorist attacks in places like France and Nigeria proved ""the world is not safer.""

""Able leaders anticipate events, prepare for them, and act in time to shape them,"" Romney wrote.

""Some simply cannot envision the future and are thus unpleasantly surprised when it arrives. Some simply hope for the best. Others succumb to analysis paralysis, weighing trends and forecasts and choices beyond the time of opportunity.""

Many Romney aides believe Russia proves his point.

In the 2012 campaign, long before Putin annexed Crimea, the Republican said that Russia ""is without question our No. 1 geopolitical foe.""

Obama reacted with derision. ""The 1980s are now calling to ask for their foreign policy back because the Cold War's been over for 20 years,"" he crowed in the third presidential debate.

But time hasn't been kind to that zinger.

While there is a debate whether Washington and Russia are really locked in a true Cold War, the Kremlin is doing a passable imitation of the Soviet Union. Russian aircraft are buzzing NATO planes in Europe and Russia stands accused of incursions in Ukraine. Moscow rewrote the borders of Europe by biting off Crimea and Putin warns the West wants to ""chain"" the Russian bear.

While Romney predicted Moscow's belligerence, it's impossible to know whether tougher U.S. rhetoric would have changed Putin's calculations -- or antagonized him even more.

And the administration argues that far from being the actions of a geopolitical foe, Putin's nationalism represents the thrashings of a weakened and desperate regime, that hardly poses a threat to the United States. And Obama might have adopted a tougher approach to Russia himself, had he not had to coax along European nations who were more reluctant than Washington to impose sanctions.

Some of Romney's other 2012 foreign policy bets are yet to play out.

He said that Iran's nuclear program is potentially the longest term threat to the United States.

""If we re-elect Barack Obama, Iran will have a nuclear weapon,"" he said in a Republican debate in 2011.

So far, Iran has not gone nuclear. Obama says an interim deal has frozen Tehran's atomic advances and a final pact is being sought to stop the Islamic Republic short of the bomb.

On Iraq, Romney hammered Obama in 2012 for not reaching a deal with Baghdad to leave a residual force behind after the war.

Obama pounced, saying that meant his opponent wanted to keep U.S. troops in the country. Two years on the tables have turned and Obama has dispatched up to 3,000 troops to train Iraqi forces to take on ISIS -- though the administration insists that they will not be doing any fighting.

Romney was also spot on when he warned the next few years would bring more ""chaos and tumult"" in the Middle East and that ""jihadists"" would continue to spread. But given the region's agonized history, it hardly takes a strategic genius to make such a prediction.

Romney argued in 2012 that Obama's economic policy led to an anemic recovery from the worst recession in 70 years.

He complained Obama broke his promise to cut the budget deficit in half and cited Congressional Budget Office (CBO) figures projecting trillion dollar deficits for four years following 2014.

While Romney was wrong about that, the latest CBO estimates do offer some support to his wider point. The nonpartisan body expects the deficit to only be around $500 billion in 2015 but sees a rising trend with trillion dollar deficits in 2022 through 2024 owing to higher health care costs and rising interest payments on federal debt.

Romney's critique of the uneven economic recovery is also accurate.

""If you are elected president, we will continue to see a middle class squeeze with wages going down,"" he said in the first debate.

He warned that if Obama got four more years in the White House, the national debt would approach $20 trillion. The figure is now $18 trillion. But Romney's claim the U.S. economy is on ""the road to Greece"" was always hyperbole.

Romney also underestimated the pace of the recovery.

""You're going to get a repeat of the last four years,"" he said at the second presidential debate.

He promised to get unemployment under 6% or lower in his first term. Consider that promise beaten -- by Obama. In December, the jobless number was 5.6%. Romney also promised to create 12 million jobs. In the first two years of Obama's second term the economy has pumped out 5.2 million jobs and could approach Romney's target before he leaves office. Last year was America's top year of job growth since 1999. But Republicans still call this the slowest economic recovery on record.

Nowhere was the 2012 debate more intense or more dripping with spin and falsehoods than Obamacare -- on both sides.

In almost every campaign rally, Romney claimed the average American family would see health costs rise by $2,500 annually because of the president's reforms.

Statistics don't yet offer a full picture of Obamacare's impact on costs -- and the law has so upended the health care industry it is difficult to draw firm conclusions.

But a Kaiser Foundation survey found that health care costs for family coverage in employer-sponsored plans rose 3% in 2014, well below Romney's figure.

In the wider marketplace, the picture is complicated because some people who did not have health care before can now get it under Obamacare.

Others have chosen better plans now available which may cost more. And some patients who bought Obamacare are now paying less for health care. Total spending for health care in the nation rose 3.6% in 2013, slower than the 4.1% rise the year before, according to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Growth in private health insurance premiums meanwhile grew at 2.8% in 2013 compared to 4.0% the year before. But Republicans point to extra costs -- claiming for instance that many people now face higher deductables.

Romney was correct to say however that millions of Americans would lose their insurance policies under Obamacare, rejecting the president's health care whopper ""If you like your health plan you can keep your health plan.""

But that's only half the story. While many people lost plans -- some because they did not reach quality thresholds set by Obamacare -- the White House says millions also signed up to new policies.

Statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention bear out that claim, finding that in the first half of 2014, 12.2% of Americans had no health insurance, compared to 17.3% the year before.",1
1683,Marco Rubio: Donald Trump's plan 'borders on the absurd',"But he rejects the idea that Clinton's campaign -- which many believe has been on a hot streak lately following an appearance on ""Saturday Night Live,"" a well-received debate performance and Vice President Joe Biden's decision to not seek the White House -- ended the week on a high note following her lengthy testimony before the House Select Committee on Benghazi.

""People may think she had a good week,"" Rubio told CNN's Jamie Gangel in an interview that aired Sunday on ""State of the Union."" ""I think this is the week it was proven that she lied about Benghazi.""

The Florida senator said he believes Clinton will be the Democratic nominee, thanks in part to her belonging to a ""political dynasty"" that will help her fundraising.

As for Donald Trump, the party's current front-runner, Rubio charged the developer's immigration proposals ""border on the absurd.""

""His rhetoric is a little louder but, if you think about where he was six months ago, his position on immigration six months ago was nothing like what he's saying now. And even what he's saying now borders on the absurd,"" he said. ""He's going to deport all these people and then he's going to allow back in the ones that are good. His plan makes no sense."" Overall, Trump has failed to communicate a clear, deep understanding of America's most pressing issues, Rubio said. ""I would say that ultimately the next president of the United States, on their first day in office, must understand the threats that face this country and must have shown good judgment about what to do about those issues,"" he said. And despite Trump's current success, Rubio is confident that the former reality television star's popularity will wane. ""I'm going to support the Republican nominee, and I'm comfortable that it's not going to be Donald Trump, and I'm increasingly confident that it's going to be me,"" he said. Confidence and optimism aside, Rubio isn't blind to his low presidential poll numbers -- even in his home state -- and blames them on ""a very unusual year."" ""If you start paying attention to these polls in October, I mean, you'll go crazy. I've been up, I've been down,"" he said. ""It's a very unusual year, and I think part of it is that people are really angry about the direction of our country.""",1
106,Not all the recent fires at black churches were arson. Here's what we know.,"Since June 21, fires have been reported at six Southern churches that serve mostly African-American congregations. Investigators believe that two of these fires were intentionally set, and the cause of three others is unknown and under investigation.

These fires came to public attention a few days after the shooting that killed nine black members of Charleston's Emanuel AME Church on June 17 — which was itself a reminder of the long history of terrorism against black churches in America. Although church fires are not uncommon — and there is a lot we still don't know about the recent fires, some of which were accidental — many observers are fearful and anxious.

Since June 21st, there have been at least four mysterious fires at black churches in the South — three of which were likely deliberate. In three cases, law enforcement officers have said that there's evidence that the fire was deliberately set. In one other case, investigators have been unable to determine whether the fire was intentional or not.

Many media reports have referred to fires at ""seven churches."" But those include two churches that were struck by lightning (one of which was a white church), and another church where the cause of the fire was likely an electrical failure.

Here's what we know about the cases, based on reporting from the Los Angeles Times's Matt Pearce,CNN's Ben Brumfield and Sam Stringer, the Associated Press's Bruce Smith and Meg Kinnard, and local media:

How this compares to general arson rates for churches, including black churches. According to the National Fire Protection Association (via the Los Angeles Times's Matt Pearce), firefighters responded to an average of 1,600 fires at churches a year from 2007 to 2011. That comes out to an average of 31 fires a week.

Sixteen percent of fires at churches and funeral homes (the latter is much less common) were intentionally set. That's an average of five intentional fires a week, or 256 a year — causing an average of three civilian injuries annually.

Both intentional and accidental fires have been declining since the 1980s.

What the motive of any intentionally-set fire was. Deliberate fires are set for a variety of reasons. Investigators have not come up with suspects or a motive in any of the recent fires.

Whether any of the fires were connected to each other: Some past attacks on black churches, like the 1995 Ku Klux Klan attack on the Mount Zion African Methodist Episcopal Church, were deliberately coordinated. But an attack can be racially motivated without being the work of a white supremacist organization. In some cases, racism combines with other factors — like alcohol and drugs — to inspire individuals to launch attacks on their own. As the Washington Post reported about three Tennessee arsonists in 1996:

When we'll have answers: Law enforcement officials are currently investigating four of the fires, often with assistance from the FBI. We don't know when these investigations will conclude, or whether they'll have enough evidence to determine whether a crime was committed.

In the past, arson cases have often rested on forensic evidence that purported to show a fire was deliberately set. But in recent years, the reliability of those findings has been questioned or discredited.

Attacks on black churches have been a frequent form of anti-black terrorism in America: The black church has been a symbol and a gathering place for black America, and that's made it an appealing target for white supremacist terrorists. The Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, where the June massacre happened, was burned in the 19th century after one of its founders planned a slave revolt. In 1964, four young girls were killed when the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham was bombed. There was a wave of firebombings of black churches in the South in the 1990s, and a black church in Massachusetts was burned the day President Barack Obama was inaugurated.

Burnings of black churches by whites are not uncommon: The current data on church fires doesn't include data for black churches in particular. But we do have some data from the 1990s, when the rash of burnings of black churches prompted the creation of a federal task force. The task force investigated 945 church fires, including 310 black churches (213 of which were in the South).

Law enforcement ultimately arrested 136 people for arson against black churches, a little under two thirds of whom were white; 102 of the suspects — two-thirds white — were arrested for arson against black churches in the South. (Law enforcement agents arrested 431 suspected arsonists overall, including white and black church fires.)

Most of these cases were brought in state court. But sometimes the federal government did end up bringing charges — especially in cases of hate crimes. Fifty-eight percent of federal convictions for church arsons from 1995 to 2000 were for crimes ""motivated by bias.""",1
3797,Obama Will Address Hillary’s Email Scandal on First Ever ‘Fox News Sunday’,"President Obama is appearing on Fox’s Sunday politics show to push Republicans to support Merrick Garland—but he will make bigger news talking about Hillary’s email scandal.

“I think where he makes the most news is about Hillary Clinton,” Wallace said—an assessment that is likely to be greeted with apprehension at Clinton campaign headquarters in Brooklyn. “He hasn’t been asked about it in awhile. Back in October, on 60 Minutes, he said she had not jeopardized national security with her private email server. Since then, we’ve found out that 2,000 of her emails were classified and 22 were top secret. So could he say flatly that she didn’t give away America’s secrets?”

“I think Fox News is more critical of this President than most other news organizations,” Wallace answered in an email to The Daily Beast. “The White House sometimes doesn’t like that. But I think we are doing our job—telling all sides of the story. I also think the White House doesn’t distinguish between our hard news operation and the opinion shows.”

“He has nominated Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court, and they’re very frustrated with the fact that the Republican Senate refuses to even hold confirmation hearings, let alone to give him an up or down vote,” Wallace said in a phone interview, adding that he “pushed particularly hard” in his pitch to the White House that his program was well-positioned to serve their interests. “They saw Fox News Sunday as an opportunity to reach out to Republicans or Independents or conservative Democrats to try to put pressure on Republican senators to give a full vetting, a normal vetting, to Judge Garland.”

Obama told Wallace that even if Clinton is elected in seven months, and the Senate goes into a lame-duck session, he plans to stick by Garland as his preferred nominee instead of pulling the nomination to let Clinton fill the seat vacated by the death last month of Associate Justice Antonin Scalia.

Wallace, meanwhile, declined to wade into the intrigue surrounding Fox News star and frequent Donald Trump target Megyn Kelly, who has been critical of her colleague Bill O’Reilly for not defending her more robustly, and recently confided to Variety that while she’s grateful for Fox News Chairman Roger Ailes’s staunch support, she must “keep [her] options open” on whether to re-up with Fox when her next contract talks come up after the November election.

“I think any time that the president is doing an interview with a television program that he hasn’t done an interview with for a while”—in this case, not since Obama’s sole Fox News Sunday appearance in 2008, when he was a mere candidate for president—“it’s an opportunity to reach a new audience, or at least an audience that may not have heard from the president directly in a while.”

Certainly, while they personally exempt Wallace, a registered Democrat, Obama and his aides haven’t been shy about expressing their disdain for the top-rated cable channel founded by former Republican strategist Ailes at the behest of media mogul Rupert Murdoch in 1996, around the same time that Obama was launching his political career back in Chicago.

Obama has frequently made Fox News the butt of his comedy routine at the White House Correspondents Association Dinner, and in April 2011, at the height of Trump’s birther antics, showed the audience what he termed “my official birth video,” which turned out to be the nativity scene from the Disney animation The Lion King.

“I asked him about all the anger among Americans, both Democrats and Republicans, whether it’s Bernie Sanders supporters or Donald Trump’s supporters—people who feel dealt out of the game in Washington and on Wall Street—and does he take any responsibility for the fact that after eight years, people still feel the game is rigged.”

Wallace said he also asked the president why he appeared to be so disengaged and emotionally contained when reacting to acts of terrorism that made many Americans angry—cheerfully golfing in Martha Vineyard after commenting on the beheading by ISIS of journalist James Foley, and enjoying a baseball game in Cuba after the horrific attacks in Brussels.

“We also had a very interesting conversation when we did a walk-and-talk, where I asked him what is best day and worst day at the White House was,” Wallace said. “We were in the law library where he wrote the book Dreams from My Father…There couldn’t be a sharper contrast with the Oval Office.”",1
2425,Obamacare on the line at SCOTUS,"Washington (CNN) The future of health care in America is on the table -- and in serious jeopardy -- Wednesday morning in the Supreme Court.

After more than an hour of arguments, the Supreme Court seemed divided in a case concerning what Congress meant in one very specific four-word clause of the Affordable Care Act with respect to who is eligible for subsidies provided by the federal government to help people buy health insurance.

If the Court ultimately rules against the Obama administration, more than 5 million individuals will no longer be eligible for the subsidies, shaking up the insurance market and potentially dealing the law a fatal blow. A decision likely will not be announced by the Supreme Court until May or June.

All eyes were on Chief Justice John Roberts -- who surprised many in 2012 when he voted to uphold the law -- he said next to nothing, in a clear strategy not to tip his hand either way.

""Roberts, who's usually a very active participant in oral arguments, said almost nothing for an hour and a half,"" said CNN's Supreme Court analyst Jeffrey Toobin, who attended the arguments. ""(Roberts) was so much a focus of attention because of his vote in the first Obamacare case in 2012 that he somehow didn't want to give people a preview of how he was thinking in this case. ... He said barely a word.""

The liberal justices came out of the gate with tough questions for Michael Carvin, the lawyer challenging the Obama administration's interpretation of the law, which is that in states that choose not to set up their own insurance exchanges, the federal government can step in, run the exchanges and distribute subsidies.

Carvin argued it was clear from the text of the law that Congress authorized subsidies for middle and low income individuals living only in exchanges ""established by the states."" Just 16 states have established their own exchanges, but millions of Americans living in the 34 states are receiving subsidies through federally facilitated exchanges.

But Justice Elena Kagan, suggested the law should be interpreted in its ""whole context"" and not in the one snippet of the law that is the focus of the challengers.

""We look at the whole text. We don't look at four words,"" she said. Kagan also referred to the legal challenges to the law as the ""never-ending saga.""

Justice Sonia Sotomayor was concerned that in the states where the individuals may not be able to receive subsidies, ""We're going to have the death spiral that this system was created to avoid.""

And Sotomayor wondered why the four words that so bother the challengers did not appear more prominently in the law. She said it was like hiding ""a huge thing in a mousetrap.""

""Do you really believe that states fully understood?"" she asked, Carvin, that those with federally run exchanges ""were not going to get subsidies?""

Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg suggested the four words at issue were buried and ""not in the body of the legislation where you would expect to find"" them.

Justice Anthony Kennedy asked questions that could be interpreted for both sides, but he was clearly concerned with the federalism aspects of the case.

""Let me say that from the standpoint of the dynamics of Federalism,"" he said to Carvin. ""It does seem to me that there is something very powerful to the point that if your argument is accepted, the states are being told either create your own exchange, or we'll send your insurance market into a death spiral.""

He grilled Carvin on the ""serious"" consequences for those states that had set up federally-facilitated exchanges.

""It seems to me that under your argument, perhaps you will prevail in the plain words of the statute, there's a serious constitutional problem if we adopt your argument,"" Kennedy said.

The IRS -- which is charged with implementing the law -- interprets the subsidies as being available for all eligible individuals in the health exchanges nationwide, in both exchanges set up by the states and the federal government. In Court , Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli, Jr. defended that position. He ridiculed the challengers argument saying it ""revokes the promise of affordable care for millions of Americans -- that cannot be the statute that Congress intended.""

But he was immediately challenged by Justice Antonin Scalia.

""It may not mean the statute they intended, the question is whether it's the statute they wrote,"" he said.

Although as usual, Justice Clarence Thomas said nothing, Justice Samuel Alito was also critical of Verrilli's argument. He said if it were true that some of the states were caught off guard that the subsidies were only available to those in state run exchanges, why didn't more of them sign amicus briefs. And he refuted the notion that the sky might fall if the challengers were to prevail by saying the Court could stay any decision until the end of the tax season.

On that point Scalia suggested Congress could act.

""You really think Congress is just going to sit there while all of these disastrous consequences ensue?"" he asked.

Verrilli paused and to laughter said, ""Well, this Congress? ""

Kennedy did ask Verrilli a question that could go to the heart of the case wondering if it was reasonable that the IRS would have been charged with interpreting a part of the law concerning ""billions of dollars"" in subsidies.

Only Ginsburg brought up the issue of standing -- whether those bringing the lawsuit have the legal right to be in Court which suggested that the Court will almost certainly reach the mandates of the case.

President Barack Obama has expressed confidence in the legal underpinning of the law in recent days.

""There is, in our view, not a plausible legal basis for striking it down,"" he told Reuters this week.

Wednesday's hearing marks the third time that parts of the health care law have been challenged at the Supreme Court.

In this case -- King v. Burwell -- the challengers say that Congress always meant to limit the subsidies to encourage states to set up their own exchanges. But when only 16 states acted, they argue the IRS tried to move in and interpret the law differently.

Republican critics of the law, such as Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, filed briefs warning that the executive was encroaching on Congress' ""law-making function"" and that the IRS interpretation ""opens the door to hundreds of billions of dollars of additional government spending.""

Hatch said Republicans would work with the states and give them the ""freedom and flexibility to create better, more competitive health insurance markets offering more options and different choices.""

In Court, Verrilli stressed that four words -- ""established by the state"" -- found in one section of the law were a term of art meant to include both state run and federally facilitated exchanges.

He argued the justices need only read the entire statute to understand Congress meant to issue subsidies to all eligible individuals enrolled in all of the exchanges.

Democratic congressmen involved in the crafting of the legislation filed briefs on behalf of the government arguing that Congress' intent was to provide insurance to as many people as possible and that the challengers' position is not consistent with the text and history of the statute.

Last week, Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell warned that if the government loses it has prepared no back up plan to ""undo the massive damage.""",1
532,Obama to propose ending sequester,"On Day 13, a video message and a meeting with media executives—but still no press conference, protective pool",1
373,Sanders says he's backing DNC chair's primary opponent,"Washington (CNN) Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders on Saturday said he supports Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Democratic opponent in her August 30 primary, adding that if he is elected president, he would effectively terminate her chairmanship of the DNC.

Sanders, whose campaign has engaged in an increasingly bitter feud with the DNC chairwoman during his presidential bid, said in an interview set to air on CNN's ""State of the Union"" that he favors Tim Canova in Florida's 23rd congressional district. Canova is supporting Sanders.

""Well, clearly, I favor her opponent,"" Sanders told Tapper. ""His views are much closer to mine than as to Wasserman Schultz's.""

On Sunday afternoon, Canova accused Wasserman Schultz of ignoring her home district's economic issues.

""In her own votes in the House of Representatives, I think she's making the problems worse,"" Canova told CNN's Fredricka Whitfield.

He also expressed doubt that his political rival could heal intra-party rifts created during the primary.

""If the Democrats come out of their convention united, it might not be because of Debbie Wasserman Schultz, but in spite of her efforts,"" he said.

Sanders sent out a fundraising email on behalf of Canova on earlier in the day.

""The political revolution is not just about electing a president, sisters and brothers. We need a Congress with members who believe, like Bernie, that we cannot change a corrupt system by taking its money,"" the email said.

Sanders also told Tapper that if he's elected president, he wouldn't reappoint Wasserman Schultz to head the DNC.

In a response to Sanders on Saturday afternoon, Wasserman Schultz insisted she would remain neutral in the Democratic presidential race despite the Vermont senator's endorsement of her primary opponent.

""I am so proud to serve the people of Florida's 23rd district and I am confident that they know that I am an effective fighter and advocate on their behalf in Congress,"" Wasserman Schultz said. ""Even though Senator Sanders has endorsed my opponent, I remain, as I have been from the beginning, neutral in the presidential Democratic primary. I look forward to working together with him for Democratic victories in the fall.""

Sanders' campaign has long been critical of Wasserman Shultz's performance as head of the committee, claiming that the DNC has favored his presidential primary challenger, Hillary Clinton. Sanders and his supporters have complained about the nomination process and ways they believe it has helped Clinton, including debates held on Saturday nights, closed primaries in major states such as New York, and the use of superdelegates -- essentially free-agent party and union stalwarts who are overwhelmingly backing Clinton.

Canova, who teaches at Nova Southeastern University Shepard Broad College of Law in Fort Lauderdale, was asked in 2011 to serve on Sanders' Wall Street reform advisory panel.

""I'm so proud to know that Bernie Sanders favors our campaign for progress for all. Like Sen. Sanders, I'm running a campaign that's truly backed by the people, not big corporations -- one that stands up to Wall Street interests instead of cozying up to them,"" Canova told CNN in a statement Saturday. ""Together, I feel confident that our campaign of nurses, teachers, students, seniors and working-class Floridians can work together to demand accountability from our leaders, and offer a more positive path forward to the people of Florida's 23rd district.""

While Sanders has a strong ability to raise money and thus could impact the race, he did not fare well in Wasserman Schultz's congressional district during the March Florida presidential primary, scoring 30.1% of the vote compared with Clinton's 68%.

""We can have a long conversation about Debbie Wasserman Schultz just about how she's been throwing shade on the Sanders campaign from the very beginning,"" Weaver told CNN's Chris Cuomo on ""New Day.""

""It's not the DNC,"" Weaver added. ""By and large, people in the DNC have been good to us. Debbie Wasserman Schultz really is the exception.""

Wasserman Schultz has pushed back against Sanders' accusation that the party had rigged the system against him.

""We've had the same rules in place that elected Barack Obama. These rules were adopted for state parties all across the country in 2014,"" she said earlier this week.

Asked about the ""throwing shade"" line on Wednesday, Wasserman Schultz told CNN's Wolf Blitzer, ""My response to that is hashtag SMH (shake my head).""

Sanders also said it is ""absurd"" that superdelegates began supporting Clinton even before she had a competitor.

""There's something absurd that I get 46% of the delegates that come from real contests, real elections, and 7% of the superdelegates,"" he told Tapper. ""Some 400 of Hillary Clinton's superdelegates came on board her campaign before anybody else announced. It was anointment. And that is bad for the process.""

Sanders, who has frequently cited polls saying he does better than Clinton in a matchup against Trump, also said there's ""a good chance"" the former secretary of state can beat the presumptive Republican nominee.

""I'm not saying she cannot beat Donald Trump. I think she can. I think there's a good chance she can,"" the Vermont senator said. ""(But) I am the stronger candidate because we appeal to independents -- people who are not in love with either the Democratic or the Republican Party, often for very good reasons.""",1
4967,Trump doubles down in naming a combative true believer as campaign chief,"At the lowest point of Donald Trump’s quest for the presidency, the Republican nominee might have brought in a political handyman to sand his edges. Instead, he put his campaign in the hands of a true believer who promises to amplify the GOP nominee’s nationalist message and reinforce his populist impulses.

“Steve Bannon is a fighter’s fighter. He is somebody who wants to be the first boots on the beach. In the military, it’s called the tip of the spear,” said David Bossie, a conservative activist. It was Bossie who five years ago introduced Trump to Bannon, the top executive of the new media clarion of the establishment-­loathing right, Breitbart News.

Breitbart has since become a champion of Trump’s candidacy — in large part because Stephen K. Bannon himself believes it represents a cause much bigger than a political campaign. Bannon sees Trumpism as part of a global movement that will continue, no matter who is sitting in the Oval Office next January, those close to him say.

Last September, when hardly anyone else on this side of the Atlantic was taking the prospect of a British exit from the European Union seriously, Bannon invited influential Republican leaders to a dinner for Nigel Farage, the head of the UK Independence Party, at the Capitol Hill townhouse known as the “Breitbart Embassy.”

Bossie and others hailed Bannon’s pick as a sign that Trump, whose campaign has wobbled since the GOP convention, will return to the messages that won him the Republican nomination.

“It’s been frustrating that the campaign is not as vibrant and agile as we thought it could be at this stage,” Bossie said. “Steve is all action, action, action.”

Democrats saw a darker, more divisive turn in the selection of Bannon to hold the new title of chief executive.

Robby Mook, campaign manager for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, told reporters on Wednesday: “We absolutely expect, with this change, for Donald Trump and the campaign as a whole to double down on more conspiracy theories, more hateful rhetoric, more wild accusations.”

Mook also called Breitbart News a “divisive, at times racist, anti-Muslim conspiracy news site,” citing a report earlier this year by the Southern Poverty Law Center, a legal advocacy organization.

One headline last October dubbed Bannon “the most dangerous political operative in America.”

In that Bloomberg News article, Joshua Green reported that Andrew Breitbart, the late founder of the site, had “described Bannon, with sincere admiration, as the Leni Riefenstahl of the Tea Party movement,” a reference to the infamous and glamorous maker of Third Reich propaganda films.

Moviemaking has been one of the many chapters of Bannon’s career, which had previously included four years aboard a Navy destroyer, a post-MBA stint with Goldman Sachs, and founding an investment firm specializing in media.

In one particularly felicitous deal, Bannon’s fee included an early stake in “Seinfeld,” the residuals of which alone would turn out to be enough to make him wealthy.

Along the way, he developed a worldview remarkably in tune with what is now regarded as Trumpism: suspicious of free trade and liberal immigration policies, wary of military adventurism, and contemptuous of the old order.

Bannon grew up in a working-class Democratic family in Norfolk, Va. He has attributed his disillusionment with the Democrats to his years in the Navy under Jimmy Carter as commander in chief, and said his experience running businesses in Asia while George W. Bush was president convinced him that establishment Republicans were no better.

Bannon met Andrew Breitbart at a Beverly Hills screening of a 2004 Bannon-produced documentary on Ronald Reagan.

“We screened the film at a festival in Beverly Hills,” Bannon told Bloomberg’s Green, “and out of the crowd comes this, like, bear who’s squeezing me like my head’s going to blow up and saying how we’ve gotta take back the culture.”

At the time, Breitbart was trying to get his own website going, after having been an editor for the conservative aggregator Matt Drudge and a researcher for Arianna Huffington’s left-leaning Huffington Post. Bannon signed on to Breitbart’s new venture.

After Breitbart’s death from heart failure in 2012, Bannon vowed to carry on his vision by building a global operation of “real hell fighters.”

His operation has a more wonkish side as well, in the form of the nonprofit Government Ac­count­ability Institute, which pro­duced the best-selling book “Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Govern­ments and Business Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich.”

Trump was not the first po­tential president to catch Bannon’s eye.

In 2011, Bannon released a two-hour documentary about Sarah Palin called “The Undefeated,” attempting to reshape the way that voters and the media viewed the former candidate for vice president.

“The reason she draws this kind of fire is that she is an existential threat to the establishment,” Bannon told Fox News’s Sean Hannity during the film’s promotional tour. “The vested interests in our country are scared to death of her.”

While Palin dithered about whether to run for president, the documentary flopped, grossing $116,381. But Bannon remained convinced that the GOP was ripe for a populist takeover. That, say former employees of the site, was what set up the site’s aggressive coverage of illegal immigration, and what turned into the most pro-Trump news source.

In March 2014, after BuzzFeed’s McKay Coppins ran an unflattering report on what happened after traveling with Trump’s “fake” presidential campaign, Breitbart published a series of stories in which Trump allies attacked the reporter. “This nervous geek isn’t fit to tie the Donald’s wing tips,” Palin said, defending Trump against Coppins.

When Trump became a candidate for president, the relationship deepened, and the billionaire frequently made himself available to break news on his race.

He went to Breitbart to mock Jeb Bush for speaking Spanish and to attack Republicans for “folding” on trade. In a typical interview, conducted in November, Bannon joked that he himself had gone to “the poet’s version of business school — Harvard,” and he helped Trump dump criticism on the Republicans’ “consultant class.”

Former employees of Breitbart describe a work environment that mirrors the Trump campaign. Reporters who couldn’t break or match news were chewed out with profanities; reporters on his good side were drawn into a hypercompetitive battle to own the news.

All were encouraged to sign contracts with strict nondisclosure agreements. Several described Bannon pushing reluctant reporters onto stories by telling them: “I didn’t get where I am by being a Boy Scout.”

In March 2016, after Trump won Florida and held a news conference, Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields tried to ask Trump’s then-campaign manager Corey Lewandowski a question and was pushed aside.

Chat logs later obtained by BuzzFeed revealed that Breitbart leadership wanted Fields to lay off the story and for members of the team to avoid tweeting about it. Fields quit, followed by several Breitbart staffers, including longtime editor-at-large Ben Shapiro.

“He’ll tell Trump he’s doing a fantastic job even if he isn’t,” Shapiro wrote Wednesday on his new site, The Daily Wire. “That’s how Bannon Svengalis political figures and investors — by investing them in his personal genius, then hollowing them out from the inside. There’s a reason Sarah Palin went from legitimate political figure to parody artist to Trump endorser, with Steve Bannon standing alongside her every step of the way.”

“A lot of the people that you like and respect have targets on their backs as a result of Bannon’s ascent to the top,” wrote Ben Howe, an editor at the conservative blog Red State who had spoken out against Trump. “You have no idea how dangerous this man is. It is going to be score settling time for him if Trump wins. “

“If Donald Trump won the election, and Steve Bannon were his chief of staff, I would have legitimate fears about the use of government power to come after political enemies,” Shapiro said. “I don’t think Steve Bannon has principles.”

But a current employee of Breitbart, who had not been authorized to speak for the record, disputed that characterization of his boss: “What he does is he gets the best out of people.”

That, it would appear, is what Trump is hoping, as well.",1
2906,US faces calls to ‘walk away’ from Iran talks,"A leading Republican critic of the Iranian nuclear talks is calling on the U.S. to ""walk away"" from the table after negotiators missed a key deadline, while other lawmakers joined in voicing concern that Iran could extract critical final-hour concessions in the scramble to salvage an agreement.

Negotiations resumed in Switzerland on Wednesday but were almost immediately beset by competing claims, just hours after diplomats abandoned a March 31 deadline to reach the outline of a deal and agreed to press on. And as the latest round hit the week mark, three of the six foreign ministers involved left the talks with prospects for agreement remaining uncertain.

Amid the confusion, Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., told Fox News he's concerned the framework of a deal could allow Iran keep its uranium stockpiles and continue to enrich uranium in an underground bunker.

""You have to be willing to walk away from the table and to reapply leverage to Iran,"" Cotton said. ""And the fact that they're not willing to do that, that we're still sitting in Switzerland negotiating when three of our negotiating partners have already left just demonstrates to Iran that they can continue to demand dangerous concessions from the West.""

Speaking on MSNBC, former Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean seemed to agree. He said that while President Obama is ""right"" to seek a deal, it might be time to ""step away"" from the table and make clear that the U.S. is not backing off key positions -- including on Iran's uranium stockpile and the pace of sanctions relief.

""I am worried about this,"" Dean said.

Rep. Martha McSally, R-Ariz., also told Fox News ""we're potentially [legitimizing] them having a nuclear infrastructure."" She added: ""We don't know exactly what's behind closed doors.""

Despite all sides agreeing to blow by their deadline in pursuit of a rough agreement, even the White House threatened to abandon the talks if Iran wouldn't budge.

""If they're unwilling to make those kinds of commitments that give us that assurance -- and by us I mean not just the United States, I mean the international community -- then we'll have to walk away from the negotiating table and consider what other options may be available to us, and there is certainly the possibility that that could happen,"" White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Tuesday.

Earnest indicated Wednesday that's still an option but called the scenario ""hypothetical"" as talks are ""making some progress."" He said talks continue to be ""productive"" but that ""we have not yet received the specific, tangible commitments we and the international community require.""

On Tuesday, negotiators had been trying to agree to simply a joint statement that could justify talks continuing until a final June deadline.

Iran's deputy foreign minister, Abbas Araghchi, told reporters that if the sides make progress on the text of a joint statement, then that could be issued by the end of the day. But he suggested the statement would contain no specifics.

A senior western official quickly pushed back, saying that nothing about a statement had been decided and that Iran's negotiating partners would not accept a document that contained no details.

The German Foreign Ministry tweeted that ""nothing is agreed,"" although ""progress is visible.""

Araghchi named differences on sanctions relief on his country as one dispute, along with disputes on Iran's uranium enrichment-related research and development.

""Definitely our research and development program on high-end centrifuges should continue,"" he told Iranian television.

The U.S. and its negotiating partners want to crimp Iranian efforts to improve the performance of centrifuges that enrich uranium because advancing the technology could let Iran produce material that could be used to arm a nuclear weapon much more quickly than at present.

The exchanges reflected significant gaps between the sides, and came shortly after the end of the first post-deadline meeting between U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, his British and German counterparts and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammed Javad Zarif in the Swiss town of Lausanne. They and their teams were continuing a marathon effort to bridge still significant gaps and hammer out a framework accord that would serve as the basis for a final agreement by the end of June.

Eager to avoid a collapse in the discussions, the United States and others claimed late Tuesday that enough progress had been made to warrant an extension after six days of intense bartering. But the foreign ministers of China, France and Russia all departed Lausanne overnight, although the significance of their absence was not clear.

Kerry postponed his planned Tuesday departure to stay in Lausanne, and an Iranian negotiator said his team would stay ""as long as necessary"" to clear the remaining hurdles.

Officials say their intention is to produce a joint statement outlining general political commitments to resolving concerns about Iran's nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. In addition, they are trying to fashion other documents that would lay out in more detail the steps they must take by June 30 to meet those goals.

The additional documents would allow the sides to make the case that the next round of talks will not simply be a continuation of negotiations that have already been twice extended since an interim agreement between Iran, the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany was concluded in November 2013. Obama and other leaders, including Iran's, have said they are not interested in a third extension.

But if the parties agree only to a broad framework that leaves key details unresolved, Obama can expect stiff opposition at home from members of Congress who want to move forward with new, stiffer Iran sanctions. Lawmakers had agreed to hold off on such a measure through March while the parties negotiated. The White House says new sanctions would scuttle further diplomatic efforts to contain Iran's nuclear work and possibly lead Israel to act on threats to use military force to accomplish that goal.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu continued to question the course of talks on Wednesday.

He said Iran views Israel's destruction as non-negotiable, ""but evidently giving Iran's murderous regime a clear path to the bomb is negotiable. This is unconscionable,"" he said. ""At the same time, Iran is accelerating its campaign of terror, subjugation and conquest throughout the region, most recently in Yemen.""

Netanyahu said a better deal would ""significantly roll back Iran's nuclear infrastructure"" and link a lifting of restrictions on its nuclear program to ""a change in Iran's behavior.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
306,A monumental test for Boehner,Top Dems want White House to call off Part B demo — The next cancer drug shortage,1
1554,Sanders campaign sues DNC after database breach,"Washington (CNN) Bernie Sanders' campaign on Friday sued the Democratic National Committee in federal court after the party organization withheld the campaign's access to a crucial voter database.

The internal warfare exploded after the DNC cut off Sanders from the database and said the Vermont senator's presidential campaign exploited a software error to improperly access confidential voter information collected by Hillary Clinton's team.

The revelation poses a setback for Sanders, who is mounting a liberal challenge to the former secretary of state. The DNC database is a goldmine of information about voters and being blocked from it could complicate Sanders' outreach efforts. The timing is also challenging, just weeks before Clinton and Sanders are slated to compete in the Iowa caucuses.

And coming the day before a Democratic debate, the developments fueled a long-held belief in the Sanders camp and among his allies that the DNC has stacked the deck in favor of Clinton.

At a press conference in Washington on Friday, Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver accused the DNC of trying to sabotage the campaign.

""The DNC, in an inappropriate overreaction, has denied us access to our own data,"" Weaver said. ""In other words, the leadership of the Democratic National Committee is actively trying to undermine our campaign.""

Two senior Democrats familiar with the program and the investigation told CNN that the Sanders campaign accessed turnout projections for Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary, a key piece of strategy the Clinton campaign has been working on with modeling and analytics.

The Sanders team, which consisted of four people, ran multiple searches in Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, South Carolina and about 10 March states, including Florida and Colorado. In Iowa and New Hampshire, the Clinton campaign has ranked voters on a scale of 1-100 for turnout, enthusiasm and support, the senior Democrats said. The Sanders campaign ran two searches: ""Show me all the Clinton people rated higher than 60"" and ""Show me all the people rated less than 30."" This would be a key way of knowing who Sanders should target in the final weeks before voting: Ignore those above 60, while focus on those below 30, because they are looking for a Clinton alternative and might be open to Sanders.

The investigation into what information was lifted should only take a few days as there are audit logs and trails of the activity, which took place beginning around 10:40 a.m. and lasting for about 40 minutes, the senior Democrats said.

They added that the Clinton campaign views this as a big deal but will not say so publicly because it will fan the flames of liberal groups trying to fight with the DNC.

In a statement released Friday afternoon, the Clinton campaign called for the Sanders campaign and the DNC to ""work expeditiously to ensure that our data is not in the Sanders campaign's account and that the Sanders campaign only have access to their own data.""

At Friday's press conference, Weaver said, ""The DNC is clearly acting in a heavy-handed way, in an unprecendented way. I would like to see another instance where a presidential campaign had their data -- their own data -- withheld under similar circumstances.""

The Sanders campaign sought an injunction against the DNC Friday afternoon, claiming irreparable harm and seeking immediate access to the voter file system. A campaign aide said earlier Friday that there was no expectation the DNC would grant access before the close of business Friday.

Weaver said the original problem with the database's security, which did not involve the current database access company NGP VAN, dated back to October.

""We were very concerned that large amounts of our own data was being downloaded and we contacted the DNC to remedy the situation,"" he said. ""We talked to them and we were assured that this was going to be taken care of. But apparently they are not competent in terms of maintaining the security of their data between the campaigns.""

The DNC, however, had a very different story.

Shortly after Weaver's press conference, DNC chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz said suspending the Sanders' campaign's access was the only way to ensure the voter file was properly safeguarded.

""That is the only way that we can make sure that we can protect our significant asset that is the voter file and its integrity,"" Wasserman Schultz said on CNN.

She said ""multiple staffers"" from the Sanders campaign downloaded information that they did not have the right to collect.

""They not only viewed it, but they exported it and they downloaded it,"" Wasserman Schultz told CNN's Wolf Blitzer. ""We don't know the depth of what they actually viewed and downloaded. We have to make sure that they did not manipulate the information.""

She added, ""That is just like if you walked into someone's home when the door was unlocked and took things that don't belong to you in order to use them for your own benefit. That's inappropriate. Unacceptable.""

The DNC also sent out a strongly worded message from Wasserman Schultz to its members accusing the Sanders campaign of improper conduct.

""Over the course of approximately 45 minutes, staffers of the Bernie Sanders campaign inappropriately accessed voter targeting data belonging to the Hillary Clinton campaign,"" Wasserman Schultz said in the message.

""Once the DNC became aware that the Sanders campaign had inappropriately and systematically accessed Clinton campaign data, and in doing so violated the agreement that all the presidential campaigns have signed with the DNC, as the agreement provides, we directed NGP VAN [the vendor that supplies access to the database] to suspend the Sanders campaign's access to the system until the DNC is provided with a full accounting of whether or not this information was used and the way in which it was disposed,"" she added.

""We knew there was a security breach in the data, and we were just trying to understand it and what was happening,"" Uretsky said.

He said that none of the data the Sanders campaign accessed on Wednesday ""left the system that day"" and denied that he or his staff ""downloaded any individual level voter file data.""

Uretsky said he and his team downloaded only phone numbers but did so to alert the DNC and NGP VAN that the Sanders campaign was aware the campaigns' voter info in the DNC database wasn't being properly protected.

""We knew that what we were doing was being recorded,"" he told CNN. ""We didn't try to be sneaky at all. They can argue that we shouldn't have done it but we did not in any way try to deceive them. We created the records of it having been done and we did not make any attempt to use it for strategic purposes.""

Ethan Roeder, Barack Obama's data director in 2008 and 2012, said the biggest problem created by being barred from the database is the fact that Sanders' volunteers will not be able to use the voter file to make calls and knock on doors for at least the next few days.

""I think the pain is compounded each additional day that they don't have access to the file,"" Roeder said. ""It definitely has an impact on their operations. Especially as close as we are to caucuses and primaries, it becomes a serious problem.""

NGP VAN, the database vendor, issued a statement Friday saying the DNC had instructed the company to remove the Sanders campaign's access to the database.

""We are confident at this point that no campaigns have access to or have retained any voter file data of any other clients; with one possible exception, one of the presidential campaigns,"" the company said, adding that it was investigating the breach and would report back to the DNC.

Sanders supporters and liberal groups have reacted to the news of Sanders' campaign being punished by questioning the neutrality of the DNC, hinting that the body is in the tank for Clinton.

""The Democratic National Committee's decision to attack the campaign that figured out the problem, rather than go after the vendor that made the mistake, is profoundly damaging to the party's Democratic process,"" said Charles Chamberlain, executive director of Democracy for America, a liberal group that endorsed Sanders this week.

""DNC leaders should immediately reverse this disturbing decision before the committee does even more to bring its neutrality in the race for President into question,"" he added.

Weaver, the Sanders campaign manager, said of the DNC, ""In this case, it looks like they are trying to help the Clinton campaign.""

""We are taking on the establishment and I'm sure there are people within the Democratic establishment who are not happy about the overwhelming success that Bernie Sanders is having all across this country,"" he added. ""But we are determined to win this campaign and we're going to win this campaign by talking about the issues that are important to the American people. To do that we are going to need our data, which has been stolen by the DNC.""",1
3036,Pundits and presidents complain about polarization. But it may be the sign of a healthy democracy.,"Americans tend to assume that polarization is bad for democracy. It is supposed to undermine compromise and contribute to gridlock. It’s furthermore thought to be linked to growing inequality.

But when we talk about polarization, we are usually talking about Congress and political elites. Ordinary citizens show very little polarization.

In a new article, we argue that this lack of polarization among the public isn’t necessarily a good thing. Indeed, it might be a sign of serious democratic failure.

Why does polarization decrease when there’s more economic inequality?

First, take a look at this puzzling graph. If we look at advanced democracies, we find that income inequality has a negative relationship with polarization (which we measure as the share of the population who think of themselves as being non-centrist on a scale of left to right). In general, as inequality increases, polarization decreases (and vice-versa).

This is surprising. When income inequality is higher, we would expect people to disagree more about issues such as government spending and redistribution (which we know are closely associated with whether people view themselves as being on the left or on the right).

Looking at the data more closely shows that the median member of the public tends to be further to the right when income is more unequal. Again, this is unexpected. Because the distribution of income favors the rich everywhere, the mean income is higher than the median (it is pulled up by those with very high incomes). If the majority are well-informed and self-interested, you would expect them to want more redistribution when inequality rises. Just the opposite is true. Why?

We think it’s because most people don’t examine public policies closely — and so drift to the center by default

We argue that the answer to these puzzles involves information. People are often not well-informed about politics, and they few have reason to be. Public policies affect large numbers of people, but as individuals we don’t have much power to change these policies, so why spend valuable time acquiring information about them?

As it turns out, this simple fact (sometimes called “rational ignorance”) has implications for polarization. The reason is that uninformed voters tend to place themselves in the center of the political space, which they see as “safe” compared to more extreme options.

Imagine that a voter can pick a left, center or right party, but doesn’t have enough information to know which has the best economic policy given her interests. She just assumes that there’s an equal chance that each of these parties has the best policy. The best strategy (if she doesn’t have much information) is to pick the center party, since it may actually have the best policy, and even it doesn’t, its policy is more likely to be closer to the best policy than either of the other two, because it’s located between them (for a step-by-step derivation see the original paper). This logic also applies to ideological self-placement, and we refer to it as the centrist bias.

The more people know, the less centrist they become

The centrist bias dissipates as people acquire information. Those whose interests would dispose them to identify with the center will still do so, but those who we might expect to identify with the left or the right will move away from the center. Information breeds polarization. So one way to think about why some countries have more non-centrist voters is to ask how and why voters acquire political information.

Most people get information through groups and networks — like unions, families or co-workers

We argue that most people get information through the groups and networks they belong to. One such group is unions, although unions, like other formal groups, have declined in importance in most societies. Unions often expose their members to political messages, and they also sometimes engage their members in political discussion.

When discussion is involved – say, when a union official brings up political issues around the workplace lunch table – it pushes people to look for information from papers, TV, the Internet and so on.

This logic also applies to political discussion in social networks of family, friends, neighbors and co-workers. People are more likely to acquire political information when others around them care about such information and are evaluating them in part based on whether they seem well informed. Needless to say, it is easier for well-educated people to acquire political information, so educated people tend to respond more effectively to such social incentives.

So who tends to be well-informed?

This has partisan implications. Those with higher incomes tend to have better education and be better integrated into social networks with a lot of political discussion. These people are the natural constituents of center-right parties, which means that the centrist bias is less pronounced for the right.

Yet the extent to which this is true varies across time and space. Many different factors — union membership, membership in social networks with political discussion, and education — are associated with higher levels of information and therefore also with ideological polarization.

In countries with strong unions, the centrist and right biases are less pronounced. The same is true in countries with good public education systems and more pervasive informal discussion networks. The figure below shows the relationship between the frequency of political discussion in social networks and ideological polarization. The political discussion taking place at Parisian street cafes really does matter, and so does a blog like this! We should not be surprised.

Some public policies can lead to more or less general knowledge and public discussion — and therefore, whether there’s an informed left

This implies that countries with certain institutions and policies — strong unions, heavy investment in public education, and extensive social networks — end up with more politically informed electorates which are also more ideologically polarized and left-leaning than countries where these institutions are less well developed.

At the same time, unions, public education and network integration promote income equality for reasons that are well understood in economics.

Together this provides a plausible explanation for the pattern showed in our first graph, where there is a negative relationship between inequality and polarization.

Because governments of the left and right affect the income distribution though public policies — most obviously through redistribution and public education — these relationships may be self-reinforcing, producing distinct “varieties” of democracies. From this perspective, polarization may in fact be a sign of a well-functioning democracy — one that has well-informed electorates and governments that support the majority’s interests in pushing back against rising inequality.

Torben Iversen is the Harold Hitchings Burbank Professor of Political Economy in the department of government at Harvard University’.

David Soskice is a professor in the department of government at the London School of Economics.",1
2782,Obama again delays Afghanistan troop drawdown,"Washington (CNN) President Barack Obama announced Thursday that U.S. forces will remain in Afghanistan at their current levels throughout much of 2016, yet another delay in their scheduled withdrawal and an acknowledgment that America's longest war won't be concluded on his watch.

Obama campaigned as the president who would end two wars, and Thursday's decision was a major political reversal that jeopardizes a cornerstone of his legacy. Taliban gains in Afghanistan and appeals from Kabul for ongoing U.S. assistance contributed to postponing the troop withdrawal and underscored Obama's continuing difficulty in fulfilling his intention to remove all American forces by the time he leaves office.

On Thursday, however, he told reporters at the White House that he wasn't disappointed at having to make the announcement that plans for the withdrawal had been put on hold. Instead, he said, his job was to make necessary adjustments given events on the ground.

He also stressed that the formal combat mission there has ended, and that he is a president who does ""not support the idea of endless war."" He ended the Iraq war and removed American troops there in 2011.

The plan announced Thursday keeps 9,800 U.S. troops in Afghanistan before an anticipated drawdown to around 5,500 by the time Obama leaves office. The troop's mission will remain the same, Obama emphasized -- to train and support Afghan security forces and carry out counterterrorism operations.

Obama began his announcement by highlighting U.S. gains in Afghanistan and noted that the Afghan government and its security forces are now ""fully responsible for securing their country."" But he also said that the U.S. still needs to bolster those forces to maintain the progress achieved and because ""it's the right thing to do.""

""While America's combat mission in Afghanistan may be over, our commitment to Afghanistan and and its people endures,"" Obama said from the Roosevelt Room. ""As commander in chief, I will not allow Afghanistan to be used as a safe haven for terrorists to attack our nation again.""

Obama stressed that the decision to maintain 9,800 troops in Afghanistan until late 2016 came after months of discussions with Afghanistan's president, Ashraf Ghani, and the nation's chief executive officer, Abdullah Abdullah -- a nod to the fact that the U.S. is maintaining a presence in the country with the support of its leaders, unlike in Iraq, where the Obama administration could not reach an agreement with the Iraqi government on leaving a residual military force.

""The decision to maintain the current level of the United States' forces in Afghanistan once again shows renewal of the partnership and strengthening of relations of the United States with Afghanistan on the basis of common interests and risks,"" he said.

NATO also welcomed the move, saying in a statement that it ""paves the way for a sustained presence"" in Afghanistan for the organization and its allies.

Obama also noted that he had consulted with U.S. military commanders on the ground in Afghanistan as well as his entire national security team before deciding to maintain the current troop level.

White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest later told reporters that Obama chose to go with the Pentagon's greatest suggested number of troops.

""The highest recommendation that came into the President was the level that the President announced today,"" he said.

Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said in a news conference Thursday that while the fight in Afghanistan ""remains a difficult fight,"" the adjusted force numbers will ensure that the U.S. can carry out its mission and help Afghans confront the continued challenge posed by the Taliban.

""Today's decision from the president to adjust our troop presence in Afghanistan honors that sacrifice (of U.S. troops) and gives us a chance to finish what we started,"" Carter said at the Pentagon.

The decision comes on the heels of recent Taliban gains in Afghanistan, notably the militant group's takeover of Kunduz, the first major city to fall to Taliban hands since 2001. Two weeks later, the Taliban pulled out of the city -- but the incident sent ripples through Afghanistan and shook Washington.

Obama noted as much when he said that while Afghan forces are ""taking the lead"" and fighting ""bravely and tenaciously,"" those forces ""are still not as strong as they need to be.""

The U.S. plan is to now maintain 5,500 U.S. military personnel in Afghanistan after a drawdown set to take place in late 2016 or early 2017, more than five times the number of troops previously set to remain in the country at the start of 2017. Only about 1,000 troops had previously been set to remain in Afghanistan at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul.

Obama said the 5,500 troops post-drawdown would be based at the U.S. embassy and at military bases in Baghram, Jalalabad and Kandahar.

Carter said the Pentagon viewed that figure as ""enough"" to sustain the U.S. mission and accomplish the two-pronged goal of assisting the Afghan security forces and carrying out counterterror missions.

Though the decision clearly was a break from the game plan he had laid out and pitched to the American public, on Thursday he downplayed any suggestion that the delay in the withdrawal was a major setback.

Obama said the decision was not ""disappointing"" and said his mission has consistently been to ""assess the situation on the ground"" and make adjustments as necessary.

""This is not the first time those adjustments have been made,"" Obama said. ""This won't probably be the last.""

While Obama highlighted the sacrifices of the Afghan people and American forces who have circulated in and out of the war-torn country for more than 14 years of U.S. operations, Obama stressed that casualties are down overall and that U.S. troops will not be heading back into combat.

""The nature of the mission has not changed and the cessation of our combat role has not changed,"" Obama said.

Still, speaking to the American service members who will need to deploy to Afghanistan, he said: ""I do not send you into harm's way lightly.""

This is the second draw-down delay announced by Obama this year. In March, Obama said he planned to reduce U.S. forces in Afghanistan 5,500 U.S. military personnel by the end of this year, and then to an ""embassy-only"" presence by the end of 2016.

""The timeline for a withdrawal down to a embassy center presence, a normalization of our presence in Afghanistan, remains the end of 2016,"" Obama said in a joint press conference with Ghani last March.

Administration officials stressed U.S. military personnel in Afghanistan would continue to serve under two missions -- to root out remnants of al Qaeda as well as train and equip Afghan security forces. U.S. forces could also conduct counterterrorism operations against elements of ISIS in Afghanistan, should the group present a threat to the U.S. homeland, senior administration officials added.

The original White House goal was to hand over the counterterrorism side of the U.S. mission to Afghan security forces this year.

""It's in our interest to build up the Afghan security forces,"" said a senior administration official.

The estimated annual cost of maintaining current U.S. force levels in Afghanistan is $14.6 billion, a separate senior administration official said.

Obama had previously vowed to conclude the U.S. commitment in Afghanistan before he leaving office.

""We will bring America's longest war to a responsible end,"" Obama said at a Rose Garden ceremony in May 2014.

Retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona, a CNN military analyst and former intelligence officer, said Obama's decision is simply ""kicking this can down the road"" for the next president. Obama will be out of office by the time troops are set to be drawn down again.

""This is this administration pushing this off to the next administration because the next time they have to make this decision, it will be a different president in the White House,"" Francona said.

Republicans who have been seeking higher U.S. troop commitments gave a lukewarm response to Obama's announcement Thursday.

""While this new plan avoids a disaster, it is certainly not a plan for success,"" House Armed Services Committee Chairman Mac Thornberry said in a statement. ""Given the troubling conditions on the ground in Afghanistan and the other security problems in the region, keeping 9,800 troops there through at least 2016 is necessary to our security interests.""",1
1478,"Boulder bash: Trump may rip Carson, but the pressure is on Jeb","Jeb Bush may have cooler things to do than mix it up in tonight’s Boulder bash, but he’d better come to play anyway.

The former governor is riding a huge wave of bad press after slashing campaign spending and sounding petulant about the campaign ordeal, telling an audience he could be doing better stuff and to “elect Trump” if they want entertainment and gridlock. It was the opposite of the joyful run he had promised, and there are even dumb, unfounded rumors that he might drop out.

So Bush not only needs a strong performance at the CNBC debate in Colorado, he needs to do well in the spin cycle that follows these faceoffs.

The Republican debates have assumed an outsize importance this year. First, there are so many candidates that they are having an unusually strong winnowing effect (remember Scott Walker?). Second, they are drawing massive audiences, 24 million and 23 million for the Fox and CNN debates.

And third, there are so few of them that each one has a Super Bowl quality. The once-a-month schedule is the brainchild of the RNC, which thought fewer debates would help the party consolidate around a front-runner. But in a cycle dominated so far by Donald Trump and Ben Carson, it’s having the opposite effect.

Jeb just hasn’t looked comfortable on stage in either debate, and now that he’s sunk to single-digit status, he’s under enormous pressure to punch his way back into contention. He knows policy inside out but his message is diffused by a diffident manner.

Trump, who no one would accuse of being low energy, will need to deal with his emboldened rivals as well as the CNBC moderators. He can’t just be seen as reciting his greatest hits on Mexico, China and our incompetent leaders. The debate’s focus, jobs and the economy, should play to his strength.

But he is trailing Carson for the first time, 26 to 22 percent in yesterday’s New York Times/CBS poll, which has a symbolic value even though it's within the margin of error. (Even more noteworthy is that 55 percent of Trump supporters in the survey said they are firmly behind their man, while 80 percent of Carson backers said it’s early and they could change their minds.)

Trump will be standing next to Carson, but attacking the doctor will call for surgical precision, and The Donald tends to favor blunt instruments.

Carson is generally overshadowed on a debate stage. He is soft-spoken, low-key, occasionally witty, but doesn’t interrupt or deliver zingers. He avoids what he calls the “mud pit.” And yet, that doesn’t seem to hurt him at all. In fact, Carson’s quiet dignity may be precisely what his fans like.

Marco Rubio has had two solid debates, but they haven’t given him much of a bump. He is drawing more attention now—Rubio is third in that CBS poll, with 8 percent—and is a better communicator than Bush in front of an audience. But with that poll rise may come tougher debate questions, perhaps including the Washington Post report that he can’t stand the Senate and so wants a promotion.

Carly Fiorina may be the best debater in the bunch, having fought her way into the CNN debate, won it hands down and then catapulted herself into the top tier. But the former CEO’s surge didn’t last, and she seemed to fade from the political conversation since the Reagan Library event. She will surely try to elbow her way back into the spotlight.

As will the others. Ted Cruz, Chris Christie, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Mike Huckabee haven’t gotten much time in the earlier debates, and they will be looking to seize a breakout moment. In a Trumpian media environment, there just aren’t many opportunities to reach the whole country.

A couple of the candidates who don’t score well in Boulder—or at the Fox Business Network event in Milwaukee on Nov. 10—may not be with us much longer. That’s why the stakes are unusually high in this third presidential debate.

Howard Kurtz is a Fox News analyst and the host of ""MediaBuzz"" (Sundays 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET). He is the author of five books and is based in Washington. Follow him at @HowardKurtz. Click here for more information on Howard Kurtz.",1
4531,Echoes of Charlie Hebdo in attack on Texas Muhammad cartoon event (+video),"Texas police killed two gunmen on Sunday after they opened fired outside the exhibit, which was hosted by a prominent anti-Islam group in a Dallas suburb.

Security officials walk around the perimeter of the Curtis Culwell Center on Sunday in Garland, Texas. A contest for cartoons of the prophet Muhammad in the Dallas suburb is on lockdown Sunday after authorities reported a shooting outside the building.

Two gunmen were killed in an attack on a cartoon contest to draw the prophet Muhammad in Garland, Texas, Sunday night – an incident and event that has invoked both January's Charlie Hebdo attacks and the anti-Muslim cartoons from Europe that sparked the controversy over Hebdo.

The gunmen reportedly drove up to the event, a ""Muhammad Art Exhibit and Cartoon Contest,"" some time before 7 p.m.  at the Curtis Culwell Center, a public event space run by the local school district. The two men opened fire on the event, wounding an unarmed security guard in the ankle, before being shot and killed by police, who were already nearby providing security.

The Associated Press reports that the bomb squad was called in to search the gunmen's bodies and their car for explosives. ""Because of the situation of what was going on today and the history of what we've been told has happened at other events like this, we are considering their car [is] possibly containing a bomb,"" Officer Joe Harn, a spokesman for the Garland Police Department, said at a news conference.

The gunmen have not yet been identified, and police say there were no credible threats made ahead of the event.

But the attack has already stirred comparisons to the deadly attack in Paris on the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, in which brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi killed 12 people, including several of the magazine's cartoonists, over its frequent depictions of the prophet Muhammad.

Indeed, yesterday's event was a direct response to one held on the same site in late January called ""Stand with the Prophet."" The Dallas Morning News reports that that January event spurred the American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI), a group led by prominent anti-Islam activist Pam Geller, to organize the cartoon contest at the same location. The AFDI is considered an extremist group by the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks extremist and hate organizations.

The event was attended Ms. Geller, who described it as an exercise of free speech, as well as prominent far-right politician Geert Wilders, head of the Dutch Freedom Party. Mr. Wilders reportedly gave the keynote speech, in which he similarly depicted anti-Muhammad imagery as a matter of free speech. ""Muhammad fought and terrorized people with the swords. Today, here in Garland, we fight Muhammad and his followers with the pen. And the pen, the drawings, will prove mightier than the sword,"" he said.

But as The Christian Science Monitor reported during the aftermath of the Hebdo attacks, the Muhammad cartoon controversies over the past decade or so were not simply exercises of free speech, but were also deeply rooted in anti-Islamic sentiments. They first peaked in Denmark, and were given loudest voice by Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten (JP), which routinely railed against Islam and its adherents.

It was JP that organized the first Muhammad cartoons, as ""part of the provocative local anti-Muslim campaign sweeping Denmark, not a statement about free speech.""

The Muhammad cartoon crisis actually began with Kare Bluitgen, a Danish Marxist author who is avowedly secular and anti-Islam. Mr. Bluitgen wanted to illustrate a children’s book on Islam that would depict the face of Muhammad, something that is offensive to orthodox Muslims. According to a 2005 Danish wire story, Bluitgen commented at a dinner party that Danish artists were afraid to draw the prophet. The story was an overnight sensation. In fact, after the dust settled, only one illustrator was ever found who refused to take on Bluitgen’s book project. Yet based on the wire story, the JP cultural editor, Mr. Rose, decided to test Danes' self-censorship. On a Wednesday, he issued an invitation to Danish cartoonists (not illustrators, about whom Bluitgen complained) to draw Muhammad “as you see him.” By Friday, 12 of Denmark's 25 working cartoonists responded with images. They were published in the paper on Sept. 30, 2005, next to an editorial titled “The Threat of Darkness.” The cartoons were not uniformly anti-Muslim. Because of JP's reputation for Islam-bashing, several of the 12 cartoons actually made fun of the campaign, one calling it a ""PR stunt."" Another showed a Muslim migrant schoolboy in Denmark called “Muhammad” pointing to a blackboard with the words, “The editorial team of Jyllands-Posten is a bunch of reactionary provocateurs.”  In retrospect, Hervik argues, the Danish cartoons picked up by Charlie Hebdo were always intended to be part of the provocative local anti-Muslim campaign sweeping Denmark, not a statement about free speech.",1
4616,One of this election's bright spots: early voting,"In some states, two-thirds of voters have turned in their ballots. The surge suggests Americans particularly value their role in the electoral process when stakes are high.

Voters wait to cast their ballot at a satellite polling station in Las Vegas on Nov. 2. Early voter turnout is set to hit record highs this year as more Americans than ever head to the polls ahead of Election Day, experts say.

Every Election Day for as long as he can remember, Angel Del Carpio would head to the polls and cast his vote.

He did it when he lived in California and New York. Now a resident of Nevada – a closely watched swing state – Mr. Del Carpio decided to make an early appearance this year. The Wednesday before the election, the retired hairdresser drove to The Boulevard Mall, about three miles east of The Strip, to vote at a polling station set up inside.

He walked away proud, having done his civic duty.

“I did my part,” says Del Carpio, holding up his “I voted” sticker. “It’s very important because our vote is what’s going to save this country.”

“And it’s very convenient,” he says about voting early.

Del Carpio's ballot is one of more than 34 million already cast ahead of the election this year via in-person, mail-in, or absentee ballots. The figure is on its way to topping 50 million and setting a record for votes cast before Election Day, according to the Pew Research Center.

Early voter turnout remains a questionable indicator of victory. But the surge in early voting may suggest that Americans continue to value their role in the electoral process, particularly when they perceive that the stakes are high, political analysts say. And voters are eager to take advantage of ways that make it easier for them to play their part, they add.

“People want to choose the most convenient thing, especially if they’re anticipating long lines” on Election Day, says David Damore, professor of political science at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.

In this election in particular, he says, Democrats and Republicans alike tend to see a win for the other side as an existential threat. “The importance of the outcome looms over most people,” Dr. Damore says. “That may not fire enthusiasm, but it becomes important to people to participate.”

As voting options expand, the percentage of voters nationwide casting their ballots early have soared from about 11 percent in 1996 to 33 percent in 2012, Pew reports. Data for 2016 suggests the trend will hold. In states such as Nevada and Colorado, nearly half the total electorate had already cast their votes five days before the election, says Paul Gronke, founder and director of the Early Voting Information Center at Reed College in Portland, Ore. In Tennessee and Arizona, nearly two thirds have turned in their ballots.

“That’s the biggest story, the earliness,” Professor Gronke says. His theory as to why is somewhat less optimistic: “People are very unhappy with this campaign. They want to get it over with.”

The notion of casting ballots ahead of Election Day has been around since the Civil War, when Republicans – in an effort to secure the soldier vote for Abraham Lincoln – pushed for legislation to allow servicemen to cast their vote while away from their home states.

Early voting for convenience, however, took shape only in the 1970s: first when Congress passed a law allowing overseas voters without legal homes in the US to mail in their ballots, and then when California introduced a “no-excuses” law that let any registered voter cast an absentee ballot. By the 1980s, Oregon had adopted the country’s first vote-by-mail election system, sending registered voters ballots that they could either mail in or drop off in person.

Today, 37 states and the District of Columbia allow some form of early voting.

The shift makes sense, says Dan Schnur, director of the Jesse M. Unruh Institute of Politics at the University of Southern California. The democratic ideal is to make it as easy as possible for people to participate, he says. In an earlier era, that meant face-to-face communication at an appointed time and place.

“You don’t have to go to your bank to withdraw money. You don’t have to harvest your food before dinner,” he says. “Even without crossing the divide into online voting – which is an idea of debatable value – there’s no reason in the world that a voter should be required to cast their ballot at a single precinct location.”

For some Las Vegas voters, the expansion of early voting – and laws that require employers to give workers time to vote – provides a chance to reaffirm their role in the democratic process.

“We’re fortunate to get to do it on the clock,” says Belinda, a hotel employee who declined to give her last name. She and two of her coworkers had arrived at a polling station about a mile off The Strip on a charter bus that takes hotel workers to and from the site.

“It makes a big difference,” she says. “Our voices are being heard.”

Some say the main draw is the luxury of getting in their ballots minus the hassle of Election Day crowds – particularly in a race as volatile as this one.

“With everybody split up the way they are, the country’s going to be crazy” come Nov. 8, says Timothy Salmon, a father and video producer, as he left a satellite polling station in the parking lot of a local shopping center. Except for work, he says, “I don’t want to go out that day.”

For others, the chance to vote early simply means an easy way to fulfill a sense of obligation. After all, voters had only to go online to find the site closest to their home or workplace.

“It was very fast. I thought it was going to be more difficult,” says Raul Sanchez, who plays in a mariachi band. Though in his 50s, Mr. Sanchez is a first-time voter, spurred to the polls by a desire to see someone who isn’t Donald Trump win the White House. Sanchez says the experience left him encouraged – and inspired him to take part in future elections.

That Nevada is a swing state has also led residents here to feel more keenly the weight of each individual vote.

“We have to make the election count,” says Del Carpio, the retired hairdresser.

“This is a state where your vote actually matters,” adds Alex Zachary, who works at the Marquee, a popular nightclub, as he inched forward in line. “I want to make sure I have my say.”",1
4402,Battle over Obama immigration actions lands before Supreme Court,"The impassioned election-year debate over President Obama’s immigration executive actions lands Monday before a short-handed Supreme Court, where justices will consider a fundamental question: how much power does the president truly have?

The justices plan to hold 90 minutes of oral arguments dealing with Obama’s bid to spare millions of illegal immigrants from deportation.

A coalition of states calls it an executive power grab. ""President Obama's executive action is an affront to our system of republican self-government,"" said Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, who supports those states.

But the White House contends the president’s authority is clear, and the policies humane and reasonable. Obama has promoted his program as a plan to ""prioritize deporting felons not families.""

It’s a case that will be closely watched in an election season where Republican front-runner Donald Trump has made immigration enforcement a centerpiece of his campaign. The outcome also could have considerable bearing on Obama’s legacy, potentially determining whether his lame-duck bid to go around Congress is upheld or ruled an overreach.

At issue Monday is whether as many as 5 million illegal immigrants can be spared deportation -- including those who entered the U.S. as children, and the parents of citizens or legal residents. The programs -- known as Deferred Action for Parents of American Citizens and Permanent Residents (DAPA) and Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) -- effectively went around the Republican-led Congress.

Opponents, including 26 states and GOP members of Congress, say the plan exceeds constitutional power.

A federal appeals court earlier had struck down DAPA, which has yet to go fully into effect. The Justice Department then asked the high court for a final review, in what could be a key test of Obama's executive powers his last year in office.

The decision to review the case was welcome on both sides of the aisle.

""The Constitution vests legislative authority in Congress, not the president,” said Hatch, urging the justices to rule against the administration.

But the White House voiced confidence the policies would be upheld.

""Like millions of families across this country -- immigrants who want to be held accountable, to work on the books, to pay taxes, and to contribute to our society openly and honestly -- we are pleased that the Supreme Court has decided to review the immigration case,"" spokeswoman Brandi Hoffine said.

The issue of illegal immigration has taken a center-stage role in the Republican primary battle, as Trump calls for a border wall between the U.S. and Mexico and candidates spar over who is toughest on the issue.

The immigrants who would benefit from the Obama administration's plan are mainly parents of U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. said in a court filing that allowing the past rulings to stand would force millions ""to continue to work off the books.”

Besides immigration, Obama has used his unilateral authority to act on such hot-button issues as gun control, health care and global warming.

However, as with other high-profile Supreme Court appeals this term -- on ObamaCare, abortion rights and affirmative action -- the outcome here likely will be affected by death in February of Justice Antonin Scalia, which left a 4-4 bench split along conservative-liberal lines.

A 4-4 ruling would effectively scuttle the issue until after Obama leaves office in nine months, and mean at least a temporary setback to his domestic policy legacy -- even if the justices punt, and choose to reargue the case when Scalia's replacement is sworn in. The justices also could rule narrowly on procedure, finding a compromise on a technical issue not directly related to the larger policy questions.

On the legal side, the GOP-controlled House filed an amicus brief supporting the states, telling the high court, ""the Executive does not have the power to authorize -- let alone facilitate -- the prospective violation of the immigration laws on a massive class-wide scale.""

Supporters of the administration vow this issue will resonate in an election year.

""There are millions of families of U.S.-born citizens that live under the fear of separation and deportation,"" said Ben Monterroso, executive director of Mi Familia Vota, an Hispanic advocacy nonprofit. ""Our community is watching and will hold accountable those who have stood on the way of our families through the ballots in November.""

MFV and other immigrant rights advocates plan to march at the Supreme Court around Monday's arguments.

The case is U.S. v. Texas (15-674). A ruling is expected by late June.",1
4124,Race to replace Boehner expected to be another leadership vs. conservative caucus showdown,"The battle among Capitol Hill Republicans to replace House Speaker John Boehner will likely unfold like the one that led to Boehner's resignation: GOP leadership vs. the party's most conservative caucus.

""Before we rush headlong into leadership elections, we need to take time to reflect on what has happened and have a serious discussion about … what we expect of our leaders, and how we plan to accomplish our goals,"" Illinois Rep. Peter Roskam said Saturday in a letter to fellow GOP House members.

Members of Boehner's leadership team already appear to be positioning themselves for the job of running the Republican-controlled chamber. Among them is second-in-command House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy.

The California Republican has made no official statement, but sources tell Fox News that he is seeking the position. And Boehner said in his resignation announcement Friday that ""McCarthy would be an excellent speaker.""

In addition, the chamber's No. 3 Republican, House Majority Whip Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise and Washington Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers are also interested in the job, according to sources. McMorris is chairwoman of the House Republican Conference and the fourth highest-ranking Republican in the House.

However, ascending to the speakership will be difficult for any of them, considering the existence of the small-but-powerful number of House Republicans who repeatedly suggested Boehner and his leadership team wasn't conservative enough and tried to derail several legislative initiatives.

They most recently tried to make defunding Planned Parenthood part of a spending bill that must be passed by Wednesday to avoid a partial government shutdown. And the seemingly endless struggle between the sides appears to be a major reason why Boehner resigned.

GOP Reps. Jeb Hensarling, Texas; Pete Roskam, Illinois; and Tom Price, Georgia, are among the chamber’s most conservative members and among those mentioned as possible Boehner replacements.

Roskam lost a spot on the leadership team last year when then-House Majority Leader Eric Canton lost re-election. He was the chief deputy whip to McCarthy but lost the big whip race to Scalise, who replaced Roskam with his own chief deputy.

""This is about understanding the importance of this historic moment -- the resignation of a speaker due to internal party divisions,"" Roskam also wrote in the letter, while downplaying any immediate ambition to become the next speaker.

""This is not about me,"" he continued. ""I am not announcing a run for any leadership position because I currently don’t believe our conference or our leadership can be successful until we confront the underlying issues that have led to this moment.""

Also on Saturday, Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert, one the chamber’s most conservative Republicans, told Fox New: “No matter who it is, I know (the new House leaders) will be more conservative because they will let the majority rule. And that’s the way it’s supposed to work.”

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie also didn’t endorse a replacement but suggested voters are unhappy with how Congress is being run and called for a “reset.”

“The American people are disappointed,” Christie said on Fox. “They gave our party the majority in both houses, and we have not delivered some of the things we need to deliver.”

Once Boehner officially resigns his post and leaves Congress next month, the total number of House members will be 434, including 246 Republicans. An absolute majority is required to elect a new speaker, meaning the magic number of votes that a candidate must get is 218.

An aide to Hensarling told Fox News that the lawmaker was considering his options and would expect to have a decision next week.

Among the other most-conservative members also being mentioned for the job are GOP Reps. Jim Jordan, Ohio, and Ted Yoho, Florida.

The chamber's most conservative group is the House Freedom Caucus, which unofficially has about 35 to 38 members -- including about 15 of the 25 who voted against Boehner in the speaker’s election in January, according to Roll Call and The New York Times.",1
1045,Takeaways from the GOP town hall,"(CNN) The ironclad commitment each Republican presidential candidate gave to support the party's nominee -- no matter who that may be -- is no more.

Hillary Clinton launched her presidential bid on April 12 through a video message on social media. The former first lady, senator and secretary of state is considered the front-runner among possible Democratic candidates.""Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion -- so you can do more than just get by -- you can get ahead. And stay ahead,"" she said in her announcement video. ""Because when families are strong, America is strong. So I'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time. And I hope you'll join me on this journey.""

Ohio Gov. John Kasich joined the Republican field July 21 as he formally announced his White House bid. ""I am here to ask you for your prayers, for your support ... because I have decided to run for president of the United States,"" Kasich told his kickoff rally at the Ohio State University.

Ohio Gov. John Kasich joined the Republican field July 21 as he formally announced his White House bid. ""I am here to ask you for your prayers, for your support ... because I have decided to run for president of the United States,"" Kasich told his kickoff rally at the Ohio State University.

Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas has made a name for himself in the Senate, solidifying his brand as a conservative firebrand willing to take on the GOP's establishment. He announced he was seeking the Republican presidential nomination in a speech on March 23.""These are all of our stories,"" Cruz told the audience at Liberty University in Virginia. ""These are who we are as Americans. And yet for so many Americans, the promise of America seems more and more distant.""

Businessman Donald Trump announced June 16 at his Trump Tower in New York City that he is seeking the Republican presidential nomination. This ends more than two decades of flirting with the idea of running for the White House.""So, ladies and gentlemen, I am officially running for president of the United States, and we are going to make our country great again,"" Trump told the crowd at his announcement.

Here are six takeaways from the town hall, which aired on CNN and was moderated by Anderson Cooper:

Backing away from the pledge

Initially designed to stymie the threat of a Trump independent run, the real-estate mogul's Republican foes have been hamstrung by the signed pledge they all gave to the Republican National Committee in September to back the winner of the party's nominating contest for months.

""I'm not in the habit of supporting someone who attacked my wife and attacked my family. I think that is going beyond the line,"" he said. ""I'm not an easy person to tick off, but when you go after my wife, when you go after my daughters, that does it.""

Cruz, however, didn't explicitly say he would oppose Trump's nomination.

So Trump let him off the hook.

He said Cruz looked ""tormented"" trying to answer Cooper's ""very simple question.""

""I don't want his support. I don't need his support. I want him to be comfortable,"" Trump said.

Kasich, too, backed off his pledge -- saying he shouldn't have raised his hand when the entire Republican field was asked at the first debate last year whether they'd back the eventual nominee. ""Probably shouldn't have even answered that question, but it was the first debate, and what the heck,"" he said.

He said he's been ""disturbed by some of the things I have seen,"" without placing blame on any candidate by name.

""If the nominee is somebody that I think is really hurting the country and dividing the country, I can't stand behind them,"" Kasich said.

Asked whether Trump fit the bill as someone who is hurting the country, Kasich said that's up to voters, and wouldn't answer for himself. ""That's too much below the belt,"" he said.

He came prepared for questions.

In his pocket, he carried print-outs of Fields' initial description. She'd said Lewandowski ""grabbed me tightly by the arm and yanked me down. I almost fell to the ground, but was able to maintain my balance.""

He mocked Fields' description, saying Lewandowski had really just brushed past her and that she didn't come anywhere close to stumbling to the ground. ""She says, 'Ohh, look at my arm,'"" Trump said.

Trump said Fields had grabbed his arm, as well, in an effort to get his attention and ask a question after his news conference had already ended.

Asked if he'd press charges against her, Trump said: ""I don't know. Maybe I should, right? Cause you know what, she was grabbing me.""

Each time he defended Lewandowski -- saying he wouldn't fire his campaign manager -- Trump also pivoted to a theme: Loyalty.

""I'm a loyal person. I'm going to be loyal for the country. I'm going to be loyal for Wisconsin,"" Trump said.

Trump also refused to back down from a fight when Cooper asked him about the fight with Cruz that involves both of their wives.

""No it's not,"" Trump responded. ""Exactly that thinking is the problem of this country. I didn't start this.""

For that, Trump blamed Cruz. On Twitter, he warned Cruz to ""be careful"" or he'd ""spill the beans"" on his wife. Then, Trump retweeted an unflattering image of Heidi Cruz, alongside a more flattering photo of Melania Trump.

There's no evidence the super PAC, headed by Republican strategist Liz Mair, coordinated with Cruz. Doing so would have been illegal. But Trump said the two were in cahoots all the same, saying that he ""would be willing to bet"" Cruz wrote the ad.

So Trump had to respond in kind.

""I don't let things go so easily,"" Trump said.

All eyes were on Kasich heading into the town hall to see whether he would go after Cruz.

Kasich's top strategist, John Weaver, had hit back hard on Twitter, saying: ""Cruz -- with 0 friends, 0 record, 0 vision, 0 chance -- decides to lie about @johnkasich. Desperate? Trump right on 1 thing: 'lying Ted.'""

But when Kasich got on the debate stage, his typical easygoing demeanor was on display. In contrast to Trump's performance earlier in the night, Kasich didn't hesitate to criticize his staff's hardball tactics.

Of Weaver's tweet, he said: ""Sometimes, he gets a little tweet-happy, and I don't like that, OK? And I will have a word with him about it.""

As for the criticism from Cruz, Kasich said, ""That's OK, I can take it.""

In a moment that got one of the loudest cheers from the audience all night, Kasich argued that the campaign's bitter, personal moments have set a bad example for children.

""If name-calling, bringing in spouses, ripping each other below the belt and wrestling in the mud is the new politics, we all need to stand against it. Our children are watching. This is America,"" he said. ""I'm not going to go down there. ... I could screw up, but I hope not.""

Cruz's go-to option to win over women: his mother.

""I have grown up surrounded by strong women. My mom is someone that I admire immensely,"" he said when a questioner asked what he was going to do to convince women to support him.

It was a rare, revealing personal moment for a candidate who focuses more on demonstrating his rock-ribbed conservatism and policy prowess.

He said his mother's father ""was a drunk, and he didn't think women should be educated."" Nonetheless, she made her way to Rice University and worked for Shell -- on the way, refusing to learn how to type so that she wouldn't have ""some man stop her and say, 'Sweetheart, would you type this for me?'""

He said she wanted to be able to answer with a clean conscience: ""Look, I would love to help you out, but I don't know how to type. I guess you're going to have to use me as a computer programmer, instead.""

Cruz also pointed to his wife, Heidi, a Goldman Sachs executive, and said he's been surrounded by strong women his entire life, and that he believes ""every issue is a women's issue.""

The Texas senator wrapped up his answer by pointing to his two daughters.

""I want to make sure that they have a world that they can live in where they have the opportunity to do anything,"" he said.

It took Trump some time to answer when he was asked about the last time he apologized for anything.

""Oh, wow,"" he said, as the audience laughed.

He finally came up with a response: ""I apologized to my mother years ago for using foul language. I apologize to my wife for not being presidential on occasion. She's always saying, 'Darling, be more presidential.'""

Trump joked about the constant controversies surrounding his decisions to amplify the remarks of his supporters. Dismissing the Cruz remark, he said that ""it was just a repeat, but that didn't work out too well.""

""My biggest problems are repeats and retweets. I don't get in a problem with what I say -- it's when I repeat something. I think I'm gonna be careful,"" he said.

Cooper suggested that Trump could ""learn from behavior and not retweet things.""

Laughing, Trump said, ""I know. That I agree. That I agree.""",1
824,Trump’s sweep is another humiliating defeat for media and political elites,"Donald Trump’s sweeping victories Tuesday night move the Manhattan billionaire a step closer to winning the Republican nomination for president and to pulling off the most improbable political feat in modern American history. But Trump’s story is about more than a first-time candidate’s stunning rise. It is also about the humiliating defeat suffered by an increasingly isolated political and media class who still do not understand the causes and scope of Trump’s populist revolt.

In his book “Coming Apart: The State of White America, 1960-2010,” Charles Murray wrote about the rise of a new American upper class and the “narrow elites” who shape America’s economy, culture and government. The number of players who dominate the direction of media, politics and finance is surprisingly concentrated for a country as sprawling and diverse as the United States. And yet almost all of these “influencers” across Manhattan and Washington were incapable of blunting Trump’s meteoric rise. Time and again over the past year, Washington insiders and media moguls misread the mood of working-class voters and their attraction to the populist message championed by Trump.

On Tuesday, that message which undermines Republican orthodoxy on trade, taxes and immigration resonated with GOP primary voters so strongly that Trump cruised to lopsided victories in Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Delaware and Maryland.

So why did these “narrow elites” miss the mark so badly when the topic turned to Trump? Because most of them are hopelessly isolated from the other 300 million or so Americans who inconveniently share their country.

Murray writes that most members of the narrow elite don’t watch much television. If they watch any news programs, it is probably the PBS NewsHour (or Morning Joe!). Powerful influencers have also watched other television shows over the past decade like “Mad Men,” “House of Cards,” “Breaking Bad,” “Game of Thrones” and “Curb Your Enthusiasm.” While such critically acclaimed shows are often consumed by narrow elites in frantic fits of binge watching, the other 300 million Americans view television a bit differently.

Murray reports that the average American watches about 35 hours of television a week. Since 2004, Trump has starred in 14 seasons of “The Apprentice.” And if you’re a member of the narrow elite that holds sway over media coverage or government policy, chances are good that you saw few episodes of “The Apprentice” or “Survivor.”

But millions of Americans did, and perhaps that kind of mass consumption is why Trump will beat Don Draper at the polls every time.

History may not repeat itself, but it does rhyme when the topic turns to TV careers and Republican politicians. From 1956 to 1962, Ronald Reagan hosted General Electric Theater and had his image beamed into more than 20 million homes every week. The successful run on TV gave Reagan a connection with American voters that his movie career never could. By the time Reagan ran for governor of California in 1966, the GE host was a household name. Reagan’s landslide victory shocked elites in and out of the political class and launched a conservative revolution that would last a generation.

50 years later, that revolution is being undone by another TV star who has been underestimated by elites while being elevated by working-class voters. The question now is whether Trump can prove his critics wrong again by winning the nomination and then defeating Hillary Clinton in the fall. The odds may be long for the New York developer and reality star, but no longer than the ones he faced last June when he first sought the GOP nomination.",1
2760,2016ers hail release of U.S. prisoners held by Iran as Republicans slam Obama policy,"Washington (CNN) White House hopefuls on both sides of the political aisle on Saturday hailed the prisoner swap between the U.S. and Iran, though Republicans said the exchange took too long and served as a reminder that the longtime U.S. foe isn't trustworthy.

Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, former Marine Amir Hekmati, pastor Saeed Abedini and Nosratollah Khosravi-Roodsari were released from Iranian custody in exchange for seven Iranians who were not convicted of violent crimes but of violating the sanctions ban against Iran, senior administration officials told CNN. A fifth American, Matthew Trevithick, is also being released by Iran, U.S. officials said, but they said his release was not part of the negotiated prisoner swap.

GOP front-runner Donald Trump, speaking at a campaign event in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, criticized the Iranian nuclear deal, which he claimed will send $150 billion to Iran.

""Now I have to see what the deal is for the four people, because someone said they were getting seven back. So essentially, they get 150 billion plus seven, and we get four. Doesn't sound too good. Doesn't sound too good,"" he said. ""I am happy they are coming back, but it is a disgrace they have been there this long, a total disgrace.""

Speaking at the South Carolina Tea Party Coalition Convention in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, later Saturday, Trump said he ""had something to do with"" the prisoners' release.

""I have been hitting (the Obama administration) very hard. And I think I might have had something to do with it. You want to know the truth -- it's part of my staple thing -- I go crazy when I hear about this,"" he said.

Trump's top rival, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, said he's glad the prisoners were released but is worried about the details of the exchange.

""We don't know the details of the deal that is bringing them home, and it may well be there are some very problematic aspects to this deal,"" Cruz told reporters in Fort Mill, South Carolina. ""But at least this morning, I am giving thanks that Pastor Saeed is coming home. It is far later than it should have been, but we will be glad to welcome him home with open arms.""

Florida Sen. Marco Rubio -- who last spring joined 20 other senators in penning a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry saying that the Obama administration should push for the prisoners' release as part of the Iran nuclear deal's negotiations -- said at a town hall in Johnston, Iowa, that situation ""tells us all we need to know about the Iranian regime.""

""If these reports are true, of course we are happy for them and their families, but they should never have been there,"" he said, adding that Iran takes ""people hostage in order to take concessions. And the fact that they can get away with it in this administration is one of the reasons -- has created an incentive for more governments to do this around the world.""

In an interview with CNN, Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul called Abedini an ""incredibly brave man.""

""For years, we have advocated for the release of Saeed Abedini. I've sent repeated letters to the administration encouraging them to advocate for his release hoping we'd pressure Iran for his release,"" he said. ""We're excited he's coming home. I think he's an incredibly brave man to advocate for Christianity and to risk his life in the process.""

Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said in Amherst, New Hampshire, that if he were president, he would have threatened Iran with military action over the prisoners.

""I would say ... if you do not release them, that there's going to be military action, that that's an act of provocation, an act of war. What I would do in January is recognize that Iran is not an ally. That's how the Obama administration views this,"" Bush said.

Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson said he was ""overjoyed"" for the prisoners' families, but said ""the fact remains that President Obama's nuclear agreement with Iran is fatally flawed and gravely jeopardizes the national security interests of the American people, our ally Israel and other peaceful nations in the Middle East and around the world.""

Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum said the deal ""should give each of us pause.""

""First, we are returning criminals back to Iran in return for freeing innocent Americans. Under no rational analysis is that a fair deal,"" Santorum said in a statement. ""Second, this exchange proves that Iran is no friend and continues to get the upper hand in negotiations with the Obama Administration. As I said in Thursday's debate, Barack Obama's deal with Iran must be shredded and I intend to do that on day one of my presidency.""

And former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, while praising the release of Abedini, asked why it took the Obama administration so long to negotiate his release.

""He never should have been jailed and it's embarrassing that John Kerry and Obama negotiate with Iran as innocent Americans remained locked-up in prison,"" Huckabee said in a statement. ""President Obama is a complete fool for trusting a country that's been lying, cheating, murdering and sponsoring terrorism around the globe for 37 years. Empowering Iran with sanctions relief is like Neville Chamberlain writing a $150 billion check to Adolf Hitler hoping he'll play nice and behave. This Iran deal is an insane disaster and this White House has lost its mind.""

But Democrats, including Hillary Clinton, lauded the announcement, with the front-runner saying she is ""greatly relieved"" that Iran released the American prisoners.

""Their families and our country have waited and prayed for this day to come,"" she said in a statement. ""But we shouldn't thank Iran for the prisoners or for following through on its obligations. These prisoners were held unjustly by a regime that continues to threaten the peace and security of the Middle East.""

Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, meanwhile, said the exchange represented progress in relations between Washington and Tehran.

""This good news shows that diplomacy can work, even in this volatile region of the world,"" Sanders said.",1
761,Is Sanders 2016 Becoming Nader 2000?,"Bernie Sanders, for all his talk of revolution, never wanted to be Ralph Nader. He has a long history of keeping the Democratic Party at arm’s length, but he also has a long history of rejecting spoiler bids. Since 1992, he has always endorsed the Democratic presidential nominee, snubbing Nader’s four left-wing third-party campaigns. He became a Democrat to run for president instead of keeping his “(I)” and following in Nader’s footsteps. He has pledged to support Hillary Clinton if she wins the Democratic nomination and has ripped Donald Trump at every opportunity.

But even if Sanders isn’t deliberately trying to replicate the electoral trauma inflicted by Nader in 2000—when he probably cost Al Gore the presidency—Bernie’s lingering presence in the Democratic primary threatens to produce a similar result in November: delegitimizing the eventual Democratic nominee in the eyes of the left and sending many critics, if not to Trump, then to the Green Party’s Jill Stein or the Libertarian Party’s Gary Johnson.

In the first poll to assess the impact of third-party candidates, Public Policy Polling found last week that the inclusion of Stein and Johnson shaves 2 percentage points off Clinton’s lead over Trump. Conversely, the minor party duo loses a combined 2 points when Sanders is tested as the Democratic nominee, indicating that Sanders’ voters account for Clinton’s reduced standing.

A couple points, a couple million voters, is no big deal to Clinton if she’s trouncing Trump. But if he makes it a race, Democrats may find their political post-traumatic stress disorder from 2000 flaring up.

And while Clinton would be the most enraged if she suffers Gore’s fate, it is not in Sanders’ interest to join Nader on the Democratic Party’s unofficial Wall of Shame. His ultimate goal is to remake the party in his progressive populist image. He can’t do that if his name is uttered by rank-and-file Democrats only when seething.

That means Sanders has to strategize very carefully as he prepares to leave his mark at the convention. How can he bend the party to his will without breaking it?

One way would be to follow the lead of Jesse Jackson in 1988, who remained in the race for the entire primary. But when he came to the Democratic convention with 38 percent of the pledged delegates, he went to great lengths to keep his team focused on changing the party over the long haul rather than disrupting the election (though Michael Dukakis still lost). “I’m going to ask you to do a hard thing,” Jackson said to his delegates, “Put your focus on why we're here. If you're following my lead, then reflect my spirit, attitude and discipline. We don't have the time to fill up the media airwaves with pollution.”

A runner-up staying in until the last presidential primary vote is counted, by itself, has never been tantamount to a fatal party schism. Clinton’s reluctance in the spring of 2008 to accept the delegate math did not prevent Barack Obama from becoming the first Democrat to break 51 percent of the popular vote since Lyndon B. Johnson. Jerry Brown’s refusal to endorse his 1992 rival Bill Clinton proved to be about as damaging as a spitball. In the spring of 1976, Brown and Sen. Frank Church entered the presidential race—and won several late contests—in a futile attempt to stop Jimmy Carter from winning the White House.

Jackson didn’t quit before it was officially over for the same reason Sanders won’t: more delegates means more influence at the convention. But that’s where Sanders faces a paradox. The potential of using his delegates to make her convention disorderly—forcing floor fights over platform language, nominating himself on the floor, withholding his endorsement—is what gives him leverage. But to unleash convention chaos risks a repeat of 1968, when efforts by Eugene McCarthy’s delegates to wrest the nomination from Hubert Humphrey and include an anti-Vietnam War plank to the platform failed on the convention floor, prompting a livid McCarthy to leave the convention without endorsing the ticket. He gave an extremely reluctant endorsement in the campaign’s final days, and his unwillingness to rally his supporters possibly tipped five states to the Republican winner Richard Nixon.

It seems unlikely that Sanders would renege on his pledge to back the eventual nominee, but a passive-aggressive “nondorsement”—just keeping quiet—or a feeble campaign trail schedule could still stir hostile feelings among his supporters that the party establishment treated their campaign unfairly and views their revolution with disdain.

How might Sanders walk the fine line he needs to—pushing hard for his ideal platform without poisoning the party well?

Perhaps the most potent move he could make without sacrificing his policy agenda would be to declare, after the last ballot is cast in the District of Columbia on June 14, that Hillary Clinton won the majority of the pledged delegates “fair and square.”

A faction of Sanders supporters continues to circulate notions that the game has been rigged, either by the rules— unelected superdelegates and primaries closed to independents—or by outright cheating, with the long lines to vote in Arizona and Bernie-friendly early exit poll data looming large in online conspiracy theories. Sanders has not done much to promulgate the conspiracies, but neither has he tried hard to shut them down. He does regularly complain about superdelegates and closed primaries, despite the fact that he lost 13 of the 21 primaries so far in which independents could vote, and that the distribution of superdelegates on the basis of the popular vote would not give him the overall delegate lead.

In other words, he didn’t lose because of the rules. But if his supporters are left with the impression that rules were designed by the party to thwart their ambitions, then they will have little hesitation to bolt the party.

Sanders could ditch his strident anti-establishment tone and help disabuse his supporters of their suspicions, closing the electoral chapter of the campaign with a speech along the lines of: “Our campaign performed exponentially better than anyone predicted. We worked together to raise enough money to be heard, and our message was heard. We fought for more debates, we got them and we engaged in a substantive dialogue of ideas. We should take enormous pride in winning [probably by then] more than 20 states and 45 percent of the pledged delegates, while we also tip our hat to Hillary Clinton for winning a little more. Our party’s commitment to democracy gave us a fair shot, and the proof is in how well we did in the face of the long odds.”

Declaring the process to be on the level would effectively table a floor fight over the primary process rules that some Sanders allies have been hankering for, and keep the convention spotlight on what Sanders ran to accomplish in the first place: to popularize policy proposals that would break up the banks, provide free college, extend Medicare for all and eliminate corporate campaign cash.

An additional subtext of such a message would be to assure his supporters, “the Democratic Party is our home,” countering the message being sold by the third-party candidates that it is impossible for Sandernistas to advance their revolution within the confines of the Democratic Party.

In 1988, Jesse Jackson faced a similar challenge in keeping his restless supporters in the party fold, while also pressing the Dukakis camp for substantive concessions.

So he took a highly calibrated approach to the party. He negotiated with Dukakis’ aides a platform that reflected much of his liberal agenda, though scrubbed of elements deemed too controversial. Three planks left out were brought to the floor for debate, but Jackson did not force a floor vote on the most divisive of the three: “self-determination” for Palestinians.

The moral victory of exercising influence over the platform may have looked ephemeral in the years that followed: The defeat of Dukakis was blamed on excessive liberalism, leading to the 1992 nomination of Bill Clinton who took the party in a moderate direction. But Jackson in 2000 enthused at how much he was able to influence the White House in the Clinton years as well as catapult his top staffers into the Democratic Party apparatus. And had he not kept his supporters inside the Democratic tent, neither Clinton’s presidency nor Obama’s more liberal administration would have been possible.

Sanders never endorsed Nader, but he did endorse Jackson in 1988. If he wants his 2016 campaign to leave a lasting legacy on the Democratic Party, he’ll walk Jackson’s path at the convention, and do everything he can to prevent his supporters from walking Nader’s.",1
1398,"The Perfect State Index: If Iowa, N.H. Are Too White To Go First, Then Who?","The Perfect State Index: If Iowa, N.H. Are Too White To Go First, Then Who?

Every four years when the Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire primary roll around, the critics and cynics question why such unrepresentative patches of America get to vote first in presidential nominating contests. Why is so much political power, they complain, given to states that are more white and more rural than the rest of the country?

So, we attempted to quantitatively evaluate the critique — and try to come up with which states actually were the most representative of the average of the entire country, in what we're calling the Perfect State Index. In creating the PSI, we looked at five categories race, education, age, income and religion. (We explain the methodology, how we arrived there and analyze each category in detail further down.)

Below is an interactive table, which you can sort the results by category. So, which states came out on top?

Methodology — why we chose these five factors?

It's complicated, and, true, our metrics, are somewhat arbitrary. There are a dozen ways (or more) you could slice and dice Census data to decide which demographic factors are most important. But, we felt that in terms of understanding political behavior — these five indicators were the most important.

We ran the data by Bill Frey, a demographer with the Brookings Institution, and he insisted that of all the factors we were considering, race was by far the most important indicator of political behavior.

""Race is one where there's a sharp divide between how whites vote and how most minorities vote,"" Frey said. ""The race classification ... is a really good indicator to understand something about how elections are going to turn out.""

And, Frey encouraged us to place a higher priority on race, because it often correlates with income, education, and, perhaps even religion.

""By that I mean — in a state like Mississippi, which has a relatively high black population, that may also have some bearing on Mississippi's income rank, and on its education rank,"" Frey explained. (Mississippi has the lowest median household income in the country, as you can see from our table.)

So, with Frey's guidance, we decided to give a little more power to the ""race"" category. (All the other categories are not weighted).

For each of our five indicators, we compared every state in the country to either the U.S. median value or the percentage of the national population. That allowed us to see how far each state diverged from the quintessential American ""middle.""

So, for example, in the map below you'll notice that both California (38.5 percent white) and Maine (93.8 percent white) fared poorly on the race index, but for obviously different reasons. Our index looks at the absolute value — it doesn't matter whether a state is better or worse than the U.S. average; it matters how much a state differs from ""mainstream"" America.

For each category, every state received a ranking from 1 to 50. We then added the individual rankings together to give each state a final score.

Below, you'll see which state ranked the highest in the five individual categories.

We analyzed 2014 U.S. Census data to compare the racial make-up of each state to the country as a whole. We included all the categories the Census uses: black or African-American; American Indian or Alaska Native; Asian/Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander; Two or More Races; Hispanic or Latino; and White Alone Not Hispanic or Latino.

And, the reason we used the Census subcategories is that it gives us a more accurate racial portrait of each state. If we had only looked at ""minorities"" compared to ""whites,"" we would have gotten a skewed picture. For example, had we ranked solely based on ""minority"" population, combining all the racial subgroups, Alaska would have ranked near the top. But it has a disproportionately large Native American population, a group which has a relatively minor voting effect on American politics at a national level.

We wanted to find a state that more closely mirrors the country's racial portrait — and Illinois does that, almost perfectly. If you look at every group: Latinos, Asians, blacks — Illinois' respective populations are nearly identical to the country's at large.

That doesn't surprise Frey from Brookings. He points out that Illinois has mirrored the country's historical mass migrations.

First, white ethnic immigrant groups, such as those from Polish and Italian ancestry moved to the state. Then, during the Great Migration of the early 20th century, African-Americans from the South settled in Chicago. And, then, in the last 30 to 40 years, thousands of Hispanics, particularly Mexicans, moved to the city.

""And, all of that is due to that fact that Chicago has been this kind of central place that has been emblematic of these different kinds of movements,"" Frey explained. ""I don't think there's any other metropolitan area, or any other state really, that has all of these elements. ... Different parts of the country have had pieces of these things. But, Chicago has had them all in different sequences. And, so right now, we have a snapshot of a metropolitan area that's a lot like the U.S. population.""

And, as blacks, Latinos and Asians diversified the city, Frey said, old urban white ethnics moved to the suburbs and the rural farmlands. He added that the mix of urban and rural coupled with white suburbanization makes Illinois a good bellwether of what's gone on in the United States as a whole in recent decades.

We looked at the percent of the population that was older than 25 in each state with a bachelor's degree or higher, as tracked by Census data between 2010 and 2014.

Minorities of all educational levels tend to vote Democratic, but, as we've written elsewhere, there seems to be a growing political educational divide within the white population.

In Delaware, 29.4 percent of the total population has graduated with bachelor's degree or higher. (In the U.S. as a whole, 29.3 percent has at least a bachelor's degree). Frey said Delaware's mainstream-level of education may be due to its geography.

""It's an important state, but it is considered to be kind of a suburb of Philadelphia writ large,"" he said, ""and increasingly college graduates have been living and moving to the suburbs, and that's part of what Delaware is as well.""

He was, perhaps, more intrigued by the next few highly ranked states. ""You also see in this list states you might not have expected to see there — Montana, Nebraska, Oregon,"" Frey said. ""It shows this median level of education is pretty pervasive in all different parts of the country, not just concentrated in a few places.""

We used 2014 Census data to compare the median age in each state to the U.S. median age of 37.7.

""It's good to know that Virginia is in the middle,"" said Frey, but he's skeptical that it means much, because there are a clump of states that roughly reflect the U.S. median age.

What's more important are the states toward the bottom of the list. ""What you want to look at — is states that are kind of on the extremes,"" Frey added. ""And, when you're thinking of the extremes, you're thinking of some of the New England states, Pennsylvania, West Virginia – those are states that a lot of the young people have left over the years.""

And that brings us to New Hampshire. The early voting state is one of the oldest in the country (tied with Vermont for 47th on the age index). In fact, the aging population has even become a concern for voters in the state. At a recent campaign event, one woman described New Hampshire as going through a ""silver tsunami.""

For election purposes, Frey says the 65 and older population is key. ""Those are the kinds of populations,"" he noted, ""at least in recent elections [that] have tended to veer more toward Republican candidates in presidential elections.""

Frey added that a state's median age is often indicative of recent regional migration patterns.

""A lot of immigrants have come to parts of the country and made their populations younger,"" he said, ""a lot of it is in the South and the West.""

And, indeed, immigration may help explain why Virginia did so well in the age category when its neighbor West Virginia did so poorly.

There are lots of different economic indicators we could have used to measure the ""wealth"" of a state: the unemployment rate, the percent of people who own houses, or median household income. With the advice of our economics editor Marilyn Geewax, we opted to go with the 2010 to 2014 median household income (in 2014 dollars).

For the country at large, that is $53,482.

Income is a tough measure, because the cost of living differs wildly from Mississippi to Manhattan. But, it's also an important metric, because the economy is so often the most important issue for voters.

Pennsylvania's income levels are so incredibly average that it differed from the U.S. median by less than a percent. Frey points to Pennsylvania's geography and mix of urban, suburban, rural communities as a possible explanation for economic diversity.

""Pennsylvania ... has the average of those urban areas like Philadelphia and Pittsburgh,"" Frey said. ""And then [in] the inner part of the state, it's a little more rural.""

Interestingly, the first nominating state of Iowa also ranked high on the average-income calculator, coming in third. But Frey thinks Iowa fared well for different reasons — partly because it's an overwhelmingly white state and partly because it's in the middle of the country with an average cost of living.

The states that did poorly also tell us something important. New Jersey and Maryland were 49th and 50th, respectively. Both states are wealthier and largely overgrown suburbs of New York and Philadelphia (in New Jersey's case) and Washington, D.C., when it comes to the population center of south-central Maryland.

""It's suburban New York and suburban D.C., and some pretty rich suburbs,"" Frey said. ""Some of the richest suburban counties in the country are in New Jersey and Maryland.""

And so, even though New Jersey and Maryland did well on other metrics, such as race or age, they didn't do well in the overall PSI because of income.

There was a four-way tie for first place in the religion index. And, that's partly because the data isn't as nuanced. Statistics for all the other categories were collected and compiled through the Census Bureau.

But, the Census doesn't ask Americans about religion. Given the central role of religion in campaign politics, and the degree to which religiosity predicts political behavior, we thought it was an important metric to include.

To assess ""religiosity,"" which can often be an amorphous attitude in itself, we used data from the 2014 Religious Landscape Study, a comprehensive survey conducted by the Pew Research Center, which interviewed more than 35,000 Americans from all 50 states. We looked at a one specific aspect of this study: the percent of adults in each state who said religion was ""very important"" in their lives.

In the U.S. as a whole, and in Iowa in particular, 53 percent of adults said religion was ""very important"" in their lives. As Iowa prays, so prays the country ... apparently.

Iowa's mainstream status on the religious index might seem surprising given the extent to which the white, Christian conservative vote is courted by GOP presidential candidates there. But, there two things to keep in mind:

So while people might think of Iowa as a religious state, it's only actually, as a whole, as religious as the country. In fact, there are many other states that are far more religious. Think: Alabama, where 77 percent of people said religion was ""very important"" in their lives.

New Hampshire, on the other hand, is far more secular. New Hampshire came in 46th in the category of people saying that religion was ""very important"" to them. Just 33 percent of adults in New Hampshire said religion was ""very important"" to them. And, 36 percent described themselves as ""religiously unaffiliated,"" which means they don't identify with any organized religion.

It's one of the least religious states in the country, second only to Sen. Bernie Sanders' home state of Vermont.

Illinois borders a traditional East-West divide in the country — the Mississippi River. It snakes across the state's western edge, separating it from Iowa. And it's a microcosm of the country in nearly ever category. Specifically, it ranked in the top 10 for race, age, and religion.

It's almost comical that the most perfectly average state neighbors Iowa, the state that gets to go first in presidential nominating contests.

In many ways, Illinois is geographically and demographically similar to Iowa, particularly in the southern and western regions of the state. The major difference is Chicago — an urban core the kind Iowa just doesn't have.

""It's as diverse as the country, but not overly diverse,"" Frey said. ""It's probably a little more urban than the country as a whole because of the greater Chicago metropolitan area, but a lot of that is the suburbs and the suburbs are representative of much of America.""

Plus, he added, Illinois also has a ""rural component, which is important.""

""[Illinois] ... may not be a swing state,"" Frey said, ""but in terms of its demographics, I think people would do well to look at how the voting goes there to get a better understanding of what's going on in the country as a whole.""

And, while people might think of Illinois as a blue state, it currently has a Republican governor and a Republican senator, albeit one who will be in a tough re-election fight in a presidential year.

Also, it's only fairly recently, since 1992, that the state started voting reliably for Democrats in presidential years. From 1968 to 1988, Illinois voted consistently Republican. In fact, Illinois' record is more accurate, than partisan. Throughout the 20th century, Illinois voted for the winner in every presidential election, with the exception of two: Woodrow Wilson in 1916 and Jimmy Carter in 1976.

If anything, Frey, says perhaps Illinois is a racial bellwether. In 2014, the country's under-age-5 population became majority-minority, and so, in years to come, Frey said the racial makeup of the rest of the country is likely going to look more similar to Illinois.

A reality check on Iowa and New Hampshire?

Iowa, the state that goes first in our current political system, according to the PSI, came in 16th place overall.

That's not too bad, considering it could have been worse. New Hampshire, for example, was 49th, nearly dead last.

To be fair, Iowa is representative of the country on most of our metrics, with the exception of race.

A number of states East Coasters derisively refer to as ""flyover states"" — Nebraska, Kansas, Iowa and Missouri — actually all fared quite well on the PSI, especially if race was excluded.

So, in some ways, it seems the heartland is a fairly accurate portrait of average America, if it was more racially diverse. But, race is such an important factor that Frey thinks it outweighs Iowa's advantages. In the race category, Iowa was in the bottom 10, finishing 40th, with just a 3.4 percent black population and a 5.6 percent Hispanic population.

New Hampshire, though, is even more of an outlier. The only state that fared worse overall was West Virginia.

By every measure, New Hampshire is horribly unrepresentative of the country — people make too much money, they're graying, over-educated, overwhelmingly white and not nearly religious enough.

The question, of course, is whether these two states should continue to serve as litmus tests for candidates.

""It's for the parties to decide,"" Frey said, ""but I have to say as a demographer, the more stock you put into these two states, as we become more diverse as a country, the more we'll be out of touch with what the rest of the country's going to be voting like.""",1
1467,Super PACs Escalate Air War Ahead of Iowa Caucuses,"A new set of super PAC advertisements released Tuesday are intensifying the GOP primary battle ahead of the Feb. 1 Iowa caucus, while allies of Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton are fighting back against recent Republican attacks.",1
4888,Self-proclaimed “genius” reaches new highs in stupidity: Trump puts his incompetence on full display,"The Clinton campaign reacted with yet another ad featuring Trump’s own words this time disparaging veterans and their families. The anti-Trump Priorities USA SuperPAC went even further with a new spot that shows Trump saying, “I love war.” Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway responded by saying the bizarre comment was taken out of context but the full quote, which he gave last November at a wild Fort Dodge, Iowa, rally (the same one where he called Ben Carson a child molester), is even worse than what it sounds like in the ad:

Trump has never been in the service, although he has said,”I always felt I was in the military” because of his education at a military-themed boarding school and he believes he has “more training militarily than a lot of the guys that go into the military.”

That comment “I’m good at war” says everything about Trump as he demonstrated last night at the town hall forum that he is indeed unfit to be president of the United States. There were many aspects of his performance that had people gasping at the mere idea of this man in a position of real power, not the least of which was his comment that President Barack Obama compares unfavorably to Russian President Vladimir Putin who “has an 85 percent approval rating” and is “very much a leader” because he has “strong control over his country.”

But it was around the question of ISIS and the Middle East where he really showed his true colors. He was upset that Hillary Clinton had earlier claimed that he had lied when he said he had been against the Iraq War and defended himself by pointing to an Esquire magazine article from 2004 — which doesn’t really help since the war began in the spring of 2003. The fact-checkers have declared his pants are on fire numerous times on this but he just keeps saying it.

Last night he also made a passing reference to someone “asking him about Iraq” 14 years ago, and you may be surprised to learn that at that same crazy Iowa rally he told the crowd that a delegation from the White House came to him to ask his opinion and he advised not to go in because it would destabilize the region. To the best of my knowledge this claim has never been validated. It’s possible, of course, this was the Bush administration. But let’s just say that it’s as likely as Trump’s witnessing thousands of New Jersey Muslims cheering after 9/11.

You’ll knock the hell out of one and the other one is going to come and take over the other. You don’t have to be a genius to figure this out even though I am a genius. And by the way, I’m more militaristic than anybody in this room. I’m going to make our military so strong, so powerful. Everyone seems to think that Trump has “pivoted” from his position that he could not reveal his plan to defeat ISIS to his announcement today that he would give the generals 30 days from the inauguration to come up with one. But that’s wrong. Trump’s secret plan is not so secret. At that same rally last fall, Trump spoke about it plainly: “I know more about ISIS than the generals do. Believe me. . . . I would bomb the shit out of ’em. . . . I’d blow up the pipes. I’d blow up the — I’d blow up every single inch. There would be nothing left. And you know what, you get Exxon to come in there and in two months — you ever see these guys how good they are? The great oil companies? They’ll rebuild that sucker brand-new. It’ll be beautiful. And I’d bring it, and I’d take the oil.” At the forum, he reiterated this belief that America should “take the oil” because he thinks this will make ISIS surrender and has taken to saying “to the victor goes the spoils” apparently unaware that this is a considered a war crime. He has said in the past it would require a permanent force to protect the oil but that it wouldn’t take much. Trump said that under Obama and Clinton’s leadership “the generals have been reduced to rubble” and “reduced to a point where it’s embarrassing for our country.” He sounded as if he planned to fire some of them, which isn’t actually something the president can do. As he is wont to do he brought up his favorite,  General George Patton, saying that he’s “spinning in his grave” over the state of affairs in the military. The good news is that he didn’t bring up General Black Jack Pershing and endorse mass executions with bullets dipped in pigs’ blood as he often does on the trail. He maintained that he still believes in his own plan for Iraq and says he won’t necessarily follow the generals’ advice. So, the GOP nominee for commander in chief tells people that he’s “good at war,” “has had a lot of wars of his own” and “loves war in a certain way” despite never having been in the military. He also believes he’s a “genius” who is “more militaristic” than anyone in the room. His plan to defeat ISIS is to blow up the Iraqi oil wells and have Exxon come in and rebuild them. And he believes that half the military leadership are fools and thinks he can just fire the ones he doesn’t like. But there’s nothing delusional about any of that so there’s no need to concern yourselves that the poll numbers are tightening.  If he happens to pull this off, what could go wrong?",1
1511,Trump’s Campaign Is Damaging His Brand,"If Donald Trump is nothing else, he’s an American brand. The Trump name adorns luxury condominiums, hotels and golf courses around the world; it has sold a TV show, millions of books, a line of cologne and even, briefly, an airline.

And that brand, according to new data published here in Politico Magazine for the first time, is taking a major hit in the wake of his presidential campaign.

Trump has built his distinctive trademark over the course of decades in public life, turning his own wealth, glamorous lifestyle and personality into emblems of his multi-billion dollar company through endless self-promotion. Trump considers this reputation alone a hugely significant part of his business: Financial documents the candidate released earlier this year set the value of his company’s “deals, brand and branded developments” at $3 billion, which makes his name the single most significant item in his portfolio. Trump’s brand was also his first great advantage as a presidential candidate, giving him name recognition and the gloss of success that even a Bush might envy.

But as Trump the candidate has ascended, hitting the top of the polls and staying there thanks to a series of controversial statements and a groundswell of Republican populist support, the opposite has happened to Trump the brand: Among the people Trump’s business depends on—the consumer making over $100,000 a year—the value of the Trump name is collapsing.

A December survey of American consumer opinion, fielded by the BAV Consulting division of advertising and marketing giant Young & Rubicam (and the largest and longest running study of brands in the world), found that since Donald Trump’s run for president, the Trump brand has lost the confidence of the people who can afford to stay at one of his hotels, play at one of his country clubs or purchase a home in one of his developments. It is also rapidly losing its association with the gilded traits Trump has long promoted as the essence of his business.

In categories such as “prestigious,” “upper class” and “glamorous” the Trump name has plummeted among high-income consumers. Within the same group, it is also losing its connection with the terms “leader,” “dynamic” and “innovative”—quite a blow for a man who criticizes others for being “low energy” and considers himself an industry trailblazer. The brand has been a survey subject for BAV Consulting’s regular surveys for over a decade and has never before experienced such a precipitous drop in reputation. It’s the kind of change that usually follows a big corporate scandal, like a product recall or financial misconduct. But in Trump’s case it’s a man’s personality that is in play.

The billionaire Trump might brush off complaints about his politics; he might even shrug off short-term commercial losses. But this plunge in brand status would be seen as a crisis in the offices of any major consumer-oriented company. Public companies often claim losses in net worth when customers turn against them because of a public relations disaster; they call it a decline in “goodwill.” As a private corporation, the Trump Organization is not obligated to report any such a decline—or to report it accurately—but any CEO will tell you that a brand deterioration like this is likely to have a significant financial impact, affecting sales, borrowing and even efforts to attract high quality employees.

The first visible signs of the commercial cost associated with Trump’s extreme politics came after his inflammatory comments about undocumented Mexican immigrants, which he made as he announced his candidacy last June. NBC quickly dumped him as host of Celebrity Apprentice, a gig that netted him millions of dollars per year. Univision, Macy’s, Serta and others began unwinding marketing relationships with him. More recently, real estate partners have talked of taking his name off developments, and a home furnishings retailer in the Middle East took Trump products off display. In Vancouver, 50,000 people have petitioned to prevent the brand name from decorating a skyscraper under construction.

Less visible, but no less important, are hits Trump has taken among his target consumer base: the luxury, or “aspirational” market of those making over $100,000 a year. The wealthiest respondents in the BAV survey—those with incomes over $150,000—judge Trump the harshest of any income bracket. In this group, as measured by BAV’s consumer opinion index, Trump’s reputation for being “obliging” and “upper class” has declined by more than 50 percent since the outset of the campaign, followed by “leader” (with a 41 percent decline) and “prestigious” (down by 39 percent). The next lower income level—households making between $100,000 and $150,000—wasn’t much kinder, with a 56 percent decline for “obliging,” a 45 percent decline in “prestigious” and a 38 percent drop for “upper class.”

Even the one notable upward spike in Trump traits—the wealthiest view the Trump brand as 65 percent more “traditional” than they did when the trait was measured before the campaign—points to commercial trouble. Although Trump’s political loyalists might cheer his standing as a traditional figure, this quality is not a good thing for a business seeking to sell glamour and luxury. In commercial terms, other products that are deemed “traditional” are the canned meat product Spam and Idaho potatoes.

In interviews we conducted before the campaign, Trump’s children, who work in his companies, acknowledged that their father is the brand and that he will dominate its marketing for the rest of his days. “He became synonymous with success and aspiration,” noted daughter Ivanka. “That is still at the core of what the brand is today.”

But the challenge of a brand future clouded by his father’s polarizing views was on Donald Trump. Jr.’s mind in 2014, long before his father declared his run for president. “If you’re asking, ‘Do I think that he knows he’s a polarizing guy?’ Yes. The answer is 100-percent,” Donald Jr. said. “He will be out there, and he will question these things in a way that you don’t see anyone doing today—or certainly not anyone that has a brand. … There could be potentially ramifications to his business for taking these stances.”

How serious will these ramifications be? We might never know: As head of a privately held company, free of financial obligations to shareholders, Donald Trump has no reason to disclose the financial hit he takes due to his controversial campaign. Still, it’s worth noting that these kinds of blows can be massive: During the dot-com crash, firms that fell from grace took multi-billion dollar “goodwill” write-offs. AOL noted a $99 billion loss in goodwill. Worldcom’s was $45 billion.

Donald Trump, as a 69-year-old whose fortune is counted in the billions, will very likely remain wealthy and comfortable—a success as he defines it—for the rest of his days. But those like his children who may have counted on the brand to sustain them further into the future cannot be so certain.

Then again, they could move into the part of the consumer market where no real damage has been done. Perhaps a Trump brand of smokes, or maybe canned meat?",1
3568,ISIS Extremist Who Beheaded Prisoners Is Identified As Man From London,"ISIS Extremist Who Beheaded Prisoners Is Identified As Man From London

The man who has been recorded in videos threatening and killing several Western hostages in the name of the self-proclaimed Islamic State is Mohammed Emwazi. He is from London and is a British citizen of Kuwaiti descent.

British security services have been aware of the identity of the militant many have dubbed ""Jihadi John,"" the BBC says, adding that ""they chose not to disclose his name earlier for operational reasons.""

Emwazi's name was reported by The Washington Post early Thursday, citing interviews with his friends and associates. The newspaper says he is ""from a well-to-do family ... and graduated from college with a degree in computer programming.""

We'll update this post as more details come in.

Update at 8:35 a.m. ET: Confirmation Of Details

Intelligence sources tell NPR that they can confirm the ISIS figure's name is Mohammed Emwazi and that he is from London, is college-educated and has been in Syria since 2012.

Update at 7:35 a.m. ET: No Comment From Prime Minister

Saying ""we do not confirm or deny matters relating to the intelligence services,"" a spokeswoman for British Prime Minister David Cameron is refusing to comment on the identity of ""Jihadi John,"" other than to say police and security services are working to bring the hostages' killers to justice.

The BBC reports, ""Emwazi is believed to be an associate of a former UK control order suspect, who travelled to Somalia in 2006 and is allegedly linked to a facilitation and funding network for Somali militant group al-Shabab.""

Emwazi has been a central figure in the grisly ISIS videos in which prisoners have been beheaded and threats have been delivered against the U.S. and other countries.

Dressed all in black with only his eyes and hands exposed, the ISIS figure first attracted notice last August, when he addressed the camera in fluent English before hostage James Foley, a U.S. journalist, was beheaded.

Shortly after Foley's death, British Ambassador Peter Westmacott said that ""we are close"" to identifying the central figure in the video.

Since then, the man named today as Emwazi has appeared in more videos in which hostages were killed, including the Britons David Haines and Alan Henning as well as the Americans Steven Sotloff and Peter Kassig (who changed his first name to Abdul-Rahman during his captivity).

The same man is also believed to be in more recent videos in which two Japanese hostages, Kenji Goto and Haruna Yukawa, were beheaded.",1
2885,Iran's Supreme Leader Slams Republican Letter On Nuke Deal,"DUBAI, March 12 (Reuters) - Iran's Supreme Leader hit out on Thursday at a letter by U.S. Republican senators threatening to undo any nuclear deal between Washington and Tehran, saying he was worried because the United States was known for ""backstabbing,"" Mehr news agency reported.

Ayatollah Ali Khamenei added at a meeting with President Hassan Rouhani and senior clerics that whenever negotiators made progress, the Americans became ""harsher, tougher and coarser,"" Mehr reported.

The letter signed by 47 Republican senators warned Iran that any nuclear deal made with U.S. President Barack Obama could last only as long as he remained in office, in an unusual intervention into U.S. foreign policy-making.

Mehr quoted Khamenei as saying: ""Of course I am worried, because the other side is known for opacity, deceit and backstabbing.""

""Every time we reach a stage where the end of the negotiations is in sight, the tone of the other side, specifically the Americans, becomes harsher, coarser and tougher. This is the nature of their tricks and deceptions.""

The negotiations, which resume in Lausanne, Switzerland, next week, are at a critical juncture as the sides try to meet an end of March target for an interim deal, with a final deal in June.

Khamenei added that U.S. accusations of Iranian involvement in terrorism were risible. Khamenei also criticized a speech to Congress by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu this month that warned the United States it was negotiating a bad deal with Iran that could spark a ""nuclear nightmare.""",1
4903,"Pence, after Trump, denounces Clinton calling supporters ‘deplorables,’ says disrespectful","Republican vice-presidential nominee Mike Pence followed running-mate Donald Trump on Saturday in denounced Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton for calling their supporters “deplorables,” saying they are “Americans, and they deserve your respect.”

Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, said at a New York fundraiser Friday night that half of Trump-Pence supporters could be put into a ""basket of deplorables.""

“Racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamaphobic, you name it,” Clinton said. “There are people like that and he has lifted them up.”

Clinton attempted at the fundraiser to qualify her remarks by saying they were ""grossly general-istic"" and that the other 50 percent of Trump supporters are frustrated by hard times and merit sympathy.

However, Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, then Pence seized on her remarks throughout the day.

“The men and women who support Donald Trump's campaign are hard-working Americans, farmers, coal miners, teachers, veterans, members of our law enforcement community, members of every class of this country,” Pence said at the annual gathering of conservatives in Washington, D.C., known as the Value Voters Summit.

“They are not a basket of anything, they are Americans, and they deserve your respect. … No one with that low opinion of the American people should ever be elected president of the United States of America.”

Earlier in the day Trump tweeted: “Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard-working people” tweeted Trump, after Clinton’s comments at a Friday night New York fundraiser. “I think it will cost her at the Polls!”

Clinton was speaking at an LGBT fundraiser in New York City, where she encouraged supporters to ""stage an intervention"" if they have friends considering voting for Trump.

""That may be one conversion therapy I'd endorse,"" said Clinton, referring to a type of counseling designed to urge gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender children to change their sexual orientation. She later clarified that she wants to end the practice.

Singer Barbra Streisand, who performed at the fundraiser, altered the lyrics of the Stephen Sondheim song ""Send In The Clowns"" to mock Trump, referring to the real estate mogul as a ""sad, vulgar clown.""

Trump spokesman Jason Miller said in a statement that Clinton had ""revealed her true contempt for everyday Americans"" and called the remarks an ""inexcusable mistake.""

Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill defended the candidate in tweets of his own.

""Obviously not everyone supporting Trump is part of the alt-right, but alt-right leaders are with Trump,"" he said. ""And their supporters appear to make up half his crowd when you observe the tone of his events.”

The fundraiser capped a day in which Trump again attacked Clinton's credibility. He said Clinton was being ""protected"" during the Justice Department's investigation into her use of a private email server while secretary of state.

""She could walk right into this arena right now and shoot somebody with 20,000 people watching, right smack in the middle of the heart, and she wouldn't be prosecuted,"" Trump said at a rally in Pensacola, Fla.

Trump also faced criticism from within his own party for refusing to outline his plans for combating foreign policy challenges, including threats posed by ISIS. Trump said this week that he does indeed have a plan, but would convene military leaders in his first 30 days in office to craft another plan.

Trump has also faced criticism for praising Russian President Vladimir Putin during a high-profile national security forum earlier in the week, and appearing on a Russian-backed television network Thursday evening.

On Friday, Clinton said she was ""disappointed"" by Trump's decision to appear on RT America, saying that ""every day that goes by this just becomes more and more of a reality television show. It's not a serious presidential campaign.""

With several prominent Republican national security officials already concerned about Trump's national security acumen, Clinton has tried to cast herself as the better potential commander in chief. She has aggressively promoted her growing list of military endorsements from both parties.

On Friday, her campaign said the number of retired generals and admirals endorsing Clinton for president has grown to 110. Trump quickly countered by saying his list had ballooned to 120 former U.S. generals and admirals earlier in the week.

Pence received his first intelligence briefing Friday. He declined to offer any specifics since the information was classified.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
237,"Clinton, back in the Benghazi hot seat, withstands Republicans’ grilling","Hillary Rodham Clinton easily parried barbed Republican questioning Thursday about the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi, Libya, emerging unscathed from a high-stakes congressional hearing with a smooth and sometimes poignant account of her role in the event that has loomed as among her largest political liabilities.

Just over a year before the 2016 general election, the long-anticipated showdown was suffused with presidential politics — though neither Clinton nor members of the House Select Committee on Benghazi mentioned her position at the top of the Democratic field.

Both she and her Republican questioners claimed the high ground, insisting that they were focused on learning what went wrong when militants overran two U.S. compounds in the restive Libyan city in September 2012, just months before Clinton left office as secretary of state.

Democrats defended Clinton’s leadership and repeatedly accused Republicans of using the special investigative panel to hunt for damaging information about her.

“I would imagine I’ve thought more about what happened than all of you put together. I’ve lost more sleep than all of you put together,” Clinton said. “I have been racking my brain about what more could have been done or should have been done.”

Republicans sought to establish a link between Clinton’s ­decision-making — before and during the attacks — and the four deaths, but they clearly struggled to build a theory of the case that she was directly responsible or negligent.

They also hurt their own cause at times. Several spent their 10-minute periods on peculiar lines of questioning: One pressed Clinton repeatedly about an e-mail exchange between two State Department staffers whom Clinton said she did not know. Much of the hearing was also consumed by bickering between Republicans and Democrats on the panel, leaving Clinton to sit by, sometimes shuffling papers or resting her chin on her hand.

U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three others were killed in a chaotic, hours-long assault that revealed serious gaps in security and communications but not, Clinton claimed, a failure of leadership or policy.

“This was the fog of war,” Clinton said following an emotional recounting of harrowing events that included the failed attempt to rescue Stevens and the gut-wrenching hours that followed when the State Department could not account for his whereabouts.

The hearing comes at a moment when Clinton is reestablishing herself as the clear front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination, following several months in which her poll numbers had nose-dived. Her stumble came in part because of her handling of a controversy over her use of a private e-mail account while she was secretary of state — an unorthodox practice that was unearthed by the panel she appeared before on Thursday.

In recent days, Clinton has recovered much of her advantage.

She has built upon her strong performance at the first Democratic debate on Oct. 13. She also got a stroke of good fortune when Vice President Biden ended months of speculation with an announcement Wednesday that he would not seek the Democratic nomination.

As was the case with the debate, the hearing setting was one that played to Clinton’s natural strengths. She kept her composure through the 11-hour session and appeared well prepared for the lines of attack by the Republican members of the committee. As the day wore on, with her command of the proceeding becoming more apparent, she even appeared bored at times.

[How many questions were asked of Sidney Blumenthal]

There was no replay of the famous, and politically damaging, moment from a January 2013 hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Then in her final days as secretary of state, Clinton shouted and waved her arms at a Republican senator and demanded, “What difference, at this point, does it make” whether the attacks were premeditated?

This time, Clinton also had the benefits of missteps by Republicans — most notably remarks by House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) that the committee investigation had succeeded in damaging Clinton politically. Democrats seized upon that statement as proof that the investigation was motivated by partisanship rather than getting to the bottom of what had happened in Benghazi.

Clinton has called the panel “basically an arm of the Republican National Committee,” but she did not confront her Republican questioners on that point Thursday. She mostly smiled in mute agreement when Democrats called the exercise a partisan fishing expedition or a waste of taxpayer money.

At one point, Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) suggested the Obama administration tried to whitewash the terrorist origins of the attacks because it undercut the political success that Clinton and others claimed in Libya. “I’m sorry that it doesn’t fit your narrative, Congressman,” Clinton responded. “I can only tell what the facts were.”

Two of Clinton’s personal attorneys sat behind her during the hearing, underscoring the peril the Benghazi episode and the questions surrounding her e-mails pose for her. The FBI is investigating whether classified information was compromised through Clinton’s e-mail system, which operated outside the usual State Department procedures and controls.

In her testimony, Clinton said she did not have a computer in her State Department office and did little of her daily work via e-mail.

“I conducted it in meetings,” she said. “I read massive amounts of memos, a great deal of classified information. I made a lot of secure phone calls. I was in and out of the White House all the time. There were a lot of things that happened that I was aware of and that I was reacting to.”

Republicans had wanted to interview Clinton in private, leading to months of negotiations over the terms of her appearance. Her attorneys refused, saying Republicans could selectively leak damaging material from a closed-door session.

Clinton’s disciplined performance, command of facts and pure stamina may bear out her calculation that a public performance would work to her benefit, as well as remind her opponents why she is an imposing candidate.

Conservative columnist Byron York wrote in the Washington Examiner that “a hearing billed as an epic, High Noon-style confrontation . . . instead turned out to be a somewhat interesting look at a few limited aspects of the Benghazi affair. In other words, no big deal. And that is very, very good news for Hillary Clinton.”

The day began with the panel’s chairman, Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.), defending the committee’s mission and motives. Much of his opening statement was spent rebutting claims of partisan bias.

“The House of Representatives, including some Democrats, I hasten to add, asked this committee to write the final accounting of what happened in Benghazi,” Gowdy said. He said that despite seven previous inquiries, his panel was the first to interview many witnesses and the first to discover Clinton’s exclusive use of a private e-mail server for her government work.

[Why. Was. Hillary. Clinton. Speaking. So. Slowly?]

“Not a single member of this committee signed up to investigate you or your e-mail,” he assured Clinton. “We signed up to investigate and therefore honor the lives of four people that we sent into a dangerous country to represent us, and to do everything we can to prevent it from happening to others. Our committee has interviewed half a hundred witnesses. Not a single one of them has been named Clinton until today.”

Republicans on the committee have repeatedly pressed Clinton about the special access she gave longtime friend Sidney Blumenthal, who sent reports about Libya to the private e-mail address that Clinton used for government business while she was secretary of state.

Why, the panel members asked, could a Clinton loyalist get messages to her inbox while the American ambassador in Libya had to send his concerns about security through official channels.

“Help us understand how Sidney Blumenthal had that kind of access to you, Madam Secretary, but the ambassador did not,” Gowdy said.

Clinton said that was exactly the way the system should work. She said security issues were discussed and resolved by professionals whose work she would not second-guess. She used the question of adequate security to make an impassioned case that the legacy of Benghazi should not be a retrenchment of American engagement in dangerous places.

Repeatedly, the Republicans were baited by Democrats into fights over whether the committee was a partisan tool, and whether any of them should be there at all. Just before the lunch break, Gowdy and several Democrats got into a loud argument about whether to release Blumenthal’s interview transcripts, while cameras showed Clinton shuffling papers.

“I don’t know what this line of questioning does to help us get to the bottom of the deaths of four Americans,” Clinton said to Gowdy before the intra-committee bickering began.

Democrats repeatedly charged that the majority Republicans were rehashing questions that had been answered in the many inquiries into the only death of a sitting ambassador since 1979.

The committee’s top Democrat, Rep. Elijah E. Cummings (Md.), claimed Republicans had focused on Clinton to the exclusion of other relevant Cabinet members, including the then-heads of the Defense Department and the CIA.

It was under sympathetic Democratic questioning that Clinton grew pensive and emotional, particularly when recalling Stevens and how he died. She called Stevens a rising star whose deep knowledge of Libya made him her choice to be ambassador. She swore him in for that post.

Clinton gave a detailed account of efforts to bring Stevens and State Department officer Sean Smith to a “safe room” inside the lightly defended diplomatic compound Stevens was visiting from his headquarters in the capital, Tripoli.

“I wanted to point out that even when we try to get it right, which we do try, sometimes there are unintended consequences, and there is an example out of this tragedy,” Clinton said. “The attackers used diesel fuel to set the compound on fire. And the safe room was anything but safe.”

The security situation in Benghazi was deteriorating rapidly over the summer of 2012, and Stevens requested additional security measures.

Many of the security requests, she said, were fulfilled. “Others weren’t.”

Mark Berman, Karoun Demirjian, David A. Fahrenthold, Elahe Izadi and Abby Phillip contributed to this report.",1
1184,What's Marco Rubio's strategy against Donald Trump?,"Marco Rubio has been forced to speed up plans for an all-out assault on the billionaire businessman's character.

How SNL's 'the bubble' sketch about polarization is all too true

A flood of mainstream Republican officials and donors have lined up behind Marco Rubio in the week since former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush suspended his campaign for president.

And yet Rubio's team concedes that neither the influx of support, nor the conversion of many of Bush's wealthy donors, is enough to stop Donald Trump.

Instead of riding the wave of new support alone, Rubio has been forced to speed up plans for an all-out assault on the billionaire businessman's character.

Rubio had hoped to wait until the chaotic Republican nominating campaign had shrunk to a two-man race. But with a growing sense of urgency among GOP stalwarts to settle on a Trump alternative, the young Florida senator is trying to simultaneously slow Trump and cast himself the savior of the party's future.

""I will never quit. I will never stop until we keep a con man from taking over the party of Reagan and the conservative movement,"" Rubio thundered at a rally with 2,000 people in Oklahoma City on Friday.

Rubio, a 44-year-old first-term U.S. senator, is trying to project leadership in the party while also going after Trump using his own game, marked by mockery and uncanny aim for his opponent's vulnerabilities.

But the hard-nosed strategy is necessary, says Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam, Rubio's latest big endorsement.

""Rubio looked around and thought, 'Well, I might not like it, but that's what the media is covering and that's what people are responding to.'""

But Rubio is quickly getting a feel for what he began during Thursday's debate, launching a direct challenge to Trump's appeal to working class voters.

In recent days, Rubio has dished about Trump's on-stage perspiration and alluded, jokingly, that Trump may have wet his pants. He's also taken to referring to the billionaire businessman as a ""con artist"" dozens of times a day while campaigning.

""It's amazing to me. A guy with the worst spray tan in America is attacking me for putting on makeup,"" Rubio charged as he campaigned in Georgia on Saturday. ""Donald Trump likes to sue people. He should sue whoever did that to his face.""

Over the weekend, Rubio and Cruz attacked Trump for refusing to c ondemn the endorsement from David Duke, a former Ku Klux Klan leader.

Rubio went further in a message to thousands of supporters in Leesburg, Virginia: ""We cannot be a party who refuses to condemn white supremacists and the Ku Klux Klan,"" Rubio said. ""Not only is that wrong, it makes him unelectable. How are we going to grow the party if we nominate someone who doesn't repudiate the Ku Klux Klan?""

But make no mistake: Rubio's new tack is a fight for survival.

He trails Trump in virtually all of the 11 states holding nominating contests on March 1, known as Super Tuesday. The Florida senator has finished in no better than second place in the first four primary contests. Trump has won three out of four. And Texas Sen. Ted Cruz remains a top-tier contender, even after finishing in third place in the last three contests.

Given Trump's momentum, Rubio's team says publicly the senator's best chance for the nomination might be a contested national convention in July. That could happen only if Rubio prevents Trump from accumulating the majority of delegates in the months-long primary season that extends through June.

Some Florida-based donors, as well as top donors and fundraisers in Washington, D.C., Chicago and elsewhere were ready to join Rubio's team immediately after Bush left the race.

""There are a number of us, now that Gov. Bush is out of the race, who were very impressed with his debate Thursday, and see him as the one to take down Trump,"" said Chicago investor Craig Duchossois, who shifted from Bush to Rubio. ""He showed he's not going to take any crap from him.""

In the past two weeks, Rubio has also won the backing of four governors and 20 members of Congress, more than all of his Republican rivals combined.

Rubio had hoped to forestall a one-on-one brawl with Trump until there were only two. Cruz, Ohio Gov. John Kasich and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson remain in the race, although none have the level of support from as many governors and members of Congress as Rubio.

In a year of the outsider, however, it's unclear how much that will boost his momentum.

And in the meantime, Rubio's assault on Trump's character continues.

Audiences in Super Tuesday states Oklahoma, Georgia and Alabama ate up the tough talk as he whipped through Southern states.

""It's about time he take his gloves off and start fighting,"" said Gary Baker from Okmulgee, Oklahoma. ""I think he should have started punching sooner.""

Better late than never, said Greg Strimple, a Republican pollster and former adviser to the National Republican Senatorial Committee.

""The Rubio campaign needs to set-up a contrast on Trump, equate Trump to the culture of corruption Americans hate — where the rich get richer and middle class pays the price,"" Strimple said.

Rubio says there's time, but none to waste.

""If you sense a sense of urgency, it's not just about winning,"" Rubio said. ""It's about the idea that the party of Reagan and the conservative movement could fall into the hands of a con man, who's pulling the ultimate con job on the American people.""",1
4309,Fiorina: Breakout debate performance has sparked 'uptick' in financial support,"Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina said Sunday that her breakout performance during the last week’s debates has created a surge in support and that she can ascend to win the party nomination.

“The truth is the race has just started,” Fiorina, a former Hewlett-Packard chief executive, told “Fox News Sunday.” “It’s game on.”

Fiorina failed to qualify for the prime-time Fox News Channel debate Thursday night for the top-10 ranked GOP candidates. So she competed with the seven others in a forum before the main event.

Still, just the exposure was key to her campaign because as a first-time presidential candidate she lacked name recognition, Fiorina said.

“It was a big night for me,” she told Fox. “Only 40 percent of Republicans had heard my name. … There’s been an uptick in financial support, in support generally.”

Nevertheless, Fiorina, the only major female candidate in the 2016 Republican field, will have a tough time breaking into the top tier or winning the nomination, considering she has consistently ranked among the last in most major polls.

And she is ranked 13th among 15 candidates with 1.3 percent of the vote, according to the most recent averaging of polls by the nonpartisan website RealClearPolitics.com

Beyond the problem of name recognition, Fiorina will continue to have to defend her tenure at Hewlett-Packard where she laid off 30,000 employees and was eventually fired.

On Sunday, Fiorina argued, as she has since the start of the campaign, that she kept the company alive in the post-9/11 and dotcom bubbles.

“Sometimes, in tough times tough calls are necessary,” she said, adding she was fired in a “board room brawl.”

Fiorina said she will continue to do what she has since the start of the race, attack the top candidates, Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton, and work hard on the campaign trail.

She said Trump has ""no excuse"" for attacking Fox new anchor Megyn Kelly for her tough questions to him during the debate.

""There’s no excuse for this,"" she said. ""It’s her job to ask tough questions.""

Fiorina, whose platform includes cutting the size of government and economic growth through the support of small business, also said: ""I’m throwing every punch. ... I’m going to keep working hard, keep doing what I’ve been doing since day one -- keep talking to people and answering their questions.”",1
3735,Waco biker gang shootout kills 9 outside Twin Peaks,"Waco, Texas (CNN) A memo has gone out to law enforcement in the wake of Sunday's shooting, warning officers that members of the Bandidos and Cossacks motorcycle gangs reportedly had been instructed to arm themselves and travel to north Texas.

""Obviously it's something we're concerned about. We would encourage biker groups to stand down. There's been enough bloodshed. There's been enough death here,"" Waco police Sgt. W. Patrick Swanton told CNN's ""Anderson Cooper 360"" on Monday night.

By the time the Sunday melee was over, at least nine people were dead, 18 were hospitalized and at least 170 were arrested and charged.

The biker gang members who began beating, stabbing and shooting each other in a Texas Twin Peaks restaurant knew the police were outside; they just didn't care, Swanton said.

For two months, police concerned with the bikers' presence at Twin Peaks, which hosted special events for its leather-clad clientele, had patrolled outside -- and not in plain clothes and unmarked cars, either.

""We wanted our presence to be known,"" Swanton told reporters. ""They knew we were seconds away and going to respond. That mattered not to them.""

The United Clubs of Waco billed Sunday's event as the Texas Region 1 Confederation of Clubs and Independents meeting. Before the restaurant and surrounding parking lots became a bloody battleground, the Waco Police Department had 18 officers on the scene, including an assistant chief and tactical officers, along with four officers with the Texas Department of Public Safety, Swanton said.

An altercation in the bathroom seems to have sparked the violence. Shots were fired inside the eatery and a brawl spilled onto the patio area, before scores of men flooded the parking lot in broad daylight. Some bikers were beaten with brass knuckles, clubs and chains, while others were stabbed or shot, Swanton said.

When police responded -- within 30 to 45 seconds because of their proximity -- the bikers turned their weapons on law enforcement, he said.

""Our officers took fire and responded appropriately, returning fire,"" the sergeant said.

As police rounded up suspects and paramedics tended to the injured, investigators found eight bodies -- three in the parking lot behind Twin Peaks, four near the front of the restaurant and one that had been dragged behind a nearby establishment, Swanton said. More than 100 weapons were confiscated as well, he said.

Another victim died at a hospital, where doctors treated patients for gunshots, stab wounds, blunt-force trauma or some combination of the three.

According to a law enforcement source, preliminary information indicates that four of the bikers killed were killed by police gunfire. The investigation continues and the ballistics will be analyzed to determine for certain who was responsible for each shooting.

Swanton called it ""the most violent and gruesome scene that I have dealt with"" in three and a half decades of law enforcement.

The scores of suspects, who hail from five different biker gangs, remained locked up in the McLennan County Jail on Monday facing charges of engaging in organized crime, Swanton said.

Prosecutors and investigators could level other charges -- and capital murder charges are expected to be among them, given the body count -- but the organized crime charge is ""pretty serious,"" he said.

""It doesn't get much more significant than that,"" he said.

McLennan County Sheriff Parnell McNamara said that bond was being set at $1 million for each of the 170 people in custody.

Swanton would not release the names of the gangs involved. Photos from the scene showed bikers wearing the insignias of the Cossacks, Bandidos, Scimitars and Vaqueros, but it was not clear if the photographed gang members were involved in the fighting.

As Swanton briefed reporters at the crime scene Monday afternoon, 24 hours after the brawl, he said tactical units remained on the scene to protect journalists and investigators. Police hoped to finish processing the scene by sundown, he said.

The Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission shut down the Twin Peaks location, known for ""bike nights"" and its risque dress code for servers, for the next week. It wasn't a punitive measure, Swanton said; rather, it was closed because there's ""enough of a reason to believe that more violence would occur there, had they been allowed to remain open for the next seven-day period,"" he said.

Later Monday morning, the commission said it was suspending the restaurant's liquor license for those seven days while its agents investigate what happened. The investigation could yield anything from a fine to the permanent revocation of Twin Peaks' liquor license, commission spokesman Chris Porter said.

There have been no previous complaints or actions taken against the eatery, he added.

""We are in the people business and the safety of the employees and guests in our restaurants is priority one,"" the restaurant chain's statement read. ""Unfortunately the management team of the franchised restaurant in Waco chose to ignore the warnings and advice from both the police and our company, and did not uphold the high security standards we have in place to ensure everyone is safe at our restaurants.""

It further said the corporate office would be ""revoking their franchise agreement immediately. Our sympathies continue to be with the families of those who died and are very thankful no employees, guests, police officers or bystanders were hurt or injured.​""

The Waco restaurant's Facebook account, which had been a landing page for harsh criticism of the franchise, was deleted shortly thereafter.

Swanton slammed Twin Peaks after the bloodshed Sunday, saying the franchise failed to help avoid trouble and ignored the police department's advice to try to keep biker gangs away from the restaurant.

""Are we frustrated? Sure, because we feel like there may have been more that could have been done by a business to prevent this,"" Swanton said.

He said Twin Peaks has a right to deny entry to known biker gangs.

Before word came of the franchise being revoked, Jay Patel, operating partner at the Waco Twin Peaks, said his staff was cooperating with police.

""We are horrified by the criminal, violent acts that occurred outside of our Waco restaurant today,"" Patel said Sunday night on Facebook. ""We share in the community's trauma.""

The franchise released a statement Monday, saying it was working hard to learn the facts about the shooting.

""It is important to clarify that, to the best of our knowledge, law enforcement officials did not ask either the Waco restaurant operator (with whom they spoke several times) or the Twin Peaks franchisor to cancel the patio reservation that was made on Sunday.

""Based on the information to date, we also believe that the violence began outside in the area of the parking lot, and not inside our restaurant or on our patio, as has been widely reported,"" it read.

Even after the chaos subsided, Waco police continued arresting people arriving at the scene with weapons.

Swanton warned other biker gang members against coming to Waco to reignite the violence.

""We have been getting reports throughout the day that bikers from out of state are headed this way,"" he told KTVT on Sunday. ""We would encourage them not to, because we have plenty of space in our county jail to put them there.""",1
1243,Turnout is name of the game in Iowa caucuses,"The 2016 presidential contenders are begging their Iowa supporters to get to the caucuses Monday and Donald Trump, true to form, is in-your-face about it.

""You're from Iowa,"" Trump told a Dubuque crowd Saturday. ""Are you afraid of snow?""

A snowfall forecast to start Monday night appeared more likely to hinder the hopefuls in their rush out of Iowa than the voters who will be flocking to the caucuses in the first contest of the presidential campaign.

Still, there was every reason for candidates to be urgent about turnout in tight races on both sides.

Democrat Bernie Sanders called it a tossup with Hillary Clinton and said every caucus-goer counts.

Republican Ted Cruz directed much of his final advertising against Marco Rubio as the senators' feud grows even more bitter in the final days.

Texan Cruz, considered Trump's chief rival in Iowa, took to the airwaves to challenge the conservative credentials of Rubio, the Floridian who's running third in Iowa, according to the polls.

One ad said of Rubio: ""Tax hikes. Amnesty. The Republican Obama.""

""The desperation kicks in,"" Rubio said in response. ""From my experience, when people start attacking you it's because you're doing something right.""

Iowa offers only a small contingent of the delegates who will determine the nominees, but the game of expectations counts for far more than the electoral math in the state. Campaigns worked aggressively to set those expectations in their favor (meaning, lower them) for Iowa, next-up New Hampshire and beyond.

Rubio strategist Todd Harris said the Iowa goal is to end up behind the flamboyant Trump and the highly organized Cruz.

""There's no question we are feeling some wind at our back,"" Harris told The Associated Press. But, he added, ""It's very hard to compete with the greatest show on earth and the greatest ground game in Iowa history.""

In the last major preference poll before the caucuses, Trump had the support of 28 percent of likely Republican caucus-goers, with Cruz at 23 percent and Rubio at 15 percent. The Iowa Poll, published by The Des Moines Register and Bloomberg, also found Clinton with 45 percent support to Sanders' 42 percent in the Democratic race. The poll was taken Tuesday to Friday and has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.

""I don't have to win it,"" Trump told CBS' ""Face the Nation,"" before adding that he believes he has ""a good chance"" of victory.

He said he was confident of taking the New Hampshire primary on Feb. 9, and many others down the road. ""One of the reasons that I'll win and, I think, none of the other guys will win is because I'm going to get states that they'll never get."" Trump cited Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Florida, along with strong hopes for New York and Virginia.

Cruz's campaign was challenged by Iowa Secretary of State Paul Pate over a mailer sent to potential voters that seemed designed to look like an official notice warning recipients about ""low expected voter turnout in your area."" The mailer refers to a ""voting violation"" and grades the recipient's voting history and that of several neighbors, citing public records.

Pate said Cruz's campaign ""misrepresents Iowa election law."" There's ""no such thing as an election violation related to frequency of voting,"" he said, and insinuating otherwise is ""not in keeping in the spirit of the Iowa caucuses.""

Cruz brushed off the fuss. ""I will apologize to nobody for using every tool we can to encourage Iowa voters to come out and vote,"" he said.",1
1928,CPAC Conservatives Skeptical Of Another Bush,"Establishment Republicans like the former governor of Florida rarely do so at an event dominated by a young, libertarian wing of the party. Bush's task, on the other hand, is to pay his respects and avoid any costly errors, such as Mitt Romney’s “severely conservative” outing at the same conference in 2012. The format of the event -- a 20-minute question-and-answer session with Fox News host Sean Hannity -- plays to Bush's strengths, but also carries risk, as it will likely cover hostile territory.

Bush's attendance also gives conservatives an opportunity to shape the debate in their favor, as well as a chance to protest moderate elements of the party that failed to sweep a Republican into the White House in the last two presidential elections.

The main sticking point regarding another Bush presidential campaign, at least according to some conservatives at the conference, is his support for the Common Core academic standards. Bush has said he would remain committed to the standards if he runs for president, a politically fraught move given their unpopularity in the Republican Party. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, Bush’s likely rivals in the 2016 race who once supported the standards, have since renounced them.

Dorothy Marsh, a retired teacher of 40 years from Jacksonville, Florida, said her son shared a class with “little Jeb” in high school. Despite her familiarity with the man, Marsh took issue with his enthusiastic embrace of Common Core, which she described as overly restrictive.

“Teachers need to have creativity in their classroom,” Marsh told The Huffington Post on Thursday. “The last few years, I felt like I got up and put on clothes that didn’t fit. I was wearing someone else’s clothes. This is not the way I reach children and I wasn’t being an effective teacher because I wasn’t comfortable in what I was doing.”

Emmett McGroarty of the American Principles Project, a Republican group that advocates for immigration reform and opposes Common Core, said he was concerned the issue may cause long-term damage. He sketched out a worst-case scenario should the party ultimately nominate a candidate like Bush.

“I think almost all the candidates on the Republican side will be against the Common Core. That could fracture the vote and you could end up with a pro-Common Core nominee,” McGroarty said. “In the general [election], that pro-Common Core nominee will run against likely Hillary Clinton, who has no Common Core baggage. And that is going to make the Republican candidate, I think, unelectable. Because the conservative voters will be disappointed, their turnout will be suppressed and low.”

The absence of visible support for Bush was conspicuous throughout the sprawling Gaylord National Resort and Conference Center on Thursday, where backers of other GOP candidates flaunted T-shirts and banners, and handed out stickers. Some attendees said that they were willing to hear Bush out, but he wasn’t the first choice in their hearts or in their CPAC straw poll selections -- the results of which will be announced on Saturday.

""He's too moderate, like his brother,” Bill Bergmeier said of Bush. “They both move too much towards the Democrat side."" An Iowa native, Bergmeier said he is looking forward to voting in his state's first-in-the-nation Republican caucus next year, but has no plans to vote for Bush. ""I like Ted Cruz, Scott Walker, and Sarah Palin,"" he said.

Jeffrey Capella, a self-identified ""staunch neo-conservative,"" said he doesn't have ""any real hesitations"" about Bush's candidacy. Nonetheless, Bush was not Capella's first choice in the CPAC straw poll. ""I chose [Florida Sen.] Marco Rubio as my first pick,"" he said. ""But Jeb Bush was number two.""

Other conference-goers voiced concerns about Bush's family name and the difficulties it could give the candidate in the general election. Bush recently declared himself “my own man” in an attempt to distance himself from his brother’s legacy of costly wars and economic catastrophe. But questions remain as to whether he can withstand direct attacks from his fellow Republicans once the campaign is truly underway.

""I see a strong candidate, but I just wonder what his strategy is going to be,"" said Austin von Henner, a student at Southern Adventist University in Tennessee. Von Henner said he appreciated that Bush has ""a firm position"" on issues like education and immigration policy, but acknowledged they could ""use some fine-tuning"" before 2016. ""For a conservative mind, he is, all-in-all, a good candidate.""

Still, there was a sense that, if push comes to shove, and Bush is the only option on the table, some conservatives could hold their nose and vote the party line like they did for Romney in 2012.",1
642,Sanders signals the end is near,"""One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign,"" he said.",1
1442,Donald Trump could 'shoot somebody and not lose voters',"""I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters,"" Trump said at a campaign rally here.

After the event, Trump declined to answer when asked by CNN to clarify his comments.

The GOP front-runner has repeatedly pointed to the loyalty of his supporters, many of whom tell reporters and pollsters that almost nothing could make them change their mind about voting for Trump in the presidential race.

Trump's comments come as the debate about gun violence in America has taken center stage in American political discourse amid several highly publicized mass shootings.",1
660,Democratic primaries: Clinton claims nomination victory,"Hillary Clinton celebrated her status as the first woman to win a major party’s presidential nomination on Tuesday evening in Brooklyn – and then turned quickly from history to politics, attacking GOP rival Donald Trump as a bully who wanted to “take America backwards.”

“To be great, we can’t be small,” Clinton told a cheering crowd in Brooklyn, previewing a general-election campaign in which she will attack Trump as vulgar, erratic and divisive. Clinton cast the election as a test of national identity: “This election is different. It really is about who we are as a nation…We are better than this. We won’t let this happen in America. And if you agree, whether you’re a Democrat, Republican or independent, I hope you will join us.”

Clinton’s speech came on a night when she won primaries in New Jersey and New Mexico, and lost the caucuses in North Dakota to rival Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.). Races in two other states – South Dakota and Montana – remain too close to call, with Clinton narrowly in the lead in both. Polls in California, the biggest prize of the night, closed at 11 p.m. Eastern time.

Clinton’s speech had been robbed of some of its drama, after the Associated Press declared Monday night that she had gathered enough delegates to win the nomination. But Clinton sought to re-create it, entering to a song with the refrain “I want to see you be brave,” and citing the work of early suffragettes in fighting for women’s right to vote. She noted that the room she was speaking in was a giant greenhouse.

“It may be hard to see tonight, but we are all standing under a glass ceiling right now. But don’t worry, we’re not smashing this one,” Clinton said, in a reference to her concession speech from the 2008 election, when she said that the “glass ceiling” had about 18 million cracks in it, a reference to the votes she’d received in a losing primary campaign against then-Sen. Barack Obama (Ill.). “Thanks to you, we’ve reached a milestone. The first time in our nation’s history that a woman will be a major party’s nominee.”

Clinton also used the speech to reach out to Sanders, who had threatened to push their primary contest all the way to the party’s convention in Philadelphia.

“Now I know it never feels good to put your heart into a cause or a candidate, that you believe in, and to come up short. I know that feeling well,” Clinton said. “But as we look ahead, to the battle that awaits, let’s remember all that unites us.”

She then recited a series of attacks on Trump, hoping that Sanders supporters – and Sanders himself – might see the Republican as an enemy they held in common with Clinton.

Sanders himself has not indicated what he will do after Tuesday. He is reportedly going to speak late at night, after the results from California begin to come in.

Sanders, a self-described “Democratic socialist” from Vermont, rocketed out of obscurity with an urgent call to fight income inequality and big money in politics. He gave Clinton an unexpectedly close race, but now trails her in votes, “pledged” delegates and un-pledged superdelegates. And, after Tuesday night, there will be no more states to fight over. Only the D.C. primary remains.

Sanders’s showing in Tuesday’s races — especially in California, where the race could be close — may determine whether he tries to fight on to the party convention, seeking to “flip” super-delegates committed to Clinton.

In a news conference at one of his golf clubs on Tuesday night, Trump attacked Clinton for her use of a private email server, and called her a symbol of a “corrupt system.”

“There’s one thing we all have learn. We can’t fix the rigged system by relying on very – and I mean this so, so strongly – on the very people who rigged it. And they rigged it. We can’t solve our problems by relying on the politicians who created our problems,” Trump said. He promised a speech next week that would delve into the problems of the Clintons.

Trump – reading, uncharacteristically, from a prepared text – made a pitch for voters supporting Sanders. “To all of those Bernie Sanders voters, who have been left out in the cold…we welcome you with open arms,” he said.

At the same time, Trump seemed to speak to his fellow Republicans, trying to reassure them after an awful week in which the presumptive GOP nominee attacked a federal judge, saying he was biased against Trump in an ongoing fraud cause because the judge is “Mexican.” The judge is American, born in Indiana to parents who were Mexican immigrants. It seemed to be a simultaneous rejection by Trump of both the American melting pot, and public trust in the judicial branch.

Trump did not mention the case, or the judge. But he told Republicans, “I will never, ever let you down.”

As a sign of the Democratic Party’s effort to close ranks around Clinton, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi announced her support Tuesday just before polls opened in her home state, California.

Speaking in an interview with George Stephanopolous on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” Pelosi emphasized the need for her party to coalesce soon for the general election.

“Bernie knows better than anyone what’s on the line in the election and that we at some point have to unify as we go forward,” he said. “He wants to influence the platform. I think that’s fine.”

Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.), the one sitting senator who has endorsed Sanders, said in an interview Tuesday that it is important to allow the remaining six states and the District of Columbia to vote before declaring a presumptive Democratic nominee. But he added that just as Obama and Clinton saw “the lay of the land” in 2008 after all the primary voters cast their ballots, “we’ll soon be able to see the parts of the party work together to unite.”

[Sanders’s supporters lash out as chances slip away]

“I think we’ll be absolutely united in making sure the self-promoting huckster named Donald Trump never becomes president of the United States,” he said, adding that Clinton should learn from Sanders’s connection with voters. “If Secretary Clinton is the nominee, she will not win in November without a deep and profound and passionate understanding of the issues that have so moved the grass roots in America.”

Clinton’s pivot to the race against Trump unofficially began last week with a withering speech on foreign policy in which she shredded the real estate mogul’s qualifications and temperament. Those attacks have continued this past weekend at appearances up and down California and have been received with unprecedented enthusiasm by her supporters.

“Donald Trump is not qualified to be president of the United States of America, but we can’t just say that assume everybody understands it,” she said at a star-studded “She’s With Us” concert at the Los Angeles Greek Theatre on Monday night. “We have to make the case and organize and mobilize.”

Clinton has faced an unexpectedly strong and increasingly contentious challenge from Sanders, and there is the possibility that the senator will keep battling her even now that she has effectively sewn up the nomination. Sanders has said it made no sense to declare the race over until the votes of the superdelegates are counted next month at the convention.

After finishing breakfast with his family in San Francisco, the senator sounded upbeat about the remaining primaries.

“I think we’ve got a shot,” he said outside The Butler & The Chef bistro as he greeted a throng of cheering supporters. “I’m feeling great.”

Before the polls opened Tuesday, Sanders’s campaign manager sent an email to supporters acknowledging that the reported delegate count for Clinton could suppress voter turnout. But the message asked for help in phoning California voters so that Sanders could “defy the pundits once more” and “shock the establishment.”

[How Bernie Sanders missed his chance to beat Hillary Clinton]

“We know that this race is going to carry on until the delegates cast ballots at the convention in Philadelphia,” said campaign manager Jeff Weaver. “We should let the voters decide who they want the Democratic nominee to be rather than having the media decide for them. I am asking you to continue to stand with Bernie in pushing for the political revolution.”

Sanders met with some voters in the Bay Area later Tuesday morning and then flew to the Los Angeles area, where he was to tape an interview with Lester Holt of “NBC Nightly News” in Burbank and then hold an election night rally in Santa Monica.

Outside the coffee shop where Sanders ate, voters appeared split about what path Sanders should pursue. Kyle Sorrels, a 25-year-old engineer and self-described progressive, described Clinton “as unacceptable as Donald Trump to be the president” and said that he had informed his employer he would move to Berlin if either candidate won in November.

“My hope is that Hillary gets indicted in the next few weeks and Bernie gets it,” he said. As he walked away he said to no one in particular, “Feel the Bern! Hillary for prison!”

Bobby Schultz, 38, an independent voter and a software developer from San Bruno, Calif., who was sipping coffee with friends nearby, said he was “surprised” Sanders was still running.

“I really like Bernie, but as this point the race is pretty much over,” he said.

Tuesday marks the exact anniversary of the day eight years ago when Clinton conceded the Democratic nomination to then-Sen. Obama. The president could endorse Clinton as soon as this week, not waiting for the Democratic convention in July, according to White House press secretary Josh Earnest.

Speaking to reporters Tuesday, Earnest said that out of respect for the ongoing voting, “I’m not going to declare a winner from here.” But he emphasized that Obama intends “to make his voice heard in coming together” behind the presumptive nominee and planned to play a role in brokering a rapprochment between the two candidates.

He added that Obama’s endorsement could influence Republicans, not just Democrats, given his seven and-a-half years in the job. “The president is an important validator.”

An Obama endorsement would be a significant boost to Clinton as she seeks to unify Democrats after the difficult primaries. It would send a strong message to Sanders and his supporters that they should coalesce around Clinton, something Sanders has indicated he is far from ready to do.

“Obviously, I’m excited about having the president’s support, because I have said throughout this campaign I was honored to serve in the president’s Cabinet,” Clinton said.

Phillip reported from Los Angeles. Juliet Eilperin and John Wagner in Washington and Robert Costa in San Francisco contributed to this report.",1
480,First take: A great jobs report for investors,"The jobs report met expectations for once, and that's good news for stock and bond investors.

The U.S. economy added 223,000 jobs in April, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Economists missed by just a whisker: The consensus from Action Economics was 225,000 new jobs. The unemployment rate, at 5.4%, would be the lowest since May 2008.

For once, there wasn't much to hate about the jobs report. Stock investors liked the signs of a growing economy. For example, construction added 45,000 jobs, and those are good jobs that pay well.

""That's a very good sign for things to come,"" says Joanie Courtney, senior vice president, market development at Monster.com.

And the bond market, which is usually only happy when it rains, rallied on the report as well. The bellwether 10-year Treasury note yield fell to 2.19% in early trading.

It wasn't all puppies and unicorns.The March report was revised down strongly, to 85,000 jobs from 126,000. Manufacturing added just 1,000 jobs, and the oil sector lost 3,000 jobs.

Because all investment questions these days seem to revolve around when the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates, the April report didn't add much pressure to the Fed to nudge its key fed funds rate higher. You need strong wage increases to create a wage/price spiral, and the 0.1% increase in hourly wages wasn't strong.

""I'm surprised we're not seeing more movement in wages,"" Courtney says. ""Usually in a recovery, you start to see more movement."" But the April report looks only at hourly wages, and not the wages of salaried workers.

For investors, then, the April jobs report was the best of all possible worlds. It showed decent hiring, but nothing so exuberant that would push the Fed to tap the brakes.",1
5164,Donald Trump's Super Pac backers worry candidate's errors are piling up,"Super Pacs backing Donald Trump are off to a slow and rather rocky start as they try to raise funds because the candidate’s rhetoric and policy pronouncements are still so incendiary and he has sent mixed signals about how much financial help he wants from outside groups.



Trump’s campaign war chest is dwarfed by Hillary Clinton’s, who had $42.5m in the bank at the start of June compared with her Republican rival’s $1.3m, according to the Federal Election Commission. Trump has taunted big donors repeatedly, and bragged for months that his campaign was not going to rely on them or Super Pacs, before appearing to change his tune more recently.

Several donors backing Trump told the Guardian that the candidate’s errors are piling up. “He’s got to learn not to put his foot in his mouth,” said Stan Hubbard, a billionaire broadcaster who has donated $100,000 to the pro-Trump Great America Pac. “He needs a clearer message without name-calling.” Hubbard also called Trump’s recent trip to Scotland – where he was criticized for hailing the plunge in the pound post-Brexit as good for his golf course there – a mistake. “He should have let his kids do it.”

Likewise, potential Super Pac donors say Trump badly needs to curb his bombastic rhetoric and craft a better message. Michael Epstein, who raised big money for Wisconsin governor Scott Walker and plans to vote for Trump but also “hold my nose and pray”, said that he might back a Super Pac if Trump has a strong GOP convention next month and really “turns it around”. But Epstein added: “I’m less and less hopeful. He can’t get out of his own way. He’s going to have to demonstrate more presidential behavior. They’re behind the eight ball and they’ve got to move fast.”

Four key pro-Trump Super Pacs have been formally launched, but between them they have run only about $5m in ads. By contrast, the leading pro-Clinton Super Pac, Priorities USA Action, in mid-May began a massive television and digital ad blitz in key states reportedly slated to cost almost $130m.

Signs of turmoil and slow growth among the Trump Super Pacs, which unlike campaigns can accept unlimited donations, are palpable.

Texas mega-donor Doug Deason, who in tandem with his billionaire father Darwin Deason recently met with Trump, said that the candidate’s top fundraiser had signaled to them that a new Super Pac, Make America Number One, backed by hedge fund billionaire Robert Mercer, was deemed the “official” one. In a twist, Make America Number One will seek big checks from GOP donors who are not ready to back Trump but want to stop Clinton, according to Bloomberg.

Deason said that he and his father would probably write a check to a Super Pac but stressed that “we’re waiting to see what Sheldon Adelson does”, a reference to billionaire Adelson, who has pledged some $100m to help Trump – which Deason thinks is the amount needed for a Super Pac to really have an impact.

Adelson has been considering setting up his own Super Pac and talking to key Republican operatives about cobbling one together to help Trump, fundraising sources told the Guardian.

But the casino baron has been typically cautious and slow in opening his checkbook after at least two meetings with Trump since late May.

Adelson is said to be talking to some other wealthy donors – including Home Depot co-founder Bernie Marcus and energy investor Toby Neugebauer – about teaming up on a Super Pac, say fundraising sources.

One GOP operative with ties to Adelson told the Guardian that the casino mogul may put up his funds in installments, predicting that about half would come after Trump picks his running mate. The operative said Adelson has been pressing Trump to choose the casino owner’s longtime ally Newt Gingrich, the ex-House speaker, or another staunchly pro Israel figure who shares Adelson’s hawkish views on Israel. “Adelson is very succinct about his expectations,” said the operative.

Meanwhile, the existing Super Pacs are trying mightily with mixed success to bring in big checks. The Great America Pac, which boasts veteran GOP operative Ed Rollins as a strategist, organized two events in June to woo big donors in Dallas and New York, where a luncheon at the 101 Club was hosted by Peter Kalikow, a wealthy real estate executive and Trump buddy.

Eric Beach, the co-chair of Great America, said the Pac has raised $5m and has commitments for another $4m. The Pac has plans for a few more events to court big donors in Los Angeles and Oregon before the Republican national convention and by election day hopes to raise $150m, he said.

In June, the Pac launched a three-week, $750,000 ad buy on Fox and cable channels to promote Trump. “Donors care about a path to victory,” Beach said, adding that he expects the Pac to focus on about 10 key states including Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania.

Other pro-Trump Pacs are ramping up their fundraising and ad drives.

Laurance Gay, the managing director of the Super Pac Rebuilding America Now and a former lobbyist and one-time partner of Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, said it had raised $2m, most of which has paid for two TV ads.

“Our Pac is gearing up to keep Hillary Clinton’s head under water through the elections,” Gay said.

Rebuilding America Now expect to raise and spend close to $20m through the GOP convention next month and then hope to raise another $80m for the rest of the campaign season, Gay said.

The Guardian has learned that Gay and Tom Barrack, a private equity executive and old friend of Trump’s who played a big role in getting the Super Pac launched and told CNN it had $32m in commitments, met with Adelson in June to woo him but it is unclear if they will get a check. Gay said that it was no secret that “we’re well behind in fundraising”.

More broadly, veteran money man Fred Malek, who has been a top fundraiser for GOP governors, cautions that Trump’s policies and temperament pose obstacles for Super Pac fundraising Malek stresses that GOP donors and voters, “want to see a nominee who is more inclusive rather than divisive and recognizes that politics is a game of addition and not a game of subtraction.”",1
629,Trump’s tragic victory lap,"""One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign,"" he said.",1
4575,"Trump protests intensify, as doubts swirl about spontaneity","With tens of thousands of people taking to the streets to protest Donald Trump’s presidential election victory, questions are swirling about whether the anger is as organic as advertised.

From coast to coast, demonstrators are burning flags and effigies of the president-elect while declaring that they refuse to accept Trump’s victory. But observers online are claiming that, in some cases, protesters were bused to the scenes - a telltale sign of coordination.

“Anti-Trump protestors in Austin today are not as organic as they seem,” one local in the Texas capitol tweeted Wednesday, along with photos offered as evidence.

Others claimed to have found ads posted on CraigsList in which a Seattle-based non-profit was soliciting “Full-Time Activists.”

“We are looking for motivated individuals who are seeking Full-Time, Part-Time, and Permanent positions,” reads a line from the ad from Washington CAN! posted on Wednesday.

Rumors have also been circulating that the new batch of anti-Trump protesters has been bankrolled by individuals like billionaire liberal activist George Soros and groups like Moveon.org.

“WTF, @georgesoros busing in & paying #protestors to destroy cities is domestic #terrorism. #fakeProtests #BlueLivesMatter have tough days,” read one tweet in response to the viral picture of buses in Austin.

Another theory floated on social media is that many of the signs that were distributed at rallies across the country appeared to be exactly the same, indicating they were printed and distributed by an organized group.

Wednesday’s protests occurred in nearly every major city, and more are expected to come in the days leading up to President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration.

Some of the most troubling dissent was in the city of New

 Orleans where protesters wound up defacing the Lee Memorial, spray painting “Die Whites Die” and “F--- Trump” and “F--- White People.”

Other messages scrawled on the memorial included ""F--- Pence"" and ""We are ungovernable"" next to a symbol of the letter ""A"" in a circle -- protester shorthand for anarchy.

In Chicago, several thousand people marched through the Loop. They gathered outside Trump Tower, chanting “Not my president!” One resident, Michael Burke, told The Associated Press that the president-elect will divide the nation and stir up a deep-seated hatred.

Hundreds of protesters gathered near Philadelphia's City Hall despite chilly, wet weather. Participants — who included both supporters of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and independent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who lost to Clinton in the primary — expressed anger at both Republicans and Democrats over the election's outcome.

In Boston, thousands of anti-Trump protesters streamed through downtown, chanting ""Trump's a racist,"" and carrying signs that said ""Impeach Trump"" and ""Abolish Electoral College."" Clinton appeared to be on pace to win the popular vote, despite losing the electoral count that decides the presidential race.

In the Midwest, protesters gathered in Minneapolis, Omaha, Nebraska and Kansas City. Mo. The Des Moines Register also reported that Iowa’s capital city saw some people protest as well, though it was kept to small numbers.

On the West Coast, some of the protests became unruly with fires being started. Thousands of protesters burned a giant papier mache Trump head in Los Angeles and started fires in Oakland intersections.

Los Angeles demonstrators also beat a Trump piñata and sprayed the Los Angeles Times building and news vans with anti-Trump profanity. One protester outside LA City Hall read a sign that simply said ""this is very bad.""

Late in the evening Wednesday, several hundred people blocked one of the city's busiest freeways, U.S. 101 between downtown and Hollywood.

The Associated Press contributed to this story.

Perry Chiaramonte is a reporter for FoxNews.com. Follow him on Twitter at @perrych",1
557,The big problem Obama's free community college plan ignores,"When President Obama called for two years of free community college, he also argued that nearly everyone should attend — that education should extend not to the 12th grade but to the 14th. The goal, he said, is to make ""two years of college … as free and universal in America as high school is today.""

Some critics scolded Obama for emphasizing the importance of college over other paths. The plan ""bows to elites,"" wrote Megan McArdle: ""Education is a very good thing, but it is not the only good thing. An indiscriminate focus on pushing more people into the system is no cure for society's ills.""

But supporters and opponents of the plan both missed something big. Free community college wouldn't create an era of universal college enrollment because that era is already here. So many high school graduates go on to college already that it's unclear how much free tuition would boost attendance rates.

The real question is whether free community college can get kids through the door and signed up for their first higher-ed class. The big unknown is whether it can help more students graduate.

Going to college in the United States is already a nearly universal experience. By the time the high school class of 2004 turned 26, eight years after high school graduation, 86 percent had enrolled in college, according to an analysis of a nationally representative study from the William T. Grant Foundation.

That's not quite universal — it doesn't count high school dropouts. Still, the 86 percent of students who go to college includes a sizable proportion of high school graduates who didn't initially think they would. (The Education Department said 67 percent of the class of 2004 enrolled in college right away.)

The problem isn't college enrollment — it's college completion. Only about 59 percent of students who started college full-time at a four-year college in 2006 graduated by 2012.

For students who go to community college, graduation rates are even lower. Nearly half of students — 43 percent — who started community college in fall 2008 dropped out, according to the National Student Clearinghouse, which tracks graduation statistics. Another 18 percent were still enrolled six years later for a degree that should take two years. Fewer than half had earned any kind of degree at all.

Poor preparation from K-12 schools is certainly part of the problem. But it wasn't the only factor. In the high school class of 2004, 44 percent of students with high test scores who started at a community college still didn't earn a certificate or degree within eight years.

Obama knows the US has a college graduation problem. In 2009, in a televised address to Congress soon after his inauguration, he vowed to fix it. By 2020, he said, the US should be the best-educated country in the world. At the time, the US ranked 12th in the percentage of young adults with a college degree.

After six years, hundreds of millions of dollars spent by private foundations, and new policies from states and colleges meant to encourage graduation, the percentage of 25- to 34-year-olds with a college degree has increased — but only by about 3 percentage points, to 44 percent. Other nations have continued to improve more quickly. In South Korea, two-thirds of young adults have a college credential.

High school graduation rates show that progress can be slow and incremental.

In 1940, when starting high school was virtually universal nationwide, graduation rates were only around 50 percent. It took more than 30 years, until the late 1970s, for high school graduation to become anything close to the norm — and graduation rates later fell, only recently hitting an all-time high of 80 percent.

If high school is the example, a significant increase in college graduation rates could be decades, not just years, out on the horizon. But other countries have increased their graduation rates more quickly — Norway, Poland, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom among them.

But the near-universality of college attendance for high school graduates suggests getting still more students into college won't be enough. Free tuition alone won't solve the problem. Still, there are two ways Obama's plan could help.

First, the college dropout problem centers almost entirely on students from families in the middle class and below. In the wealthiest quartile of families, students who enter college are virtually guaranteed to graduate. For everyone else, it's at best a coin flip.

Part of the problem might be money. There's a familiar saying about students who drop out, particularly at community colleges: ""Life got in the way."" Students who struggle to work, or to afford transportation or child care, often get sidetracked on the way to a degree. Not having to pay tuition would free up students to use grants or loans for living expenses. Still, the maximum Pell Grant for low-income students isn't enough to live on for a full academic year, so it's not clear whether cheaper tuition would be enough to make a difference.

Second, the proposed community college plan is structured as a grant for states, with strings attached, to encourage reforms. In order to get the federal money meant to cover 75 percent of students' tuition, states would have to agree to ""evidence-based institutional reforms"" — strategies like the ASAP program at the City University of New York, an intense support system for community college students that has pushed three-year graduation rates for participants to over 50 percent.

Those programs have shown promise, and states and community college districts could adopt them even if Congress doesn't pass Obama's plan (and it probably won't). But they're also expensive. One lesson of the past few years: changing completion rates will take both time and money.",1
470,Millennials and Gen X worried retirement years won't be so golden,"Those who have the most years to save for retirement appear to be the most worried that when the time comes, they won't be financially ready.

That's a key finding from a new report released Tuesday by Bank of America and Merrill Edge.

The survey of more than 1,000 Americans found that among Gen Xers who were still working, 74% were most likely to believe they'll be financially stressed in retirement based on how they are currently putting money away. Among Millennials, 67% had the same fear.

That's in contrast to 59% of current retirees who say they aren't worried about money because of how they saved.

Some of that disparity can be attributed to the younger generations simply fearing the unknown.

""The retirees now know what their costs are in retirement,'' says Aron Levine, head of Merrill Edge at Bank of America. ""They know what they're spending in the near term, their health care costs, so it's a little easier to understand and look out over the next few years vs. Gen X and Millennials who are looking 20 to 25 years out in the future. The unknown, and everything they see and read, suggests a very stressful situation.''

But a big source of the stress is that the younger generations are juggling many situations, from aging parents to student loans.

It's ""that combination of having to deal with a lot of priorities and really focusing on paying down debt and the uncertainties around health care and other costs,'' Levine says.

Health care costs are a top worry, regardless of age, with 65% of all those surveyed saying that unexpected medical costs would strain their finances in retirement. A lack of Social Security benefits came in second, with 38% of respondents saying that would stress their budgets.

""What people do see is that (health care costs) keep going up, and the question ties into longevity,'' Levine says. ""If you're a Gen Xer or Millennial you say, 'I may live a lot longer than previous generations. ... How do I save if I'm going to live into my 90s?' ''

Apparently, a good number of Millennials believe the answer, in part, is getting money from family and friends. The report found 43% of that age group say they are counting on some financial help from loved ones if they need it in retirement. That may be tied into a belief that they'll get an inheritance to help tide them over, Levine says, ""and with Millennials in particular, sharing is becoming a big part of how they live. Zipcar and Uber and social media ... so thematically, for them it's reasonable to think they'll get help from people along the way.''

A better path however, would be to have a savings plan, and many Gen Xers (defined by the study as ages 35 to 49) and Millennials (ages 18-34) are not seeking help from a professional to create one.

The report found 24% of non-retirees are working on retirement goals with an adviser vs. 38% of retirees who did the same before quitting work.

""A lot of Gen Xers and Millennials are not seeking outside help to the degree previous generations did,'' Levine say, noting today's retired seniors ""had a plan. They stuck with it, they got help along the way, and now that plan has worked for them for 30 or 40 years.''

Eric Roberge, a certified financial planner whose business caters to Millennials, says that it's not too late for those who have been straggling with their savings to get on track.

""For Millennials, this is the time to take action around their finances,'' he says. ""This involves taking a hard look at their income and expenses and their assets and debt. These items make up their financial foundations.''

Next, he says, ""identify an amount of money that they can contribute to their retirement accounts. Saving early and often is a good recipe for creating an adequate amount of money that will support them in the future. Early on in our working years is the best time to start. And, at that time, the amount of money they are saving is much more important than how this money is invested.''

All the worry about the future might be leading to a silver lining, Levine says. The report found a significant bump in the percentage of people who say they're making their future finances a priority, jumping from 48% to 61% in one year.

""You may see that come through in signing up for the 401(k) at work and taking advantage of opportunities when they're given them to save more,'' Levine says.

""Emotions and stress are starting to drive better actions, whether it's thinking about how to save more, or taking specific actions to save more.''",1
2491,Initial prognosis poor for Obama’s immigration program at Supreme Court,"The conservative justices on the Supreme Court gave little indication Monday that they were inclined to fully revive President Obama’s stalled plan to shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation and give them the right to work legally in this country.

Instead, the court’s conservatives and liberals seemed split while hearing a challenge to the plan, and a 4-to-4 tie would leave in place a lower court’s decision that the president exceeded his powers in issuing the directive.

That would close Obama’s presidency with perhaps his biggest legal loss and leave in limbo about 4 million undocumented immigrants whom the initiative was intended to help: those who have been in the country since 2010, have committed no serious crimes, and have family ties to U.S. citizens or others lawfully in the country.

In questions and comments over 90 minutes, the Obama administration did not receive support from Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. or Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, seen as most likely among the four conservatives to let the program proceed.

But Monday’s oral arguments may not tell the whole story. Once the justices debate the case behind closed doors, they could be motivated to search for a compromise to avoid the image of a court at an impasse after the February death of Justice Antonin Scalia.

One possibility might be for the court to recognize the president’s authority to set priorities on whom to deport but to limit the impact of such a designation on an immigrant’s ability to receive work authorization or become eligible for government benefits.

GOP-led states and Republican members of Congress say the president’s November 2014 guidance on deportation states that those with deferred deportation “are lawfully present in the United States.” That term opens a number of opportunities and government benefits to them, according to Texas and 25 other states that have objected to the plan.

But Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr., representing the administration, denied that the language was legally significant; it would be more accurate to say the government is tolerating their presence, he said.

“If the court thinks it’s a problem and wants to put a red pencil through it . . . it’s totally fine,” Verrilli said.

Roberts tried that out on Erin E. Murphy, a lawyer for the U.S. House of Representatives, who was given time to argue against the administration’s policy.

“Why don’t we just cross out ‘lawfully present,’ as the SG has suggested?” Roberts asked.

“You can’t cross it out and achieve what” the president intends, Murphy said. Whatever one calls it, the administration means for those whose deportations are deferred to be able to legally work and receive government benefits, she said.

In the arguments, the court showed a familiar divide in confronting a fundamental tension of Obama’s tenure: whether the president is correctly using the substantial powers of his office to break through political gridlock, or whether he has ignored constitutional boundaries to unilaterally impose policies that should require congressional acquiescence.

[Here’s who will be affected by this immigration case]

But the future of the program depends on who takes Obama’s place. Republican presidential candidates have vowed to revoke it. Democrats have pledged to expand it.

The immigration program, Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA), would allow illegal immigrants in the affected categories to remain in the country and apply for work permits if they have been here at least five years and have not committed felonies or repeated misdemeanors. Obama announced the executive action in November 2014 after House Republicans did not act on comprehensive immigration reform.

The administration says the program is a way for a government with limited resources to prioritize which illegal immigrants it will deport. As a practical matter, the government has never deported more than 500,000 undocumented immigrants per year and often sends home far fewer than that.

Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was in agreement: “Inevitably, priorities have to be set.”

Added Justice Sonia Sotomayor: “So they are here, whether we want them or not.”

That’s correct, Verrilli said, and so the administration decided it would be better to have them be able to work legally.

[400,000 in Los Angeles could be shielded from deportation if justices give green light]

But Kennedy saw the action as doing much more than that. It seemed, he said, “that the president is setting the policy and the Congress is executing it. That’s just upside down.”

And Roberts said the administration saw no limit to Obama’s authority.

“Under your argument, could the president grant deferred removal to every . . . unlawfully present alien in the United States right now?” he asked Verrilli.

But Roberts did not seem convinced by Verrilli’s reference to specific undocumented immigrants whom Congress has said must be immediately removed, such as those who have committed crimes or are apprehended at the border.

Texas Solicitor General Scott A. Keller called Obama’s program “an unprecedented, unlawful assertion of executive power” and added that “DAPA would be one of the largest changes in immigration policy in our nation’s history.”

Sotomayor stopped him. “How can you say that?” she asked, noting that previous presidents have also protected specific groups from deportation.

The liberal justices seemed to agree with the administration’s contention that the states have no legal standing to sue, because it is up to the federal government to set immigration policy, and that the Department of Homeland Security did not violate federal statutes in devising the program.

Justice Stephen G. Breyer was most skeptical of Texas’s argument that it had standing to sue because of a state law requiring it to provide driver’s licenses to those authorized to work. He said it could lead to a flood of litigation on other matters.

Verrilli said Texas could be relieved of what it sees as its burden in other ways. But Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. said the government would insist that the immigrants who receive deferred deportation have access to driver’s licenses if offered to others.

At the beginning of the legal fight, U.S. District Judge Andrew S. Hanen agreed with the state that, because it would face a financial cost in providing driver’s licenses to those covered by the new program, Texas had standing to challenge the initiative.

A panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit upheld that decision on a 2-to-1 vote. Circuit Judge Jerry Smith rejected the administration’s argument that DAPA was a form of “prosecutorial discretion” in which a government with limited resources sets priorities for enforcement.

The program, Smith wrote, “is much more than nonenforcement: It would affirmatively confer ‘lawful presence’ and associated benefits on a class of unlawfully present aliens. Though revocable, that change in designation would trigger” eligibility for federal and state benefits “that would not otherwise be available to illegal aliens.”

The court granted time in the arguments to hear from the House of Representatives and from three “Jane Does” from Texas who would be eligible.

Murphy, representing the House, said even Obama did not originally think he possessed the power to take the action.

“Three years ago, the executive asked Congress to enact legislation that would have given it the power to authorize most of the people that are living in this country unlawfully to stay, work and receive benefits, and Congress declined,” she said. “Now the executive comes before this court with the extraordinary claim that it has had the power” all along.

Thomas A. Saenz of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund represented the Jane Does.

They “seek the opportunity to apply for discretionary, temporary and revocable relief from the daily fear that they will be separated from their families and detained or removed from their homes under the current nonuniform and frequently arbitrary federal immigration enforcement system,” he said.

The case is U.S. v. Texas .",1
2165,"Obama, muted on human rights, lifts arms embargo on Vietnam","The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
4846,Trump supporters a ‘basket of deplorables.' Is this Clinton's '47 percent' moment? (+video),"Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton told the country what she really thinks about many Donald Trump supporters when she lumped “half” of them into a xenophobic, homophobic, racist, and sexist “basket of deplorables” on Friday.

Although she cautioned her comments were “grossly generalistic,” the blunt commentary at a New York City fund-raiser specifically targeted the nebulous alt-right movement that Mr. Trump has courted, whose philosophical leaders in a press conference this week outlined their plans for an ethno-state where Jews might or might not be welcome.

Mrs. Clinton has never painted Trump as holding such views. But she has used the word “deplorable” to describe some of Trump’s rhetoric and last month said the Republican candidate is “taking hate groups mainstream” by turning alt-right websites with 11,000 views to ones with 11 million hits, a notion she repeated Friday night.

But using the quantifier “half” to describe some of his supporters crossed a new line, say critics. It was likened to the 2008 comment by Barack Obama claiming some Americans bitterly “cling” to guns and religion, and Mitt Romney’s 2012 statement that “47 percent” of Americans can be written off as unapologetic welfare moochers.

The flap comes as Clinton’s polling lead, according to a Saturday report by the Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation project, continues to slide. According to that rolling online survey, the battleground states of Ohio and Florida are no longer considered likely wins for Clinton as Trump has managed to shore up support among white suburban voters. Clinton still has an 83 percent chance of winning the election by an average of 47 Electoral College votes, Reuters/Ipsos reports.

Still, those polling shifts at least partly explain Clinton’s unusually strong assessment of some Trump supporters as part of an effort to let her potential voter base know what’s at stake, especially now that Trump has tapped into what she called some of America’s “irredeemable” impulses.

The harshening tone is part and parcel of one of the most polarized elections in recent history, where two widely disliked candidates are trying to shore up narrow bands of support.

But as Obama and Mr. Romney have found out, calling out  any segment of Americans for national scorn is politically risky territory in a country built on the First Amendment right to speak one’s mind without fear.

“The fact is, if somebody tells us to shut up, we’re going to speak as loud as we can,” says Michael Hill, the founder of the white nationalist League of the South. “From her point of view, what Hillary has done is stupid [by targeting Trump’s alt-right support], because she’s legitimizing these people in the minds of folks who may not have been aware that the alt-right existed. She’s basically saying, ‘All you white folks, you’re either going to come with me or go with the alt-right.’ Well, if I have to make a choice, maybe I’ll go look at these alt-right people. And I think that’s happening.”

At any rate, the internet blew up. Clinton supporters found it funny that Trump supporters were offended by a comment that many would say pales to some of Trump’s more politically incorrect quips. “Suddenly NOT being politically correct is a bad thing? Trump detractor Dawn Howard wrote on Twitter.

But Trump saw a clear opening to attack what his campaign characterized as a gaffe for which she should apologize.

“Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people,” Trump tweeted. “I think it will cost her at the Polls!

To be sure, Trump has made sport out of mocking political correctness, piling up a laundry list of dismissive statements about women, Hispanics, veterans, disabled people, Muslims and blacks.

But while Trump's sentiments are clearly resonating in large parts of the US, Vanderbilt University political scientist Marc Hetherington suggests Clinton is zeroing in a majority sentiment in the US that does skew against the alt-right’s white identity politics.

“It’s really important to keep in mind that there’s a really high percentage of whites who don’t organize their world around their racial identity at all, and in fact find the idea troubling,” says Prof. Hetherington.

At the same time, at least to some critics, the American left is to blame for the rise of the alt-right. Clinton’s ""basket of deplorables"" is an extension of a tendency by some liberals to demonize conservative thought, which has had the consequence of pushing many American moderates into Trump’s corner.

“By reflexively denouncing as a racist everyone who disagrees with them about economics, and by making every detail of ordinary life into a minefield of hidden racial transgressions, [the left has] burned up their own credibility,” commentator Robert Tracinski wrote earlier this year in The Federalist. “In the process, they have weakened the culture’s immune system against racism and made it possible for a young cohort of racists to repackage their odious creed as resistance to political correctness.”

At any rate, the condemnation of Trump's influence on the body politic has become a key part of the Clinton campaign narrative as Election Day nears. The notion is that Trump is “taking hate groups mainstream” in a way that disregards core American values such as equal rights, which is all ""profoundly dangerous.""

It's not an easy message to muster. In fact, on Thursday night Clinton criticized Trump for his “conspiracy theories like the lie that President Obama is not a true American.” She then added: ""If he doesn't respect all Americans, how can he serve all Americans?""

But after Friday night's comments, Americans clearly saw that Clinton just went down the same road.

At the same time, aside from admitting that she was generalizing, Clinton did empathize with many Trump voters “who feel that government has let them down, the economy has let them down, nobody cares about them, nobody worries about what happens to their lives and their futures. They are just desperate for change ….""

These Trump supporters, Clinton added, “don't buy everything he says,” but “hold out some hope that their lives will be different” with him as president. “They won't wake up and see their jobs disappear, lose a kid to heroin, feel like they're in a dead end. Those are people we have to understand and empathize with as well.”",1
2659,"Report on hiring, quits brightens labor market picture","Employers hired more workers in March even as the number of job openings fell slightly, the Labor Department said Tuesday.

The Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey points to a stronger labor market two months ago than another government report suggested Friday.

Labor said last week that employers added a net 85,000 jobs in March, including hiring and layoffs, as payroll growth sputtered amid frigid weather and a pullback in drilling by oil producers, among other factors. That was the lowest total since June 2012. Job gains rebounded to 223,000 in April.

Tuesday's JOLTS report provides a more granular view of employee movements and shows a more encouraging picture. The number of hires, for example, increased by 56,000 to about 5.1 million.

Hiring increased in retail, professional and business services, and leisure and hospitality. It declined in construction, manufacturing and education and health services.

Part of the reason net job gains were weak is that layoffs and discharges also picked up, rising by 105,000, or 6.2%, to 1.8 million. At least some of those job cuts were in the oil industry, which continues to shed workers in response to low crude prices.

Meanwhile, about 2.8 million Americans quit their jobs — the most since April 2008 — up from 2.7 million in February. A large number of quits is a sign of a dynamic labor market in which workers feel confident enough to leave one job for another.

Overall, the report ""helps ease concerns that the weak 85,000 (job gain total) for March was the start of a new trend,"" says Barclays Capital economist Jesse Hurwitz. ""Confidence remains intact.""

Less encouraging is that job openings fell by 150,000 to 5 million after hitting a 14-year high in February. But economist Daniel Silver of JPMorgan Chase notes that openings were still up about 18% from the year-ago period.

Another measure of the labor market's progress is that there were 1.7 unemployed workers for each job opening in March, down sharply from a high of 6.7 in 2009.

That shows the labor market is continuing to tighten, aiding job seekers, though at a slower pace than last year, Hurwitz says. He expects job gains to pick up to a solid monthly average of 200,000 to 225,000 for the rest of 2015. That would mark an uptick from the 184,000 monthly pace in the first quarter but a slowdown from last year's brisk clip of 260,000.

Last week, Labor said that employers added 223,000 jobs in April.",1
3199,"Reuters-Ipsos Poll: Trump, Bush in Virtual Dead Heat","Trump, a billionaire real estate developer, had the support of 15.8 percent of respondents in the online poll of self-identified Republicans compared to 16.1 percent for Bush, a former Florida governor.

They were followed by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie at 9.5 percent, Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul at 8.1 percent, surgeon and author Ben Carson at 7.2 percent and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker at 5.8 percent.

However, given a choice of three candidates - Bush, Trump or Florida Sen. Marco Rubio - Bush had a comfortable lead at 42 percent among the respondents in the Reuters-Ipsos Republican poll, compared to 28.4 percent for Trump and 20 percent for Rubio.

In the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton remained in front with the support of 48.3 percent of self-identified Democrats polled, with Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders continuing to inch up, at 22.9 percent, and Vice President Joe Biden, who has not entered the race, at 10.7 percent.

Numerous businesses including NBC Universal, Univision, Macy's, Serta and NASCAR have cut ties with Trump since he accused Mexico, in his June 16 speech announcing his candidacy, of sending rapists and other criminals into the United States. Trump on July 6 added that illegal border-crossers from Mexico are carrying ""tremendous infectious disease.""

The controversy over Trump's immigration comments has dominated news coverage of the Republican campaign in recent weeks, and he has climbed in the Reuters-Ipsos poll to draw essentially even with Bush. On June 30, the poll had Bush at 16.9 percent and Trump at 12.8 percent.

A hard line against illegal immigration may find a receptive audience in Republican primary voters, with U.S. conservatives often accusing President Barack Obama of doing too little to secure America's border with Mexico.

Trump also has accused Bush of being weak on illegal immigration, bringing Bush's Mexican-born wife into the debate. ""If my wife were from Mexico, I think I would have a soft spot for people from Mexico. I can understand that,"" Trump said in a CNN interview.

Trump has increasingly come under fire from some of his rivals for the Republican nomination including Bush.

""Everybody has a belief that we should control our borders,"" Bush said last week. ""But to make these extraordinarily kind of ugly comments is not reflective of the Republican Party. Trump is wrong on this.""

In the Reuters/Ipsos poll of the Republican race, 404 self-identified Republicans age 18 or over were questioned from July 6-10. The poll had a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 5.7 percentage points.

In the Reuters/Ipsos poll of the Democratic race, 504 self-identified Democrats age 18 or over were questioned over the same time period, with a credibility interval of 5.1 percentage points.",1
2986,House Negotiators Nearing Deal to Curb NSA Data Collection Powers,"House negotiators are close to a deal that would effectively end the National Security Agency’s controversial bulk data collection program, and congressional aides believe the bill is likely to win the endorsement of Sen. Patrick Leahy (D., Vt.), who opposed the legislation last year.",1
3298,"McConnell, after his no-shutdowns pledge, quickly finds himself boxed in","Less than six weeks on his powerful Capitol Hill perch, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) is on the verge of watching one of his most important promises — to never again shut down the government — go up in smoke.

Lawmakers on Friday began a 10-day hiatus, leaving them just four days when they return to pass funding for the Department of Homeland Security to avoid the shutdown of a key federal agency. The DHS budget fight follows an effort among GOP conservatives to roll back President Obama’s recent executive orders on immigration.

Conservatives are adamant that the security agency should be funded only if the legislation also overrules Obama’s orders, which prevent the deportation of millions of illegal immigrants. But Senate Democrats, even the few who oppose Obama’s moves, have blocked the House-passed legislation with repeated filibusters.

That has left McConnell trapped inside a legislative box that he had vowed to avoid — and one that for the previous four years his close ally, House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio), frequently wandered into without an exit strategy.

McConnell was determined not to repeat those mistakes.

“Let me make it clear: There will be no government shutdowns,” McConnell said the day after he won reelection and a Republican rout gave his party the Senate majority.

But this week, McConnell declared the Senate stuck, and in need of Boehner’s help. The speaker was not in a helping mood. Boehner said he has no interest in passing legislation through the House that could draw Democratic support in the Senate.

“The House has done its job,” Boehner told reporters Thursday. “We’ve spoken. And now it’s up to the Senate to do their job.”

A shutdown of one agency would not cause nearly the same disruptions as the October 2013 shutdown of the federal government, which resulted in national parks closing, furloughs of hundreds of thousands of federal workers and a general sense of disgust with Washington dysfunction. If no deal is reached, the Department of Homeland Security would deem many workers essential — particularly those overseeing border security, airline safety, disaster responses and domestic terror assessments — but even those federal workers would be going without an assurance of being paid.

Many Republicans fear that public reaction would mirror ­October 2013, when Republicans tried to force Obama to accept a funding plan that would have gutted his landmark health-care law. That shutdown cratered public support for Republicans, leaving them in a hole that took them almost a year to climb out of and McConnell adamant about not repeating the mistake.

In an interview just before he formally took over as majority leader, McConnell said his biggest political goal was a productive governance that was “not scary” to the public. He said his aim was to boost the Republican 2016 presidential nominee’s chances. Some Republicans fear that Democrats would win a DHS-shutdown fight by portraying the GOP majority as recklessly endangering national security over a political fight with Obama.

“I don’t think a shutdown of the department whose purpose is to secure our homeland is a good idea for anybody,” Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), the most outspoken critic of the 2013 strategy that led to a 16-day shutdown, said Thursday.

Some McConnell advisers suggest that a brief lapse in funding for one federal agency would not break his no-shutdowns promise. McConnell made no public mention of the DHS showdown, sticking to his comments that Boehner will have to make the next move.

“I think it’s clear we can’t go forward in the Senate unless you all have heard something I haven’t,” McConnell said. “And so the next move, obviously, is up to the House.”

The year-end funding showdown in December was built around the principle of avoiding this kind of brinkmanship, with Boehner and McConnell scuttling the possibility of a broad shutdown by agreeing to pass 11 of the 12 annual bills that fund the federal agencies.

The DHS was left out because of opposition to the executive action Obama announced deferring deportations of millions of illegal immigrants. The DHS, the agency in charge of immigration and border policy, was given a short-term extension of funds until Feb. 27, buying time for McConnell and Boehner to come up with an escape plan — one that has yet to appear.

“I have every confidence we will meet the deadline, one way or the other,” said Sen. John Cornyn (R-Tex.), McConnell’s top lieutenant on the leadership team. “Just how, I can’t tell you right this minute.”

Democrats said even a small-scale shutdown so soon on McConnell’s watch would hurt him politically. They believe it would set a precedent, with the far right wing pushing him around in the same manner that House conservatives have backed Boehner into corners he wanted to avoid.

“I think it’s a big problem,” said Sen. Richard J. Durbin (Ill.), the second-ranking Democrat in the chamber. “They said: We’re going to show we can run the trains on time and we are, quote, not scary. So if they start off by jeopardizing funding for the premier agency for America’s defense against terrorism — not a good start.”

There is time to avert a shutdown, but it almost certainly involves capitulation to the Democrats.

One possibility is to remove the language on immigration and pass a “clean” funding bill, which would probably prompt the biggest revolt from conservative activists. A second option is to pass another short-term extension of DHS funding for a few more weeks or months.

The latter idea, more palatable to conservatives, puts off for another day the same predicament the leadership finds itself in now.

A third option is to dig in for a fight and let funding dry up for an agency that is seen as essential to protecting the nation.

Although that is anathema to many Republicans, the idea has gained traction among leading establishment conservatives.

“Both sides run a risk here,” Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) said. He argued that Republicans should leave in place Obama’s order that protected children from deportation but instead dig in against the more expansive 2014 order that extended the protections to several million adult illegal immigrants, even if it means a lapse in funding for DHS.

“The Democrats are wrong here to say, ‘I’m not going to fund DHS, because I insist that President Obama get all he wants when it comes to executive amnesty,’ ” Graham said. “I think that is a huge mistake.”

McConnell, stoic in public, is the same way in private, senators say. He has not betrayed any worry about the pending deadline.

“I think everybody’s worried about it,” said Sen. Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah), who is the longest-

serving member of the GOP caucus and has served with McConnell for 30 years. “McConnell’s a pro. He doesn’t show his feelings.”

Sen. Joe Manchin III (W.Va.), the conservative Democrat who opposes Obama’s immigration orders, said McConnell needs to convince Boehner that they have to pass the funding bill without any of the policy conditions and instead send over a discrete piece of legislation that would repeal the presidential orders.

“If they don’t have me, where do they go?” said Manchin, the Democrat who most frequently partners with Republicans.

“The bottom line,” he said, “is they could probably clean this up very quickly.”",1
4153,How to Tell Debt Facts From Political Hype,"Recent remarks by Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, have turned the spotlight back to the U.S.'s $18 trillion federal government debt. The attention follows a period of substantial decline in the budget deficit that countered claims the country was heading rapidly toward debt Armageddon.

Here are key facts to remember as you assess what is likely to be a loud and contentious political conversation on debt:

Rather than a narrow focus on federal debt, the presidential candidates need to lead a national economic debate on the comprehensive growth strategy that Congress should be implementing. Otherwise, political polarization on Capitol Hill will  further undermine the country’s growth performance, erode future potential, and turn debt from mere fodder for political sound bites to a hard-to-solve problem for future generations.",1
5042,Trump on Twitter: Hillary is 'Brainwashed',"Donald Trump took to Twitter Saturday morning where he launched his latest attacks on Hillary Clinton, calling her ""brainwashed"" after she acknowledged that she ""short-circuited"" when making a misstatement.

When speaking to members of the National Association of Black Journalists and the National Association of Hispanic Journalists in Washington Friday, Clinton sought to ""clarify and explain"" a statement she made that FBI Director James Comey said that her previous answers about her private email use were ""truthful.""

""I may have short-circuited [her answers] and for that I will try to clarify,"" Clinton said.

Trump not only labeled her speech as ""habitual lying,"" but he also took to Twitter noting that it's proof she is not fit to be president:",1
2927,Poll: Most disapprove of Obama handling of ISIS,"Washington (CNN) Americans are increasingly unhappy with President Barack Obama's handling of ISIS, and a growing share of the nation believes that fight is going badly, according to a new CNN/ORC survey released Monday.

Fifty-seven percent disapprove of his handling of foreign affairs more broadly, and 54% disapprove of how the President is handling terrorism. Another 60% rate Obama negatively on his handling of electronic national security.

The declining approval ratings for Obama on national security come as a weekend of international turmoil further underscores the growing threats abroad.

Obama issued a statement condemning the killing of the Christians on Sunday night, though Obama's Republican opponents have consistently made the case that the growing Islamic State threat is exacerbated by what they see as his weak leadership.

In the poll, Americans increasingly believe the U.S. military action against ISIS is going badly, with 58% saying so in the latest survey, up from 49% who said the fight wasn't going well in October.

Even among Democrats, nearly half — 46% — say things aren't going well in the battle against ISIS.

And about half of respondents, 51%, say they trust the President as Commander-in-Chief of the military.

But with ISIS affiliates continuing to commit brutal, gruesome murders and multiple terrorist attacks abroad grabbing international headlines over the past few months, support for sending ground troops to Iraq and Syria to confront the threat appears to be growing.

The survey suggests Americans are warming up to the idea of sending ground troops to combat the terrorist organization.

In November, just 43% supported deploying ground troops, while 55% of Americans opposed it; now the number in support has ticked up to 47%, the highest level of support yet measured, with just half of Americans opposed.

Still, the parties have become more polarized on the prospect since November, with 61% of Democrats opposed and a similar majority of Republicans supportive of the prospect, an eight-point increase. Independents, meanwhile, are split, with 48% in favor and 50% opposed.

The prospect of sending in ground troops remains a sticking point for both congressional Democrats and Republicans in the debate over Obama's Authorization for the Use of Military Force, which would give him legal authority to combat ISIS.

But the AUMF, and Obama's decision to go to Congress for the official authority to continue battling ISIS, is widely popular, according to the new poll.

Seventy-eight percent of Americans say Congress should give Obama the authority to fight ISIS, a slight decline from 82% who supported it in December. A similarly large majority say Obama was right to ask Congress for the authority, rather than proceeding with the battle unilaterally.

The survey was conducted among 1,027 adult Americans from Feb. 12-15, and has a margin of sampling error of 3%.",1
3875,White House hits 'AWOL' Congress for shirking AUMF,"Lawmakers may have let President Barack Obama's request for the authorization of military force against ISIS gather dust, but the White House insisted Friday it hasn't given up on the measure, which was introduced in February.

White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest hammered lawmakers -- both Democrats and Republicans -- who have stalled on the war powers resolution, saying the delay has been a ""grave disappointment"" to the White House.

And he characterized Congress' unwillingness to vote on the plan as ironic, given the steps lawmakers have taken to insert themselves into another of Obama's key foreign policy issues, a nuclear deal with Iran.

""The call from this administration to leaders in Congress to do their jobs has for some reason fallen on deaf ears,"" Earnest said. ""The United States Congress has been essentially AWOL when it comes to that debate.""

The White House convened multiple discussions on the AUMF with lawmakers before presenting the authorization measure two months ago. Since then, the White House has sent top national security officials, including Secretary of State John Kerry and Defense Secretary Ashton Carter, to brief members of Congress on the plan. But their explanations for the AUMF didn't work to assuage anxious members of Obama's own party, who worry a vote for the war authorization could lead to another American ground war in the Middle East. Republicans on Capitol Hill blame Democrats for the standstill. Rep. Tom Cole, R-Oklahoma, said on C-SPAN last week, ""The president is essentially a war president without a war party."" Cole, along with a bipartisan group of 30 other lawmakers, addressed a letter to House Speaker John Boehner last week insisting he bring the AUMF up for debate. But opposition to the plan runs deep in both parties. Republicans say the plan doesn't give the president enough power to go after ISIS terrorists, and they argue for less restrictive language. The measure that Obama presented to lawmakers in February would limit his authority to wage a military campaign against ISIS to three years and does not authorize ""enduring offensive ground combat operations."" But it doesn't include any limitations on where U.S. forces can combat ISIS should the terror group move outside Iraq or Syria. The White House points out their document was merely a starting point -- and claim they're open to negotiation. Administration officials say they're committed to the absence of geographic limitations, but are open to altering the time limit and ground troop provision. As Congressional action on the AUMF continues to elude Obama, his military is continuing its air campaign against ISIS. The White House claims it already has the authority to target Islamic State terrorists using the 2001 war powers resolution that was passed after the September 11 attacks. But Obama has said a new authorization is necessarily to put forward a united front in the fight against the Islamic State. Ultimately, the White House says it's exhausted its options in pushing the measure forward. ""I think we've done just about everything that is imaginable that an executive branch can do to try to move a law through the Congress,"" Earnest said. ""The president has higher expectations for elected leaders."" This birth certificate from the Halab Health Department records information for babies born in the ISIS-created province or ""wilayat."" Mothers are reminded how important children are to God and are then instructed to follow a vaccination timetable against polio, measles and other ailments. This notice declares that the University of Mosul will open on October 18, 2014, but that the philosophy and archeology departments, among others, will remain closed. Staff are told to replace all mentions of the ""Republic of Iraq"" with ""Islamic State."" A schedule for final exams at the Mosul College of Medicine shows areas to be tested included students' knowledge of obstetrics, parasites, X-rays and ethics. This notice criticizes the greed of some fishermen and lays out new rules, including no fishing during spawning season and no use of electrical current to catch fish, as it harms other creatures, too. This document poses a question on playing foosball. Readers are told that it's OK, provided that there is no gambling, no cursing or resentment and that the figurines have no heads. This message quotes the Quran, and speaks in favor of charity and helping those in need. It then details how rents above 100,000 dinars (about $85) must be cut.",1
4346,Hillary Clinton To Announce Presidential Bid On Sunday,"Updated at 11 a.m. ET

Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will officially announce her intention to seek the 2016 Democratic nomination for president on Sunday afternoon, ending years of speculation over her plans to pursue the Oval Office, NPR has learned.

People familiar with the campaign plan say that Clinton, long presumed to be the Democratic front-runner even without a formal announcement, will make the announcement possibly via a video and social media, some sources suggest.

""So far, Mrs. Clinton faces scant competition for the Democratic nomination. Polls barely register former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley or former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb. One potential heavyweight — Vice President Joe Biden — has said he is considering a campaign but has taken few apparent steps to prepare for one. ""On Thursday, former Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee surprisingly joined the field, and offered a biting critique from the left of Mrs. Clinton's record on foreign policy. 'The biggest question will be: What exactly did you accomplish in your four years as secretary of state?' he said in an interview. 'There was a lot of dust in the air. Not many concrete accomplishments.' ""

Announcing now gives an edge to Clinton, who lost a bitter contest to then-Sen. Barack Obama for her party's nomination in 2008. The head start would give her fundraising team more time to generate the hundreds of millions of dollars typically necessary to mount a successful presidential bid.

Following the Sunday announcement, Clinton is ""expected to travel to the first-in-the-nation caucus state of Iowa early next week for campaign events. Democratic strategists and advisers spoke on condition of anonymity because Clinton has not yet finalized all aspects of her announcement plan,"" The Washington Post writes.

NPR's Mara Liasson reports that Clinton is ""expected to stay [in Iowa] for at least a month of small, unscripted, events with small groups of voters.""",1
555,Senate passes NCLB replacement: Will shift to states help or hurt students? (+video),"The Senate voted 85 to 12 Wednesday to pass the Every Student Succeeds Act. The replacement for the No Child Left Behind law next heads to the president's desk.

Kelci Gouge teaches a third grade class at a summer reading academy at Buchanan elementary school in Oklahoma City in July 2014. Oklahoma lawmakers repealed Common Core standards for English and math instruction. The Senate was expected to vote Dec. 8 on a replacement for the No Child Left Behind law, which, among other things, would shift power to deal with failing schools toward states and away from the federal government.

[Update: This story was updated at 12:01 p.m. to include the final vote.]

Across Minnesota, the number of native American kids heading to college is on the rise. The reading and math scores of black students are catching up to those of whites. Low-income students, kids whose native language isn’t English, and kids with disabilities are meeting the higher expectations teachers have been setting for them.

The state – a high performer by many education measures – still faces many academic gaps between groups of students. But it is well on its way toward a goal it set in 2012 to cut those disparities in half by 2017.

Minnesota offers an example of what can happen when a state puts a priority on closing achievement gaps. It developed its approach through a waiver to some of the requirements of the federal education law known as No Child Left Behind (NCLB).

Now that old, and many say, broken, law is on its way out. State leaders for years have been clamoring for more flexibility in how they hold schools accountable for academic improvement – so they can prioritize and tackle issues as they see fit, not as the federal government dictates.

And Wednesday, the Senate voted 85 to 12 to clear the long-awaited law that will finally grant them their wish. The bipartisan compromise known as the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) already passed the House by a wide margin Dec. 2.

ESSA will leave the main tools in place to track achievement by categories such as race, income level, disabilities, and English-language learners. But a big question remains: Will this shift to empowering states help or hurt the equity agenda embedded in the original law from the 1960s civil rights era?

Historically, not all states have shown the political will to set high standards for all students, and some observers worry they’ll again feel somewhat off the hook. “There probably will be less attention now on the achievement gap: The [new] law doesn’t force that conversation the way it did under NCLB,” says Chad Aldeman, an associate partner at the nonprofit Bellwether Education Partners.

Others are more hopeful that many states will stay the course or come up with new innovations  to address achievement gaps – recognizing the impact those can have on their future workforce and economic health.

Minnesota’s current accountability system uses a range of measures for school achievement, including how well individual student and subgroup test scores improve from year to year.

The state legislature expanded the system in 2013 to cover all public schools, not just those that receive federal dollars for low-income students. It set up regional “centers of excellence” to provide assistance to schools that were struggling. And it’s dedicating more than $180 million in state funds to the effort.

“We’re focusing on the strengths of our schools and teachers and asking them to do more,” says Brenda Cassellius, the state’s first African-American education commissioner.

So far, two-thirds of the schools are on track to meet their gap-reduction targets.

At TrekNorth, a charter middle and high school in rural Bemidje, the state goals align with a mission to prepare as many students as possible for college through participation in Advanced Placement courses.

The school has been recognized five times in the state’s annual list of Reward Schools, recently scoring an 81 out of 100 on the Multiple Measurements Rating, which takes gap reduction into account.

The more sophisticated accountability system has contributed to a healthy “pressure to hone the subtleties of the craft of teaching,” says the charter school’s executive director Dan McKeon.

Many of the low-income or native American students that make up much of the TrekNorth population wouldn’t have access to AP at other schools, Mr. McKeon says. He helps teachers develop the ability to stop mid-lesson to do a “formative assessment” – checking to see that everyone’s getting the main points. Then they take that extra 10 minutes if they see some students struggling with a certain concept.

The staff also works with families to help them understand the world of opportunity that can open up for students who put in the time on academics.

On a recent trip to visit colleges around the state, McKeon says he watched as one 12th-grade girl -- from a low-income family where college has not been the norm – looked through a brochure about how college credit is calculated for students who have passed AP exams.

“She starts counting up classes since she was in 10th grade … and she realizes that if she went to this college she’d walk in with 29 credits under her belt,” he says, and that would mean saving a year’s worth of tuition and possibly earning scholarships. “I could see the realization on her face of how big of an accomplishment it was.”

As he has watched the new law move through Congress, McKeon says his cynical side worries that some educators might see it as a “release from accountability to underserved students.” On the other hand, he says, he’s “excited to see what gets created at state and local levels when professional educators get the freedom to do what they know works best.”

Civil rights groups are gearing up to take a seat at the table as accountability systems take shape over the next year and a half leading up to full implementation of the new federal law.

Many civil rights and education advocacy groups had pushed for the federal role to remain stronger.

But when it comes to what states now must do in regard to English-language learners, ESSA actually strengthens accountability. Their progress has to be accounted for by all schools, whereas previously that happened only in schools with high percentages of such students.

“States have been asking for a while now for more flexibility to own their state accountability plans, so we’ll be monitoring how this plays out, and calling out states that aren’t doing better by English learners” says Brenda Calderon, an education policy analyst at the National Council of La Raza. The number of English learners in the US has grown to about 1 in 10 students, she says.

Civil rights and student advocacy groups are also pushing local conversations about “opportunity gaps” that lie at the root of lower achievement.

A recent report in Boston, for instance, found that “black and Latino males were horrifically underrepresented in key opportunities,” as early as third grade, that largely determined whether students ended up on a college-prep track, says Dan French, executive director of the Center for Collaborative Education in Boston, which published the report.

The report is helping inform a new task force in the city that’s exploring ways to address the gaps. One need is for greater “cultural competence” among school staff, to understand their diverse population of students.

One school, for instance held a well-intentioned celebration of the Mexican holiday Cinco de Mayo. The problem: none of the Latino students at that school had Mexican heritage. “If you don’t know who your kids are,” Mr. French says, “you are going to have a hard time reaching them.”

Local efforts to address stubborn gaps, like this nascent one in Boston – and state support for such efforts -- will become even more important under the new federal education law. And the degree of success states have could vary greatly.

The equity agenda doesn’t get a significant boost from the new law, some education and civil rights observers say, because its definition of accountability is still too narrow. “They are focused on accountability by test scores, but really not focused nearly enough on the learning-opportunities part of the equation…. We still have so many kids in underfunded, underresourced schools,” says Pedro Noguera, an education professor at the University of California in Los Angeles.",1
3292,Senate panel votes Tuesday on Iran bill that gives Congress say on nuclear deal,"How much say Congress has on a possible nuclear deal with Iran will be tested Tuesday as a controversial bill goes up for a vote in the Senate Foreign Relations committee.

The Obama administration has been very critical of legislation that would give Congress a final say in approving or rejecting a deal.

In an interview with The New York Times, Obama said the newly agreed on framework of a nuclear deal with Iran represents a “once in a lifetime opportunity” to prevent Tehran from getting a nuclear weapon and to move toward stabilizing the Middle East.

On Monday, the administration stepped up its lobbying campaign on Capitol Hill.

""The way the legislation is currently written is something that we strongly oppose,"" White House press secretary Josh Earnest said. ""But, again, we continue to have extensive conversations with members of Congress on Capitol Hill.""

Secretary of State John Kerry postponed a foreign trip to meet with members of the House to discuss the negotiations. Kerry, Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and senior officials in the intelligence community were holding classified briefings Monday and Tuesday with members of the House and Senate.

Earnest said some Republicans are ""rigidly partisan"" and will reject any deal just because Obama supports it. He said that while there is some Democratic opposition, administration officials will continue to talk with members of his party. So far, the president and other senior administration officials have made more than 130 telephone calls to members of Congress to discuss the negotiations.

""I think there are some Democrats who will listen to this pitch,"" Earnest said. ""I don't know if it will convince them all, but there is a strong case to make and it's one that we intend to continue making.""

At the White House, Obama met with Jewish leaders. While Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is intensely skeptical that international negotiators can reach a verifiable deal with Iran, which has threatened to destroy Israel, some American Jewish groups have backed the international negotiations.

Rep. Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., told reporters that he spoke with Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, earlier in the day. McCarthy said he told Corker that if the Senate approves the bill, the House will vote on it.

""It's my intention to bring it to the floor of the House and move it,"" McCarthy said at a news conference as Congress was returning from a two-week spring break.

Republicans and Democrats maintain that Congress should have a say on an international deal with Tehran to curb its nuclear program and have lined up behind legislation. The White House has pushed back, threatening a presidential veto while warning that the bill could scuttle the delicate talks involving the United States, Iran and five world powers.

""Lines in the sands have moved back,"" McCarthy said, claiming the U.S. has back-tracked on some of the demands it had at the beginning of the talks. ""A lot of the questions will be why have they moved back and will Iran ever be able to have the capability of having a nuclear weapon? That's a key question.""

Under the bill, Obama could unilaterally lift or ease any sanctions that were imposed on Iran through presidential executive means. But the bill would prohibit him for 60 days from suspending, waiving or otherwise easing any sanctions that Congress levied on Iran. During that 60-day period, Congress could hold hearings and approve, disapprove or take no action on any final nuclear agreement with Iran.

If Congress passed a joint resolution approving a final deal -- or took no action -- Obama could move ahead to ease sanctions levied by Congress. But if Congress passed a joint resolution disapproving it, Obama would be blocked from providing Iran with any relief from congressional sanctions.

Iran says its program is for civilian purposes, but the U.S. and its partners negotiating with Tehran suspect Tehran is keen to become a nuclear-armed powerhouse in the Middle East, where it already holds much sway.

The bill has led to a political tug of war on Capitol Hill, with Republicans trying to raise the bar so high that a final deal might be impossible, and Democrats aiming to give the White House more room to negotiate with Tehran.

Senators of both parties are considering more than 50 amendments to the measure introduced by Corker and Sen. Bob Menendez, D-N.J.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
3588,Taliban claims responsibility for fatal attack on Americans in Kabul,"The Taliban claimed responsibility Friday for a shooting incident at a military base attached to Kabul’s international airport Thursday that killed three American civilian contractors and wounded a fourth, saying the attacker had infiltrated the ranks of the security forces.

The contractors worked for Praetorian Standard Inc., or PSI, a small firm based in Fayetteville, N.C., with offices in Maryland and Virginia. According to its Web site, the firms says “it specializes in providing innovative strategic planning, logistics, operational and security management support services in challenging environments around the world.”

In a statement Friday, the company confirmed that “three employees of Praetorian Standard, Inc. were killed and one was wounded in Afghanistan while supporting the efforts of the U.S. Government.” It added: “This was a terrible day for the families involved, our company and the United States. We are shocked by the tragic nature of these deaths and offer our deepest condolences to the families of these brave men.”

The company has worked in Afghanistan since 2010, mostly providing logistics, transportation and security support to a Defense Department and U.S. Geological Survey program that is exploring potential mineral deposit sources in Afghanistan.

The victims, whose names have not yet been released, were working out of the firm’s Kabul office.

In Twitter messages and a subsequent statement, Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid identified the shooter as Ihsanullah bin Mullah Rahmatullah, from Laghman province in eastern Afghanistan. He said the man had infiltrated the ranks of the Afghan security forces in anticipation of an opportunity to attack Americans and was working at Kabul’s airport.

“He managed yesterday evening to attain his goal and opened fire with his rifle on a group of American occupiers,” the spokesman said. The attacker was then “martyred by return fire,” Mujahid said.

“The martyr was able to successfully defend his religion . . . and the glory of his country, and by giving himself away as a sacrifice, he cast a number of the occupying disbelievers into the abyss of hell,” Mujahid said.

He gave a higher casualty figure for the attack, claiming that “three American soldiers died and four others were critically wounded.”

Authorities said Thursday that an Afghan national was also killed in the attack, but it was not immediately clear whether that person was the shooter or an additional victim.

Immediately after Thursday’s attack, suspicion fell on a possible “insider attack” perpetrated by a member of the Afghan security forces who also had access to the military base at the airport. An unidentified Afghan air force official told the Reuters news agency the shooter was an Afghan soldier.

It was not immediately clear how the contractors were attacked.

Referring to the attacker as an “infiltrator,” Mujahid used a term often used by the Taliban for an insurgent who had penetrated the Afghan army or police for months or years, waiting for an opportunity to strike.

When asked Thursday whether the incident was an insider attack, a U.S. military spokesman, Col. Brian Tribus, declined to comment. He said there would be no further comments on the incident until the investigation was complete.

The sprawling base where the shooting occurred is protected by tall concrete blast walls and filled with hangars, office trailers and maintenance buildings. It is a hub for the coalition’s air operations, as well as the main base of the Afghan air force.

As of last year, before a drawdown of U.S. combat forces, it was home to as many as 4,000 foreign military personnel and civilian contractors from more than a dozen nations, including the United States. Top U.S. commanders spent much of their time there.

Insider attacks have long plagued the relationship between Afghan forces and their U.S. and international allies, breaking down trust and reducing interaction. The assaults by rogue Afghan soldiers or police particularly rose in the last years of the NATO combat mission, which formally ended in December. Assaults reached record levels in 2012, when there were 37 such attacks that killed 51 people, including 32 U.S. troops, according to the Pentagon.

Since then, U.S. and coalition forces have tightened vetting procedures for Afghan security forces and required that all foreign troops be armed at all times. The efforts have reduced the number of insider attacks, but they nevertheless remain a major concern.

The killings were a reminder of the threats faced by the roughly 10,600 U.S. troops and thousands of American contractors who remain in Afghanistan, mostly to train and advise Afghan security forces. Such tasks require close interaction with Afghans, and it remains to be seen whether the attacks will have an adverse impact or restrict such relationships.

“We can confirm that there was a shooting incident at North Kabul International Airport complex 29 January at approximately 6:40 p.m.,” Tribus said in an e-mailed statement. “Three coalition contractors were killed as was an Afghan local national. This incident is under investigation.”

A U.S. defense official in Washington, speaking on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the nationalities of those killed, said the contractors were all Americans and that the fourth one had been wounded.

In August, a gunman wearing an Afghan army uniform opened fire at a military training school near Kabul, killing U.S. Army Maj. Gen. Harold J. Greene. He was the highest-ranking U.S. officer to be killed in 13 years of war in Afghanistan and the first general to be killed in the line of duty since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks that prompted the United States to intervene militarily in Afghanistan, combining with Afghan resistance forces to topple the radical Islamist Taliban regime.

Virtually everyone on the base at the Kabul airport is armed. But that did not stop U.S. military officials from worrying about insider attacks during a flag-lowering ceremony in early December that marked the official end of the coalition’s combat mission. Before the ceremony, the officials warned journalists that if any rockets landed, or if anyone started shooting, to run and take cover.

With the U.S. military drawdown, civilian contractors have become more visible. Even though their numbers have also sharply decreased, thousands of contractors remain in Afghanistan, most of them based in Kabul.

As of mid-2014, about 17,400 U.S. citizens were working in Afghanistan as civilian contractors for the Defense Department, according to military figures reported by the Web site Danger Zone Jobs. Other private contractors work for various international relief and development organizations. A year earlier, the Congressional Research Service put the number of Pentagon contractors at about 33,000.

Thursday’s killings broke a roughly three-week lull in violence in the capital. In the last two months of 2014, the Taliban intensified its attacks in Kabul and other parts of the country, targeting foreigners as well as influential Afghans and symbols of government authority.

The shooting was the first suspected insider attack since U.S. and NATO forces formally terminated their combat mission in Afghanistan. Under an agreement with the Afghan government, the previous coalition force is being replaced by a follow-on mission dubbed “Resolute Support,” which began Jan. 1 and consists of about 12,000 mostly U.S. troops focused on training.

Earlier on Thursday, a roadside bomb killed a police commander and three other people in the eastern province of Laghman, and a suicide bomber targeted the commander’s funeral later in the day, according to Afghan officials. They said 16 people — four policemen and 12 civilians — were killed and 39 were wounded when the bomber mingled with mourners in the town of Mehtar Lam and detonated his explosives.

Ryan reported from Washington. Daniela Deane contributed from London, William Branigin from Washington.",1
3515,"Bomb maker linked to Paris attack died in Brussels airport bombing, sources tell","The shadowy terrorist believed to have made the explosives used in Tuesday's attacks in Brussels and the November massacre in Paris was one of two suicide bombers who died at Zaventem Airport, sources told Fox News.

Morrocan-born Najim Laachraoui, 24, was identified by law enforcement sources as one of two Islamic terrorists seen pushing suitcase bombs and wearing single ""dead man's hand"" black gloves - in a surveillance photo. The gloves are believed to have hidden detonators. A third man seen in the photo is believed to have escaped the scene and is being hunted.



Laachraoui is suspected of also making the bomb used in a blast 79 minutes later at a Brussels Metro station, as well as the explosives used to kill 130 in the the Nov. 13, 2015, attacks in Paris.

ISIS has claimed credit for Tuesday's carnage in Brussels.

The announcement came following a day of uncertainty regarding the explosives mastermind. At a midday news conference, Belgian authorities appeared not to know of his fate and he was believed to be the subject of a nationwide dragnet.

Raids on Tuesday night and Wednesday morning uncovered his suspected factory, turning up bomb-making materials in a Schaerbeek apartment, including detonators, nails and 15 kilos of acetone peroxide, a highly unstable chemical which is favored by Islamists because it's easy to make. The chemical also was found in the explosives used in the Paris attack.

Laachraoui was raised in Brussels' Schaerbeek neighborhood, a predominantly Muslim area, according to The Washington Post. He's believed to have attended a local Catholic high school where he studied electro-mechanical engineering.

Laachraoui traveled to Syria in February 2013, prosecutors said, and it was not clear when he returned to Europe.

Prosecutors have said Laachraoui played a key role in recruiting and training attackers for ISIS, according to The Wall Street Journal. He was checked by guards at the Austria-Hungary border on Sept. 9 while driving in a Mercedes with Abdeslam and one other person, Belgium's federal prosecutors said in a statement.

Using a false identity, Laachraoui also rented a house under the name of Soufiane Kayal in the Belgian town of Auvelais. That residence was allegedly used as a safe house, where prosecutors said traces of his DNA were found. That same DNA was later found on the Paris explosives. The house was searched Nov. 26.

On Monday, Van Leeuw said officials wanted to interview Laachraoui, who was ""someone who must explain himself.""

On Tuesday, coordinated terror attacks ripped through Brussels. Investigators reportedly believe attacks already being plotted were expedited in light of Abdeslam's arrest -- and word that he is cooperating with authorities.

Earlier Wednesday, two men suspected of taking part in Tuesday’s bombings were identified as Khalid and Ibrahim El-Bakraoui.

Khalid is believed to have blown himself up on the Metro, an attack which killed at least 20 and injured more than 100, while Ibrahim is believed to have been the other airport bomber. The fourth bomber, the man in the far left of the airport photo pushing a cart next to Ibrahim, has not yet been identified.

The brothers were well-known to police. In a raid Tuesday at Ibrahim's address, Van Leeuw said ""there was a paper where he described that he is insecure, that he is lost and he does not know what to do and he might end up in jail.""

Both Ibrahim and his brother were Belgian citizens and born in Brussels, authorities said.

A March 15 raid on an apartment rented by Khalid, 27, led to Friday's arrest of Paris attack suspect Salah Abdeslam after one of Abdeslam's fingerprints was discovered in the apartment. Politico Europe, citing a senior Belgian official, reported that Abdeslam was supposed to take part in Tuesday's attacks. The report did not specify what role Abdeslam would have played.

DH reported that in October 2010, Ibrahim, 30, was convicted of shooting at police with a Kalashnikov during an attempted robbery. He was sentenced to nine years in prison. In February 2011, the paper reported, Khalid was sentenced to five years' probation in connection with a string of carjackings.

Turkey said Wednesday that Ibrahim had been detained on the Syrian border last summer, and that Ankara warned Brussels officials that he was a militant before sending him home.

",1
1572,Republicans discussed possibility of brokered convention,"Watch the CNN Republican debate Tuesday, December 15 at 6:00 p.m. ET and 8:30 p.m. ET.

Washington (CNN) Top Republican Party officials have discussed the possibility of a brokered convention , sources told CNN Thursday, a new recognition that the GOP nominating contest could be protracted well into the summer.

At a monthly dinner meeting this week, Republican Party brass decided it would be prudent to plan for a contested convention, which would be triggered if no candidate has enough delegates to win the nomination.

Five sources insisted that while the topic came up during the dinner, it did not dominate the discussion.

Republican strategists have long theorized about the possibility of the brokered convention , which hasn't happened in decades, but the dinner meeting appears to be the first active planning taken by the GOP to prepare for it.

American president Gerald Ford (left) listens as future American president Ronald Reagan (1911 - 2004) delivers a speech during the closing session of the Republican National Convention on August 19, 1976 in Kansas City, Missouri.

The plans, first reported by The Washington Post , come as 14 Republicans plan to duke it out in the Iowa caucuses, a historically large field that has winnowed slowly. Republicans are worried that -- given that many delegates are awarded proportionally -- there is a possibility that a brokered convention could happen.

Another contributing factor to concerns about a brokered convention is a new Republican National Committee rule that requires any GOP nominee win a majority of delegates from eight different states, a hurdle that could potentially be too high in such a fractured field.

""No one is quite sure what will happen,"" one of the sources said about the meeting, which was attended by about 20 party leaders, including Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.

Despite persistent worries from Donald Trump's campaign that Republican party officials may try to elbow him out of the nominating contest, the source said Trump, who has sat atop GOP polls for five months, was not the focus of the planning.

It had ""nothing, zero, nada to do with Trump except he may be one of the candidates standing at the end,"" said the source. ""It was not aimed at anyone.""

Ben Carson responded to the report Friday morning, putting out a press release warning he may consider punishing the GOP for any efforts to rig the game against outsider candidates.

""If the leaders of the Republican Party want to destroy the party, they should continue to hold meetings like the one described in the Washington Post this morning,"" Carson said. ""If this was the beginning of a plan to subvert the will of the voters and replace it with the will of the political elite, I assure you Donald Trump will not be the only one leaving the party.""

Tensions over planning for a potentially brokered conventions came amid reports that Republican National Committee officials on Wednesday met with Trump staffers, to discuss logistics -- including where staff is allocated, hiring plans and digital strategy.

Sean Spicer, RNC chief strategist and communications director, downplayed the significance of the dinner on Friday.

""It was a dinner where the subject was how the delegate selection process works,"" Spicer told CNN's Kate Bolduan. ""At the end of that dinner, there were a lot of questions asked.""

As for why the idea came up at all? ""It's great cocktail conversation,"" Spicer said.

""This is really, to be honest, with you quite silly.""",1
4640,New emails under review in Clinton case emerged from Weiner probe,"WASHINGTON — FBI Director James Comey said Friday that investigators had found new emails related to the bureau's previously closed inquiry into Hillary Clinton's handling of classified information, restarting a long-simmering debate over the Democratic nominee's conduct as secretary of State in the closing days of a presidential campaign that Clinton appeared to be putting away.

In a letter to senior lawmakers explaining his decision, Comey said ""the FBI cannot yet assess"" whether the information is ""significant"" nor could he offer a timetable for how long it will take investigators to make an assessment.

But an official familiar with the matter said Friday that the new materials, perhaps thousands of emails, were discovered in the ongoing and separate investigation into sexually charged communications between former New York congressman Anthony Weiner and a 15-year-old girl. Comey was briefed on the findings in recent days, resulting in the director's notification to Congress, said the official who is not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.

The emails were discovered in a search of a device or devices used by Weiner, who is separated from longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Abedin also had access to the same device or devices.

The official said it was not likely that the FBI's review of the additional emails could be completed by Election Day.

In a brief news conference in Iowa on Friday evening, Clinton said, ""The American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately,"" a position earlier outlined in a statement from her campaign chairman, John Podesta. The Democratic nominee called on the FBI ""to release all the information that it has.""

""As you know I've had plenty of words about the FBI lately, but I give them great credit for having the courage to right this horrible wrong. Justice will prevail,""  Donald Trump said at a campaign rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Thursday night.

During a speech in New Hampshire earlier in the day, the Republican presidential nominee gleefully discussed the ""breaking news announcement.""

""Hillary Clinton's corruption is on a scale we have never seen before,"" Trump said, and her ""criminal scheme"" should not be allowed in the Oval Office.

""Perhaps justice will be done,"" the GOP nominee said of the development.

In his statement, Podesta demanded that the FBI director ""provide the American public more information than is contained in the letter'' to lawmakers.

""Upon completing this investigation more than three months ago, FBI Director Comey declared no reasonable prosecutor would move forward with a case like this and added that it was not even a close call,'' Podesta said. ""In the months since, Donald Trump and his Republican allies have been baselessly second-guessing the FBI and, in both public and private, browbeating the career officials there to revisit their conclusion in a desperate attempt to harm Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign.

""It is extraordinary that we would see something like this just 11 days out from a presidential election,"" Podesta added.

Speaking to reporters aboard Air Force One Friday, White House spokesman Eric Schultz said nothing had ""surfaced to change the president's opinion and views of Secretary Clinton.''

""He's going to be proud to support her from now until Election Day,"" Schultz said.

In July, Comey announced that while Clinton and her aides during her tenure as secretary of State had been ""extremely careless"" in the way they'd handled classified information, he recommended that no criminal charges be filed.

In her press conference Friday, Clinton said she was ""confident"" whatever is included in the new messages under review ""will not change the conclusion reached in July.""

In July, Comey testified before skeptical Republican lawmakers to explain the bureau's recommendation, which had been adopted by Attorney General Loretta Lynch.

“We’re mystified and confused by the fact pattern you laid out and the conclusion you reached,"" House Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told Comey.

Comey, however, was unequivocal in maintaining that the conclusion of investigators was not a close call.

“There is no way anybody would bring a case against John Doe or Hillary Clinton for the second time in 100 years based on those facts,"" he told the House panel on July 7.

Trump has cited the closed FBI probe as evidence that the election was ""rigged"" against him, and at a recent debate the GOP nominee said that, if he's elected president, he would appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Clinton.

""Hillary Clinton has nobody but herself to blame,"" said House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.

""This decision, long overdue, is the result of her reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with federal investigators,"" Ryan said in a statement, adding that he was again calling for Clinton to no longer receive classified briefings, a traditional courtesy afforded major-party presidential nominees.

Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said the timing of the decision, so soon before the election, demonstrated ""how serious this discovery must be.""

Trump's campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, wrote on Twitter that ""a great day in our campaign just got even better.""

Meanwhile, Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California said in a statement that ""without knowing how many emails are involved, who wrote them, when they were written or their subject matter, it’s impossible to make any informed judgment on this development.""

She added: ""The FBI has a history of extreme caution near Election Day so as not to influence the results. Today’s break from that tradition is appalling.”

House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi accused Republicans of attempting to ""misrepresent'' the FBI's work.

""Sadly but predictably, Republicans are doing their best to ... warp the FBI’s work to serve their partisan conspiracy-mongering against Hillary Clinton,'' Pelosi said.

The uncertainty of what the new FBI review will yield, and when it will be completed, leaves open the question of how much of an impact it will have on the presidential campaign, as Trump looks to mount what would be a historic comeback, as polls show him trailing nationally and in key battleground states.

""Unless the FBI closes this new investigation one way or the other next week, the likely impact will be to cut into Clinton’s margin, with the bigger effect being on down-ballot races than on the outcome of the presidential election,"" said Patrick Murray, director of the Monmouth University Polling Institute, in an emailed statement.

Whatever the long-term impact, the short-term jolt to Trump and his supporters, at least, seemed clear.

In his New Hampshire speech, the GOP nominee suggested the rest of his message for the day would no longer matter as much, given the FBI announcement.

""The rest of my speech is going to be so boring,"" he joked.

Contributing: David Jackson in Manchester, N.H., and Gregory Korte in Washington.",1
2903,"As Iran talks intensify, Boehner and Netanyahu warn against deal","Trump will also meet with retiring Indiana Sen. Dan Coats, former Georgia Gov. Sonny Purdue and Linda McMahon, a prolific Republican donor, two-time Senate...",1
2209,Iran nuclear agreement: Is a 'better deal' possible – and at what cost? (+video),"Critics say the shock of congressional rejection of the nuclear deal is a path to bring Iran back to the negotiating table. Secretary of State John Kerry calls that view 'a fantasy.'

Secretary of State John Kerry listens while testifying before the Senate Armed Services Committee on the impacts of the nuclear deal with Iran on Capitol Hill Wednesday.

The television ads are airing across the country, from Washington to Honolulu: The Iran nuclear deal is a “bad deal,” the ad says, before concluding, “We want a better deal.”

As Congress debates the complex international agreement limiting Iran’s nuclear program in anticipation of a September vote, the option of rejecting this deal in favor of a “better deal” appears to be catching on. On Wednesday, Rep. Grace Meng (D) of New York announced she would oppose the deal on the table, believing “the world could and should have a better deal.”

But what is the likelihood that an agreement negotiated over several years between six world powers and Iran could indeed be renegotiated and toughened up if Congress rejects the current deal and overcomes a promised presidential veto?

The deep divisions over that question come down, more than anything, to people’s perception of Iran: whether or not it is a country the United States should be entangled with in such a complex deal, whether or not it should be allowed to possess any uranium enrichment program at all.

Critics of the Iran deal say there is plenty of historical precedent for renegotiating and amending international agreements. They argue that Iran is so intent on getting a deal with the US that Tehran could be brought back to the negotiating table after the shock of a congressional rejection.

“There is an alternative to the current [deal], it is an amended deal,” says Mark Dubowitz, an international sanctions expert and executive director of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies (FDD) in Washington.

Citing nearly 80 multilateral agreements Congress has either rejected or for which it has required amendments, he says, “Congress should require the administration to renegotiate certain terms of the proposed [deal] and resubmit the amended agreement to Congress.”

But senior administration officials involved in the Iran negotiations say there is no chance the deal could be renegotiated – and they warn that instead of tighter controls on Iran’s nuclear program, rejection of the deal would very likely result in a ramped-up uranium enrichment program. That, in turn, would mean a shrinking “breakout” time for Iran to rush to produce a nuclear weapon, if it chose to, they add.

Calling the prospect of a “better deal” a “fantasy,” Secretary of State John Kerry told senators last week that those demanding a renegotiated deal, including in the TV ads he’d seen, were proffering “some sort of unicorn arrangement involving Iran’s complete capitulation” – something he said is not going to happen.

Some nonproliferation experts echo that position, saying the Iranian nuclear program was already too advanced years ago to reduce it any more than what the deal reached July 14 does.

“Sure I’d like a better deal – I’d like a pony, too, but it’s not realistic,” says Jeffrey Lewis, director of nonproliferation studies at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, Calif. “The most important thing now is to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon in the next 10 to 15 years, and this deal does that.”

Others are much less certain the deal blocks Iran’s paths to a nuclear weapon, but they believe a renegotiated deal could.

FDD's Mr. Dubowitz says he sees three different directions the Iran nuclear issue could take if Congress rejects the current deal and holds out for an agreement “renegotiated on better terms.”

Iran could go ahead and implement its commitments under the deal, he says. It could also “abandon its commitments” and escalate it nuclear program. Or it could try to do both, complying with certain commitments while abandoning others – and thus attempt to divide world powers while advancing its nuclear program.

But under any of those scenarios, Dubowitz says, the US could work to “persuade the Europeans to join the US” in demanding a renegotiation of key parts of the deal.

Yet many regional experts say that prospects for wooing the Europeans to join the US in pressing for a tougher deal, if Congress rejects the one now before it, are dim.

“European and Asian partners would feel frustrated and misled” in the wake of a US rejection of the deal, Jon Alterman, a Middle East expert at Washington’s Center for Strategic and International Studies, told the House Armed Services Committee this week. European allies would likely join countries like China and India in investing in Iran’s energy sector, he added.

“Broadly, the action would create distance between the US and the world and diminish distance between Iran and the world,” Dr. Alterman added, “after more than a decade when the reverse was the case.”

Looming large over the calls for a return to negotiations are strong suspicions on the part of deal supporters that the “better deal” advocates really have no interest in a stronger deal at all, but instead want to thwart any US agreement with the Iranian government.

“We had a ‘better deal’ in Iraq after 1991 [following the Gulf War], there were no restrictions, inspectors could go where they wanted when they wanted, and that deal wasn’t good enough,” says Dr. Lewis, adding that “we still went to war. So really I don’t believe them when they say they just want a ‘better deal’ this time.”

Other doubters of the sincerity of the seekers of a “better deal” say it’s telling to note that the sponsor of the TV ad campaign demanding a better deal is a group called Citizens for a Nuclear Free Iran, which is backed by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, a pro-Israel organization lobbying Congress hard for the deal’s defeat.

“There really is no ‘better deal’ for [such critics] in the sense of an agreement that leaves any nuclear program in the hands of the current Iranian government,” Lewis says. “Any deal is bad because it means living with the Islamic Republic.”",1
422,Income Inequality Is a Problem—When Caused by Government Meddling,"Income inequality is back in the news, propelled by an Oxfam International report and President Barack Obama's State of the Union address. The question is whether government needs to do something about this—or whether government needs to undo many things.

Measuring income inequality is no simple thing, which is one source of disagreement between those who think inequality is a problem and those who think it isn't. But it is possible to cut through the underbrush and make some points clear.

We can identify two kinds of economic inequality, and let's keep this in mind as we contemplate what, if anything, government ought to do.

The first kind we might call market inequality. Individuals differ in many ways, including energy, ambition, and ingenuity. As a result, in a market-oriented economy some people will be better than others at satisfying consumers and will hence tend to make more money. The only way to prevent that is to interfere forcibly with the results of peaceful, positive-sum transactions in the marketplace. Since interference discourages the production of wealth, the equality fostered through violence will be an equality of impoverishment.

Is it better that people be equally poor or unequally affluent? This is the important question that political philosopher John Tomasi, author of Free Market Fairness, puts to his classes at Brown University. Would they prefer a society in which everyone has the same low income, or one in which incomes vary, perhaps widely, but the lowest incomes are higher than the equal income of the first society?

Which would you choose? Let's remember that it is entirely possible for the poorest in a society to become richer even as the gap between the richest and poorest grows. Imagine an accordion-like elevator that is rising as a whole while being stretched out, putting the floor further from the ceiling. Would such a society be objectionable? Why is the relative position of the poorest more important than their absolute position? Is concern about relative positions nothing more than envy?

We could argue about that all day, but a much more urgent subject is political-economic inequality. This is the inequality fostered through the political system. Since government's distinctive feature is its claimed authority to use force aggressively (as opposed to defensively), this second sort of inequality is produced by violence, which on its face should make it abhorrent.

Political-economic systems throughout the world, including ones typically thought to be market-oriented (or ""capitalist""), such as in the United States, are in fact built on deeply rooted and long-established systems of privilege. Favors, which the rest of us must pay for one way or another, typically go to the well-connected, and prominent business executives have always been well represented in that group.

In the United States this has been true since the days of John Jacob Astor, the fur trader who had the ears of such influential politicians as James Madison, James Monroe, and John Quincy Adams. Government was little more than the executive committee of leading manufacturers, planters, and merchants (to risk opprobrium by paraphrasing Marx). As Adam Smith put it in The Wealth of Nations in 1776, ""Whenever the legislature attempts to regulate the differences between masters and their workmen, its counsellors are always the masters.""

While business interests today are not the only ones that get consideration in the halls of power, it's a mistake to think they do not retain major influence over government in economic and financial matters. ""Regulatory capture"" is a well-known phenomenon, and ostensible efforts to limit it always fail.

Unlike market inequality, political-economic inequality is unjust and should be eliminated.

How? By abolishing all direct and indirect subsidies; artificial scarcities, such as those created by so-called intellectual property; regulations, which inevitably burden smaller and yet-to-be-launched firms more than lawyered-up big businesses; eminent domain; and permit requirements, zoning, and occupational licensing, which all exclude competition. These interventions and more protect incumbent firms from conditions that would lower prices to consumers, create self-employment and worker-ownership opportunities, and improve bargaining conditions for wage labor.

Instead of symbolically tweaking the tax code to appear to be addressing inequality—the politicians' charade—political-economic inequality should be ended by repealing all privileges right now.

This column originally appeared at the Future of Freedom Foundation.",1
1956,Sen. Rand Paul Announces 2016 Presidential Run,"Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., announced today that he will seek the 2016 GOP presidential nomination.

""I have a message — a message that is loud and clear and does not mince words,"" he told supporters in Louisville, Ky. ""We've come to take our country back.""

Earlier, in a statement on his website, he said: ""I am running for president to return our country to the principles of liberty and limited government.""

Paul also released a video with the opening line: ""On April 7, a different kind of Republican will take on Washington.""

Paul faces what is likely to be a crowded Republican field for 2016. Although Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, his colleague in the Senate, is the only other prominent Republican to have announced his intention to run for president, Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, Govs. Chris Christie of New Jersey and Scott Walker of Wisconsin, as well as former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, are expected to join the fray.

Polls show Paul in a three-way tie for third place in the race for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination. Bush and Walker lead the most recent average of polls.

Paul, the son of longtime libertarian Republican Rep. Ron Paul of Texas, was elected to the U.S. Senate in 2010 in the Tea Party wave. An ophthalmologist by training, Rand Paul is pitching himself as a ""different kind of Republican."" When he was first elected, he was seen as a candidate whose libertarian ideas, in the words of The Washington Post, ""could make him the most unusual and intriguing voice among the major contenders in the 2016 field."" It adds:

As he prepared to announce his presidential ambitions, Paul adopted a more muscular defense policy and reached out to religious conservatives. (For more on the former, you can listen to Paul's interview with NPR's Robert Siegel last September.) Nick Gillespie, editor in chief of Reason.com and Reason TV, told NPR's Scott Simon in a recent interview that Paul could be called ""libertarian-ish.""

""You know, I think he is talking what he believes. But I think he draws a lot of ideas from his father generally without some of the baggage, to be honest. ""And people are more interested, I think, now than even a few years ago of being allowed to make more choices that are important in their lives. And you see that reflected in things like the growth in pot legalization and gay marriage. Then at the same time they're very skeptical of government, whether it's a conservative Republican government under Bush or a liberal Democratic government under Obama.""

Following his rally today in Louisville, Ky., Rand travels to New Hampshire, South Carolina, Iowa and Nevada — the four states where the presidential nominating contests begin.

You can follow more detailed coverage of this story on our It's All Politics blog here.",1
2474,ObamaCare 2015: Harvard faculty outraged over health care hikes,"Turns out there’s no free lunch, even if you’re among those lucky few dining at the Harvard Faculty Club.

The New York Times is feasting on the delicious uproar created by Harvard professors who are now outraged to be hit with higher health care costs as a result of ObamaCare. I hardly know where to start on this one. Perhaps with the fact that the article appears in the New York Times? I will let that one go for the moment.

Here’s what’s clear: Health care costs at Harvard are going up. Immediately. And they are rising directly as a result of ObamaCare.

The explanation written right at the top of Harvard’s health care enrollment guide for 2015 states that the university “must respond to the national trend of rising health care costs, including some driven by health care reform.” The guide even highlights, in a special little box in the margin, the exact “Impact of Health Care Reform,” explaining that “The Affordable Care Act has brought new benefits and opportunities to many people but with added costs to sponsors.”

Say what?? Who could have predicted that? Anyone who can do math.

Still, the special little box goes on to point to such benefits as keeping offspring on your plan until they are 26 and the Cadillac tax as added costs. And as a result, they say premiums and deductibles are rising.

One French history professor gasps without a hint of irony that rising premiums are tantamount to a pay cut! Welcome to our world.

Still the rising costs aren’t necessarily news to everyone. Several years back, Harvard’s own provost, Dr. Alan M. Garber, sent an open letter to President Obama praising the Cadillac tax as a way to rein in health care costs and premiums. In subsequent interviews, he’s defended his stance and the higher costs he and co-workers are now facing.

I’m betting he’s having a hard time finding a tablemate at the Harvard Faculty Club this week.

Provost Garber should not be confused with another economist with a similar sounding name working about a mile down the Charles River at MIT, Jonathan Gruber.

Gruber infamously counted on the “stupidity of the American voter” to overlook the obvious math that’s now confronting Harvard’s staff. Harvard faculty may be a lot of things, but stupid ain’t one of them.

In fact, Meredith Rosenthal, a professor of health economics and policy at the Harvard School of Public Health, told the Times she was “puzzled by the outcry. The changes in Harvard faculty benefits are parallel to changes all Americans are seeing. Indeed they have come to our front door much later than others.”

No, I don’t think these folks are surprised by the math. I am a graduate of the Harvard Economics Department, and I have sat in these classrooms. I would bet the faculty just didn’t believe they would have to foot the bill. Costs may rise, but they would somehow be absorbed in the system. Donors, someone … someone else, that is … would pay.

And that is, in fact, one of the main problems in American politics. We all want life to be better for everyone. Who wouldn’t want all of their fellow Americans, or all of humanity for that matter, to have good health care? But are you willing to personally take a pay cut to pay for the policy you are advocating?

That’s the hard question the president and proponents of ObamaCare did not want you to grapple with, because they were afraid your reaction would be akin to the screams now echoing through Harvard Yard.

Melissa Francis is the host of ""MONEY with Melissa Francis"" (2 PM/ET), a program that breaks down the day's top stories and how they impact the American taxpayer. Like her on Facebook at MelissaFrancisFOX and follow her on Twitter@MelissaAFrancis. Click here for more information about Melissa.",1
149,'Selma' sets off new fight over Martin Luther King's contested legacy,"Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. died young — at age 39 — and ever since his assassination in 1968 there has been a contest over his legacy.

I’ve met black radicals who sneer at the national holiday celebrating his birth. They see the King holiday as white America’s preference for celebrating a moderate, non-violent black leader instead of a militant, violent young Malcolm X.

On the other side are critics who see the King holiday as political correctness taken to new heights. King was not a president, like Washington and Lincoln, so they ask why he is deserving of a national holiday. Blinded by racial bitterness, they suggest President Reagan signed the King holiday into law in 1983 as a token political gesture.

Now a very good, emotionally powerful new movie — “Selma” — about Dr. King’s historic role in the struggle for voting rights has set off a new fight over his legacy.

This dramatic film by  director, Ava DuVernay, will be remembered less as a record of Dr. King’s greatness and more as a sign of the racial power struggles of the early 21st century.

I know the real civil rights story. I’ve written two best-selling histories of the period. The greatest social movement of the last century belongs to all Americans. But some people prefer to play racial games.

This movie fits in with the racially divisive discussion about who owns the history of the civil rights movement. It fits with polarizing racial figures like Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton. They regularly exploit the history of the civil rights movement for their own personal gain — hosting television shows and getting money from corporations — while not doing the hard work of addressing high rates of black crime, school dropouts and family breakdown.

It is also fits with many white politicians who blame the poor for every problem and find it easy to push minority voters out of their districts while ignoring the nation’s history of denying black people the right to vote.

Now a version of the same race hustle is on display in Hollywood. To celebrate King as a hero, the director, who is black decided to make President Lyndon Johnson into a white villain.

In one scene Johnson erupts in anger at Dr. King, telling the civil rights leader, “You’ve got one big issue, I’ve got one hundred and one.” People who were in the room, black and white aides to the president and Dr. King, say no such confrontation ever happened.

The movie also has Johnson approving of FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover’s scheme to send Dr. King’s wife an audio recording of her husband having sex with another woman. The historical record is clear. Yes, the tape is real. No, Johnson had nothing to do it. And the tape had nothing to do with events in Selma.

All of that is what Bill Moyers called “the worst kind of creative license suggesting the very opposite of the truth.”

And when the director, DuVernay, was called on the distortion, she said people who care about history are the problem. She argued that crediting Johnson with supporting the Selma march was “jaw-dropping and offensive” and amounted to ignoring “black citizens who made it so.” To her, the fact that Johnson explicitly endorsed the idea of taking the movement to Selma in a recorded phone call to Dr. King is just a nuisance.

White directors have similarly distorted civil rights history. The 1988 film “Mississippi Burning” featured two heroes, both white and both FBI agents. That was an incredible distortion of a story about the bravery of civil rights workers who dared to go south to stand with beleaguered black heroes against racial oppression. In truth, the FBI was often in league with local police departments in covering up racially motivated murder.

In 1988 that distortion was rationalized as a smart box office decision to offer white heroes to white audiences.

Now that a black director has a chance to make Hollywood’s first big movie about Dr. King, she sees it as time for payback and her own brand of distortion.

Race retains a powerful grip on American guilt, fear, lust and anger. That’s why controlling the narrative is so important. And the key to the narrative is in the facts of slavery, legal segregation and the fight for equal rights. That is why facts about Dr. King are subject to a constant power struggle. DuVernay is saying she will tell her story as a black story for black audiences with a black hero, and she will twist facts as she pleases.

Mark Twain said: “Get your facts first, then you can distort them as much as you please.”

The facts are that mostly white students went south for Freedom Summer; white ministers and rabbis took great risks and even died for the cause; white government officials like John Doar and Nicholas Katzenbach put themselves between racist mobs and black people. None of this diminishes the contributions of black people.

The truth is that President Johnson worked to make the movement a success. The president famously brought tears to Dr. King’s eyes in 1965 when he told a joint session of Congress and a television audience of 70 million that every American should stand up for equal voting rights. “Their cause must be our cause, too,” the president said. “Because it’s not just Negroes, but it’s really all of us who must overcome the crippling legacy of bigotry and injustice.”

And then, in a rhetorical crescendo, the president said: “And we shall overcome.” He used a phrase that told the nation he was on the side of civil rights for black people.

 

 As the author of a history of the civil rights movement, “Eyes on the Prize — America’s Civil Rights Years,” I’ve done enough research to know that any fair account of the great social movement has to acknowledge Lyndon Baines Johnson  as a civil rights hero.

And Dr. King doesn’t need to have anyone put down so he can look heroic. He really is a hero. That’s a fact.

Juan Williams is a co-host of FNC's ""The Five,"" where he is one of seven rotating Fox personalities.

",1
4074,"In Kenyan town where students were massacred, 'it's not safe'","GARISSA, Kenya — Tension and anxiety remained high Friday as the Kenyan military launched a campaign to flush out terrorists linked to the Garissa University College massacre.

The campaign came as Kenyan Inspector General of Police Joseph Boinett imposed a curfew on the borderlands with Somalia from 6:30 p.m. to 6:30 a.m. local time.

Few businesses remained open early on Friday evening before the curfew took hold. Some said the heavily armed Kenyan troops were overly zealous in rooting out Al Shabaab terrorists who have claimed responsibility for the attacks.

""It's not safe here for us as residents,"" said Abdikadir Adolwa. ""The soldiers are whipping residents to force them to identify terrorists. The military have terrorized this area and we fear going to the streets of the town.""

Many residents who could stay outside the town opted to leave while the troops were present.

""They're arresting people who have no national identity cards,"" said Nathar Abdkir Balza, a mother of five, who owns a hotel in Garissa. ""You can be arrested for loitering.""

Ethnic Somalis especially have deserted the area. Al Shabaab hails from nearby Somalia.

""The Somalis like miraa but they are now afraid to come to town and buy it,"" said Kevin Kariuki, who sells miraa, or khat, an African plant that has slightly intoxicating effects when chewed.

Earlier Friday, the Kenyan government appealed for help in capturing nine men, described as ""bloodthirsty, armed and dangerous,"" in the wake of an attack on Garissa University that left 148 people dead.

Attackers from the Somali-based terror group al-Shabab told university students before they were killed that ""this is the beginning of more attacks"" targeting schools and universities in the country, the Kenya-based Standard reported.

The four gunmen were killed Thursday as security forces moved to end the 15-hour siege, which appeared to target Christians and Islamic converts. Two security guards, one policeman and one soldier were among the dead. At least 79 people were injured, and more than 500 students held hostage were rescued.

Interior Minister Joseph Nkaissery updated the casualties figures Friday, saying the gunmen killed 148 people. He said 142 of the dead were students, three were policemen and three were soldiers. Nkaissery added that 104 people were wounded.

Survivor Claire Mumo, a student, was in the college when the terrorists attacked on Thursday.

""I was woken up by gunshot sounds inside our dormitory. The four gunmen I noticed ordered everybody to lie down before they started shooting at us,"" said Mumo. ""The blood of my friend spilled on my head when she was shot. The gunmen thought they had shot and killed me.""

The gunmen left her alone because they thought she was already dead, she said. As she lay on the floor, she heard them carry out their plans.

""I heard them asking and separating Muslims and Christians students. Then shortly I heard sounds of gunshots,"" Mumo added. ""I only came out when I saw our security forces collecting bodies. I will never forget this attack. I'm lucky to be alive.""

Survivor Helen Titus said one of the first things that the al-Shabab gunmen did when they entered the campus early Thursday was to head for a lecture hall where Christians were in prayer. Al-Shabab is a Somalia-based Islamic extremist group with ties to al-Qaida.

""They investigated our area. They knew everything,"" Titus told The Associated Press outside a hospital in Garissa where she was being treated for a bullet wound to the wrist.

Titus, a 21-year-old English literature student, said she smeared blood from classmates on her face and hair and lay still at one point in hopes the gunmen would think she was dead.

The gunmen also told students hiding in dormitories to come out, assuring them that they would not be killed, said Titus, who wore a patient's gown as she sat on a bench in the hospital yard.

""We just wondered whether to come out or not,"" she said. Many students did, whereupon the gunmen started shooting men, saying they would not kill ""ladies,"" Titus said. But they also shot women and targeted Christians, said Titus, who is a Christian.

Esther Wanjiru said she was awake at the time of the attack. Asked if she lost anyone, she said: ""My best friend.""

Another survivor, Nina Kozel, said she was awakened by screaming and that many students escaped by sprinting to the fences and jumping over them. Some suffered bruises, she said. Many men were unable to escape, and hid in vain under beds and in closets in their rooms, according to Kozel.

""They were shot there and then,"" she said.

The mortuaries in Garissa, near the Somali border in northeastern Kenya, were so overwhelmed they had to ship many of the bodies to the capital of Nairobi, 200 miles away, the BBC reported.

The government began evacuating students who survived the Thursday terror attack, but many parents still don't know about their fate of their children.

""I phoned my daughter Susan since yesterday in the morning when I received bad news about the attack, but she didn't pick my calls,"" said Eunice Wangari, a mother of three. ""I don't know if she's still alive or not. The government is taking too long to identify the bodies. I am very stressed.""

Judith Musyoka, 45, and Boaz Musyoka, 55, are still searching for their son, Sammy Mutiso Musau in the wake of the attack that killed 147 students and staff.

""I don't know if my son is still alive,"" said Boaz. ""When I heard the news about terror attack I called him several times but his phone was not going through. I need to know his fate.""

A curfew was imposed for two weeks on Garissa and three neighboring counties. Cabinet Secretary of Education Jacob Kaimenyi ordered the university closed for an unspecified period, sending many students lugging suitcases onto buses Friday.

The Kenya National Union of Teachers (KNUT) advised teachers in the region to leave immediately if they felt unsafe.

""We will not allow our teachers to risk their lives working in an insecure environment,"" said Willison Sosion, chairman of KNUT, who called for Garissa University to be closed permanently.

Some Kenyans were angry that the government didn't take sufficient security precautions. The attack came six days after Britain advised ""against all but essential travel"" to parts of Kenya, including Garissa.

A day before the attack, President Uhuru Kenyatta dismissed that warning as well as an Australian one pertaining to Nairobi and Mombasa, saying: ""Kenya is safe as any country in the world. The travel advisories being issued by our friends are not genuine.""

Garissa Gov. Nathif Jama Adam condemned the attack and demanded the government address security in the region to stop locals from leaving.

""I want to plead with Kenyans to stay here as we work with the government to boost security in our region,"" he said, in particular appealing to Christians in the region. ""We'll not allow terrorists to divide our people on religion lines.""

Kenyan officials offered a $220,000 bounty for Mohammed Mohamud, who they suspect planned the attack. On social media, the Interior Ministry called him ""the mastermind.""

Mohamud, who goes by other aliases, may have been assisted by two youths who conducted surveillance on the university, Kenya's The Star newspaper reported. He reportedly has claimed responsibility for a bus attack that left dozens dead late last year.

National chairperson of the National Muslim Council of Kenya, Nazlin Umar Fazaldin Rajput, criticized the government for failing to shore up security after Somali-based militants attacked civilians in retaliation for Kenyan military operations against their base in Somalia. Kenya began those operations in 2011 after a spate of kidnappings.

""All it took was four poorly armed terrorists against our entire intelligence and armed forces. This is a shame,"" she said. ""It is not the terrorist who is an enemy, the enemy is our failed security apparatus and the officers charged with those dockets.""

Rajput said the Kenyan military can do a better job guarding the borders and the people.

""Until we replace inefficient officers with efficient ones and address the root cause of our suffering, we will not win the battle against terror,"" she said. ""We have the U.N. and foreign countries giving Kenya intelligence reports, but there is no efficient execution, save to harass innocent Muslims.""

Others said Muslims, like all Kenyans, must cooperate with authorities, pointing to another terror attack near Dadaab camp for refugees — 10 miles from Garissa University — on Thursday.

Dadaab Deputy County Commissioner Albert Kimanthi said an unknown number of gunmen wearing balaclavas and armed with AK-47 rifles stormed the camp around 3 a.m. and killed a teacher. The gunmen injured four guards.

""It's our responsibility to give intelligence necessary information to curb such attacks,"" he said. ""The joint operation that involves the regular and administration police officers has been working hard to nab the criminals.""

At Garissa University, Maureen Manyego, 21, hid in a wardrobe in a women's dormitory during the attacks. She said the terrorists lectured their victims on why they were about to die.

""We are here to kill and die with you,"" the militants said, she told the Standard. ""We are not afraid of death.""

They told the students they were being killed ""to pay for the arrogance of your political leader"" who refuses to remove troops from Somalia.

""As long as Kenya's military is in Somalia, it will be paid with its citizens blood,"" the militants said, according to Manyego.",1
1873,"“He’s filling the government with Muslims”: Hanging out with Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee and Rand Paul inside New Hampshire’s wacky GOP 2016 cattle call","The official candidates — Rand Paul, Marco Rubio, and Ted Cruz — gathered at Nashua, New Hampshire’s Crowne Plaza hotel this Friday and Saturday for the First in the Nation Republican Leadership Summit. The summit also featured unofficial candidates who are almost certainly running but can’t quite say so yet for legal/fundraising reasons: Scott Walker, Chris Christie, Jeb Bush, Bobby Jindal, Rick Perry, Carly Fiorina, and Mike Huckabee, to name a few. You also had your for-pretend candidates, like Donald Trump and Lindsey Graham. Beneath them are the YOLO candidates, like former Virginia Gov. Jim Gilmore, former New York Gov. George Pataki, and former U.N. ambassador John Bolton. All here. Former Maryland Gov. Bob Ehrlich occupies whatever tier is beneath Gilmore and Pataki, and he was here, too. At the very bottom of the pile is this guy. Here.

New Hampshire Republicans are not the same as Iowa Republicans. They’re blunt and talk fast and are in no way intimidated to ask a governor or senator or ambassador whatever’s on their mind, in a shrewd, distrusting what’s your angle here? sort of way. There’s a libertarian bent to the state’s conservative politics and, by and large, no one wants to waste any precious time talking about, say, gay marriage.

This is not to say that the conservative die-hards in New Hampshire don’t have their own quirks. The ones in attendance at the FITN summit, at least, care a lot about ISIS establishing beachheads on the continent and the scourge of “illegals.” If you were wondering last fall why New Hampshire GOP Senate candidate Scott Brown kept going on about ISIS fighters crossing the southern border to infect Americans with Ebola, a few conversations at the Crowne Plaza in Nashua would make it quite clear. There’s a paranoid style to New Hampshire politics.

“He’s trying to destroy the country,” a woman in black-and-white shoes and a Diane Keaton-style tie/vest combination, whispered to me during the speech from former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton. She was referring to the current Democratic president — or “Democrat president,” in the parlance of right-wing conferences. Bolton had just said that the “principle responsibility of the President of the United States is to protect the country,” and for this woman, and presumably everyone else in the room, Barack Obama has performed poorly on that score.

Bizarrely enough, I’m more familiar with Bolton’s talking points than any other candidate’s, and the man presents a terrifying view of the world. Everyone is trying to bomb us and our president won’t bomb them, and Bolton can’t stand this, and he’s going to make America care about his particular brand of foreign policy and not all these wishy-washy foofoo issues like education or health care. ISIS is coming for us, Russia is coming for us, China, you name it. And oh, this Iran deal? “The most serious act of appeasement in American history.” Bolton likes to close with a dose of levity, about how he has a special understanding of Hillary Clinton since he was a year apart from Bill and Hillary at Yale Law School. Hillary was a “radical” then, and she’s a radical now. According to Bolton, the way people are in graduate school is pretty much the way they are the rest of their lives, and Hillary Clinton is every bit the leftist that Elizabeth Warren and Barack Obama are. Scared yet?

“I read an article in the Investor’s Business Daily that scared the crap out of me,” an older man began his question to Bolton. Turns out ISIS is setting up training camps in New Mexico, or maybe it’s Mexico-Mexico, and they’re pouring across the border. (The article in question cites a report from Judicial Watch, a right-wing paranoiac crank website, saying ISIS has “spotters” in New Mexico to aid in deadly terrorist crossings.) This news didn’t surprise John Bolton at all. John Bolton is never surprised. John Bolton has seen some things.

“I’ve been reading some things about ISIL,” another older man says. He’s been reading the Internet and you just won’t believe the stuff he’s finding. ISIS is trying to establish a Caliphate and, according to the Koran, once the Caliphate is established, all Muslims are required to pledge allegiance to it and kill all non-participants. Why aren’t we stopping Islam? John Bolton is of course aware of this, and not surprised by it, and to him the fact that Barack Obama won’t even name the enemy gives the enemy enormous power.

But these two questioners were warm-up acts for the Greatest Question Ever. It came from the woman sitting next to me, the same one who had whispered to me earlier that Obama is “trying to destroy the country.” She didn’t mean this metaphorically. She had evidence — proof so ironclad that it could only have come from a weird multicolor-font chain email that old people forward to each other.

“What do you think about the War on Terror within?” She asks? Obama has been “filling the government with Muslims. He is filling the State Department with the Muslim Brotherhood.” It gets worse. This woman has also heard that Barack Obama is “amassing tanks and artillery weapons” to stage a revolution “in the streets.” He may have several four- and five-star generals who are going along with this. And then there’s the–

“The answer is no,” John Bolton cut her off, laughing nervously. She had managed to surprise John Bolton, and that’s an accomplishment.

“Well, you’re probably nicer to me than the conservative media,” Mike Huckabee told me, after I was introduced to him as a reporter from a liberal news outlet.

I had been watching him on Fox News from the hotel lounge, announcing that he announce his presidential decision in early May. Right after the segment aired, Mike Huckabee walked through the lounge on his way to something else. Like a moron, I pointed at the TV and said to him “YOU WERE JUST ON THE TV,” as though bewildered that someone can climb out of a television set and into real life.

Can’t say I’ve ever been very nice to Mike Huckabee, but it’s true that he’s about to go to war with conservative media. Small-government fiscal conservatives have never liked Huckabee. For all outspoken social conservatism and a foreign policy informed by fundamentalist interpretation of Revelation, he’s never been much of a budget-cutter. (He’ll claim that a lot of this had to do with the Democratic legislature he dealt with when he was governor of Arkansas.) And in the past few days, he’s been the (unofficial) presidential candidate coming out hardest against Chris Christie’s plan to cut Social Security.

He’s not framing it in liberal terms — about how means-testing Social Security would welfarize the program and erode its support — and he looked sort of confused when I tried to explain that argument. But Huckabee has a problem, as a vast majority of those affected almost certainly will, with people paying into Social Security for decades and then not getting back what’s owed them, whether those cuts come in the form of means-testing, a raise in the retirement age, or linking cost-of-living increases to chained CPI. And since he’s a professional politician who understands his audience, he’s spinning it another way: the government is stealing the money of the people. You lent the government your money, and they’re not letting you have it back. It’s Big Government Theft. That’ll do.

Huckabee is good with people. So is Chris Christie, in his own, unorthodox style. It’s an attribute he must have great strength in, since he’s preparing a campaign centered on yelling at people about cutting Social Security and Medicare. Christie came to the summit to continue selling his plan. Sharp cuts to social insurance programs are an extension of the overall Christie message of tough love, or a belief that in America’s heart of heart lurks a masochist. Christie said he is starting his run (Unofficially! Per the lawyers! ) with a 12-point proposal on cutting entitlement spending because he wants to run a campaign based on “strength, clarity, and hard truths.” “Leadership” is the other word Christie loves to employ. To Christie, “leadership” means the willingness to put forth these “hard truths,” like how Social Security needs a good whooping. It’s a testament to his skills that he’s even trying something like this. But in order for it to be successful he’ll need to convince people that what he’s saying, and the policies he’s pushing, are the only possible correct ones. That he’s telling the truth, and anyone who disagrees with him is a liar, and his plan is literally the only way to shore up Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid for the long haul. If anyone can do this, it’s Christie. But it’s far from a sure thing that anyone can do this. Another plank of Christie’s big plan is to reform Social Security disability benefits. There are too many working-age people out there falsely claiming disability and we need to get them back in the workforce. Grr! During his Q&A segment, a woman took issue with this part of the plan. She told him that she has a 24-year-old son with Asperger’s syndrome and he can’t keep a job, so he really needs disability benefits. Christie assures her that her son’s case is legitimate and he has no intention of harming him The woman, having secured a pledge from Christie to protect her son’s bennies, then asked Christie what he’s going to do about all the illegals immigrants coming to take our jobs. Near the end of his answer Christie acknowledged, in another one of his hard truths, that the 11 or 12 million undocumented immigrants in the country cannot be relied upon to all “self-deport.” (Poor Mitt Romney.) Was this the part where humanity’s truthiest truth-teller was going to go all-in for amnesty? Not quite. He merely suggested that leaders of both parties are going to have to come together to find a solution for that. The reason it hasn’t happened already, according to Christie, is that there’s been “no leadership from the White House.” You might think that pushing with its political might a bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill would count as some kind of leadership on this issue, but apparently not. That’s just another hard truth from Chris Christie. Independent Journal Review is a conservative viral news, politics and culture site that gets something like ten trillion visitors a day. Isn’t that neat? The outlet was a sponsor of the summit and held party at a nearby restaurant, in collaboration with Facebook. It was open bar and complemented by a sensational spread of fancy cheeses and little steak nibbly things (I am not a food writer) and fresh, raw oysters on the half shell. Free swag all over the place. Internet money is the best money. I walked out of the bathroom and there was Marco Rubio sitting at a big table all to himself, on a laptop, as though cramming a college paper about British Romanticism. He was fielding questions on Facebook. Rubio, 43, is considered the youthful, hip candidate in the field, the ’90s rap fan who really gets millennial culture. He’s all about these edgy, disruptive new technologies that allow politicians to respond to questions people submit on a website. “Facebook has gotten older, but Instagram has gotten younger,” Rubio said to an Instagram representative after the Q&A. He quickly corrected himself. “I mean, Twitter has gotten older, but Instagram has gotten younger.” Exactly. After Rubio, it was time for millennials’ real presidential standard-bearer, John Bolton, to do his Facebook Q&A. Scott Brown was also at this party for some reason. Ted Cruz shows no intention of dropping anytime soon his joke about how he would shut down the IRS and put all of its employees on the southern border, though now he includes a disclaimer to “the media” that he’s being tongue-in-cheek. Eliminating the IRS is part of his tax reform plan, which is to institute a flat tax where returns can be filed on a standard-sized postcard. (Which agency collects and enforces the flat tax postcards in our post-IRS utopia? Details, details, blah blah blah. We’re no fun, in the media.) Cruz would also “repeal every word” of Obamacare and “repeal every word” of Common Core. He makes it easy to remember, at least. You can fit Ted Cruz’s policy platform on a standard-size postcard. Cruz, the final speaker of the event on Saturday, was only able to take a couple of questions. The Crowne Plaza, in an aggressive pursuit of billings, booked the ballroom where the conference was taking place for a wedding reception at 5:00. Cruz finished speaking at 4:00. The tight booking made for some interesting scenes as conference hangers-on mingled with the newlyweds in their formalwear. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker was speaking at a small dinner event for select guests at the other end of the hotel, but he took a respite from the dinner to congratulate the bridge and groom outside the bathroom. A few hours later, I walked out of my hotel with a few other reporters, and there was Ted Cruz getting out of his car. He looked exhausted, so naturally we harassed him with more questions. I asked him about Chris Christie’s Social Security plan and its many, many hard truths. He wouldn’t endorse the plan itself, of course, but he did lay out his broad outlines for Social Security reform. He supports gradually increasing the retirement age, and “having Social Security benefits grow to match inflation, rather than having growth exceed inflation.” (This is the idea behind linking cost-of-living increases to the slower-growing “chained CPI” measure of inflation.) Just as the questions wrapped up, with Cruz’s aides tugging on him to walk away from reporters and get inside the sanctuary of his hotel room — you get the sense that this is a common occurrence — Cruz turned back and said to me that he hasn’t given up on winning me over. (More tugging from the aides.) It turns out that Sen. Ted Cruz is familiar with Salon’s coverage of Ted Cruz, which is largely negative. Though he didn’t say so explicitly, Ted Cruz clearly understands that his fate in the New Hampshire GOP primary rests on his ability to woo Salon. The sooner they all realize this, the better. We take this gatekeeper role seriously and look forward to further engagement with him and our 18 other candidate-friends from the weekend. Good luck to all.",1
4171,Clinton clinches Democratic nomination – Sanders vows to fight on,"Hillary Clinton clinched the Democratic presidential nomination Tuesday night, becoming the first woman in American history to top the ticket of a major political party and putting immediate pressure on primary rival Bernie Sanders to step aside – though the Vermont senator vowed to keep fighting for “every delegate.”

Fox News projected Tuesday that Clinton will win an outright majority of pledged delegates, while reaching the 2,383 necessary to clinch the nomination with help from free-agent “superdelegates.”

As Clinton now launches a general election battle against presumptive rival Donald Trump, Sanders remained defiant at an early Wednesday morning rally in Los Angeles, where he awaited results of the California primary, which Fox News has yet to call. The results of the California vote could weigh heavily on Sanders' decision whether to go forward.

Meanwhile, Fox News confirmed early Wednesday that Sanders was planning to lay off more than half his campaign staff.

Far from bowing out, however, he vowed to campaign through the final primary next Tuesday in Washington, D.C., and then “take our fight for social, economic, racial and environmental justice to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,” the site of the convention.

The crowd erupted in cheers as Sanders announced he’d keep going, a decision he kept close to the vest right up until his remarks.

Sanders closed by declaring: “Thank you all, the struggle continues.”

In a potential move toward reconciliation, however, the White House revealed that President Obama called both Clinton and Sanders Tuesday night – and plans to meet with Sanders at the White House on Thursday, to discuss ""how to build on the extraordinary work he has done to engage millions of Democratic voters.""

Clinton earlier claimed victory over Sanders – after attaining the delegates needed to claim the nomination outright with a New Jersey primary win – during a lofty speech to supporters in Brooklyn.

Marking the historic moment, Clinton said: “This campaign is about making sure there are no ceilings, no limits on any of us.”



 She also congratulated Sanders, calling his campaign and the debate he brought about income inequality good for the party – while also saying this is a moment to “come together.”

Eight years to the day after she conceded to rival Barack Obama in the 2008 Democratic primary, the former first lady and secretary of state became the presumptive 2016 nominee with the help of delegates in New Jersey. She won the state's primary, and with it enough delegates to easily surpass the 2,383 needed to clinch the nomination. She also is projected to win New Mexico and South Dakota.

Sanders' vow to stay in the race was based on his belief that his campaign could sway enough of Clinton's superdelegates to force a contested convention. Superdelegates are free to support any candidate and do not technically vote for a nominee until the Democratic National Convention next month. Pledged delegates, however, are bound to support the candidate who won the primary or caucus.

Fox News projects that with the delegates Clinton is winning in California, she will have won a majority of all pledged delegates at the Democratic convention -- making it more difficult for Sanders to argue she’s winning only because of support from superdelegates.

Sanders did notch projected wins Tuesday in North Dakota’s Democratic caucuses and the Montana primary. A total of six states were voting Tuesday.

On the GOP side, Donald Trump -- the only major Republican left in the race – was projected to win the primaries in California, Montana, New Jersey, South Dakota and New Mexico. Trump also surpassed a new milestone in the primary contest Tuesday night, winning enough bound delegates alone to clinch the GOP nomination.

Marking his victories during remarks at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., Trump said: “Tonight, we close one chapter in history and we begin another.”

Previewing the general election battle, he slammed the Clintons, alleging they “turned the politics of personal enrichment into an art form for themselves.” He also appealed to Sanders supporters, saying, “We welcome you with open arms.”

Clinton, in her victory speech, also took shots at Trump, claiming he would “take America backwards.”

“The stakes in this election are high, and the choice is clear. Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president,” she said.

The contests Tuesday largely conclude one of the most unpredictable and rowdy primary seasons in modern history – one that saw a brash billionaire clear through a formidable field of 16 rivals to defy the pundits and claim the GOP nomination, and the front-runner on the Democratic side locked in a fight to the end against a socialist-leaning senator from Vermont.

Primary season formally ends next week when the District of Columbia holds its Democratic contest.

Even before Tuesday’s races, both parties effectively had their presumptive nominees. Trump clinched the nomination last month as late support from unbound delegates put him over the top, and his remaining rivals suspended their campaigns. The Associated Press declared Monday night that Clinton had hit the 2,383-delegate mark, thanks to a burst of support from free-agent superdelegates.

But unlike Trump, Clinton’s last remaining rival has not exited the race.

“There is nothing to concede,” Sanders said in a TV interview Monday night.

Sanders also had said he’d “assess” his plans after Tuesday’s elections, as he heads home to Burlington, but gave no indications of having second thoughts during his Los Angeles rally.

The Democratic Party pressure on him, however, is sure to mount in a matter of days, if not hours. Obama reportedly is planning to get behind Clinton and start campaigning for her, and senior Democrats have been voicing mounting frustration with Sanders’ campaign.

At the same time, the senator has touted general election polls suggesting he may be better positioned to go up against Trump in the fall. Over the course of the campaign, he mounted an unexpectedly strong challenge to Clinton, buoyed by the support of young and energetic voters whose enthusiasm at times echoed the spirit behind Barack Obama’s bid in 2008. Clinton was dogged all along by questions about her private email use while secretary of state – and a still-ongoing FBI investigation – though Sanders largely steered clear of the issue in his campaign.

Trump, by contrast, will have no compunction about hammering Clinton for what he describes as “criminal” activity with her email use, as well as controversies surrounding her work as secretary of state -- in particular her role in the Benghazi terrorist attack that took the life of four Americans, including Ambassador Chris Stevens. Trump gave a preview of his attack strategy Tuesday night, ripping Clinton's use of a ""totally illegal private server.""

Yet even as Trump has seen all 16 of his rivals fade away, he’s still struggling in a historic way to unite the GOP behind him. The tensions flared again this week as leading Republicans condemned his comments that a federal judge of Mexican heritage had a conflict of interest in a Trump University case. On Tuesday, House Speaker Paul Ryan called it the “textbook definition of a racist comment,” while other Republican lawmakers condemned his comments.",1
565,The U.S. government’s predatory-lending program,"Most parents will do just about anything for their children, especially when it comes to education. Predictably, at a time when college costs are exploding and students are staggering under more than $1 trillion in debt, one opportunistic lender is making huge profits on loans to their doting moms and dads.

Less predictably, that lender is the United States government.

The fast-growing federal program known as Parent PLUS now serves 3.2 million borrowers, who have racked up $65 billion in debt helping their kids go to school. The loans have much in common with the regular student loans that have created a national debt crisis and a 2016 campaign issue, but PLUS has much higher interest rates and fees, and far fewer opportunities for loan forgiveness or reductions.

In fact, the PLUS program, which includes similar loans to graduate students, is the most profitable of the 120 or so federal lending programs. That sounds like a good thing, until you remember the government’s profit comes from its own citizens, often citizens of modest means.

Parent PLUS was created in 1980 to provide small loans to help reasonably well-off families finance the American Dream of an undergraduate education. But in an era of skyrocketing education costs, it has grown to look a lot like publicly funded predatory lending, providing almost any borrowers with almost unlimited cash to attend any school with almost no regard to their ability to repay. Thirteen percent of undergraduates now rely on Parent PLUS, and many of their parents are falling into debt traps.

“You feel so guilty that you haven’t done enough for your kid, and they make it so easy to get the loans,” said Elizabeth Hill, a 57-year-old property appraiser from the Boston suburbs with more than $30,000 in PLUS debt. “Then they’ve got you by the cojones. It’s like ‘The Sopranos,’ except it’s the government.”

For all the controversy swirling around student loans, lending money directly to students at least has a “human capital” rationale, since recipients pursue degrees that can boost their earning power and help them fulfill their obligations. But when parents borrow, they’re often taking on new debts just as their earning power is starting to dwindle. They’re not building human capital. They’re just getting closer to retirement, mortgaging their futures on behalf of their children. And if they default, the government can garnish their wages and even their Social Security checks — less brutal than “The Sopranos,” but just as effective.

According to the White House budget office, the expected recovery rate for defaulted Parent PLUS loans is a remarkable 106 percent, a testament to Uncle Sam’s unique power as a collection agency. Overall, the program is expected to return $1.23 on every dollar it lends this year, thanks to its relatively high interest rates and minimal opportunities for debt relief, as well as the government’s relentlessness in tracking down overdue education loans. The only federal loans that generate slightly better returns are the similar PLUS loans to graduate students, which have much lower default rates.

POLITICO has been investigating the government’s bizarre $3.3 trillion loan portfolio, which is riddled with tensions between the interests of borrowers and taxpayers. Some credit programs are almost comically risky for the government, most memorably a rural broadband effort with an official default rate of a seemingly impossible 116 percent. Parent PLUS loans are the flip side of the coin, generating reliable profits for taxpayers but serious risks for moderate-income borrowers.

Just about everyone I interviewed thought Congress should consider major reforms to Parent PLUS when it takes up a higher education bill this fall, but no one was too optimistic that reforms would pass, largely because of those profits.

“Parent PLUS is classic predatory lending. It’s not a safe product for many of these families, and the debts will hound them forever,” said Rachel Fishman, an education policy analyst at the nonpartisan New America think tank. “But it’s a cash cow for the government, so it’s going to be extremely difficult to reform.”

Parent PLUS is not a trap for everyone. The latest data suggest that only 5 percent of borrowers are defaulting within their first three years of repayment, although that figure is rising rapidly. The White House budget tables suggest the expected default rate over the course of the loans is well above 10 percent, which is still well below the rate for regular student loans. There’s a wealth of evidence that college degrees boost lifetime earnings, and defenders of Parent PLUS say it’s an important tool for increasing college graduation rates. PLUS loans have also become a key revenue source for many schools, particularly historically black colleges and for-profits that tend to serve lower-income families.

But that just illustrates the increasingly tortured economic paradoxes at the heart of modern higher education, where schools have no incentive to provide affordable prices as long as they can count on federal dollars for making education affordable. Ultimately, Parent PLUS sluices more cash into the college-industrial complex, helping educators jack up their tuitions while pressuring parents to make up the difference with debt, while doing nothing to ensure they’re getting a real return on their investment. It enhances accessibility, but not really affordability, simply giving parents a way to punt the skyrocketing costs into the future. Even some advocates who fiercely defended Parent PLUS during a high-profile controversy in 2011, when the Obama administration briefly reined in loans to parents with sketchy credit histories, told me the program is deeply troubled and inherently flawed.

When I spoke to White House education adviser Roberto Rodriguez about this conundrum, he emphasized that President Barack Obama has crusaded to make America the world’s leader in access to higher education, expanding Pell grants to low-income students and “income-based repayment” for burdensome student loans, while proposing to make community college free. Parent PLUS, he said, is another important tool to help young people pursue a better life. But he also said he's concerned that too many struggling parents are getting in too deep. When I asked him if the Education Department was running a predatory lending program, he didn’t say no.

“That’s the heart of the matter,” Rodriguez said. “You want to expand access and choice, but you also want to make sure families can afford these loans.”

HILL AND HER husband are solidly middle class and proudly thrifty; she drives a 15-year-old minivan and shops at TJ Maxx. She and her husband put away money for their son Aaron’s education, and though they burned through some savings when Hill lost her job early in the Great Recession, they figured they’d be fine when Aaron chose the University of Massachusetts at Amherst over several private colleges. He also won some academic grants and maxed out on federal student loans. But even a public school like UMass cost $25,000 a year. Hill just couldn’t make the numbers work.

Until, suddenly, she could. Hill discovered she was eligible for Parent PLUS, which would cover whatever Aaron’s grants and loans didn’t. At the time, Hill felt like she had won something, even though the loans are entitlements for anyone without a recent history of “adverse credit.” She feels differently now that Aaron has moved back home with his degree and taken a job at a local liquor store — and her husband may have to postpone his plans for retirement to make ends meet.

“You’re at your wits’ end, you want to help your kid, and this fairy princess appears on your computer and says: ‘Want some money?’” Hill recalled. “You’re like: Bingo! It’s more than you can afford, but dammit, education is important, right? Then four years later, you can’t believe how much you owe.”

When Congress created Parent PLUS 35 years ago, the loans were capped at $3,000 per year, until that was lifted in 1992 so families could borrow as much as they wanted toward the cost of attendance at any public or private school. But the rules do not allow colleges to ask about their income or their ability to pay. And the borrowers don’t have to start making payments until the student leaves school, although the interest accumulates the whole time.

Congress set the maximum interest rate at 9 percent in 1980, which seemed generous at a time when mortgage rates were skyrocketing toward 18 percent, but Parent PLUS is no longer a particularly attractive deal for families with other options. The current rates are about 7 percent plus a 4 percent origination fee, a lot lower than credit card debt or payday loans, but a lot higher than subsidized student loans.

“I figured the rate wasn’t terrible, and the money was so easy to get,” said Debbie Hounanian, a 56-year-old office manager in the Los Angeles suburbs who racked up $54,000 in Parent PLUS debt. “I had no idea what I was getting into.”

Today, the average Parent PLUS loan is about $13,000, and many parents pile up much larger debts now that some schools cost more than $50,000 a year. The loans are almost impossible to discharge in bankruptcy, just like student loans, but they’re ineligible for most of the income-based payment relief available for student loans. Consumer advocates compare them to subprime mortgages before the bust, encouraging families to bite off more debt than they can chew — except that Parent PLUS also has a government imprimatur.

Toby Merrill, who runs a Harvard-affiliated legal services clinic that focuses on predatory lending, recalls one ready-to-retire borrower who contacted her after running up $150,000 in PLUS debt on three children.

“The question was: What are my options?” Merrill said. “It was sad, because the answer was: You don’t really have options.”

AS STATE AID for higher education has plunged while the cost of college has escalated, PLUS loans have become an increasingly routine method of filling the gap, with about 700,000 new loans every year. Some schools actually include PLUS in their financial aid offers, telling parents they’ve qualified to take out, say, $20,000 in PLUS loans, a rather disingenuous way of saying the actual offer will leave them $20,000 short of the school's official cost of attendance. Colleges with tight budgets have little incentive to tell students they can’t afford to enroll, and strong incentives to encourage students to load up on PLUS loans that pass directly into their coffers. The president of Albany State University in Georgia even admitted at a public hearing that cash-strapped colleges have been steering students from student loans into more onerous and expensive Parent PLUS loans, because they’re required to report default rates for student loans but not for Parent PLUS.

The 2011 controversy over Parent PLUS, when the Obama administration temporarily tightened the program’s lax vetting process, illuminated the extent to which colleges and families have become dependent on the cash. It erupted after the Education Department’s financial aid office finally recognized a longstanding absurdity: the “adverse credit” reviews for PLUS applicants were flagging some delinquent debts, but not debts that were so delinquent they had been sent to collection agencies or written off. As a result, many applicants were getting loans with worse credit than rejected applicants.

“It made no sense,” said Ben Miller, who was a senior policy adviser at the department during the PLUS flap and is now director of post-secondary education at the left-leaning Center for American Progress. “But fixing the problem had a much bigger impact than anyone realized it would.”

Quietly, the department started counting more bad debts in its credit reviews — and PLUS rejection rates soared. Students who couldn’t renew their loans began dropping out of school. And schools that relied heavily on PLUS revenue began hemorrhaging cash. At historically black colleges and universities, which had been particularly hard-hit by the recession, the number of PLUS recipients dropped 45 percent over the next two years, depriving them of an estimated $150 million. Three struggling black colleges—in Virginia, Georgia, and North Carolina — ended up shutting their doors, and larger schools like Morehouse endured mass layoffs.

“Our schools were screaming bloody murder,” said Thurgood Marshall College Fund President Johnny C. Taylor Jr., a leading advocate for historically black colleges and universities. “Forget salt — this was pouring acid in our wounds.”

For-profit schools absorbed an even bigger hit, a 54 percent decline in PLUS enrollment. But for obvious political reasons, the black schools (with fierce support from the Congressional Black Caucus) led the fight to get the first African-American president to reverse or at least delay the changes. Taylor and other advocates had several tense meetings with Education Secretary Arne Duncan, repeatedly asking why a two-decade-old snafu had to be corrected immediately, why the tougher reviews couldn’t be limited to new PLUS applicants, why a secretary who had said expanding access to college would be his “North Star” was restricting access to college. Duncan emphasized that the changes weren’t directed at black schools, but Taylor shot back that they were having a disproportionate effect on black schools.

“The secretary kept saying: My lawyers are telling us to do this; we’re doing our best to work it out,” Taylor said. “Give me a break! We were trying to revive a community with double the unemployment rate of the majority community.”

Eventually, Duncan publicly apologized to black college leaders for the abruptness of the changes, acknowledging that “communication internally and externally was poor.” He promised to consider appeals from all rejected PLUS applicants, and launched a process to write new PLUS credit rules.

“It was an operational screw-up of epic proportions,” said Justin Draeger, president of the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators. “But it was a pretty good reminder that Parent PLUS helps a lot of people pay for college.”

In 2014, the department announced the new PLUS rules, essentially reversing its efforts to tighten credit checks. Bad debts are no longer grounds for rejection if they’re less than $2,085 (versus $500 in the old rule) or less than two years old (versus five years). The department didn’t even require loan counseling for all PLUS borrowers, just those who managed to get loans despite adverse credit.

“It’s a shame. Most parents would be better off taking a second mortgage,” said Natalia Abrams, director of the advocacy group Student Debt Crisis. “Instead, they’re getting trapped. They assume that if the government is offering these loans, they must be safe.”

To my surprise, Taylor told me he agrees. Taylor was probably the most outspoken critic of the administration’s short-lived efforts to rein in Parent PLUS, and he still believes it was unfair to change the rules so suddenly after a brutal downturn. But he asked me not to describe him as a Parent PLUS defender. He said the program is so exploitative that he once investigated a class-action lawsuit, but found that debt-ravaged parents were too ashamed to go public.

“It’s a horrible program, totally out of control,” he said. “We’ve got to figure out a way to make college affordable, but Parent PLUS is definitely not the answer.”

OBAMA'S NEW CONSUMER Financial Protection Bureau has raised alarms about predatory lending by bankers and mortgage brokers. At a recent event, Richard Hunt, the president of the Consumer Bankers Association, posed a question to CFPB Director Richard Cordray: “Why aren’t you doing anything about Parent PLUS?” Cordray replied that he didn’t have jurisdiction over the federal government, but Hunt believes that if one of his members offered a similar loan product with similarly negligible underwriting standards, the bureau would be all over it.

“The silence has been deafening,” Hunt said. “It’s sinister to see the government throw money at people with no clue if they can pay it back.”

Hunt would like to see the private sector — that is, his members — take over the business. And some private lenders are starting to compete with Parent PLUS — one Rhode Island bank is offering a similar product with a much lower interest rate of 3 percent and no origination fees for the most creditworthy borrowers. But while PLUS loans don’t have the same protections as federal student loans, they do include some options most private banks won’t match, like the ability to defer payments for years.

What PLUS lacks is flexibility. Parents who qualify can borrow whatever they need for their kids to attend whatever school they want, while parents who get rejected can’t borrow a dime. In another hearing, an administrator of a North Carolina college shared a sad vignette about a homeless woman who was denied a PLUS loan, implicitly suggesting the government should have extended her virtually unlimited credit. In fact, that’s exactly what would have happened if her credit had been clean. Nobody would have been allowed to try to gauge whether her income or assets gave her any hope of repayment. Parent PLUS suffers from a paradox that also afflicts government loans for agriculture, shipbuilding and just about everything else: It’s highly risky for borrowers who need it most desperately, while the borrowers who could most easily handle the debt could probably get by without it.

Many critics argue that Parent PLUS should be abolished, and that the government should expand Pell grants and raise caps on student loans instead. But even those who want to continue the program — including Rodriguez in the White House and Republican staffers on Capitol Hill — seem to agree there are relatively obvious ways to strengthen it. The most evident would be real underwriting standards to evaluate the ability to pay of potential borrowers. Another would be strict loan caps. Or a combination of those reforms could link the creditworthiness of borrowers to the size of the loans they’re eligible to receive, the kind of calculation real banks make. Even Draeger, who represents aid administrators at 3,000 colleges and universities, said the system needs structural changes to protect vulnerable families.

“We definitely support new underwriting standards. Parents are getting in too deep, and it’s affecting their ability to retire and enjoy life,” he said. “Right now, schools just have to follow the rules, and from a consumer protection standpoint, the rules are dangerous.”

The major obstacle to reform, beyond Washington’s general dysfunction and polarization, is the immense profitability of Parent PLUS. These days, the government borrows money at almost no cost, so lending at 7 percent plus fees can add up: Parent PLUS could reduce the deficit by $3 billion this year. That means any effort to scale it back and restrict it to creditworthy borrowers would cost the government a lot of money. Politicians generally don’t like paying more money to provide fewer benefits, especially when a well-organized political coalition has defended those benefits in the past.

“That’s the perversity of a loan program like this,” one senior GOP aide said. “It makes it that much harder to fix.”

In other words, Washington has become as dependent on Parent PLUS loans as the schools that flack them and the parents who receive them. The status quo has tremendous power, because Congress likes profitable programs, schools like reliable revenue, and parents like to help their kids.

Hill and her husband have another son getting ready to start Ithaca College, just as they’re starting to pay back Aaron’s loan, but they're determined to help out again. They haven't figured out how they're going to do that yet, because there's no way they're going back to the Parent PLUS well again.

“Fool me once, right?” Hill said. “I don’t want to put my kid in a bind, but these loans are ridiculous. The guilt system only goes so far.”

",1
3734,There is no nationwide crime wave (and police killings are not up),"Since 1991, murder and violent crime have plummeted in the U.S. But in a widely discussed op-ed in the Wall Street Journal titled ""The New Nationwide Crime Wave,” Heather Mac Donald recently made a startling claim: “Gun violence in particular is spiraling upward in cities across America.” She demonstrated this by citing murder rate increases in six cities.

Murders of police were also surging out of control, she said; they had “jumped 89 percent in 2014.""

Last week, Mac Donald, the Thomas W. Smith Fellow at New York’s  Manhattan Institute  appeared on numerous TV channels, including Fox News and CNN. As is so common, the claims have become exaggerated, giving the impression that crime is on the rise all across the U.S.

Fortunately, that’s all hype. Mac Donald simply cherry-picked those places that had experienced rising crime rates. Overall, the 15 largest cities have actually experienced a slight decrease in murders. There has been a 2 percent drop from the first five months of 2014 to the first five months of this year. Murder rates rose in eight cities and fell in seven. There is no nationwide murder wave.

Murder rates fell dramatically in some of these cities. Comparing this year’s January-to-May murder data with last year’s, we find that San Jose’s murder rate fell by a whopping 59 percent; Jacksonville’s fell by 31 percent; Indianapolis’ by 28 percent; San Antonio’s by 25 percent; and Los Angeles’ by 15 percent. Presumably, we aren’t going to focus only on these cities and start claiming a national victory over crime.

Mac Donald is undoubtedly correct that something unusual is happening in Baltimore. When comparing this May to last May, arrests have plummeted by 50 percent, murders have risen by 76 percent and overall violent crime is up by 15 percent. This surely has something to do with police officers’ hesitation to stick their necks out. Who can blame them, when they’re being labeled as criminals for doing their jobs?

But there’s no evidence that what is happening in Baltimore is happening elsewhere. Murder rates have indeed gone up in Milwaukee, St. Louis, Chicago and Atlanta, but higher murder rates alone don’t mean a lack of effective law enforcement.

Last Thursday, Mac Donald speculated in a New York Times piece that this year’s 15 percent increase in murders in New York City is due to a drop in arrests – ""arrests are down 17.4 percent through May 31 compared to the same period last year.” But, just as likely, part of the drop in arrests might be related to the overall drop in crime. While murder rates rose, the 5.5 percent drop in total violent crime and 7.5 percent decline in property crime are being ignored.

These declines suggest something is occurring that is more complicated than police simply being afraid to do their jobs. After all, why would police pulling back from their jobs cause more murders but fewer robberies?

Crime goes up and down for all sorts of reasons. It is too early to figure out why some cities are seeing more crime and others are seeing less. Sheer randomness will always cause a few outliers.

Police do a dangerous job, and any dramatic increase in police killings would be horrible. But the nationwide spike in police killings is not all that Mac Donald claims it is. After averaging 55 police deaths per year for a decade, the number of deaths fell to 27 in 2013. The number went back up to 51 in 2014. Though that was a large increase, the unusual year was 2013, not 2014.

But the biggest problem with these last numbers is that, unlike the crime numbers that compare periods clearly before and after the “Ferguson effect” and the Baltimore riots, the spike in police killings occurred too early. According to the Officer Down Memorial Page, murders of police through May nationwide are down 38 percent this year compared to last year (16 versus 26).

With misleading claims by left wing groups such as ProPublica claiming that police are shooting young black males at much higher rates than young white males, it was probably only a matter of time before some conservatives like Mac Donald made their own misleading claims.

Fortunately, there has been no nationwide spike in murders or police killings so far this year. If there is a nationwide “Ferguson effect,” the data don’t show it. Cherry-picking half a dozen of the worst crime numbers from the largest cities might scare people and get massive media attention, but it doesn’t tell us anything about policy.

John R. Lott, Jr. is a columnist for FoxNews.com. He is an economist and was formerly chief economist at the United States Sentencing Commission. Lott is also a leading expert on guns and op-eds on that issue are done in conjunction with the Crime Prevention Research Center. He is the author of nine books including ""More Guns, Less Crime."" His latest book is ""The War on Guns: Arming Yourself Against Gun Control Lies (August 1, 2016). Follow him on Twitter@johnrlottjr.",1
1999,Can’t quit Mitt: Friends say Romney feels nudge to consider a 2016 presidential run,"Officially, Mitt Romney returned to Iowa, the quadrennial presidential proving ground, to give a boost to Joni Ernst. But at a closed-door breakfast fundraiser here Monday, the first question from a donor had nothing to do with Ernst’s Senate campaign.

“When you get elected to the Senate, your job should be to convince Mitt Romney to run for president again,” a donor told Ernst, according to several attendees. The Republican candidate said she would, while Romney laughed.

When Romney and Ernst gathered in a West Des Moines boardroom with about 40 agriculture executives Sunday night, one businessman after another pleaded with Romney to give the White House another shot.

And at a rally for Ernst in Cedar Rapids on Monday, the state legislator who introduced Romney said, “If his address was 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, I would sleep a lot better.” After Romney and Ernst finished speaking, some activists chanted, “Run, Mitt, run!”

Romney, the 2012 GOP presidential nominee and now the tacit head of the Republican Party, visited Iowa as part of a feverish nationwide tour designed to help the GOP take control of the Senate. He has insisted that he is not interested in running for president a third time. But his friends said a flurry of behind-the-scenes activity is nudging him to more seriously consider it.

Romney has huddled with prominent donors and reconnected with supporters in key states in recent months. Because of the vacuum of power within his party and the lack of a clear 2016 front-runner, confidants said Romney is grappling with this question: If drafted, would he answer the party’s call?

Further juicing the speculation was a Des Moines Register-Bloomberg News poll released over the weekend showing that Romney is the only potential 2016 candidate who would beat Hillary Rodham Clinton (D) among likely Iowa voters, 44 percent to 43 percent.

People in Romney’s vast political orbit who are waiting and wishing on him to launch another campaign said Romney has done little to quiet them and has been hazy about his plans following next month’s midterm elections.

Former Minnesota governor Tim Pawlenty (R), who briefly ran against Romney in 2012 before becoming a close ally, said he wants to see Romney give it another go.

“There is a feeling that the country missed out on an exceptional president,” Pawlenty said. “If he runs, I believe he could win the nomination and the general election. It’d be the right person at the right time, and I would encourage him to do it.”

Pawlenty noted that Ronald Reagan ran unsuccessfully for president twice before being elected in his third attempt “and was stronger for it.” In contrast with Romney, Pawlenty said, “the emerging class of Republican candidates is untested and unproven.”

Within Romney’s political network, there has been informal chatter about a third run since early 2013, according to people familiar with the discussions. It bubbled up in phone calls and at dinners and has gained steam this year. Requests continue to pour in for him to appear on the campaign trail, and advisers said he is eager to mount a multi-state fly-around swing before Nov. 4.

In Iowa, however, Romney seemed uncomfortable with the 2016 talk. At the West Des Moines rally, he spoke for only five minutes, criticizing President Obama on income inequality, foreign affairs and other issues. When reporters tried to question him afterward, he sneaked into a dark maze of cubicles.

He also said that now that he was no longer a candidate, he had a joke to share involving Obama, golfer Phil Mickelson and tennis great Andre Agassi.

As Romney told it, Obama shows up at a bank to cash a check without his ID. The teller asks him to prove who he is, saying that Mickelson proved his identity by hitting a golf ball into a cup and Agassi proved his by hitting a tennis ball at a target. “Is there anything you can do to prove who you are?” the teller asks.

“I don’t have a clue,” Obama replies in the joke.

The crowd ate it up.

Former aides and senior Republicans say Romney appreciates the GOP masses crowing that he was right about issues such as Russia and health care. But what really intrigues him, they said, are the vulnerabilities among top-tier candidates in the Republican field. If Romney moves toward a race, it would be because he sees a path to victory.

“It’s the market pulling him,” said Kent Lucken, a longtime friend and adviser who accompanied Romney to Iowa. “People look at Hillary as the likely Democratic nominee, and the party needs a strong leader who can stand up to her and who’s been through the process.”

Romney is returning to Boston on Tuesday for a dinner that he and his wife, Ann, are hosting for former campaign advisers and business associates. The event — to benefit neurological research at Brigham and Women’s Hospital — has Romney intimates abuzz.

Save-the-date notices have gone out for the third annual Romney policy retreat in Park City, Utah, in June 2015 — a signal that he wants a platform to promote his issues as the presidential primary campaign season gets underway.

Romney is also mingling privately with top donors who could fund a third campaign. Romney visited Sept. 23 with Joe Ricketts, a billionaire investor who finances the Ending Spending super PAC, at Ricketts’s palatial penthouse apartment covering the entire 78th floor of the Time Warner Center in New York.

On Oct. 6, Romney also took part in a GOP fundraising dinner at the Manhattan apartment of Woody Johnson, the New York Jets owner and former Romney campaign finance chairman. Several 2016 hopefuls gave presentations to the donors, while Romney served as a co-host and made no pitch.

At Johnson’s home, Romney and media magnate Rupert Murdoch spoke about Romney’s political future. According to two Romney allies familiar with the conversation, Romney was cagey with Murdoch but expressed concerns about the developing GOP field. Romney told Murdoch that he felt uneasy about the party’s non-interventionist drift on foreign policy and the base’s embrace of ideological hard-liners.

Many Romney boosters believe that his window of opportunity will be in mid- to late 2015, should Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) or Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) ascend and party establishment types turn to Romney as a savior.

If former Florida governor Jeb Bush (R) opts out of a campaign, “there is going to be more pressure on Mitt to go,” said Tom Rath, an influential New Hampshire Republican.

At a luncheon this month in Atlanta to help GOP Senate nominee David Perdue, “people sat up and paid attention” to Romney, said Sen. Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.). “I pulled him aside afterward to thank him for coming. He said he’s not running, and I take him at his word. But I don’t think the door is entirely closed, and circumstances can change.”

That phrase — “circumstances can change” — has been repeated by many Romney backers since the former nominee used it to describe his own thinking about 2016 in a radio interview last month with Hugh Hewitt.

Spencer Zwick, Romney’s former national finance chairman, talks regularly with Romney and said he has been receiving daily calls from donors and other supporters. “There are still plenty of donors who hope circumstances will change and there will be an opportunity for Romney to run again,” he said.

Zwick is part of a slimmed-down inner circle, including longtime advisers Beth Myers, Peter Flaherty, Stuart Stevens, Lanhee Chen and aides Kelli Harrison and Matt Waldrip, who are advising Romney on political activities this fall.

Romney traveled through Iowa with three trusted advisers and friends: David Kochel, Ron Kaufman and Lucken. He also reunited with supporters from campaigns past. In Cedar Rapids, Romney spotted Jim Wilson, a Virginia man who logged more than 40,000 miles chasing the GOP nominee from coast to coast in his campaign-festooned GMC pickup. The two hugged. “You son of a gun,” Romney said.

Another fan, Gary Chidester, 64, came to the West Des Moines rally with a full coterie of Romney paraphernalia for the former candidate to autograph: campaign placards, enlarged photographs and buttons of Mitt and wife Ann, and paperback and audio copies of Romney’s book “No Apology.” He also held a framed drawing that a friend gave him of a black cruise ship named Obama sinking into the sea and a white ship named Romney with the caption, “We’re here to save you.”

“He’s the only qualified person to run this time,” Chidester said. “Mitt is a business genius. That’s why I’ve listened to this tape three times. He had it all down — he had Russia down, he had the debt down — and all the other Republicans are novices by comparison.”",1
1851,Trump sees Biden the same as Hillary,"On this day in 1973, J. Fred Buzhardt, a lawyer defending President Richard Nixon in the Watergate case, revealed that a key White House tape had an 18...",1
1682,Now what? Where the Democratic candidates go from here.,GRAPHIC | A breakdown of what candidates talked about and who they interacted with.,1
1365,Jonah Goldberg: Hillary's Iowa 'win' is a big loss for Democrats,"Result signals a long war between Clinton establishment and the party's young base.

Hillary Clinton’s asterisk-heavy victory in Iowa might have been the narrowest of wins for her, but it was arguably the worst of all possible outcomes for the Democratic Party.

As of this writing, the result was a statistical tie, 49.9% for Clinton and 49.6% for Bernie Sanders. The margin of victory in the delegate count was decided by six coin tosses that “flip truthers” will forever remember as mysteriously biased toward Clinton.

Clinton raced to the podium to declare victory, but the news media will continue to describe it as a tie, probably forever. Sanders' supporters won’t even make that concession, bitterly complaining about irregularities and, again, coins that seemed to be in Clinton’s pocket, figuratively speaking.

A crushing defeat would have been worse for Clinton, of course. But this wasn’t much better. In fact, the nature of this victory will probably bring out the worst in Clinton. If she lost decisively, as she did in Iowa in 2008, she'd have the option of playing the victim. Maybe she'd even cry again, like she did in Portsmouth, N.H., in ’08, earning the sympathy vote. Instead, she won Iowa this time. But saying so requires lawyerly qualifications and caveats.

Everyone knows this “win” was nothing to brag about. According to The New York Times, her “advisers said they did not know if a significant staff shakeup was at hand, but they said that the Clintons were disappointed with Monday night’s result and wanted to ensure that her organization, political messaging and communications strategy were in better shape for the contests to come.” That’s not exactly William Wallace in Braveheart shouting of victory.

Clinton simply can’t go around talking about her “win” in Iowa without seeming ungracious and grasping. Every time she tries, it will, by the very nature of that victory, seem like spin. Already, her supporters are fanning out across cable news overselling the win and reinforcing the sense that Team Clinton is disconnected from reality. Also, any bragging from the Clinton camp will further antagonize Sanders' supporters, many of whom are already quite hostile to Clinton.

But the real loser in all this is the Democratic Party.

The ghost of Eugene McCarthy has hovered over the Democratic race for a year. In 1968, the left-wing senator from Minnesota challenged President Johnson in the New Hampshire primary. McCarthy actually lost by a significant margin. But the mere fact that he got 42% of the vote against the sitting president was enough to ultimately knock Johnson out of the race and entice Robert F. Kennedy into it.

These are different times, and Clinton isn’t an incumbent president. Even so, numerous observers raised the possibility that if Clinton suffered a devastating loss in both Iowa and New Hampshire, it might be enough to entice Vice President Biden, Al Gore, Michael Bloomberg or someone else into the race to save the party from the prospect of a socialist nominee or a fatally flawed Clinton candidacy.

There was never any question in my mind that Clinton will never drop out. Like Richard Gere in An Officer and a Gentleman, she’s got nowhere else to go. But there was some slim possibility that someone else would get in and beat her and Sanders. That won’t happen now. She will almost surely go on to lose in New Hampshire. After that, her best hope is to grind out a victory over many months, antagonizing Sanders' supporters, who are disproportionately made up of exactly the kind of young activists Clinton desperately needs to win in November.

The window for a Democratic savior — if one ever existed — slammed shut Monday night. The Democrats are stuck with what they’ve got.

Jonah Goldberg, American Enterprise Institute fellow and National Review contributing editor, is a member of USA TODAY's Board of Contributors.

In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors. To read more columns like this, go to the Opinion front page.",1
26,House passes alternate abortion measure,"Washington (CNN) The GOP-controlled House of Representatives passed legislation on Thursday banning all taxpayer money for abortions. But that bill was a backup, after another proposal to ban so-called ""late -term"" abortions was suddenly yanked the late Wednesday night because of blow back from moderate Republicans who argued it was too extreme.

The bill barring federal taxpayer funds was approved in the last Congress. On Thursday it passed 242-179, with three Democrats joining virtually all House Republicans to support the bill. GOP Rep. Richard Hanna of New York was the one Republican who voted against it.

Earlier on Thursday, the White House promised to veto the legislation if it ended up on the President's desk.

The vote came as tens of thousands of anti-abortion rights activists descended on the National Mall for the annual ""March for Life."" Thursday's event coincides with the 42nd anniversary the of the Supreme Court's Roe v. Wade decision which upheld a woman's access to abortion based on privacy rights in the Constitution.

Republican leaders initially planned to pass the ""Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act,"" a bill banning abortion procedures for women who are beyond 20 weeks into their pregnancy. A similar version of that bill was approved by the House in 2013.

But a bloc of female GOP members - led by North Carolina Rep Renee Ellmers - opposed a provision in the bill that provided an exception for women who are raped, but required that that they show evidence they filed a police report in order to have access to an abortion. These members argued the vast majority of rapes go unreported, and some are the result of incest. Some male members agreed that provision shouldn't be included, and urged leaders to strip it out.

""I'm pro-life,"" Florida GOP Congressman Carlos Curbelo told reporters on Thursday. But he added, ""I'm certainly not going to ever put myself in the position where I'm telling any woman that their account of a rape is valid or not.""

House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi needled the GOP about the internal spat, saying, ""They didn't even have their act together.""

And she criticized the GOP for spending time on the abortion debate instead of debating measures focused on job creation.

""They're putting a bill on the floor that undermines the health of America's women. The bill is worse than the bill they pulled from the floor yesterday,"" Pelosi said in a news conference. ""That affected thousands of women, maybe, this affects millions of women. It not only affects their health, it affects the personal decisions of how they spend their own money for health insurance.""

Religious activists pushing for more abortion restrictions were unhappy with the Republican leadership's decision to cancel the vote on that measure.

""I have nothing but respect for the speaker but this was not the best moment for the House Republicans by far -- and happening on the day on the March for life,"" Dr. Russell Moore, president of the Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission, told CNN.

The late-night decision to pull the bill was a unusual win for more centrist members, who argued that the bill sent the wrong message - especially to women and young people - at a time that the party was working to expand its support ahead of the 2016 national election.

""This appeared to be messaging bill, and the message that was being sent was not a very good one,"" Republican Rep Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania said, noting that the bill was not going anywhere in the Senate.

""I would prefer that our party spent less time focusing on these very contentious social issues, because that distracts us from broader economic messages where I think we have much greater appeal to the larger public,"" he said.

Since Republicans took control of the House in 2011, House Speaker John Boehner has tangled with conservatives on a range of bills, and in some cases their opposition has thwarted Boehner's legislative agenda. After the 2014 midterm election, the GOP conference now has 246 members, including 22 female members. The willingness of many of these members, and those who represent competitive districts, to challenge their leaders may complicate future legislation.

""There is a growing sentiment in the conference that we want to move legislation that can make a difference for the American people and not take an infinite number of symbolic votes that might be good for a campaign ad or get people riled up,"" Curbelo told CNN.

North Carolina Republican Rep. Richard Hudson, who said he wasn't involved in the discussions about the bill, said, ""None of us saw it coming.""

He pointed out that members voted on the same bill last year, and said, ""Now there is a concern, then there wasn't.""

Much of the criticism from anti-abortion rights groups centered on Ellmers. Moore said activists at the Match for Life took notice of the North Carolina Republican's role.

""I've heard the name Renee Ellmers once every 20 seconds this morning on the mall,"" he said.

She issued a statement after Thursday's vote saying she still was still discussing bringing the 20-week abortion bill ban bill back to the floor.

""Our goal is to find a way to get this legislation in its best possible form,"" she said.

Rep. Trent Franks of Arizona, the author of the bill that didn't get a vote, told reporters he was ""disappointed"" and said he was confident the measure would have passed. He said he didn't question his leaders commitment to fighting for anti-abortion rights bills and said he had their ""word of honor"" the House would eventually hold a vote on it.",1
2038,Poll: Hillary Clinton ahead in 5 potential match-ups - Politics.com,"A new poll released Monday indicates Hillary Clinton holds an advantage over five potential Republican opponents in hypothetical match-ups for the 2016 presidential election.

If the contest were held today, 45% of likely voters say they would pick the former secretary of state over Mitt Romney, who garners 39%.

She has a 43%-37% advantage over former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and a 42%-36% margin over New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie.

All three of Clinton's margins over Bush, Christie and Romney fall within the sampling error of plus-or-minus 3.6 percentage points.

When matched against Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, however, her lead widens. Forty-six percent of likely voters side with Clinton, compared to 33% who pick Cruz.

In a head-to-head with Paul, who's been aggressive in reaching out to Democrats and independents, Clinton still comes out ahead, 45%-37%.

Bloomberg conducted interview with 753 likely voters from December 3-5.",1
2767,"Iraqis think the U.S. is in cahoots with the Islamic State, and it is hurting the war","On the front lines of the battle against the Islamic State, suspicion of the United States runs deep. Iraqi fighters say they have all seen the videos purportedly showing U.S. helicopters airdropping weapons to the militants, and many claim they have friends and relatives who have witnessed similar instances of collusion.

Ordinary people also have seen the videos, heard the stories and reached the same conclusion — one that might seem absurd to Americans but is widely believed among Iraqis — that the United States is supporting the Islamic State for a variety of pernicious reasons that have to do with asserting U.S. control over Iraq, the wider Middle East and, perhaps, its oil.

“It is not in doubt,” said Mustafa Saadi, who says his friend saw U.S. helicopters delivering bottled water to Islamic State positions. He is a commander in one of the Shiite militias that last month helped push the militants out of the oil refinery near Baiji in northern Iraq alongside the Iraqi army.

The Islamic State is “almost finished,” he said. “They are weak. If only America would stop supporting them, we could defeat them in days.”

[Inside the surreal world of the Islamic State’s propaganda machine]

U.S. military officials say the charges are too far-fetched to merit a response. “It’s beyond ridiculous,” said Col. Steve Warren, the military’s Baghdad-based spokesman. “There’s clearly no one in the West who buys it, but unfortunately, this is something that a segment of the Iraqi population believes.”

The perception among Iraqis that the United States is somehow in cahoots with the militants it claims to be fighting appears, however, to be widespread across the country’s Sunni-Shiite sectarian divide, and it speaks to more than just the troubling legacy of mistrust that has clouded the United States’ relationship with Iraq since the 2003 invasion and the subsequent withdrawal eight years later.

At a time when attacks by the Islamic State in Paris and elsewhere have intensified calls for tougher action on the ground, such is the level of suspicion with which the United States is viewed in Iraq that it is unclear whether the Obama administration would be able to significantly escalate its involvement even if it wanted to.

“What influence can we have if they think we are supporting the terrorists?” asked Kirk Sowell, an analyst based in neighboring Jordan who publishes the newsletter Inside Iraqi Politics.

In one example of how little leverage the United States now has, Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi pushed back swiftly against an announcement Tuesday by Defense Secretary ­Ashton B. Carter that an expeditionary force of U.S. troops will be dispatched to Iraq to conduct raids, free hostages and capture Islamic State leaders.

[Is it too late to solve the mess in the Middle East?]

Iraq’s semiautonomous region of Kurdistan, where support for the United States remains strong, has said it would welcome more troops. But Abadi indicated they would not be needed.

“There is no need for foreign ground combat troops,” he said in a statement. “Any such support and special operations anywhere in Iraq can only be deployed subject to the approval of the Iraqi Government and in coordination with the Iraqi forces and with full respect to Iraqi sovereignty.”

The allegations of U.S. collusion with the Islamic State are aired regularly in parliament by Shiite politicians and promoted in postings on social media. They are persistent enough to suggest a deliberate campaign on the part of Iran’s allies in Iraq to erode American influence, U.S. officials say.

In one typical recent video that appeared on the Facebook page of a Shiite militia, a lawmaker with the country’s biggest militia group, the Badr Organization, waves apparently new U.S military MREs (meals ready to eat) — one of them chicken and dumplings — allegedly found at a recently captured Islamic State base in Baiji, offering proof, he said, of U.S. support.

“The Iranians and the Iranian-backed Shiite militias are really pushing this line of propaganda, that the United States is supporting ISIL,” Warren said. “It’s part of the Iranian propaganda machine.”

The perception plays into a widening rift within Iraq’s ruling Shiite elite over whether to pivot more toward Iran or the United States. Those pushing the allegations “want to create a narrative that Iran is our ally and the United States is our enemy, and this undermines Abadi, who is America’s ally,” Sowell said.

[Police call him an ISIS recruiter. He says he’s just an outspoken preacher.]

Iraqi government officials say they don’t believe the charges and point out that Abadi regularly pushes back against them. But Abadi’s own position has weakened in recent months. He is battling for his political survival against a variety of Shiite militia leaders whose power has been bolstered by the increasingly dominant role played on the battlefield by the militias, collectively known as Hashd al-Shaabi, or popular mobilization units.

Iraqi officials complain that their task is hampered by what is universally perceived as the lackluster U.S. response to the threat posed by the Islamic State.

“We don’t believe the Americans support Daesh,” said Naseer Nouri, spokesman for the Ministry of Defense, using the Arabic acronym for the Islamic State. “But it is true that most people are saying they do, and they are right to believe that the Americans should be doing much more than they are. It’s because America is so slow that most people believe they are supporting Daesh.”

U.S. warplanes routinely fail to respond to requests for air support because of U.S. rules of engagement that preclude strikes if there is a risk civilians may be hit, he said. According to Warren, that standard frequently is not met. The United States has conducted more than 3,768 strikes in Iraq as of Nov.­ 19, according to the U.S. military, and the tempo of strikes has increased lately, U.S. officials say.

But it also appears that the fighters are unaware when they do receive U.S. air support. The U.S. military reported near-daily strikes in support of the offensive to recapture Baiji last month and continues to respond regularly to requests for strikes in the vicinity, Warren said.

[In the fight against the Islamic State, Iraq’s leader begins to look shaky]

The fighters there insist there have been no strikes by the Americans at all. “We’d be better off without them,” said 1st Lt. Murtada Fadl, who is serving with the Iraqi elite forces in Baiji. He said that the only air support had come from the Iraqi air force and that he wishes the government would ask the Russians to replace the Americans.

In a part of the world where outcomes are often confused with intentions and regional complexities enable conspiracy theories to thrive, the notion that the United States is colluding with the Islamic State holds a certain logic, according to Mustafa Alani, director of the Dubai-based Gulf Research Center. Most Arabs are too in awe of American might to believe that the United States is deliberately adopting a minimalist approach, he said.

“The reason is that the Americans aren’t doing the job people expect them to do,” he said. “Mosul was lost and the Americans did nothing. Syria was lost and the Americans did nothing. Paris is attacked and the Americans aren’t doing much. So people believe this is a deliberate policy. They can’t believe the American leadership fails to understand the developments in the region, and so the only other explanation is that this is part of a conspiracy.”

On the streets of Baghdad, most Iraqis see no other explanation.

“The image of the U.S. was damaged in the region, so they created Daesh in order to fight them and restore their image,” said Mohammed Abdul Khaleq, a journalist for a local TV station who was drinking coffee in a cafe favored by writers, most of whom said they agreed.

A rare dissenting voice was offered by Hassan Abdul-Wahab, 23, selling luggage in a nearby shop. “It is true that most people believe that,” he said. “But it’s not based on reason. It’s based on racism — because Iraqis don’t like Americans in the first place.”

Did these tweets encourage a Chicago teen to try joining the Islamic State?

Why the Islamic State leaves tech companies torn between free speech and security

With fight against the Islamic State in Iraq stalled, U.S. looks to Syria for gains",1
5269,"Republican National Convention: Speakers, including wife Melania, testify to Donald Trump’s readiness to be president; others savage Clinton","Republicans opened their national convention here Monday night by weaving savage attacks on Hillary Clinton into testimonials to Donald Trump’s compassion, strength and readiness to be commander-in-chief in the face of terrorist attacks on the homeland and around the world.

After the Republican National Convention got off to a chaotic start because of an afternoon procedural skirmish, Trump made a splashy debut on the convention stage to introduce his wife, Melania, whose speech was a highlight of an otherwise uneven evening.

“I have been with Donald for 18 years, and I have been aware of his love for this country since we first met,” she said. “He never had a hidden agenda when it comes to his patriotism because, like me, he loves his country very much.”

But minutes after she finished, the Quicken Loans Arena began emptying out as retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn delivered a rambling and unfocused speech that dragged on for nearly half an hour.

The result: Sen. Joni Ernst of Iowa, poised to deliver a breakout performance, could not take the stage until well after prime time and addressed a mostly empty arena.

“Hillary Clinton has failed to stop the expansion of terrorism,” Ernst said, adding: “She is entirely unfit to serve as our nation’s commander-in-chief.”

The Trumps were the stars of Monday night’s show, however. Donald strode onto the convention stage about 10:20 p.m., walking out in silhouette to Queen’s anthem, “We Are the Champions.”

“We’re going to win so big,” the candidate vowed, as he introduced his wife, Melania, for her keynote address.

A former fashion model born in Slovenia, Melania Trump has shied away from public speaking. Monday night, she spoke with composure and movingly talked about her husband’s love of family and country.

“Donald thinks big, which is especially important when considering the presidency of the United States,” she said. “No room for small thinking. No room for small results. Donald gets things done.”

Melania Trump sought to broaden her husband’s appeal to the general population, including groups that have been outright hostile to his candidacy, saying that love binds their family and that together they would bring compassion to the White House.

“Donald intends to represent all the people, not just some of the people,” she said. “That includes Christians and Jews and Muslims. It includes Hispanics and African Americans and Asians and the poor and the middle class.”

Afterward, Donald Trump returned to the stage, kissed his wife and pointed at her with his signature gesture, as if to show her off to the roaring crowd.

Former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani gave one of the night’s most impassioned addresses, strongly defending Trump, whom he has known for decades.

“What I did for New York, Donald Trump will do for America,” said Giuliani, who steered his city through the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.

Many of the earlier speakers delivered hard-edged remarks seemingly designed to play to Trump’s base supporters. A trio of speakers railed against undocumented immigrants — whom they repeatedly called “illegal aliens” — for killing their loved ones and argued that only Trump could keep the country safe.

“My son’s life was stolen at the hands of an illegal alien,” said Mary Ann Mendoza, mother of fallen police Sgt. Brandon Mendoza. “It’s time we had an administration that cares more about Americans than about illegals. A vote for Hillary is putting all our children’s lives at risk.”

Others who took the stage in prime time here in Cleveland aimed at Clinton.

Patricia Smith, whose son Sean died in the 2012 terrorist attacks on a U.S. diplomatic outpost in Benghazi, Libya, reduced convention delegates to tears with an emotional address about her son’s death — which she said she blames on Clinton, the-then secretary of state.

“I blame Hillary Clinton personally for the death of my son,” Smith said. She pointed out a delegate holding up a “Hillary for Prison” sign and said, “That’s right — Hillary for prison. She deserves to be in stripes.”

Smith served as the moving opening act in a series of presentations about Clinton’s handling of the Benghazi attacks, the subject of many congressional and other investigations. Giuliani accused her of “dereliction of duty” in Benghazi.

“She loves her pantsuits,” said Darryl Glenn, a GOP Senate candidate in Colorado. “But we should send her an e-mail and tell her that she deserves a bright orange jumpsuit.”

A few speakers aimed their remarks to the broader electorate. Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), for instance, said twice, “Help is on the way” — a memorable line from conventions past, including the 2000 speech by former vice president Richard B. Cheney.

A number of speakers of color echoed Trump’s core themes of grievance, including some racial provocations.

“Frankly, somebody with a nice tan needs to say this: All lives matter,” said Glenn, who is black.

David Clarke, the Milwaukee County sheriff, who also is African American, cried out “Blue lives matter in America.” His call of support for law enforcement officers was received with chants of “USA! USA! USA!” in the convention hall. Clarke went on to criticize the Black Lives Matter movement.

Giuliani bemoaned the racial divisions on display across the country and that first responders “have a target on their back.”

“When they come to save your life, they don’t ask if you are black or white,” the former mayor said. “They just come to save you.”

An emotional high point early in the night was a speech from Marcus Luttrell, the former Navy SEAL immortalized as the “Lone Survivor,” who got involved in politics after former Texas governor Rick Perry and his wife, Anita, took him in as a surrogate son and nursed him to health.

Luttrell said that after spending time with Trump, he is confident the business mogul could fix chronic problems in the Department of Veterans Affairs.

“We’ve got to make sure the hell the veterans return from is not the hell the veterans come home to, okay?” Luttrell said. “That’s what was promised and that’s what’s deserved. Period.”

The focus on national security and immigration comes at a perilous time. Recent terrorist attacks in the United States and abroad, coupled with police shootings in Dallas and Baton Rouge, La., have created fear and worry.

Willie Robertson, the long-bearded star of “Duck Dynasty,” took the podium wearing an American flag bandana around his head and vowed repeatedly that Trump would “have your back.”

During the convention’s afternoon proceedings, anti-Trump forces expressed vocal dissent from the convention floor, though party officials snuffed out attempts to slow Trump’s march to the presidential nomination.

A renegade group of delegates seeking to force a rules vote that would have embarrassed Trump fell short. They were hoping to register disapproval of new party rules that favor Trump, but a handful of state delegations backed out under pressure from party leaders.

The outcome cleared the path for Trump, who touched down in Cleveland around 7:30 p.m., to accept the GOP presidential nomination later this week without having to clear new hurdles. But it underscored the deep rifts that continue to plague the Republican Party during a week that was supposed to reflect unity.

The Trumps arrive in a convention city with Republican rifts ever raw, both on the floor of the Quicken Loans Arena and on the sidelines. Trump’s top backers on Monday aggressively disparaged Ohio Gov. John Kasich and other Republicans who have declined to support the celebrity mogul for president — an unusual provocation for a team hoping to foster unity.

On the convention floor, pro-Trump Republicans dealt the decisive blow to anti-Trump Republicans in a pair of voice votes. That prompted an outcry and a disorderly sequence of events on that was broadcast live on cable news networks.

“Roll call vote! Roll call vote!” angry delegates chanted, while Trump supporters sought to overpower them with chants of “Trump! Trump!” The Colorado delegation briefly walked off the floor.

Sen. Mike Lee of Utah, a Trump critic, expressed befuddlement and indignation that no roll call vote was held and that the podium was briefly abandoned.

“There’s no precedent for this in parliamentary procedure,” Lee told reporters on the convention floor. “We are now in uncharted territory.” He called the outcome “surreal.”

[Schedule: See who is speaking on the second day of the Republican National Convention]

Earlier in the day, former senator Gordon Humphrey of New Hampshire came to the convention floor claiming to be holding a packet of documents with the requisite number of signatures from enough states to force the vote they wanted. Trailed by dozens of reporters, Humphrey delivered the signatures to a convention official, who reviewed them.

But that’s as far as it went, as three state delegations pulled back their support, according to Rep. Steve Womack of Arkansas, who presided over the drama. That left the Trump foes below the threshold they needed to reach.

Separately, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said it was “unacceptable” for former candidates who pledged to support the eventual nominee to hold out now. And Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort targeted Kasich, who is in Cleveland this week but refusing to step foot in the convention, and the Bush family, who are skipping the festivities altogether.

The broadsides from Trump allies, which drew some swift rebuttals from Kasich backers, inflamed tensions at the start of the quadrennial confab, which will feature four days of speeches, meetings and parties that will culminate in Trump’s formal acceptance speech on Thursday night.

“Certainly the Bush family, we would have liked to have had them. They’re part of the past. We’re dealing with the future,” Manafort told reporters Monday morning. Manafort said on MSNBC that Kasich was “embarrassing his state” by skipping the convention.

Christie reminded Michigan Republicans that as a candidate for president, he and other GOP candidates pledged to support the eventual nominee.

“It is unacceptable to me, and it should be unacceptable to you that anyone who signed that pledge is not now adhering to that pledge and supporting our party’s nominee,” said Christie. The governor, who is now a staunch Trump supporter and surrogate, didn’t call anyone out by name.

[Seven things to watch at the Republican convention in Cleveland]

As White House hopefuls, Kasich and former Florida governor Jeb Bush pledged loyalty to the eventual nominee before later backing away. So did Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.). Like Bush and Kasich, Cruz has not endorsed Trump. But Cruz is speaking at the convention.

Kasich’s allies defended the governor on social media. Ohio GOP Chairman Matt Borges tweeted: “Manafort still has a lot to learn about Ohio politics. Doesn’t know what he’s talking about. Hope he can do better.”

“Impossible to know ‘strategy’ behind this,” tweeted John Weaver, a top Kasich adviser in his presidential run.

Christie added: “Everyone has a right to their own conscience and their own beliefs. But the fact of the matter is, as I said before, if you’re a Republican and you have voted for Republican nominees for president and you’re not working for Donald Trump, you’re working for Hillary. And that’s the bottom line.”

For Trump, the convention comes at a crucial time. He is trying to put weeks of distracting feuds and staff turnover behind him and demonstrate to the country that he is the best-qualified candidate for the White House.

Peter Holley, Jenna Johnson, Louisa Loveluck, Karen Tumulty and Laura Vozzella contributed to this report.",1
2271,OnPolitics | 's politics blog,"Who has Trump appointed to his cabinet so far?

Donald Trump added three new men to his list of cabinet picks Friday. Get to know them.",1
2013,Romney exit widens establishment lane for Bush,"Washington (CNN) Mitt Romney's decision to pass on 2016 anoints Jeb Bush as the clear establishment favorite in the Republican presidential race and lays down a challenge to the party's divided conservatives.

Though the first contests will not take place in early voting states for a year, Romney's swerve, announced on a conference call with supporters on Friday, is the most important moment yet in the nascent GOP contest. It removes the prospect of a bruising battle for big establishment donor cash and moderate, right of center, Republican primary voters between Romney, the 2012 nominee and Bush, heir to a dynastic political machine.

""I think it is hard to argue that today's news did not help Gov. Bush,"" said Matt Moore, chairman of the Republican Party in South Carolina, which holds one of the crucial early voting primaries next year.

Bush sent the Republican race into overdrive with his sudden announcement last month that he was actively exploring a run for president. Since then, he has been flying around the nation in an apparent bid to put up a formidable ""shock and awe"" early fundraising number to define the contest in his favor.

Though Bush is seen as leading establishment Republicans, Romney's decision could improve New Jersey Gov. Christie's hopes of financing a long campaign.

""Today's news certainly does re-open the fight for donors. I know many donors had been frozen in recent weeks, taking a 'wait and see' approach,"" said Moore. ""There's a finite amount of money that can be raised -- so every candidate benefits.""

Kevin Madden, a one-time adviser to Romney who is now a CNN commentator, said his former boss's decision opened up an early trial of strength between Christie and Bush.

""This becomes the first big test between those candidates, which one of them can quickly move to lock down those donors. It is a very successful, very large fundraising network. It's going to be an important asset.""

Some party insiders also believe conservative candidates who can also straddle the line with the establishment could benefit from Romney's departure.

A top adviser to one potential Republican primary contender said in an interview that Romney's exit likely helps both Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, who both have strong conservative support but have also been warmly received by some establishment-minded donors.

""They're acceptable to the establishment but they also have support within the various conservative bases — among economic conservatives, social conservatives and national security conservatives,"" the adviser said.

Romney's decision not to run doesn't remove him from the 2016 calculus entirely — it sets him up to be a potential kingmaker in one of the most wide-open primary fields in recent memory.

Though sources told CNN's Dana Bash not to expect a Romney endorsement of another candidate in the near future, contenders will be clamoring for his blessing.

A top Rubio aide said ""any leading candidate would"" want Romney's support.

Jim Merrill, Romney's top strategist in New Hampshire, said that his ""guess is [Romney] probably will"" endorse a candidate in the primary.

Romney's statement, however, made clear that he was not stepping aside in favor of Bush. In fact he appeared to take a veiled swipe at the 61-year-old former Florida governor.

""I believe that one of our next generation of Republican leaders, one who may not be as well known as I am today, one who has not yet taken their message across the country, one who is just getting started, may well emerge as being better able to defeat the Democrat nominee,"" Romney told his supporters.

He appeared to be implying that the GOP would be best served by a younger candidate taking on Clinton, who will be 69 at the time of the general election in November 2016.

Rubio, 43, quickly picked up on the idea of a generational shift, stressing repeatedly in a short statement praising Romney that he was close to the 2012 nominee.

""He certainly earned the right to consider running, so I deeply respect his decision to give the next generation a chance to lead.""

Walker, 47, also picked up the signals, thanking Romney in a tweet for ""opening the door for fresh leadership in America.""

Romney may also be making a point by sitting down for dinner on Friday night with Christie, 52, in New York.

His exit will also shift the terrain more practically in the early states, where his former staffers can now join the campaign of their choice.

Merrill said he's been receiving calls from former Romney operatives in the state — and interested candidates — wondering what's next, but he wasn't yet leaning toward any candidate in particular.

""[Romney's] not gonna be a candidate, so that means we are open for business,"" Merrill said.

Reverberations are also being felt in Iowa, where voters will get the 2016 ball rolling next year and where Romney lost by only a handful of votes to Rick Santorum on the way to the GOP nomination in 2012.

A Des Moines Register/Bloomberg poll published Friday showed 57 percent of likely caucus goers had favorable feelings about Romney. But that figure was down from 65 percent in October.

Romney may have calculated that he would have struggled to keep that level of support, fighting Bush and Christie for moderates and facing fresh faced conservatives like Walker and firebrand Sen. Ted Cruz.

""There a lot of people who had second thoughts about Romney,"" said Steffen Schmidt, an Iowa State University Professor who is an authority on the state's fabled caucuses.

""Mitt Romney would have had a much harder time in Iowa,"" in 2016, Schmidt said.

Bush is basking in a second straight day of good news. On Thursday, he poached David Kochel, one of the state's most highly regarded political consultants for a possible post running his campaign.

Kochel previously worked for Romney in Iowa, and his departure was seen as a serious blow to the former Massachusetts governor.

The narrowing of the establishment field may hold a wake up call for conservatives who hoped a candidate preferred by the grass roots would emerge this cycle.

But with candidates like Walker, Cruz, Mike Huckabee, Santorum and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul all tipped to appeal to certain sections of the conservative electorate, they face a familiar problem : the lack of a single right-wing favorite to take on the establishment's pick.

Romney's announcement, which kept political pundits guessing until minutes before he spoke with supporters, was in keeping with the already rich drama of the 2016 race.

Even a month ago, no one thought that Romney, who twice ran for president and lost, could find a rationale to underpin another shot.

But in three frenzied weeks, Romney, apparently disdaining the quality of the crowded GOP race, and bumped into a swift decision by Bush's early move, appeared to be about to jump in. Bush had previously effectively forced out another possible establishment candidate Sen. Rob Portman, by getting into the race.

Romney traveled to California to headline the Republican National Committee's winter meeting, and stoked speculation by consulting former staffers and party heavyweights about a possible run.

For now, most of those close to Romney believe he will resume his role as the de-facto leader of the party until a nominee emerges, speaking out on key issues.

""You'll see him do what he's already been doing post-2012 — be someone that stands up to President Obama, speaks the truth when the opportunity calls,"" Merrill said.",1
1308,Panicky Hillary starts shouting,"**Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.**

Buzz Cut:

 • Panicky Hillary starts shouting

 • NYT dumps on Heidi Cruz

 • Rubio touts pistol purchase

 • GOP Power Index: Christie fades

 • Driven by destiny

 

 PANICKY HILLARY STARTS SHOUTING

 You can turn the volume back up on your televisions, the Democratic debate is done and the shouting has ended.

Apparently believing that commitment and sincerity can be measured in decibels, Hillary Clinton turned up the volume in Sunday night’s showdown with rival Bernie Sanders.

She also matched her louder volume with sharper attacks on Sanders. But the Vermont socialist came ready to fight, counterpunching and even landing a few blows. You’d have to give him the win, if only narrowly, on the grounds that not only did he dominate the discussion but that she was strangely treating him as the frontrunner.

Or maybe it was just that she was trying to fight on Sanders’ turf. He’s been shouting since before it was cool. Clinton seems to be abandoning the mantra of her campaign – “I’m a fighter” – for an effort to approximate the anger that candidates on both sides of the aisle have been trying, with varying degrees of success, to ape.

But it’s hard to believe that Clinton is angry, or at least that she is angry about something other than the fact that her party seems to delight in spurning her. Life has been very good to the Clintons over the past 16 years, to say the least. Except for the politics part.

Clinton and her crew could assuage themselves after her 2008 primary loss that they were victims of history – the sudden ascendance of a gifted, African-American candidate was more of a force of nature than a reflection of her political weakness.

But what if she were struggling with a guy who was deeply white and five years older than her? What if the guy this time was not a gifted speechmaker but one who gave shout-y campaign boilerplate in a Brooklyn honk? What if he had been honking around Washington for 25 years and was generally written off as a crank?

It has apparently all been enough to rattle Clinton, whose onetime indulgence of Sanders has turned into attacks and who seems to be on the verge of yet another campaign reboot.

Tied or trailing Sanders in the first two nominating contests, it’s hard to say she’s wrong. A huge lead in South Carolina and what, last month at least, was a wide advantage in Nevada still suggest that Clinton isn’t yet in danger of being toppled a second time – and that her strategy of aggressively pursuing black voters and other parts of the Obama coalition is paying off.

But would those leads look so stout if Clinton were to lose the first two contests? Certainly not. Just ask South Carolina Democratic powerbroker Rep. Jim Clyburn, who told the NYT, “The reality is, if Mrs. Clinton loses Iowa and New Hampshire, that could create new and real problems for her here.”

As of now, you can still call Clinton the presumptive Democratic nominee, but we are now seeing a scenario in which she might have to waste several damaging months on a fight that will harm her general election chances and distract public attention from the bazooka blasts on the GOP side.

WITH YOUR SECOND CUP OF COFFEE…

 America seems to owe an awful lot to high-living French noblemen. And if you like the idea of separation of power between branches of government, then say ‘Joyeux anniversaire’ to Charles-Louis de Secondat, Baron de La Brède et de Montesquieu, born on this date in 1689. Montesquieu led something of a dissipated life as a young nobleman at court in Paris, but became increasingly serious about his political writing and philosophizing. A visit to England would open his mind further and give birth to a riot of political thought. But perhaps chief among his insights was the value of divided government. Britannica explains: “Dividing political authority into the legislative, executive, and judicial powers, [Montesquieu] asserted that, in the state that most effectively promotes liberty, these three powers must be confided to different individuals or bodies, acting independently… Though its accuracy has in more recent times been disputed, in its own century it was admired and held authoritative, even in England; it inspired the Declaration of the Rights of Man and the Constitution of the United States.”

NYT DUMPS ON HEIDI CRUZ

 The NYT digs deep into the life of Ted Cruz’s wife, Heidi, with a focus on an incident 11 years ago in which a police officer found her, head in hands, sitting beside an expressway onramp. The article, which revisits the incident twice and at length, casts her as an unstable woman who has thrown away a promising career to support her husband. It is some really ugly stuff.

Trump in free fire zone with Cruz attacks - ABC News: “With two weeks left before voters in Iowa cast the very first votes in the 2016 presidential election, Republican front-runner Donald Trump is turning up the heat on his fiercest rival in the Hawkeye State -– Sen. Ted Cruz. ‘I don't think Ted Cruz has a great chance, to be honest with you,’ Trump told ABC News Chief Anchor George Stephanopoulos in an interview on “This Week” Sunday. ‘Look, the truth is, he's a nasty guy. He was so nice to me. I mean, I knew it. I was watching. I kept saying, ‘Come on Ted. Let’s go, okay.’ But he’s a nasty guy. Nobody likes him. Nobody in Congress likes him. Nobody likes him anywhere once they get to know him. He’s a very –- he's got an edge that’s not good. You can't make deals with people like that and it's not a good thing. It's not a good thing for the country. Very nasty guy.’”

[In a new digital ad, a pro-Cruz PAC uses Trump’s past praise of Cruz as narration for their spot.]

Trump’s faith - Weekly Standard does a dive into the faith background of Donald Trump and whether or not his lack of an active membership in any faith will give pause to evangelicals with other options this cycle.

Cruz begins aggressive campaign schedule in N.H. - Dallas Morning News: “U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas is trying to beat the odds and pull out victories in both [Iowa and New Hampshire]…On Sunday he started a five-day New Hampshire tour packed with 17 events in all 10 of the state’s counties.”

RUBIO TOUTS PISTOL PURCHASE

 Tampa Bay Times: “Marco Rubio went shopping for a handgun on Christmas Eve, tying it to the threat of ISIS. ‘I have a right to protect my family if someone were to come after us,’ he said Sunday on CBS’ Face the Nation. ‘In fact, if ISIS were to visit us, or our communities, at any moment, the last line of defense between ISIS and my family is the ability that I have to protect my family from them, or from a criminal, or anyone else who seeks to do us harm. Millions of Americans feel that way.’ Rubio first disclosed the gun purchase on Friday while visiting Sturm, Ruger & Co. in New Hampshire. He linked guns and ISIS again while in Iowa on Saturday.”

Kasich lands endorsement of three N.H. papers - AP: “Three New Hampshire newspapers are endorsing Ohio Gov. John Kasich for president as the Republican aspires to a top-tier primary finish there. The Nashua Telegraph, Foster’s Daily Democrat and Portsmouth Herald all threw their support behind Kasich in Sunday editions.”

What if it’s a two-man race? - What happens if Jeb Bush or Chris Christie can succeed in crippling Marco Rubio and leaves the Republicans with only two choices? One might assume that establishment support would flow to Cruz, a lifelong Republican and sitting senator. Not necessarily, says Molly Ball in a dispatch from the trail: “Some Republicans who have moved through the stages of grief from denial to bargaining, if not yet acceptance, have begun to suggest that Trump might be preferable to Cruz. Trump is, if you squint, a sort of moderate Republican; he’s a dealmaker; and surely he’s craven enough to reverse his most alienating positions and say what people want to hear if he gets to the general election. Cruz, on the other hand, is an ideologue. The scariest prospect of all is that he really means what he says, and might, if elected, take it upon himself to actually upend the establishment’s cherished status quo.”

GOP POWER INDEX: CHRISTIE FADES

 New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie has painted himself a straight-talker since he was elected to the governorship in 2009, and has made it a cornerstone of his presidential campaign’s “Telling It Like It Is” slogan.

Town hall videos of his early days as governor hit the Internet, and people around the country were drawn to this frank, no nonsense guy. When he took on the teacher’s unions, and was asked about his own children’s private education, he responded, “It’s none of your business,” which resonated with people tired of hearing exhaustive explanations from politicians.

But his straight-talk attitude hasn’t quite delivered on is message of late. As Christie tries to find a path from the middle of the pack in New Hampshire to national viability, he’s come under increasing scrutiny. And voters are hearing a lot more run-on sentences than they were used to from Christie.

In the Fox Business Network Debate last week, Christie claimed that he never supported Justice Sonya Sotomayor’s appointment to the Supreme Court, but his statement at the time reads: “I support her appointment to the Supreme Court and urge the Senate to keep politics out of the process and confirm her nomination. Qualified appointees should be confirmed and deserve bi-partisan support.”

It’s been the same of gun control. Although he has vetoed limits on clip-size and photo IDs for gun owners, Christie’s record on guns is scattered. National Review’s Jim Geraghty points out that in a 1993 race for New Jersey Senate, Christie issued a statement asserting that “we already have too many firearms in our communities. The issue which has energized me to get into this race is the recent attempt by certain Republican legislators to repeal New Jersey’s ban on assault weapons. In today’s society, no one needs a semi-automatic assault weapon.” In November 2015, Christie told Bret Baier in an interview for “Special Report” that he didn’t remember making that statement.

On the radar - Carly Fiorina, Ben Carson and Rand Paul

 

 [Watch Fox: Chris Stirewalt joins “The Real Story with Gretchen Carlson” in the 2 p.m. ET hour with the latest on who’s up and who’s down in the 2016 Power Index.]

What would you say? - Give us your take on the 2016 Power Index. We will share the best and brightest with the whole class. Send your thoughts to FOXNEWSFIRST@FOXNEWS.COM

DRIVEN BY DESTINY

 On a day when we remember the legendary figure of Martin Luther King Jr., NPR shares the reminiscence of Tom Houk, King’s driver and body man at the peak of the Civil Rights movement. Houck headed to Atlanta to join the movement and was surprised at being picked up by Dr. King and his wife Coretta Scott King, with the reverend at the wheel. After lunch that day, she asked Houck if he might drive the children to school the following day: “[J]ust like that, Houck began his stint as the Kings' family driver. For nine months, Houck drove Martin Luther King Jr. around Atlanta, though King liked to drive himself often, too. ‘But he was a terrible driver,’ Houck says. ‘And he turned WAOK radio in Atlanta on full blast.’

That wasn't the only puzzle presented to Houck. There were also the cigarettes. ‘Dr. King was a chain smoker, all right? But Coretta did not like the cigarettes,’ Houck says. ‘So when we would come back to the house, first thing Coretta would do, she would check Dr. King's pockets. So he started giving me his cigarettes.’ In the midst of the struggle, Houck found himself a co-conspirator in King’s vice. And with good reason: Houck idolized the reverend for his virtues.”

Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News. Want FOX News First in your inbox every day? Sign up here.

Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as digital politics editor based in Washington, D.C.  Additionally, he authors the daily ""Fox News First"" political news note and hosts ""Power Play,"" a feature video series, on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on the network, including ""The Kelly File,"" ""Special Report with Bret Baier,"" and ""Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace.""  He also provides expert political analysis for Fox News coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections.",1
4611,The Collectivist Election,"When Henry Adams wrote in the early 20th century that ""politics, as a practice whatever its professions, had always been the systematic organization of hatreds,"" there was ample reason to take him literally.

The world back then was on the verge of a cataclysmic war that would kill 17 million people and help incubate both communism and fascism. Adams had come of age in London as the son of the American ambassador under President Abraham Lincoln, a man who knew all too well how political disputes can turn bloody. And Adams' great-grandfather, the second president of the United States, was accused by Thomas Jefferson's supporters during the famously acrimonious 1800 election of having, among many other unpleasant things, a ""hideous hermaphroditical character.""

So maybe the one positive of the 2016 version of American political hatred is that it probably won't make people work double shifts down at the morgue. But everything else about this repellant contest between the two most reviled major-party nominees in modern history points to an alarming resurgence of that foul and dangerous defect of judgment known as collectivism.

When we hear the c word nowadays it's usually in the context of Stalin's agricultural five-year plans or the rah-rah slogans on 1930s posters. But there's another, more personal meaning of the term that has dwindled in usage, even while its application to major-party politics seems to ratchet up each cycle. And that is: treating the disparate individuals within any given bloc as sharing a collective set of characteristics, intentions, and pathologies. It's what Hillary Clinton meant with ""basket of deplorables,"" it's what Donald Trump has done with ""Mexican heritage"" and its variants, and it's all too often the nightstick that our friends and loved ones grab for when talking about politics in a presidential year.

What makes the Democratic version of collective antipathy particularly noxious is the fact that it often comes disguised as a treacly appeal to unity. Trump ""wants to divide us,"" Clinton lamented at the Democratic National Convention. ""We have to heal the divides in our country.…And that starts with listening, listening to each other. Trying, as best we can, to walk in each other's shoes.""

Unless, of course, you have or work with large amounts of money. ""Wall Street, corporations, and the super-rich are going to start paying their fair share of taxes,"" Clinton thundered later in the same speech. ""If companies take tax breaks and then ship jobs overseas, we'll make them pay us back.""

Clinton's vanquished Democratic opponent, the democratic socialist Bernie Sanders, is even more tin-eared about his own hypocrisy. ""This election is about which candidate understands the real problems facing this country and has offered real solutions,"" Sanders said in his convention speech. ""Not just bombast, not just fearmongering, not just name calling and divisiveness."" But a few minutes later, Sanders engaged in some bombastic fearmongering of his own, bemoaning that ""the wealthiest people in America, like the billionaire Koch brothers…spend hundreds of millions of dollars buying elections and in the process undermine American democracy."" (David Koch is a trustee of Reason Foundation, which publishes this magazine.)

Clinton's most controversial instance of Othering during this season came at a September fundraiser in New York, where she said, ""to just be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. Right? The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic—you name it.…Now some of those folks, they are irredeemable, but thankfully they are not America."" While the irredeemable and un-American twists were new (as was the memorable metaphor), Clinton's behind-closed-doors sentiment only mirrored what the Democratic nominee has said routinely throughout this dreary campaign.

At an October 2015 Democratic presidential primary debate, Clinton was asked by moderator Anderson Cooper, ""Which enemy are you most proud of?"" Her reply, after some throat-clearing: ""Probably the Republicans."" Some people laughed, but it wasn't really a joke. When Vox Editor in Chief Ezra Klein asked Clinton nine months later whether she regretted the remark, she said, ""Not very much,"" adding: ""You know, they say terrible things about me, much worse than anything I've ever said about them. That just seems to be part of the political back and forth now—to appeal to your base, to appeal to the ideologues who support you. We have become so divided."" Do tell.

The best that you can say about Hillary Clinton's collectivism—and the Democratic habit of mind that accepts and repeats such formulations unblinkingly—is that at least the deplorables chose their own status, whether through true bigotry or mere party membership. Donald Trump's Others, by contrast, are often born that way.

In June, Trump told The Wall Street Journal that District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who was presiding over a case involving the failed Trump University, should have been disqualified by his ""Mexican heritage."" ""I'm building a wall,"" the eventual GOP nominee explained. ""It's an inherent conflict of interest.""

In a follow-up interview, Face the Nation's John Dickerson asked Trump to clarify what exactly the Mexican parents of an Indiana-born judge had to do with Curiel's adverse rulings in the case. ""Excuse me, I want to build a wall,"" Trump shot back. ""I mean, I don't think it's very confusing.…Has nothing to do with anything except common sense. You know, we have to stop being so politically correct in this country.""

Gross generalizations and shorthand stereotypes often make sense—until they don't. On the playgrounds and in the popular culture of my youth, Mexicans were lazy, Poles were stupid, and ""queers"" were people who you'd ""smear"" on a football field because they were so weak. Now, Mexicans are uniquely industrious, Poles win Nobel prizes, and the buffest guy at the gym is probably gay. The same thing Donald Trump now says about the Chinese, the entire political and journalistic class was saying about the Japanese in the 1980s. Yes, facts on the ground change, but stereotypes often recede when the dominant culture recognizes them as reductionist, shameful, even ridiculous.

Reverting to that kind of collectivism, assigning negative value indiscriminately across an entire population, feels retrograde in a country so steeped in individualistic ethos. Once we start dismissing 20 percent of the population (or 47 percent, as with Mitt Romney), particularly in a discussion involving politics, we are playing with fire. Determinism, when wedded to state power, has produced some of the worst moments in American history.

Ayn Rand's writing on this is hard to top. ""Like every form of determinism,"" Rand wrote in The Virtue of Selfishness, ""racism invalidates the specific attribute which distinguishes man from all other living species: his rational faculty. Racism negates two aspects of man's life: reason and choice, or mind and morality, replacing them with chemical predestination.""

The problem isn't just racism's malign effects on the recipient. It also has rotting effects on the intellect of the originator: ""Like every other form of collectivism, racism is a quest for the unearned,"" Rand wrote. ""It is a quest for automatic knowledge—for an automatic evaluation of men's characters that bypasses the responsibility of exercising rational or moral judgment.""

American political discourse in 2016 too is about bypassing the responsibility of judgment and trying to bludgeon people into line through insult comedy. Here's hoping that more and more of our fellow citizens will refuse to take the politicians' bait. And that Hillary Clinton starts reading some Ayn Rand.",1
1651,Ben Carson slams reporters over questions about his past,"Washington (CNN) Ben Carson spent much of Friday aggressively rebutting media reports about his past -- a striking departure from the mellow personality he has displayed on the campaign trail.

""There is a desperation on behalf of some to try to find ways to tarnish me because they've been looking through everything, they have been talking to everybody I've ever known, everybody I've ever seen,"" Carson told reporters at a media availability in Florida.

""'There's got to be a scandal. There's got to be some nurse he's had an affair with. There's got to be something.' They have gotten desperate,"" Carson continued. ""Next week, it will be my kindergarten teacher who said I peed in my pants. It's ridiculous. But it's OK because I totally expect it.""

Carson's personal narrative -- a centerpiece of his campaign and star power -- has long revolved around his accounts of his violent past and descriptions of the healing powers of his faith.

In a story published on Thursday, CNN reported that childhood friends of Carson were surprised about violent incidents he has described in a book, public speeches and interviews and had no recollection of such events. Scott Glover and Maeve Reston spoke with nine friends, classmates and neighbors who grew up with Carson, and none had any memory of the anger or violence the candidate has described.

Friday morning on CNN's ""New Day,"" he said the network's reporting of his past was a ""bunch of lies.""

""This is a bunch of lies, that is what it is,"" Carson told Alisyn Camerota when she asked about the report by Glover and Reston in which they spoke to people Carson grew up with. ""This is a bunch of lies attempting to say I'm lying about my history. I think it's pathetic, and basically what the media does is they try to get you distracted.""

Camerota pushed back on Carson's argument that the reporters did not talk to people who knew him earlier than high school, but Carson rejected that and launched into an aggressive attack on the media. He accused the media of not scrutinizing President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton to the same degree.

""The vetting that you all did with President Obama doesn't even come close, doesn't even come close to what you guys are trying to do in my case, and you're just going to keep going back, 'He said this 12 years ago' -- it is just garbage,"" Carson said. ""Give me a break.""

Reston and Glover repeatedly approached the Carson campaign during their reporting and again before publication of the story. But the campaign staff declined to comment or to assist them in locating classmates or victims of violence who could provide insights about Carson's past.

On ""New Day,"" Carson did not explain which aspects of the story he feels are incorrect.

CNN's story pointed out that none of the people interviewed challenged the veracity of his accounts, but said they were surprised at them and did not reflect the youth that they knew.

Friday night, Carson told reporters that the piece was a ""bold-faced lie.""

In his autobiography, Carson did not explicitly say he applied to the school.

""Afterward, Sgt. Hunt introduced me to General (William) Westmoreland, and I had dinner with him and the Congressional Medal winners. Later I was offered a full scholarship to West Point. I didn't refuse the scholarship outright, but I let them know that a military career wasn't where I saw myself going,"" Carson wrote.

Carson himself acknowledged in an interview with The New York Times that the scholarship offer was ""informal.""

""It was, you know, an informal 'with a record like yours we could easily get you a scholarship to West Point,'"" he said.

Armstrong Williams, Carson's business manager, said earlier in the day that the candidate has ""always been clear that he never applied. He gracefully let them know that medicine was his calling.""

""It's clear that what the Politico writer, with what he was trying to gain with the headline, did not substantiate it with his article,"" Williams told CNN's Wolf Blitzer.

Politico also reported that West Point would have a record of whether he applied in 1969. But West Point spokeswoman Theresa Brinkerhoff told CNN there would be no records about Carson's interaction with the school unless he actually enrolled. Files on potential cadets from that time would have only been kept three years unless the person became a student, she said.

""No matter what at this point, because the records were so many years ago, we wouldn't have anything on him,"" she said.

While an official letter of admission would have come from the adjutant general of the Army, who was not Westmoreland, she said it was common for top military officials to recruit the best and brightest high school students. And she said she could imagine that the school's lack of tuition -- as a federally funded institution -- could have been communicated or interpreted as a scholarship.

""I wouldn't find that odd, that a general would pursue a discussion to kind of talk to him and say, 'Do you know what West Point would offer you?' And if you're using general terminology to a 17-year-old, I could see how you would call them scholarships. We don't use that terminology, (but) I could see how that could occur,"" Brinkerhoff said.

Speaking at a gala for the Black Republican Caucus of South Florida in Palm Beach Gardens Friday night, Carson was reflective on the ""dirty world"" of politics.

""A lot of times people say, 'Why would someone who has had a wonderful career get involved in the dirty world of politics?' I frequently ask myself that when I wake up in the morning. It is a dirty world,"" Carson said.

He did not mention the scrutiny on him during the remainder of the speech, but briefly alluded to how he is more forcefully pushing back now.

""A lot of people think that I'm soft because I'm quiet. I think they're starting to find out that I'm not soft. And that I can be loud, particularly when the injustice is being done,"" he said.",1
774,"Martha MacCallum: It's Donald Trump's moment. And this is how we got here, America","And then there was one.

There is an expression on Wall Street for a stock that just keeps moving up and up, while everybody is scratching their heads trying to figure out what’s going on.

They put their hands up and say “Don’t fight the tape.”

It comes from back in the day when there actually was ticker tape, and when Wall Street wasn’t everyone’s favorite punching bag.

But it helps explain what is going on right now in the mind bending age of Donald Trump.

You can’t fight the tape and you can’t fight a phenomenon.  Donald Trump is a phenomenon.  Barack Obama was a phenomenon.  A phenomenon is a “happening” or an “experience.”   It doesn’t happen much folks, but it’s happening now.  So get ready for the ride of a lifetime.

The point is all the wise old men and naysayers and chart readers in the world can’t stop a political phenomenon when it’s pulling out of the Trump Train station.

Nobody was going to beat Barack Obama in 2008.  That’s a fact.  It was his moment.   It wasn’t that John McCain ran a bad campaign, or picked the wrong VP. It was just that it didn’t matter, it was over when it started.   It has to do with understanding your moment, reading the populace, knowing that they want exactly the opposite of what they’ve had in the White House.  They want a charismatic candidate to match what they are feeling and promise to give them exactly the big fat cheeseburger they’ve been wanting ever since they went on that awful diet.

Michelle Obama told her husband it was Iowa or bust for them. She knew that if they couldn’t win Iowa, they couldn’t win America, but if they could – there would be no stopping them.  She told her husband it was now or never and that she would only do this thing once. Even though he was a new senator, she correctly assessed this was their “Moment” and they would not get a redo. She was absolutely right on.

The country was war weary and the handsome young Senator promised “Hope and Change.”  Political pendulums swing hard and feed on stark contrast. He was not a Bush and not a Clinton.  Not at all. In fact, he was Barack Hussein Obama. He was Kennedy-esque, with a young attractive family.  He was Bobby Kennedy’s dream of how the Civil Rights movement crescendos. He was the man who perfectly matched the mood, and he grabbed it. That’s what it’s all about.

Just ask Governor Chris Christie, who missed his moment. Had he run against Barack Obama in 2012,   he would have won.  The tough talking New Jersey Governor was getting a ton of attention in 2011. He’d shockingly won a blue state governor’s race when the odds were stacked against him. He was “telling it like it is” to anybody who crossed him.  He shouted down Teacher’s Unions for depriving kids of the education they deserved.  He told firefighters and policeman that the pensions they’d been promised would never arrive, if they weren’t willing to give back a little to keep the programs solvent.  These YouTube hits were going viral, getting coverage. The portly governor with his tie askew was the opposite of the snappily dressed lean and eloquent president, who’d lost his shine a bit, four years in.

But while GOP leaders begged Christie to run, he demurred.  He said he wasn’t ready.   It wasn’t his time. But as it turns out, it was. And he never got it back.

So now we have had 8 years of ObamaCare and Obamanomics.  Eight years of promising to end the “Era of War”.

Still we are mired in rising costs, stunted economic growth and an epic battle with an enemy that is a “He Who Shall Not be Named.” Except that everybody knows his name is Radical Islamist Terrorist.

In fairness, the president’s approval numbers have risen of late to 51 percent, many are satisfied. However, it may have something to do with the tenor of the sloppy primaries that have given him almost “former president” nostalgia points already. Still there is an undeniable restlessness in the country.  We see it in the crowds who turn out in droves for Bernie and Donald.

As long as it took for Republicans to see, Donald Trump is the perfect storm of message “Make America Great Again” (genius simplicity) and Man. This brash businessman, Anti-Obama sold his brand brilliantly with his huge success on “The Apprentice.” Now Reality TV meets politics.  I bet Mark Burnett wishes he’d thought of it.  He was from the beginning the guy we all already knew. Love him or hate him, he leapt over the ‘name recognition’ hurdle like it was a parking curb. And it didn’t even cost him a dime.

But surely he would not abide the rigor and tedium of the Campaign Trail.  What would he do fly his jet all around the country?  Yes.  Stay at Holiday Inns in places that don’t have Trump Hotels, um yes.

Surely this rich guy, wouldn’t have a way with voters.  He’d rather be in his Tower,  as his beautiful wife sips champagne (he doesn’t drink),  not out there in flyover state diners and arenas pressing the flesh. Wrong.  He would say scandalous things!  Yes. Just think of all the tape and tabloid that already existed on this guy? There would be no way he’d get away with it.  Wrong again.

Besides, the republicans had the deepest bench they’d had in a long time.  Superstars.  Scott Walker, Jeb Bush, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, Carly Fiorina the list went on. And on, actually. It even spilled across two debate stages, there were so many bright and talented options.   All they had to do was nominate the most conservative, electable one, as Bill Buckley had instructed. (See Mitt Romney, John McCain, Bob Dole).  And they must remember as Ronald Reagan warned, no shooting inside the tent guys.  Well, without apologies to Buckley or Reagan,  the guy who beat them all was not your textbook conservative to be sure and he shot up the tent until it fell down on top of them, as he slipped out the back flap and dusted off his suit.

Here’s the thing. His message was right on for his audience.  He talked to them about what he felt was wrong with the country and how he wanted to fix it. Too many illegals stealing your jobs and committing crimes?  Build a wall. Your company went under?  We will get you a better job!  Sick of everything being so damned PC? Me too! He said.  Don’t worry, we are going to win again.  You’ll be so tired of winning.  That sounds awesome, they cried!  And then --  to top it all off -- he made them laugh.  He made them howl actually, at the off-color jokes and “craps” and “hells” he sprinkled in with his happy warrior rants.

The pundits scoffed.   It’ll be over by summer… make that fall… The Super Bowl? The Conventions?  Forget it guys.

Trump’s son Don Jr. nailed it. He said my Dad is a “blue-collar billionaire” “a common sense conservative,” none of this highfalutin panel jibber jabber.  Gimme Trump, the GOP voters said.

The guy gets me.

Donald has wanted this shot at the White House since the early ‘90’s when he took out full page ads and wrote letters railing against Japan and how they were eating our lunch and it needed to stop.  Now his handsome, well-educated and well-liked kids are taking the weight off him at the office, and he knows, this is his time. It’s now or never. And one other thing.  Don’t look for Mr. Trump to get all presidential on you any time soon.  Why would he?  As any good businessman knows, if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. And like he says, it’s too soon for that.

But can he seal the deal?

Buckle your seat belts, America.  It’s going to be a bumpy ride.

Martha MacCallum currently serves as the co-anchor of ""America's Newsroom"" alongside Bill Hemmer (Weekdays 9-11AM/ET). She joined FOX News Channel (FNC) in January 2004. Click here for more information on Martha MacCallum.",1
542,Fact Check: Did Hillary Clinton Introduce A New Approach To Early Education?,"Fact Check: Did Hillary Clinton Introduce A New Approach To Early Education?

This week Hillary Clinton was in Virginia to talk about women, family and workplace issues. She met at the Mug'n Muffin coffee shop with local participants in a program called Home Instruction for Parents of Preschool Youngsters.

In HIPPY, as it's called, parents receive free books, educational materials and weekly home visits to coach them on how to get their young children ready for school — for example, by reading to them daily.

A Clinton campaign video features Bill Clinton, in a speech, crediting his wife with bringing the program to the U.S. from Israel when she was first lady of Arkansas in 1985.

""She comes in one day, jumping up and down happy,"" the former president says in the video. ""She says, 'I found it. A preschool program in Israel that teaches people to be their children's first teachers even if they're illiterate. I think it could work here.' ... Next thing you know it's in 26 states. It's still thriving and there are thousands of people in this country today who have better lives and learn more and grew up just because of her.""

Hillary Clinton did bring the program to Arkansas, but she wasn't responsible for importing it to the United States.

And it is national, in 21 — not 26 — states and D.C., but it's not very big — only 15,000 participants each year.

""Clinton discovered the program many years ago when it came to the U.S.,"" says Margie Margolies, the chairwoman of HIPPY USA's board (no relation to Marjorie Margolies, Chelsea Clinton's mother-in-law). ""She was instrumental in growing the program in Arkansas when Bill was governor. She had been working for a way to boost the educational start of children in Arkansas, so she reached out to the Israeli founder to find out how to scale it up. Arkansas is still one of our largest programs.""

Could HIPPY scale up nationwide? Should it?

Decades of independent research, including randomized controlled trials, shows that children ages 3, 4 and 5 who participate in HIPPY are more prepared for school. Studies in four states found that higher reading, math and social studies scores persisted into third, fifth and sixth grades.

Teachers report that parents who participate in HIPPY become more involved in their children's educations for years to come. HIPPY seems to blunt the impact on school performance of factors like being an English-language learner. Children who go through the program also seem to have better attendance, behavior, peer interactions and academic self-esteem.

Although Margolies says that she wouldn't want to ""pit"" HIPPY against universal pre-K programs, the fact remains that the home-visit program seems to produce similar effects on kids at a lower cost per participant. And there are ancillary benefits, like connecting families to housing, health care and job assistance.

Of course, it's hard to control for the enthusiasm factor. Low-income, working parents who are willing to sign up for 30 straight weeks of home visits, and then actually stick with the program (with no payments or other incentives beyond a few free books), must be exceptionally committed to their children's welfare.

But, if nothing else, the success of HIPPY demonstrates that it is possible to close the notorious ""word gap"" and change parents' behavior.

""It really makes a huge difference in people's lives,"" says Margolies, who has been with the program in Milwaukee for nearly two decades. ""I'm lucky enough to have seen in many years how much more confidence the parents have.""

Many of the home-visit coaches, she says, began as parents in the program. ""We have a woman right now, it's her first job ever. She was a parent and she's being trained as a home visitor. ... It's a great start for parents too, not just for kids.""",1
3075,American democracy is doomed,"America's constitutional democracy is going to collapse.

Some day — not tomorrow, not next year, but probably sometime before runaway climate change forces us to seek a new life in outer-space colonies — there is going to be a collapse of the legal and political order and its replacement by something else. If we're lucky, it won't be violent. If we're very lucky, it will lead us to tackle the underlying problems and result in a better, more robust, political system. If we're less lucky, well, then, something worse will happen.

Very few people agree with me about this, of course. When I say it, people generally think that I'm kidding. America is the richest, most successful country on earth. The basic structure of its government has survived contested elections and Great Depressions and civil rights movements and world wars and terrorist attacks and global pandemics. People figure that whatever political problems it might have will prove transient — just as happened before.

But voiced in another register, my outlandish thesis is actually the conventional wisdom in the United States. Back when George W. Bush was president and I was working at a liberal magazine, there was a very serious discussion in an editorial meeting about the fact that the United States was now exhibiting 11 of the 13 telltale signs of a fascist dictatorship. The idea that Bush was shredding the Constitution and trampling on congressional prerogatives was commonplace. When Obama took office, the partisan valence of the complaints shifted, but their basic tenor didn't. Conservative pundits — not the craziest, zaniest ones on talk radio, but the most serious and well-regarded — compare Obama's immigration moves to the actions of a Latin-American military dictator.

In the center, of course, it's an article of faith that when right and left talk like this they're simply both wrong. These are nothing but the overheated squeals of partisans and ideologues.

At the same time, when the center isn't complaining about the excessively vociferous complaints of the out-party of the day, it tends to be in full-blown panic about the state of American politics. And yet despite the popularity of alarmist rhetoric, few people act like they're actually alarmed. Accusations that Barack Obama or John Boehner or any other individual politician is failing as a leader are flung, and then abandoned when the next issue arises. In practice, the feeling seems to be that salvation is just one election away. Hillary Clinton even told Kara Swisherthat her agenda as a presidential candidate would be to end partisan gridlock.

It's not going to work.

The breakdown of American constitutional democracy is a contrarian view. But it's nothing more than the view that rather than everyone being wrong about the state of American politics, maybe everyone is right. Maybe Bush and Obama are dangerously exceeding norms of executive authority. Maybe legislative compromise really has broken down in an alarming way. And maybe the reason these complaints persist across different administrations and congresses led by members of different parties is that American politics is breaking down.

To understand the looming crisis in American politics, it's useful to think about Germany, Japan, Italy, and Austria. These are countries that were defeated by American military forces during the Second World War and given constitutions written by local leaders operating in close collaboration with occupation authorities. It's striking that even though the US Constitution is treated as a sacred text in America's political culture, we did not push any of these countries to adopt our basic framework of government.

In a 1990 essay, the late Yale political scientist Juan Linz observed that ""aside from the United States, only Chile has managed a century and a half of relatively undisturbed constitutional continuity under presidential government — but Chilean democracy broke down in the 1970s.""

The exact reasons for why are disputed among scholars — in part because you can't just randomly assign different governments to people. One issue here is that American-style systems are much more common in the Western Hemisphere and parliamentary ones are more common elsewhere. Latin-American countries have experienced many episodes of democratic breakdown, so distinguishing Latin-American cultural attributes from institutional characteristics is difficult.

Still, Linz offered several reasons why presidential systems are so prone to crisis. One particularly important one is the nature of the checks and balances system. Since both the president and the Congress are directly elected by the people, they can both claim to speak for the people. When they have a serious disagreement, according to Linz, ""there is no democratic principle on the basis of which it can be resolved."" The constitution offers no help in these cases, he wrote: ""the mechanisms the constitution might provide are likely to prove too complicated and aridly legalistic to be of much force in the eyes of the electorate.""

In a parliamentary system, deadlocks get resolved. A prime minister who lacks the backing of a parliamentary majority is replaced by a new one who has it. If no such majority can be found, a new election is held and the new parliament picks a leader. It can get a little messy for a period of weeks, but there's simply no possibility of a years-long spell in which the legislative and executive branches glare at each other unproductively.

But within a presidential system, gridlock leads to a constitutional trainwreck with no resolution. The United States's recent government shutdowns and executive action on immigration are small examples of the kind of dynamic that's led to coups and putsches abroad.

There was, of course, the American exception to the problems of the checks-and-balances system. Linz observed on this score: ""The uniquely diffuse character of American political parties — which, ironically, exasperates many American political scientists and leads them to call for responsible, ideologically disciplined parties — has something to do with it.""

For much of American history, in other words, US political parties have been relatively un-ideological and un-disciplined. They are named after vague ideas rather than specific ideologies, and neither presidents nor legislative leaders can compel back-bench members to vote with them. This has often been bemoaned (famously, a 1950 report by the American Political Science Association called for a more rigorous party system) as the source of problems. It's also, according to Linz, helped avert the kind of zero-sum conflicts that have torn other structurally similar democracies apart. But that diffuse party structure is also a thing of the past.

American politics is much more polarized today than it was 25 or 50 years ago. But not everyone buys the theory that today's era of party polarization spells big trouble. Political scientist Jonathan Bernstein argues that it's ""not some sort of freakish un-American phenomenon."" The real exception, Bernstein says, the middle of the twentieth century, when the parties weren't polarized. Polarization is the norm, he says, and he's right.

A long line of research starting with Keith Poole and Howard Rosenthal, political scientists at the University of Georgia and New York University respectively, records all congressional votes and then analyzes the types of political coalitions that emerge. This system, known as DW-NOMINATE, lets you measure the degree of party polarization precisely. When Democrats all vote one way and Republicans all vote the other way, politics is highly polarized. When votes frequently scramble the parties, it is less polarized.

What this research shows is that the steady march toward polarization over the past generation is a return to a situation that existed during an earlier period.

The story here, like so much in American politics, is race. Southern Democrats had a range of views on non-racial issues but monolithically supported white supremacy and held together in the Democratic Party to maximize their leverage in Congress. The result was that the Democratic Party included Northern liberals who supported civil rights and Southern conservatives who supported segregation. So polarization temporarily went away in Congress. But as segregation receded as an issue in American politics, the parties slowly but surely sorted themselves by ideology, and so today, there is no Republican in Congress more liberal than the most conservative Democrat, or vice-versa. American politics has re-polarized. According to Bernstein, this change may be discomfiting but it's nothing to worry about. American politics has been polarized before and it was fine.

What this story of reversion misses is the crucial role of ideology. Polarization and ideology are clearly related concepts, but simply counting congressional votes doesn't really tell us what those votes were about. Georgetown University Professor Hans Noel greatly improved our understanding of the relationship between the two by extending the DW-NOMINATE methodology to people who aren't elected officials.

For his book Political Parties and Political Ideologies in America, Noel constructs ideological space scores for writers and political pundits — people who address the same issues as elected officials but who are not serving on Capitol Hill.

What he found is that while Gilded Age members of Congress voted in a highly partisan way, their voting didn't reflect any polarization of ideas evident in broader American society. As Charles Calhoun, a leading scholar of Gilded Age politics has written, the main concern of actual members of Congress was not policy, but ""patronage power, the privilege of placing one's political friends and supporters in in subordinate offices."" In other words, a member of Congress would get to distribute federal jobs and contracts to his supporters and in exchange the beneficiaries of his patronage would support his party's ticket at all levels. For this reason, the obscure-sounding job of customs collector of the Port of New York was important enough in the 1870s that Chester A. Arthur leapt from it to the Vice Presidency. The first real filibuster was held over Whig efforts to assign a printing contract to friendly companies.

Even though party discipline was strict in these days, it was not really about much beyond who held the spoils.

Over the course of the 1920s, 1930s, and 1940s the rise of progressive and liberal ideology and the formation of a conservative ideology to counter it upended this system. So much so that by the 1970s it had become common to observe that American political parties were in decline. University of California Irvine political scientist Martin Wattenberg achieved the apogee of this literature with his 1985 classic The Decline of Political Parties in America (since updated in five subsequent editions), citing the waning influence of party professionals, the rise of single-issue pressure groups, and an attendant fall in voter turnout. But as historian Sam Rosenfeld writes, under-the-hood changes in the process for selecting presidential nominees and Congressional leaders ""ultimately helped to create a newly receptive institutional setting for issue-based activism within the parties,"" leading to the parties' reconstitution around modern ideological lines.

Today's partisan polarization, in other words, is not the same as its Gilded Age predecessor. The old polarization was about control over jobs and money — the kind of thing where split-the-difference compromises are easiest. That polarization was eventually undermined by a new politics built around principles. For decades, politicians found themselves cross-pressured between their commitments to a national party network and to various ideological causes. Today, however, politicians are no longer cross-pressured. We have strong Gilded Age-style parties, but organized around questions of principle rather than questions of patronage.

You can take this theory too far, of course. There have been moments in American life where questions of principle sharply split American politics. We had ideological parties (or at least one) in the 1850s when the anti-slavery Republican Party rose to the fore. But the example is not enormously encouraging — the constitutional process collapsed and we had four years of civil war, hundreds of thousands of deaths, and then, even after a Union victory, white supremacy was re-established in the South through a two-decade campaign of terrorism.

Not all breakdowns of constitutional processes are as violent as the American Civil War.

For a less catastrophic, more realistic view of the kind of thing that could happen here, it's useful to look to some less-familiar but more-recent events in Honduras. Back in late 2008, left-wing President Manuel Zelaya was locked in persistent conflict with an opposition-controlled congress. With neither side able to prevail within the context of the existing system, Zelaya decided he wanted to add a fourth question to the upcoming November 2009 election. In addition to voting for president, congress, and municipal offices, Zelaya would ask the voters whether they wanted to hold a constituent assembly to re-write the constitution — presumably to allow him to run for re-election.

Unfortunately for Zelaya, Honduras' existing constitution made no provision for re-writing the constitution by plebiscite. Consequently, in March 2009, Zelaya determined that the solution was to hold another plebiscite. On June 28, Hondurans would go to the polls to vote in a non-binding referendum on whether the constitutional question should be added to the November ballot. This, he hoped, would give him the democratic legitimacy needed to go forward with the constitutional revision.

Zelaya's opponents in congress, evidently concerned that the president would win, sued. They won a court case enjoining the president against holding the referendum. Zelaya pressed ahead regardless.

In Honduras, the military typically assists with election logistics, so Zelaya ordered the army to begin distributing ballots. General Romeo Vásquez Velásquez, the chief the Honduran military, refused to comply. On May 24, Zelaya fired the general. Several other commanders quit in solidarity. The Supreme Court ruled that the dismissal was unconstitutional. Throughout June, the constitutional process essentially broke down with protests and counter-protests dominating the capital. On June 28, the military deposed Zelaya in a coup, retroactively justified by a back-dated Supreme Court ruling. Roberto Micheletti, the president of the National Congress, was installed in his stead.

The military quickly handed power over to a new group of civilians. The coup was legitimated by the National Congress and the Supreme Court. And its perpetrators argued with some justification that there was no constitutional alternative. Zelaya was trying to circumvent the rules, so they had no choice but to circumvent them too in response.

The deadlock was ultimately resolved by force rather than legal procedure. Zelaya did not have enough support to amend the constitution through the existing process, and Honduras' constitutional system created no legal mechanism for impeachment of a president. The Supreme Court arbitrarily ruled that Zelaya's effort to circumvent the amendment process via referendum was illegal, while Congress' effort to circumvent the impeachment process was fine. There were quite a few injuries as protesters clashed with security forces, but no massive bloodshed.

Honduras' coup is worth paying attention to not because the exact same scenario is likely to play out in the United States, but because it reveals how genuinely difficult it is to maintain constitutional politics in a presidential system.

Presidents feel themselves to be accountable for steering the nation. And all the evidence indicates that the public and the media do in fact hold presidents broadly accountable for national outcomes. Throughout the United States' 2012 presidential campaign, for example, it was universally assumed that good news for the American economy (or for America more broadly) would redound to Barack Obama's benefit even though control of policymaking was split between the White House and a GOP-dominated Congress.

As Obama put it in a November 2014 press conference, ""people are going to ask for greater accountability and more responsibility from me than from anybody else in this town."" The problem is the president is not only held accountable for things that are in part outside his ability to control (gas prices, Ebola, or shark attacks) but for things that are actually under the control of his political adversaries. ""I'm the guy who's elected by everybody,"" concluded Obama, ""and they want me to push hard to close some of these divisions, break through some of the gridlock, and get stuff done."" If you're going to be held accountable for outcomes, in other words, then you'd better act.

In a parliamentary system, this is simply democratic accountability in action. A head of government who strongly believes the nation needs actions the legislature won't approve can dissolve parliament and hold a new election to decide the issue. In Honduras' presidential system, the very act of trying to schedule a vote to resolve the deadlock was itself unconstitutional.

The United States, of course, is  a long way from a coup. What we are witnessing instead is a rise in what Georgetown University Professor Mark Tushnet labeled ""constitutional hardball"" in a 2004 article.

Constitutional hardball describes legal and political moves ""that are without much question within the bounds of existing constitutional doctrine and practice but that are nonetheless in some tension with existing pre-constitutional understanding."" In other words, moves that do not violate the letter of the law, but do trample on our conventional understanding of how it is supposed to work.

Tushnet's article is vital reading today in part because the different partisan context in which it was written can help shock people out of their entrenched positions. His lead example is from the George W. Bush administration, when liberals were concerned about the president taking power away from Congress. Tushnet describes the ""strained"" argument offered by Republican senators in 2005 that Democratic Party filibusters of Bush's judicial nominees violated the constitution. At the time, of course, Democrats found the view that Republicans might simply ban the use of filibusters for this purpose outrageous. ""The filibuster serves as a check on power,"" said Harry Reid, ""that preserves our limited government."" Joe Biden called the Republicans' attempt to end the fillibuster ""an example of the arrogance of power.""

But ultimately the hardball tactic for ending filibusters was used by Democrats in 2013 to halt Republican obstruction of Obama's nominees. Republicans, Reid said, ""have done everything they can to deny the fact that Obama had been elected and then reelected."" He argued he had no choice but to abandon a principle that just a few years ago he said was crucial to preserving American liberty. Meanwhile, Republicans who had supported the 2005 effort to weaken the filibuster executed a perfect flip-flop in the other direction.

Tushnet's other example from the mid-2000s — Texas' decision to redraw congressional district boundaries to advantage Republicans between censuses — seems almost adorably quaint by the standards of the Obama era.

From its very first months, Obama's presidency has been marked by essentially nothing but constitutional hardball. During the Bush years, Democratic senators sporadically employed a variety of unusual delaying tactics to stymie his agenda. In 2009, Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans retaliated by using tons of them, constantly. Suddenly filibustering went from something a Senate minority could do to something it did on pretty much all motions. George Washington University congressional scholar Sarah Binder observes that ""leaders in the 1970s rarely felt compelled to file for cloture [to break filibusters], averaging fewer than one per month in some years"" while in recent years Reid has filed over once per week.

As Jim Manley, a former aide to the Democratic Senate leadership, explained to The Atlantic, the obstruction not only prevented many of Obama's more controversial measures from becoming law; it also drastically altered the process of even routine governance.

As a political strategy, McConnell's tactics were vindicated by the 2010 midterms, which showed that making the president look partisan, clumsy, and inept was a winning strategy.

Republicans in Congress subsequently moved beyond unusual acts of obstruction to an unprecedented use of the statutory debt ceiling into a vehicle for policymaking. Traditionally a bit of oddball American political theater immortalized in a funny West Wing scene, in 2011 the GOP threatened to provoke an unfathomable financial and constitutional crisis unless the Obama administration agreed to sweeping spending cuts. Again, there was nothing illegal about what Republicans in Congress did here — it was just, in its intent and its scope, unprecedented.

And it's fairly clear that these actions, while consistent with Republican Party electoral success, have not exactly produced a well-respected legislature. Congressional approval ratings are so low — and have been for so long — that it's become a subject of pollster humor. In 2013, Public Policy Polling found that congress was less popular than Genghis Khan, traffic jams, cockroaches, or Nickelback. In a less joking spirit, Gallup finds that the voters have less confidence in Congress than any other American institution, including big business, organized labor, banks, or television news.

As relations with Congress have worsened, the Obama administration has set about expanding executive authority over domestic policy to match Bush-era unilateralism in the national security domain. This came to the fore most publicly with Obama's decision to protect millions of unauthorized migrants from deportation without congressional agreement.

As Vox's Andrew Prokop has argued, the pattern is actually much broader. Obama's handling of K-12 education policy is in some ways an even more paradigmatic example of constitutional hardball. The George W. Bush-era education law No Child Left Behind laid out penalties for state education systems that didn't meet certain, rather unrealistic, targets. The law's authors assumed that when the law came up for reauthorization, the targets would be changed. In case Congress didn't act in time, the Secretary of Education also had the authority to issue waivers of the penalties. Since Congress no longer really functions, there has been no reauthorization of the law. So the Obama administration has issued waivers — but only to states that implement policy changes ordered by the Department of Education.

University of Chicago political scientist William Howell told Prokop this was a ""new frontier"" for executive policymaking. Yale Law School's Bruce Ackerman says Obama used ""a waiver provision for modest experiments and transformed it into a platform for the redesign of the statute."" Obama's actions are clearly legal — but they are just as clearly a decision to creatively exploit the letter of the law to vastly expand the scope of executive power over the law.

Those who like these actions on their merits comfort themselves with the thought that these uses of executive power are pretty clearly allowed by the terms of the existing laws. This is true as far as it goes. But it's also the case that Obama (or some future president) could have his political opponents murdered on the streets of Washington and then issue pardons to the perpetrators. This would be considerably more legal than a Zelaya-style effort to use a plebiscite to circumvent congressional obstruction — just a lot more morally outrageous. In either case, however, the practical issue would be not so much what is legal, but what people, including the people with guns, would actually tolerate.

America's escalating game of constitutional hardball isn't caused by personal idiosyncratic failings of individual people. Obama has made his share of mistakes, but the fundamental causes of hardball politics are structural, not personal. Personality-minded journalists often argue that a warmer executive would do a better job of building bridges to congress. But as Dartmouth's Brendan Nyhan points out, ""Bill Clinton's more successful outreach to his opponents didn't keep him from getting impeached. Likewise, George W. Bush was more gregarious than Obama, but it didn't make him any more popular among Democrats once the post-9/11 glow had worn off.""

There's a reason for this, and it gets to the core of who really runs American politics.

In a democratic society, elected officials are most directly accountable to the people who support them. And the people who support them are different than the people who don't care enough about politics to pay much attention, or the people who support the other side. They are more ideological, more partisan, and they want to see the policies they support passed into law. A leader who abandons his core supporters because what they want him to do won't be popular with most voters is likely, in modern American politics, to be destroyed in the next primary election.

The amateur ideological activists who eroded the power of the party professionals in the 1970s are now running the show. While Gilded Age activists traded support for patronage jobs, modern-day activists demand policy results in exchange for support. Presidents need to do everything within their legal ability to deliver the results that their supporters expect, and their opponents in Congress need to do everything possible to stop them. At one point, Republican congressional leaders were highly amenable to passing an immigration reform bill and the Obama administration insisted it had no means of circumventing the legislative process. But under pressure from their respective bases, Republicans found it impossible to compromise and Obama decided he had better find a way to go around Congress.

It is true that the mass public is not nearly as ideological as members of Congress. But the mass public is not necessarily active in democratic politics, either. Emory's Alan Abramowitz finds that ""the American public has become more consistent and polarized in its policy preferences over the past several decades."" He also writes that ""this increase in consistency and polarization has been concentrated among the most politically engaged citizens.""

This rise in ideological activism has a number of genuinely positive impacts. It makes politics less corrupt. The least-polarized state legislatures in America are in places like Rhode Island and Louisiana, bastions of corruption rather than good government. It's not a coincidence that the Tea Party surge led to the end of earmarked appropriations. But it heightened executive-legislative conflict and leads to what Linz termed ""the zero-sum character of presidential elections.""

Looking back at Bush's election in 2000, one of the most remarkable things is how little social disorder there was. The American public wanted Al Gore to be president, but a combination of the Electoral College rules, poor ballot design in Palm Beach County, and an adverse Supreme Court ruling, put Bush in office. The general presumption among elites at the time was that Democrats should accept this with good manners, and Bush would respond to the weak mandate with moderate, consensus-oriented governance. This was not in the cards. Not because of Bush's personal qualities (if anything, the Bush family and its circle are standard-bearers for the cause of relative moderation in the GOP), but because the era of the ""partisan presidency"" demands that the president try to implement the party's agenda, regardless of circumstances. That's how we got drastic tax cuts in 2001.

If the Bush years shattered the illusion that there's no difference between the parties, the Obama years underscore how much control of the White House matters in an era of gridlock. The broadly worded Clean Air Act, whose relevant provisions passed in 1970, has allowed Obama to be one of the most consequential environmental regulators of all time — even though he hasn't been able to pass a major new environmental bill. He's deployed executive discretion over immigration enforcement on an unprecedented scale. And he's left a legacy that could be rapidly reversed. A future Republican administration could not only turn back these executive actions, but substantially erode the Affordable Care Act.

The lessons of the 2000 and 2008 elections make it unnerving to imagine a Bush-Gore style recount occurring in 2015's political atmosphere. The stakes of presidential elections are sky-high. And the constitutional system provides no means for a compromise solution. There can be only one president. And once he's in office he has little reason to show restraint in the ambitions of the legislative — or non-legislative — agenda he pursues. In the event of another disputed election, it would be natural for both sides to push for victory with every legal or extra-legal means at their disposal.

Indeed, we ought to consider possibilities more disastrous than a repeat of the 2000 vote. What if a disputed presidential election coincided with a Supreme Court vacancy? What if the simultaneous deaths of the president and vice president brought to power a House Speaker from the opposite party? What if neither party secured a majority of electoral votes and a presidential election wound up being decided by a vote of the lame duck House of Representatives? What if highly partisan state legislatures start using their constitutional authority to rig the presidential contest? A system of undisciplined or non-ideological political parties has many flaws, but it is at least robust to a variety of shocks. Our current party alignment makes for a much more brittle situation, in which one of any number of crises where democratic norms and constitutional procedures diverge could bring us to a state of emergency.

The idea that America's constitutional system might be fundamentally flawed cuts deeply against the grain of our political culture. But the reality is that despite its durability, it has rarely functioned well by the standards of a modern democracy. The party system of the Gilded Age operated through systematic corruption. The less polarized era that followed was built on the systematic disenfranchisement of African-Americans. The newer system of more ideological politics has solved those problems and seems in many ways more attractive. But over the past 25 years, it's set America on a course of paralysis and crisis — government shutdowns, impeachment, debt ceiling crises, and constitutional hardball. Voters, understandably, are increasingly dissatisfied with the results and confidence in American institutions has been generally low and falling. But rather than leading to change, the dissatisfaction has tended to yield wild electoral swings that exacerbate the sense of permanent crisis.

As dysfunctional as American government may seem today, we've actually been lucky. No other presidential system has gone as long as ours without a major breakdown of the constitutional order. But the factors underlying that stability — first non-ideological parties and then non-disciplined ones — are gone. And it's worth considering the possibility that with them, so too has gone the American exception to the rule of presidential breakdown. If we seem to be unsustainably lurching from crisis to crisis, it's because we are unsustainably lurching from crisis to crisis. The breakdown may not be next year or even in the next five years, but over the next 20 or 30 years, will we really be able to resolve every one of these high-stakes showdowns without making any major mistakes? Do you really trust Congress that much?

The best we can hope for is that when the crisis does come, Americans will have the wisdom to do for ourselves what we did in the past for Germany and Japan and put a better system in place.",1
2563,"Obama Hosts ‘Dreamers,’ Vows to Block Any Rollback of Immigration Actions","President Barack Obama held a meeting with six illegal immigrants in the Oval Office Wednesday, vowing to veto any legislation that would roll back his executive actions on immigration.",1
5069,Did Bernie Sanders seal deal for Clinton?,"Raul A. Reyes, an attorney and member of the USA Today board of contributors, writes frequently for CNN Opinion. Follow him on Twitter @RaulAReyes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.

On Monday night, Bernie Sanders finally did what all runners-up for a presidential nomination are tasked with doing. It is not easy and it certainly is humbling (ask Hillary Clinton, circa 2008). But Sanders rose to the occasion at that Democratic National Convention and gave a full-throated, public endorsement of his rival Clinton before a national audience and the crowd in the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia.

The most awaited speaker of the evening took an awfully long time to mention Hillary Clinton, which probably made some Clinton advisors a bit nervous. He thanked Mrs. Obama, Elizabeth Warren, his delegates and supporters and donors, and the people of Vermont, among others, before finally getting down to business. ""Based on her leadership and ideas,"" he said, ""Hillary Clinton must become president of the United States.""

His cannily crafted speech melded the familiar themes of his stump speech with an endorsement of Clinton -- and it seemed, at times, in doing so he was allowing his supporters one last moment of collective grief at the end of his movement. There were numerous shots of Sanders' supporters in tears throughout the hall.

It might have seem unusual to some viewers, the amount of time devoted on Monday to bringing the party together. But remember, Sanders was a phenomenon, and nothing about his run for the nomination was conventional. He deserved every second that he took addressing his supporters.

Consider that for all the negative press directed at Trump's convention, Donald Trump has received a bounce in national polls since last week. So the big questions going into the night was whether Sanders would be able to bring his supporters into the Clinton camp, and whether the DNC could stage a convincing show of party unity. At least on Day 1, it looks like the answer is yes on both counts.

While the Democrats still have some healing to do -- as evidenced by the occasional dueling chants of ""Bernie!"" versus ""Hillary!"", and edgier variations on those themes -- there were significant differences on display between the Republican National Convention last week and the DNC. Unlike the RNC, every person who took the stage mentioned their party's nominee's name -- and often. Unlike the RNC, there was more diversity on the stage tonight than all week in Cleveland. And unlike the RNC, we saw some serious star power, from Eva Longoria to Demi Lovato to Paul Simon. Sorry, Chachi.

Monday night also stood in sharp contrast to the RNC because so many of the speakers on stage -- which included a disabled person, Latinos, immigrants, and a Muslim American -- represented some of the very types of people that Trump has mocked. What's more, instead of simply making a case against Trump, speaker after speaker made the case for Clinton. This is how conventions should be run, and shows smart planning by the DNC.

Perhaps the most courageous moment on Monday night -- one which lit up Twitter -- came, improbably, from comedian Sarah Silverman. As she and Al Franken vamped for time before Paul Simon's performance, she set off a fresh round of boos and chants with her sudden remark : ""to the Bernie or Bust people, you're being ridiculous!"" She was right -- and it was refreshing to hear her stating what so many Democrats have been thinking.

But it was Michelle Obama who was unquestionably the star of the night. She managed to take down Trump without ever mentioning his name, and she made a rock-solid case for Clinton.

""I want a president with a record of public service,"" she said, before noting, as she described the remarkable evolution of the country, that she wakes up every day in a house built by slaves. Michelle Obama made the critical point that the President has an impact on our children, which is something that undecided voters need to hear. She showed restraint and class in not joking about or referencing Melania Trump. Very wise, and gracious to boot.

Up next: Elizabeth Warren, whose job was somewhat akin to following Beyonce. She was as upfront and persuasive as usual, pointing out the dearth of a plan for the country from Trump, and noting his opposition to the minimum wage and to lowering student debt. Yet she suffered from following the First Lady, and on the tail of such an uplifting speech, hers felt a bit flat.

If there was one thing wrong with the program on Monday night, it was that perhaps Michelle Obama should have been scheduled last. Though Sanders' endorsement was necessary and long-awaited, it was Mrs. Obama's speech that was the real home run. Her speech was one for the ages, and should have closed out Day 1.

Still, the overall the messages of inclusion and hope tonight likely left many viewers feeling more optimistic than they did after watching the doomful RNC.

There were indeed legitimate concerns that the Democratic National Convention might not kick off with the harmony that the Clinton campaign envisioned.

However, as it as it turned out, the takeaway from Day One of DNC 2016 seems to be that they are one raucous, if slightly dysfunctional, family.",1
1031,This is only the beginning: Nate Silver explains how Donald Trump has “hacked the system” and created a roadmap for future political con men,"Donald Trump has a gift for managing news cycles. If his bloated head contains a spark of genius, this is where it shines. Trump understood as far back as 2013 what it would take to execute a political con of this scale: work the media, create controversy, become an impossible-to-ignore circus. This is what Trump meant when he said “it’s about the power of the mass audience.”

He’s approached his campaign in the same way a producer would approach a reality TV show. It’s about spectacle, really. “They will never take the lights off of me,” Trump told a group of incredulous Republicans who didn’t believe he could run for president without paid advertising. He was obviously correct: We haven’t taken the lights off of him, and doing so is unthinkable at this point, given his position in the race.

On Wednesday, Nate Silver of FiveThirtyEight.com dove a little deeper into the Trump coverage, trying to understand how this happened. “Trump has been able to disrupt the news pretty much any time he wants,” Silver wrote, “whether by being newsworthy, offensive, salacious or entertaining. The media has almost always played along.”

Of course, the press has played along – it can’t do otherwise. A corporatized media has turned citizens into consumers, and politicians into products. Trump understands this and he acts accordingly – it’s really quite simple. His whole career has been about brand management, which is now all the training a national politician needs.

Trump’s media-centric strategy has been wildly successful. He’s received what amounts to $1.9 billion in TV coverage despite having spent only $10 million on paid advertising. “By contrast,” Silver notes, “Trump’s Republican rivals combined have received slightly less than $1.2 billion worth of television coverage, meaning that Trump has been the subject of the clear majority (62 percent) of candidate-focused TV coverage.”

Silver’s broader conclusion is that Trump has “hacked the system,” which is to say he’s exploited a broken process with a perverse incentive structure. He writes:

“Put another way, Trump has hacked the system and exposed the weaknesses in American political institutions. He’s uncovered profound flaws in the Republican Party. He’s demonstrated that third-rail issues like racism and nationalism can still be a potent political force. He’s exploited the media’s goodwill and taken advantage of the lack of trust the American public has in journalism. Trump may go away – he’s not assured of winning the GOP nomination, and he’ll be an underdog in November if he does – but the problems he’s exposed were years in the making, and they’ll take years to sort out.”

All of this is undoubtedly true. Our political institutions have failed us. The system is so corrupt, so inert, that it’s become more or less unresponsive to the general will. The Republican Party, for its part, has done nothing but stir the pot. By becoming a party of anti-government nihilists, they’ve conditioned voters to despise the state. “Washington” has become a euphemism for everything wrong. But that’s only because Republicans sought to break the government (via brinkmanship and obstructionism) in order to reproach the Democrats for mismanaging it. The result is a large bloc of voters who literally prefer anyone other than a politician – experience and credentials be damned! Thus it’s no surprise Trump has inched his way to the top of the GOP. Everything about our political climate incentivizes his approach. The Balkanized media guarantees people will continue to get the information they want, not the information they need, which further undermines trust in the institution. And the so-called mainstream media will persist in covering the circus, because that’s their business. It’s about shareholders and ratings – and nothing besides. Trump has indeed exposed these problems. What Silver doesn’t say, but certainly implies, is that this is only the beginning. Others will follow Trump. The problems he’s laid bare aren’t going away. So long as the system remains unchanged, a Donald Trump or a Sarah Palin or a Herman Cain will inevitably emerge. Trump is a force of nature, and his blend of amorality and shamelessness is rare, but future hucksters will learn from his campaign. We may see the end of Trump in November, but we haven’t seen the end of the crisis he personifies.",1
4253,Mexico’s top diplomat calls Trump’s policies ‘ignorant and racist’,"In the sharpest official Mexican government comments to date on Republican front-runner Donald Trump, the foreign minister called Trump’s policies and comments “ignorant and racist” and his proposed wall on the U.S.-Mexico border “absurd.”

“When an apple’s red, it is red. When you say ignorant things, you’re ignorant,” said Foreign Affairs Secretary Claudia Ruiz Massieu, Mexico’s top diplomat.

“It is impossible to think of a 2,000-mile border being walled off and trade between our two countries stopped,” Ruiz Massieu said. “It is impractical, inefficient, wrong and, frankly, it is not an intelligent thing to do.”

As for Mexico paying for Trump’s proposed wall, she said: “It is not a proposition we would even consider. It is an impossible proposition.”

Ruiz Massieu spoke Friday evening, capping a week in which two former Mexican presidents told The Washington Post that Trump’s policies and growing popularity are poisoning Mexican views of the United States.

From the start of his campaign, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been promising that he will build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and that Mexico will pay for it. Not if these men have anything to say about it. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)

Former presidents Vicente Fox and his successor, Felipe Calderón, who ran Mexico from 2000 to 2012, have said the fact that Trump is winning Republican primaries and is a front-runner for the White House is damaging the image of the United States abroad.

[Fox and Calderón take aim at Trump and his ‘stupid wall’]

Trump’s comments, and how well they are playing with voters, are especially alarming in this country, which does more than $500 billion worth of trade each year with the United States and buys more U.S. goods than China and Japan combined.

Trump’s call for deporting undocumented immigrants and building a massive wall along the length of the Mexican border is a central pillar of his campaign. Millions of Mexicans see it as insulting and racist and say he has specifically targeted Mexicans by saying Mexico is sending its worst citizens to the United States, including “criminals” and “rapists.”

Mexican officials see Trump’s calls for tariffs on cars made in Mexico and his giant wall as a threat to the thriving trade that millions of jobs in both countries depend on.

Fox used an expletive rarely heard from a politician in public to reject the idea of Mexico paying for Trump’s wall this week. Then Trump demanded Fox apologize for his language. On Friday, La Jornada, a leading left-leaning newspaper, published a cartoon of a furious-looking Trump shouting: “I demand respect. Only I can use bad manners and bad words!”

Trump has become a popular target of scorn in Mexico, where he has been trashed in folk songs and in computer games in which players get to fling shoes, cakes and tomatoes at him.

Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, who was elected to a six-year term in 2012, has largely avoided responding to Trump directly, but he said in a meeting this week with Vice President Biden in Mexico City that building walls “only means isolating oneself and ending up alone.”

Biden was in Mexico for high-level economic talks, which also included the U.S. secretaries of commerce, interior, transportation and energy, and the deputy secretary of homeland security.

Biden’s comments this week were top news when he told Peña Nieto that Trump’s views about Mexico were “the exact opposite” of the position of the “majority of the American people.”

“I feel almost obliged to apologize for some of what my political colleagues have said about Mexico,” Biden said. “The main message I wanted to say to you is that I understand that you can’t poison the well and, at the same time, work out a real estate arrangement to buy the well,” Biden said.

[Trump’s border wall price tag would be a huge portion of the Mexican economy]

In an interview late Friday evening in her office, Ruiz Massieu, said Trump does not represent the views of most Americans.

“It sounds ignorant and racist because it is,” she said. “We are pretty sure that’s not the way most Americans feel. It was a country that was founded on tolerance, on openness, on taking in people from other places and enriching a society by embracing diversity. That’s the way American values are.”

She said that saying the Mexican American community does not contribute to the United States’ well-being and growth is “ignorant” and “ignores the facts.”

She added: “History has also shown that when anti-immigrant rhetoric turns into policy or laws, it is a bad idea. You lose money, you lose people, you lose trust.”

She said the Mexican government would respond to Trump’s rise by urging Mexican Americans in the United States to “participate and become heard in the electoral process, which is not over yet.”

“I’m optimistic that people will stand up for themselves and vote in accordance to their values and their views,” she said.

“For Mexicans and many people around the world, what this has brought to light is that you have to continuously work to remind everyone that it is better to work together,” she said. “It is better to build bridges than to build walls.”",1
2865,Iran Nuclear Talks Go To The Wire With 50-50 Chance of Success,"Negotiators have been hesitant to publicly share details, but there is obvious discord between Iranians and the U.S. on Iran's demand for sanctions relief. Iranians have long insisted that a final agreement, to be reached by June 30, should trigger an instant lifting of the broad sanctions imposed by the U.S., the European Union, and the United Nations. American negotiators have argued that sanctions relief must occur gradually, as Iran demonstrates compliance with terms of the nuclear agreement.

Both sides are facing tremendous pressure back home to avoid compromising. Sanctions have crippled Iran’s economy, which is heavily dependent on oil exports. Perhaps more importantly, Iranians see the international sanctions as an injustice that should be reversed immediately as part of any comprehensive nuclear deal.

Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) is pushing for a veto-proof majority on a bill that would allow Congress to vote on the final deal and strip the president of authority to temporarily waive sanctions. Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) became the most recent Democratic senator to lend his support, tentatively putting the Corker bill about four votes shy of the 67 needed to override a presidential veto.

Sens. Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) and Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) have formidable support for a separate bill, which would impose new sanctions on Iran if negotiators fail to reach an agreement by the June 30 deadline. Sensing hesitance from Democrats, Menendez agreed to delay voting on the bill until after the March 31 deadline.

Obama has promised to veto both bills and has pleaded with lawmakers to hold off on legislation until the negotiations are complete. The president said either the Corker or the Kirk-Menendez bill would likely derail negotiations at this point. Failure to reach a political framework by Tuesday could prompt lawmakers to take action.

Sanctions are far from the only hurdle. Iran currently has 19,000 centrifuges, including 10,000 that are spinning to produce uranium. While leaked details of the talks indicate that the parties have agreed to Iran keeping about 6,000 centrifuges in operation, there is disagreement about how sophisticated the remaining centrifuges can be, and where they can produce uranium.

On Thursday, The Associated Press reported that Tehran may be able to continue running centrifuges at Fordow, a once-secret underground bunker that would likely be invulnerable to a military strike if it were to host illegal nuclear activity in the future.

Menendez responded to the report with outrage. “We have pivoted away from demanding the closure of Fordow when the negotiations began, to considering its conversion into a research facility, to now allowing hundreds of centrifuges to spin at this underground bunker site where centrifuges could be quickly repurposed for illicit nuclear enrichment purposes,” he said in a statement. “My fear is that we are no longer guided by the principle that ‘no deal is better than a bad deal,’ but instead we are negotiating ‘any deal for a deal’s sake.’”

The rumored concession at Fordow would be in return for increased limitations on centrifuges and research and development work at other nuclear sites, according to the AP. Fordow would be subject to international inspections and the centrifuges there would operate on zinc, xenon, or geranium, rather than uranium, which can be enriched to fuel a nuclear weapon.

Regardless of the number of centrifuges ultimately left in operation, Iran’s stockpiles of uranium puts its breakout period -- the time needed to produce enough material for a nuclear weapon -- less than the one year baseline that the U.S. has insisted upon for any final agreement.

At one point, Tehran appeared willing to ship its stockpile of uranium to Russia, where it would be converted to fuel rods. In recent days, Iranian negotiator Abbas Araqchi balked at the idea of sending uranium abroad, as first reported in The New York Times. An alternative to exporting uranium may be to dilute it into lower-grade material that could not be used for weapons.

 

 Further complicating the goal of reaching a political framework is defining what that means. Because political and technical components of Iran’s nuclear program often overlap, there has never been a publicly shared list of benchmarks for Tuesday's deadline. In fact, it's unclear whether the political framework should produce a signed document, or simply an understanding between the negotiating parties.

“The March 31 deadline for reaching a framework agreement is a soft target,” Davenport explained in an email to The Huffington Post. “Given that the expectation for the end of March is a broad framework outlining the major parameters of a deal, a signed document is extremely unlikely because there will still be technical annexes that both sides will want to see worked out.

“While failure to reach a framework agreement by the end of March will certainly result in a backlash from those that want to derail negotiations and kill the prospects for a deal, the real focus must remain on completing an entire agreement by June 30,” Davenport added. 

",1
4766,Eric Trump ‘Charity’ Spent $880K at Family-Owned Golf Resorts,"The younger Trump swears his foundation gives all of its money away to good causes. Which is true, if you don’t count the cash spent on Trump-owned resorts. Or the plastic surgeon.

Those are some of the beneficiaries of the Eric Trump Foundation, an eponymous public charity headed by the Republican presidential nominee’s third-born. Though Eric Trump—the executive vice president of development and acquisitions for the Trump Organization, and one of his father’s top surrogates and closest political advisers—recently claimed his father had donated “hundreds of thousands” to his charity, the only available evidence seems to suggest payments, in fact, went the other way: the Eric Trump Foundation (ETF) paying hundreds of thousands over the last 10 years to host lavish fundraising events at Donald Trump’s golf courses.

In promotional videos and press releases, ETF touts a 95 to 100 percent donation ratio and implies that by benefit of being a Trump, namesake properties are handed over for charity events at little or no cost. But according to a Daily Beast analysis of annual IRS reports and New York state financial disclosures from the charity’s inception in 2007 to 2014, the most recent year for which data is available, ETF spent $881,779 on its annual Golf Invitational at Trump-owned clubs, a portion of which—$100,000 in 2013 and $88,000 in 2014—was reported as paid directly “to a company of a family member of the Board of Directors.” In other words, Donald Trump himself.

Donald Trump, and his private foundation, are already in hot water as reports swirl of suspected self-dealing, or using his foundation funds for private gain. Indeed, the man who considers a presidential run as an opportunity to turn a profit made headlines and invited criticism this week, after The Washington Post revealed that the self-professed billionaire had reportedly used monies from the Donald J. Trump Foundation to pay off $258,000 in legal disputes. Previous reports found Donald Trump had also used the fund—which he hasn’t personally donated to since 2008—to purchase portraits of himself, and gift $25,000 to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi in a possible quid pro quo to head off an investigation into his shady Trump University, both of which may have violated federal and state tax laws. New York’s attorney general is currently investigating the reports.

Of course, viewed through the prism of his father’s questionable philanthropic practices, Eric Trump’s foundation seems downright angelic. Eric Trump’s foundation operates with almost no overhead: Eric neither pays himself nor his board members and relies on Trump Organization employees who volunteer for whatever the foundation may need. Most importantly, Eric Trump’s charity has, over the last 10 years according to its tax reports, raised $6.5 million for St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital, a beloved Tennessee-based nonprofit that treats children with catastrophic diseases free-of-charge. That figure nearly doubles, when you include the year-long fundraisers utilizing Trump hotels—where guests are encouraged to donate and buy special services, a percentage of which goes to St. Jude—and employees, who both contribute their money and volunteer their time by competing in company-wide contests and organizing events like car washes, bake sales, and walk-a-thons, to raise cash that goes straight to the hospital—over $600,000 this past year, according to ETF’s executive director, Paige Scardigli.

“We pride ourselves on having an extremely low expense ratio and that is only made possible by leveraging off the Trump assets,” Scardigli wrote in an email to The Daily Beast. “Trump assets are not profiting from these ETF events, but instead they are donating their time and resources to the cause.”

“We’re so lucky as Trumps to have the best hotels in the world, to have the best golf courses in the world, and other great assets, and we’re so lucky to be able to use those assets at our disposal for a great purpose. And that’s really what ETF is,” Eric says in a 2016 video.

“It sounds like they were just making a number up,” said Elizabeth Keating, a Boston University professor who studies nonprofit finance. “They should have had a proposal that said, ‘These are the costs,’ for which there should be an invoice, detailing what the foundation was paying for. Instead it sounds like the golf course just said, 'Give us $100,000.'”

Scardigli took the reins as ETF’s director in January, replacing a woman who left the organization after eight months. And hers wasn’t the only high-level dropout this year. The foundation’s Board of Directors and Executive Committee have each lost a member since March: Jeffrey Lichtenberg, a freelance real-estate broker and consultant with a history of bid rigging on construction projects, and Nathan Crisp, until recently, a Trump Hotels executive who police accused of twice slamming a Brooklyn mother to the ground on Easter.

When asked why the Trump Organization didn’t donate the use of the courses, Michael Cohen, a longtime attorney to Donald Trump and board member on the Eric Trump foundation, said, “I believe there are certain rules that you do have to pay for certain things—they’re not marked up. It’s inexpensive. I think there’s some law that says you have to.”

Trump National Golf Club Westchester, where ETF’s annual event is held, did not return a request for event pricing, but charities which have held fundraisers at Trump clubs showed similar expenses and revenue in their tax reports (known as 990s), suggesting Eric Trump indeed paid a standard rate—around $100,000—for use of his father’s property. Tic Toc Stop, a charity dedicated to funding Tourette Syndrome research, paid $51,700 for a smaller golf outing in 2014. And according to The Boston Globe, the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute—which has held its annual gala at Trump’s Florida club, Mar-a-Lago, for the last six years—paid around $150,000 for a fundraiser with up to 600 guests. The most recent ETF fundraiser boasted 500 attendees.

Though the Eric Trump Foundation’s website says, “We exclusively support St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital,” that isn’t the case. In 2012, ETF began donating in earnest to other causes, cutting small checks to 40 individual charities in addition to the outsize donation given to the children’s hospital. Some of these small donations—like the $1,600 to the American Society for Enology and Viticulture, a California wine industry organization where Eric Trump once gave a keynote address—have seemingly little to do with the charity’s mission of helping sick children.

The cat’s cradle of connections don’t end there. The GSM fund paid out $43,231 that same year for their golf tournament—an annual event held at Trump’s Hudson Valley course that cost nearly double what the charity gave out in grants that year. They, along with at least six other charities that have received donations from the Eric Trump Foundation since 2012, hold fundraising events at Trump golf clubs.",1
434,Overdue change in overtime pay: Our view,"For most people, a salaried job paying $25,000 a year is far from exceptional. It corresponds to an hourly wage of roughly $14, which isn’t enough to live on in many pricey metro areas.

But, according to existing federal labor rules, a $25,000 job can be classified as managerial or given another designation that exempts it from overtime pay. That's why the Obama administration moved this week to change those rules. As of Dec. 1, the minimum annual salary that can be excluded from overtime will be raised from $23,660 to $47,476, unless opponents manage to block the change in Congress or the courts.

The move is long overdue. The percentage of people eligible for overtime has been in a free fall since its high in 1975. Then, 62% of salaried workers were paid overtime for work over 40 hours. Today the number is 7%. And it was even lower before 2004, when the Bush administration made some needed changes.

Setting a new minimum salary is, to be sure, an inexact science. An annual salary of $23,660 might once have been called middle income, even managerial. Today, that does not pass the laugh test as a threshold for a management or professional job.

The new level of $47,476 is slightly less than it would have been had it been adjusted for inflation each year since 1975. It would increase the percentage of workers who qualify for overtime to 35%. That seems like a reasonable place to start.

It also seems reasonable that the new level should be indexed for inflation as well. But this and future administrations need to recognize that any action can produce unintended consequences, and should be willing to adjust the number if circumstances warrant.

These new rules are the latest effort by the Obama administration to push up worker pay in the face of a decidedly hostile Congress. With Republicans refusing to budge on the federal minimum wage, Obama settled on overtime rules in part because he could alter them without legislation.

In truth, the overtime rules are probably a better way to assist workers than by tweaking the minimum wage, now at $7.25 an hour. The minimum wage affects a small segment of the working population (about 1.5 million people, compared with 4.2 million people who'd qualify for overtime under the new rules). And if the minimum is raised too far too fast, employers could respond by eliminating jobs.

The response to changing overtime rules is likely to be less severe. If employers don’t want to pay overtime, they are more likely to cut people back to 40 hours a week, or to bump their salaries up to the new annual minimum of $47,476, than they are to eliminate jobs.

Critics of the new rules argue that they will turn millions of professionals into clock-punchers while adding rigidity to what have been flexible and collegial work environments. There might be some truth to this. But clearly the current system has not served the interest of workers well.

Most people in the lower- to middle-income brackets would rather have fair pay for their long hours than a fancier job title.

USA TODAY's editorial opinions are decided by its Editorial Board, separate from the news staff. Most editorials are coupled with an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature.

To read more editorials, go to the Opinion front page or sign up for the daily Opinion e-mail newsletter.",1
5194,This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America,"It’s nearing midnight as Steve Bannon pushes past the bluegrass band in his living room and through a crowd of Republican congressmen, political operatives, and a few stray Duck Dynasty cast members. He’s trying to make his way back to the SiriusXM Patriot radio show, broadcasting live from a cramped corner of the 14-room townhouse he occupies a stone’s throw from the Supreme Court. It’s late February, the annual Conservative Political Action Conference is in full swing, and Bannon, as usual, is the whirlwind at the center of the action.

Bannon is the executive chairman of Breitbart News, the crusading right-wing populist website that’s a lineal descendant of the Drudge Report (its late founder, Andrew Breitbart, spent years apprenticing with Matt Drudge) and a haven for people who think Fox News is too polite and restrained. He’d spent the day at CPAC among the conservative faithful, zipping back and forth between his SiriusXM booth and an unlikely pair of guests he was squiring around: Nigel Farage, the leader of Britain’s right-wing UKIP party, and Phil Robertson, the bandanna’d, ayatollah-bearded Duck Dynasty patriarch who was accepting a free-speech award. CPAC is a beauty contest for Republican presidential hopefuls. But Robertson, a novelty adornment invited after A&E suspended him for denouncing gays, delivered a wild rant about “beatniks” and sexually transmitted diseases that upstaged them all, to Bannon’s evident delight. “If there’s an explosion or a fire somewhere,” says Matthew Boyle, Breitbart’s Washington political editor, “Steve’s probably nearby with some matches.” Afterward, everyone piled into party buses and headed for the townhouse.

Bannon, an ex-Goldman Sachs banker, is the sort of character who would stand out anywhere, but especially in the drab environs of Washington. A mile-a-minute talker who thrums with energy, his sentences speed off ahead of him and spin out into great pileups of nouns, verbs, and grins. With his swept-back blond hair and partiality to cargo shorts and flip-flops, he looks like Jeff Spicoli after a few decades of hard living, and he employs “dude” just as readily.

Ordinarily, Bannon’s townhouse is crypt-quiet and feels like a museum, as it’s faithfully decorated down to its embroidered silk curtains and painted murals in authentic Lincoln-era detail. When I first stopped by in January, about the only sign that I hadn’t teleported back to the 1860s was a picture on the mantle of a smiling woman on a throne with a machine gun in her lap (it was Bannon’s daughter Maureen, a West Point grad and lieutenant in the 101st Airborne Division; the throne belonged to Saddam Hussein—or once did). Until Bannon showed up, the only sounds I heard were faint noises from the basement, which might have been the young women he calls the Valkyries, after the war goddesses of Norse mythology who decided soldiers’ fates in battle. More on them later.

On this February night, however, the party is roaring. Along with his CPAC triumph, a secret project he’d conceived was nearing fruition: His lawyers were almost finished vetting a book about Bill and Hillary Clinton’s murky financial dealings that he’s certain will upend the presidential race. “Dude, it’s going to be epic,” he tells me. I sip my “moonshine”—his wink at the Dynasty guests—and wonder, as people often do, whether Bannon is nuts. On my way out, the doorman hands me a gift: a silver hip flask with “Breitbart” printed above an image of a honey badger, the insouciant African predator of YouTube fame whose catchphrase, “Honey badger don’t give a s---,” is the Breitbart motto.

Bannon’s life is a succession of Gatsbyish reinventions that made him rich and landed him squarely in the middle of the 2016 presidential race: He’s been a naval officer, investment banker, minor Hollywood player, and political impresario. When former Disney chief Michael Ovitz’s empire was falling to pieces, Bannon sat Ovitz down in his living room and delivered the news that he was finished. When Sarah Palin was at the height of her fame, Bannon was whispering in her ear. When Donald Trump decided to blow up the Republican presidential field, Bannon encouraged his circus-like visit to the U.S.-Mexico border. John Boehner just quit as House speaker because of the mutinous frenzy Bannon and his confederates whipped up among conservatives. Today, backed by mysterious investors and a stream of Seinfeld royalties, he sits at the nexus of what Hillary Clinton once dubbed “the vast right-wing conspiracy,” where he and his network have done more than anyone else to complicate her presidential ambitions—and they plan to do more. But this “conspiracy,” at least under Bannon, has mutated into something different from what Clinton described: It’s as eager to go after establishment Republicans such as Boehner or Jeb Bush as Democrats like Clinton.

“I come from a blue-collar, Irish Catholic, pro-Kennedy, pro-union family of Democrats,” says Bannon, by way of explaining his politics. “I wasn’t political until I got into the service and saw how badly Jimmy Carter f---ed things up. I became a huge Reagan admirer. Still am. But what turned me against the whole establishment was coming back from running companies in Asia in 2008 and seeing that Bush had f---ed up as badly as Carter. The whole country was a disaster.”

As befits someone with his peripatetic background, Bannon is a kind of Jekyll-and-Hyde figure in the complicated ecosystem of the right—he's two things at once. And he’s devised a method to influence politics that marries the old-style attack journalism of Breitbart.com, which helped drive out Boehner, with a more sophisticated approach, conducted through the nonprofit Government Accountability Institute, that builds rigorous, fact-based indictments against major politicians, then partners with mainstream media outlets conservatives typically despise to disseminate those findings to the broadest audience. The biggest product of this system is the project Bannon was so excited about at CPAC: the bestselling investigative book, written by GAI’s president, Peter Schweizer, Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich. Published in May by HarperCollins, the book dominated the political landscape for weeks and probably did more to shape public perception of Hillary Clinton than any of the barbs from her Republican detractors.

Jeb Bush is about to come in for the same treatment. On Oct. 19, GAI will publish Schweizer’s e-book, Bush Bucks: How Public Service and Corporations Helped Make Jeb Rich, that examines how Bush enriched himself after leaving the Florida governor’s mansion in 2007. A copy obtained by Bloomberg Businessweek examines Bush’s Florida land deals, corporate board sinecures, and seven-figure salary with Lehman Brothers, whose 2008 bankruptcy touched off the financial crisis. “It’s not as cinematic as the Clintons, with their warlords and Russian gangsters and that whole cast of bad guys,” says Bannon. “Bush is more prosaic. It’s really just grimy, low-energy crony capitalism.”

While attacking the favored candidates in both parties at once may seem odd, Bannon says he’s motivated by the same populist disgust with Washington that’s animating candidates from Trump to Bernie Sanders. Like both, Bannon is having a bigger influence than anyone could have reasonably expected. But in the Year of the Outsider, it's perhaps fitting that a figure like Bannon, whom nobody saw coming, would roil the national political debate.

Most days, Bannon can be found in his Hyde persona, in the Washington offices of Breitbart News. Operating from the basement of his townhouse—known to all as the Breitbart Embassy—Breitbart’s pirate crew became tribunes of the rising Tea Party movement after Barack Obama’s election, bedeviling GOP leaders and helping to foment the 2013 government shutdown. The site has also made life hell for Democrats by, for example, orchestrating the career-ending genital tweeting misfortune that cost New York Representative Anthony Weiner his seat in Congress in 2011. Tipped to Weiner’s proclivity for sexting with female admirers, Bannon says, the site paid trackers to follow his Twitter account 24 hours a day and eventually intercepted a crotch shot Weiner inadvertently made public. The ensuing scandal culminated in the surreal scene, carried live on television, of Andrew Breitbart hijacking Weiner’s press conference and fielding questions from astonished reporters.

On occasion, this partisan zeal has led to egregious errors. Just before our lunch in January, a Breitbart reporter published an article assailing Obama’s nominee for attorney general, Loretta Lynch—but went after the wrong woman. She wasn’t, as the site reported, the Loretta Lynch who was once part of Bill Clinton’s defense team. The embarrassed reporter asked for time off. Bannon, allergic to any hint of concession, refused: “I told him, ‘No. In fact, you’re going to write a story every day this week.’ ” He shrugs. “We’re honey badgers,” he explains. “We don’t give a s---.”

But Bannon realizes that politics is sometimes more effective when it’s subtle. So he’s nurtured a Dr. Jekyll side: In 2012 he became founding chairman of GAI, a nonpartisan 501(c)(3) research organization staffed with lawyers, data scientists, and forensic investigators. “What Peter and I noticed is that it’s facts, not rumors, that resonate with the best investigative reporters,” Bannon says, referring to GAI’s president. Established in Tallahassee to study crony capitalism and governmental malfeasance, GAI has collaborated with such mainstream news outlets as Newsweek, ABC News, and CBS’s 60 Minutes on stories ranging from insider trading in Congress to credit card fraud among presidential campaigns. It's essentially a mining operation for political scoops that now churns out books like Clinton Cash and Bush Bucks.

What made Clinton Cash so unexpectedly influential is that mainstream news reporters picked up and often advanced Schweizer’s many examples of the Clintons’ apparent conflicts of interest in accepting money from large donors and foreign governments. (“Practically grotesque,” wrote Harvard Law School professor Lawrence Lessig, who’s running for the Democratic presidential nomination. “On any fair reading, the pattern of behavior that Schweizer has charged is corruption.”) Just before the book’s release, the New York Times ran a front-page story about a Canadian mining magnate, Frank Giustra, who gave tens of millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation and then flew Bill Clinton to Kazakhstan aboard his private jet to dine with the country’s autocratic president, Nursultan Nazarbayev. Giustra subsequently won lucrative uranium-mining rights in the country. (Giustra denies that the Clinton dinner influenced his Kazakh mining decision.) The Times piece cited Schweizer’s still-unpublished book as a source of its reporting, puzzling many Times readers and prompting a reaction from the paper’s ombudswoman, Margaret Sullivan, who grudgingly concluded that, while no ethical standards were breached, “I still don’t like the way it looked.”

For Bannon, the Clinton Cash uproar validated a personal theory, informed by his Goldman Sachs experience, about how conservatives can influence the media and why they failed the last time a Clinton was running for the White House. “In the 1990s,” he told me, “conservative media couldn’t take down [Bill] Clinton because most of what they produced was punditry and opinion, and they always oversold the conclusion: ‘It’s clearly impeachable!’ So they wound up talking to themselves in an echo chamber.” What news conservatives did produce, such as David Brock’s Troopergate investigation on Paula Jones in the American Spectator, was often tainted in the eyes of mainstream editors by its explicit partisan association.

In response, Bannon developed two related insights. “One of the things Goldman teaches you is, don’t be the first guy through the door because you’re going to get all the arrows. If it’s junk bonds, let Michael Milken lead the way,” he says. “Goldman would never lead in any product. Find a business partner.” His other insight was that the reporters staffing the investigative units of major newspapers aren’t the liberal ideologues of conservative fever dreams but kindred souls who could be recruited into his larger enterprise. “What you realize hanging out with investigative reporters is that, while they may be personally liberal, they don’t let that get in the way of a good story,” he says. “And if you bring them a real story built on facts, they’re f---ing badasses, and they’re fair.” Recently, I met with Brock, who renounced conservatism and became an important liberal strategist, fundraiser, and Clinton ally. He founded the liberal watchdog group Media Matters for America and just published a book, Killing The Messenger: The Right-Wing Plot to Derail Hillary and Hijack Your Government. Brock’s attitude toward Bannon isn’t enmity toward an ideological opponent, as I'd expected, but rather a curiosity and professional respect for the tradecraft Bannon demonstrated in advancing the Clinton Cash narrative. What conservatives learned in the ’90s, Brock says, is that “your operation isn’t going to succeed if you don’t cross the barrier into the mainstream.” Back then, he says, conservative reporting had to undergo an elaborate laundering to influence U.S. politics. Reporters such as Brock would publish in small magazines and websites, then try to get their story planted in the British tabloids and hope a right-leaning U.S. outlet such as the New York Post or the Drudge Report picked it up. If it generated enough heat, it might break through to a mainstream paper.

“From their point of view, the Times is the perfect host body for the virus”

“It seems to me,” says Brock of Bannon and his team, “what they were able to do in this deal with the Times is the same strategy, but more sophisticated and potentially more effective and damaging because of the reputation of the Times. If you were trying to create doubt and qualms about [Hillary Clinton] among progressives, the Times is the place to do it.” He pauses. “Looking at it from their point of view, the Times is the perfect host body for the virus.”

It wasn’t the only one. In June, when the Clinton Cash frenzy hit its apex, Bannon said: “We’ve got the 15 best investigative reporters at the 15 best newspapers in the country all chasing after Hillary Clinton.” There’s more coming, Bannon reveals, including a graphic novel of Clinton Cash, in January, and a Clinton Cash movie set to arrive in February, just as the presidential primary voting gets under way.

In the ’90s, right-wing activists enjoyed a long period of ascendancy, and then collapsed. Then, as now, their prime target was a Clinton, their great ally the House Republicans. What halted this uprising was the sheer lunacy of its perpetrators. The classic example is House Oversight Chairman Dan Burton of Indiana, who became convinced that the 1993 suicide of White House Deputy Counsel Vince Foster was actually murder—a theory he sought to prove by reenacting the crime in his backyard with a pistol and a watermelon. Democrats seized on the episode to impugn his credibility, branding him “Watermelon Dan.” “We used the watermelon and the phantom Vince Foster sightings again and again,"" says Chris Lehane, a Clinton White House staffer and field marshal in the partisan wars of the ’90s. ""The phrase didn’t exist then, but that’s when the right-wing conspiracy jumped the shark.”

Bannon believes that episodes like these killed conservatives’ credibility, and with it, their political influence. He’s set out to balance conservatives’ wilder impulses with professionalism, a running theme in his own life. Born into a working-class family within sight of the naval base in Norfolk, Va., he signed up straight out of college, and spent four years at sea aboard a destroyer, first as an auxiliary engineer in the Pacific, then as a navigator in the north Arabian Sea during the Iranian hostage crisis. By the time he arrived in the Persian Gulf in 1979, the U.S. was preparing its ill-fated assault on Tehran, and Bannon’s faith in his commander in chief had dimmed: “You could tell it was going to be a goat f---.” His battle group rotated out just before Carter’s Desert One debacle.

Bannon became a special assistant to the chief of Naval operations at the Pentagon, earning a master’s degree in national security studies at Georgetown University at night. But he was restless. The siren of Reagan-era Wall Street capitalism drained the military life of its luster, so he resolved to make the leap. “Somebody told me,” he says, “if you want to go to Wall Street, you have to go to Harvard Business School.” HBS accepted him, and Bannon, at 29, matriculated in 1983.

Bannon’s Harvard stint coincided with Wall Street’s boom, which fueled fantasies among his classmates of the full-on, debauched 1980s investment-banker lifestyle. Bannon became a grind, made first-year honors, and blanketed the top firms with applications for summer associateships. He was universally rejected. Classmates told him that his age and Navy background were obstacles—he hadn’t come up through the right schools.

One day, a Goldman Sachs representative invited Bannon to a campus recruiting party: Thinking he could talk himself into a job, he donned a suit and headed over. “I get there, and there’s like 700 people jammed into this tent,” he says. “I said, ‘F--- it. There’s no chance.’ So I stood off on the side with a drink and these two other schmendricks standing next to me. And I talk to these guys. We have the greatest conversation about baseball, and I find out after half an hour it was John Weinberg Jr., whose dad runs the firm, and a guy named Rob Kaplan, who became a senior partner.” That night the Goldman executives gathered to discuss prospective hires. One later recounted the scene. “They said, ‘Well, Bannon, I guess we’re gonna reject him. He’s too old for a summer job,’ ” Bannon says. “And these guys say, ‘Oh no, we talked to him. He’s terrific.’ Literally, a complete crapshoot. But I got a job.”

Bannon landed in Goldman’s New York office at the height of the hostile takeover boom. “Everything in the Midwest was being raided by Milken,” he says. “It was like a firestorm.” Goldman didn’t do hostile takeovers, instead specializing in raid defense for companies targeted by the likes of Drexel Burnham and First Boston. The first few years, he worked every day except Christmas and loved it: “The camaraderie was amazing. It was like being in the Navy, in the wardroom of a ship.” Later, he worked on a series of leveraged buyouts, including a deal for Calumet Coach that involved Bain Capital and an up-and-comer named Mitt Romney.

Two big things were going on at Goldman Sachs in the late ’80s. The globalization of world capital markets meant that size suddenly mattered. Everyone realized that the firm, then a private partnership, would have to go public. Bankers also could see that the Glass-Steagall Act separating commercial and investment banking was going to fall, setting off a flurry of acquisitions. Specialists would command a premium. Bannon shipped out to Los Angeles to specialize in media and entertainment. “A lot of people were coming from outside buying media companies,” he says. “There was huge consolidation.”

After a few years, in 1990, Bannon and a couple of Goldman colleagues set off to launch Bannon & Co., a boutique investment bank specializing in media. At the time, investors preferred hard assets—manufacturing companies, real estate—and avoided things like movie studios and film libraries, which were harder to price. Bannon’s group, drawing on data such as VHS cassette sales and TV ratings, devised a model to value intellectual property in the same way as tangible assets. “We got a ton of business,” he says.

When the French bank Crédit Lyonnais, a major financier of independent Hollywood studios, almost went bankrupt, Bannon & Co. rolled up its loan portfolio. When MGM went bust, it worked on the studio’s financing. When Polygram Records got into the film business, Bannon’s firm handled its acquisitions.

And then, serendipitously, Bannon wound up in the entertainment business himself. Westinghouse Electric, a client, was looking to unload Castle Rock Entertainment, which had a big TV and movie presence, including Billy Crystal’s films. Bannon reeled in an eager buyer: Ted Turner. “Turner was going to build this huge studio,” he says, “so we were negotiating the deal at the St. Regis hotel in New York. As often happened with Turner, when it came time to actually close the deal, Ted was short of cash. ... Westinghouse just wanted out. We told them, ‘You ought to take this deal. It’s a great deal.’ And they go, ‘If this is such a great deal, why don’t you defer some of your cash fee and keep an ownership stake in a package of TV rights?’ ” In lieu of a full adviser’s fee, the firm accepted a stake in five shows, including one in its third season regarded as the runt of the litter: Seinfeld. “We calculated what it would get us if it made it to syndication,” says Bannon. “We were wrong by a factor of five.”

After Société Générale bought Bannon & Co. in 1998, Bannon, no longer needing a day job, dove into Hollywood moguldom, becoming an executive producer of movies, including Anthony Hopkins’s 1999 Oscar-nominated Titus. He met a hard-partying talent manager named Jeff Kwatinetz who had discovered the band Korn and managed the Backstreet Boys. As Bannon was selling his company, Kwatinetz was launching one of his own, a management outfit called the Firm whose clients included Ice Cube and Martin Lawrence. Newly flush and sensing adventure, Bannon became a partner and a key player in the Firm’s great coup, its acquisition of former Disney chief Ovitz’s company, Artists Management Group. Ovitz had spent $100 million building a media giant he thought would conquer Hollywood, but AMG was bleeding money. Selling to the Firm was a last-ditch bid to save face. Instead, as Vanity Fair recounted, Bannon was dispatched to Ovitz’s Beverly Hills mansion to deliver the final humiliation in person, an offer for AMG of $5 million, less than the value of Ovitz’s home.

The Hollywood ether soon convinced Bannon that his passion wasn’t financing films, but making them. He was souring on Wall Street and what it had come to represent. “Goldman in the ’80s was like a priesthood, a monastic experience where you worked all the time but were incredibly dedicated to client services, to building and growing companies,” he says. He underwent a conversion like the one Michael Lewis has described, watching with horror as staid private partnerships such as Goldman Sachs became highly leveraged, publicly traded companies operating like casinos. “I turned on Wall Street for the same reason everybody else did: The American taxpayer was forced to cut mook deals to bail out guys who didn’t deserve it.”

Bannon’s political awakening was also spurred by the Sept. 11 attacks, which led him, in 2004, to make a Reagan-venerating documentary, In the Face of Evil (“A brilliant effort … extremely well done,” said Rush Limbaugh). This introduced him to Schweizer, a Cold War scholar whose book, Reagan’s War, was the basis of the film. It also brought him into Andrew Breitbart’s orbit. “We screened the film at a festival in Beverly Hills,” Bannon recalls, “and out of the crowd comes this, like, bear who’s squeezing me like my head’s going to blow up and saying how we’ve gotta take back the culture.”

His films are peppered with footage of lions attacking helpless gazelles, seedlings bursting from the ground into glorious bloom

Breitbart, who also lived in Los Angeles, had a profound influence on Bannon. When they met, Breitbart was starting his website, after having worked with Drudge and having helped Arianna Huffington launch the Huffington Post. Bannon lent his financial acumen and office space. He marveled at Breitbart’s visceral feel for the news cycle and his ability to shape coverage through the Drudge Report, which is avidly followed by TV producers and news editors.

“One of the things I admired about him was that the dirtiest word for him was ‘punditry,’ ” says Bannon. “Our vision—Andrew’s vision—was always to build a global, center-right, populist, anti-establishment news site.” With this in mind, he set out to line up investors.

Bannon continued making documentaries—big, crashing, opinionated films with Wagner scores and arresting imagery: Battle for America (2010), celebrating the Tea Party; Generation Zero (2010), examining the roots of the financial meltdown; The Undefeated (2011), championing Palin. In the Bannon repertoire, no metaphor is too direct. His films are peppered with footage of lions attacking helpless gazelles, seedlings bursting from the ground into glorious bloom. Palin, for one, ate it up and traveled to Iowa, trailed by hundreds of reporters, to appear with him at a 2011 screening in Pella that the press thought might signal her entrance into the 2012 presidential race. (No such luck.) Breitbart came along as promoter and ringmaster. When I spoke with him afterward, he described Bannon, with sincere admiration, as the Leni Riefenstahl of the Tea Party movement.

In 2010, Breitbart News hit a wall. The site published video, furnished by a conservative activist, of a speech to the NAACP by a Department of Agriculture official named Shirley Sherrod, in which she appeared to advocate anti-white racism. Within hours, she was fired, as the story blanketed cable news. It soon became clear that the Breitbart News video was misleadingly edited—that Sherrod’s point was the opposite of what was portrayed Fox News, which aggressively promoted the video, banned Andrew Breitbart as an on-air guest. Bannon, who was raising capital for the site’s relaunch, suddenly encountered “nuclear winter.”

But in a gauge of how media standards have shifted since the ’90s, the ostracization of Breitbart News didn’t last long. Less than a year later, when the site caught Weiner tweeting pictures of his genitals, Andrew Breitbart was welcomed back on Fox News. The experience taught Bannon the power of real news.

On the morning of March 1, 2012, with the relaunch just days away, Andrew Breitbart was walking in his Brentwood neighborhood when he collapsed. He died soon after of heart failure, at 43. Bannon got the news while in New York pitching investors. At the funeral, Drudge asked Bannon what he planned to do. “We’re going ahead with the launch,” he replied. Bannon stepped in as executive chairman.

Breitbart’s genius was that he grasped better than anyone else what the early 20th century press barons understood—that most readers don’t approach the news as a clinical exercise in absorbing facts, but experience it viscerally as an ongoing drama, with distinct story lines, heroes, and villains. Breitbart excelled at creating these narratives, an editorial approach that's lived on. “When we do an editorial call, I don’t even bring anything I feel like is only a one-off story, even if it’d be the best story on the site,” says Alex Marlow, the site’s editor in chief. “Our whole mindset is looking for these rolling narratives.” He rattles off the most popular ones, which Breitbart News covers intensively from a posture of aggrieved persecution. “The big ones won’t surprise you,” he says. “Immigration, ISIS, race riots, and what we call ‘the collapse of traditional values.’ But I’d say Hillary Clinton is tops.”

The website, which Breitbart News Network CEO Solov says draws 21 million unique users a month, has often managed to inject these narratives into the broader discourse. It was Breitbart News, for example, that first drew attention to the child migrant crisis at the U.S.-Mexico border last summer that killed any chance of Congress passing immigration reform. “They have an incredible eye for an important story, particular ones that are important to conservatives and Republicans,” says Senator Jeff Sessions, an Alabama Republican. “They’ve become extraordinarily influential. Radio talk show hosts are reading Breitbart every day. You can feel it when they interview you.”

Lately, the site has championed Trump’s presidential candidacy, helping to coalesce a splinter faction of conservatives irate over Fox News’ treatment of the Republican frontrunner.

Tallahassee is about as far as you can get in the U.S., geographically and psychically, from the circus of the presidential campaign trail. That’s why Bannon chose to locate the Government Accountability Institute there—that, and the fact that Schweizer had moved down from Washington. “There’s nothing to do in Tallahassee, so I get a lot more work done,” Schweizer jokes, on my recent visit. GAI is housed in a sleepy cul de sac of two-story brick buildings that looks like what you’d get if Scarlett O’Hara designed an office park. The unmarked entrance is framed by palmetto trees and sits beneath a large, second-story veranda with sweeping overhead fans, where the (mostly male) staff gathers every afternoon to smoke cigars and brainstorm.

Schweizer began his career as a researcher at the conservative Hoover Institution, digging through Soviet archives. In 2004 he co-authored a well-regarded history of the Bush family, The Bushes: Portrait of a Dynasty, that drew on interviews with many of its members, including Jeb. But Schweizer grew disillusioned with Washington and became radicalized against what he perceived to be a bipartisan culture of corruption. “To me, Washington, D.C., is a little bit like professional wrestling,” he told me. “When I was growing up in Seattle, I’d turn on Channel 13, the public-access station, and watch wrestling. At first I thought, ‘Man, these guys hate each other because they’re beating the crap out of each other.’ But I eventually realized they’re actually business partners.”

Schweizer’s interest turned toward exposing this culture, and his books became more denunciatory. In 2011 he published Throw Them All Out: How Politicians and Their Friends Get Rich Off Insider Stock Tips, Land Deals, and Cronyism That Would Send the Rest of Us to Prison. The book caught the attention of 60 Minutes and led Congress to pass a law, the STOCK Act, aimed at curbing the abuses Schweizer documented. Bannon encouraged these investigations and eventually offered Schweizer a job. “He told me, ‘I know people who will support this kind of work,’” Schweizer says. In 2012, GAI set up shop.

Schweizer, 50, is friendly, sandy-haired, and a little pudgy, the sort of fellow you’d meet at a neighborhood barbecue and instantly take a liking to. (Bannon nurses this regular-Joe appeal by forbidding him from wearing a tie when he’s on TV.) Bannon and Schweizer had two principles when they conceived the Clinton Cash project. First, it would avoid the nuttier conspiracy theories. “We have a mantra,” says Bannon. “Facts get shares, opinions get shrugs.” Second, they would heed the lesson Bannon learned at Goldman: specialize. Hillary Clinton’s story, they believed, was too sprawling and familiar to tackle in its entirety. So they'd focus only on the last decade, the least familiar period, and especially on the millions of dollars flowing into the Clinton Foundation. Bannon calls this approach “periodicity.”

As with many of the Clintons’ troubles, the couple’s own behavior provided copious material for investigators. When Clinton became secretary of state, the foundation signed an agreement with the White House to disclose all of its contributors. It didn’t follow through. So GAI researchers plumbed tax filings, flight logs, and foreign government documents to turn up what the foundation withheld. Their most effective method was mining the so-called Deep Web, the 97 percent or so of information on the Internet that isn’t indexed for search engines such as Google and therefore is difficult to find.

“Welcome to The Matrix,” says Tony, GAI’s data scientist, as he maps out the Deep Web for me on a whiteboard (we agreed I wouldn’t publish his last name). A presentation on the hidden recesses of the Web follows. “The Deep Web,” he explains, “consists of a lot of useless or depreciated information, stuff in foreign languages, and so on. But a whole bunch of it is very useful, if you can find it.” Tony specializes in finding the good stuff, which he does by writing software protocols that spider through the Deep Web. Since this requires heavy computing power, Tony struck a deal to use the services of a large European provider during off-peak hours. “We’ve got $1.3 billion of equipment I’m using at almost full capacity,” he says. This effort yielded a slew of unreported foundation donors who appear to have benefited financially from their relationship with the Clintons, including the uranium mining executives cited by the New York Times (who showed up on an unindexed Canadian government website). These donations illustrate a pattern of commingling private money and government policy that disturbed even many Democrats.

Clinton Cash caused a stir not just because of these revelations, but because of how they arrived. GAI is set up more like a Hollywood movie studio than a think tank. The creative mind through which all its research flows and is disseminated belongs to a beaming young Floridian named Wynton Hall, a celebrity ghostwriter who’s penned 18 books, six of them New York Times best-sellers, including Trump’s Time to Get Tough. Hall’s job is to transform dry think-tank research into vivid, viral-ready political dramas that can be unleashed on a set schedule, like summer blockbusters. “We work very long and hard to build a narrative, storyboarding it out months in advance,” he says. “I’m big on this: We’re not going public until we have something so tantalizing that any editor at a serious publication would be an idiot to pass it up and give a competitor the scoop. ”

To this end, Hall peppers his colleagues with slogans so familiar around the office that they’re known by their abbreviations. “ABBN — always be breaking news,” he says. Another slogan is “depth beats speed.” Time-strapped reporters squeezed for copy will gratefully accept original, fact-based research because most of what they’re inundated with is garbage. “The modern economics of the newsroom don’t support big investigative reporting staffs,” says Bannon. “You wouldn’t get a Watergate, a Pentagon Papers today, because nobody can afford to let a reporter spend seven months on a story. We can. We’re working as a support function.”

The reason GAI does this is because it’s the secret to how conservatives can hack the mainstream media. Hall has distilled this, too, into a slogan: “Anchor left, pivot right.” It means that “weaponizing” a story onto the front page of the New York Times (“the Left”) is infinitely more valuable than publishing it on Breitbart.com. “We don’t look at the mainstream media as enemies because we don’t want our work to be trapped in the conservative ecosystem,” says Hall. “We live and die by the media. Every time we’re launching a book, I’ll build a battle map that literally breaks down by category every headline we’re going to place, every op-ed Peter’s going to publish. Some of it is a wish list. But it usually gets done.”

Once that work has permeated the mainstream—once it’s found “a host body,” in David Brock's phrase—then comes the “pivot.” Heroes and villains emerge and become grist for a juicy Breitbart News narrative. “With Clinton Cash, we never really broke a story,” says Bannon, “but you go [to Breitbart.com] and we’ve got 20 things, we’re linking to everybody else’s stuff, we’re aggregating, we’ll pull stuff from the Left. It’s a rolling phenomenon. Huge traffic. Everybody’s invested.”

“We’ve got $1.3 billion of equipment I’m using at almost full capacity”

Over the summer, Hillary Clinton failed to emerge as the overwhelming frontrunner everyone expected. She’s been weighed down by the Clinton Foundation buckraking and the revelation that she kept a private e-mail server as secretary of state and destroyed much of her correspondence. Recently, the scandals have merged. In August e-mails surfaced showing that Bill Clinton, through the foundation, sought State Department permission to accept speaking fees in such repressive countries as North Korea and the Congo. A poll the same day found that the word voters associate most with his wife is “liar.” On Oct. 22, Hillary Clinton will testify on these matters before the Select Committee on Benghazi. Her troubles aren’t going away.

Veteran Democrats such as Lehane concede that Bannon and his ilk have been more effective than conservatives who targeted Bill Clinton 25 years ago. “They’ve adapted into a higher species,” he says. There’s more on the way. “We’ve got two more waves of stuff on Clinton corruption,"" says Bannon, including a focus on how the donors highlighted in Clinton Cash violated many of the principles liberals hold dear: “You look at what they’ve done in the Colombian rain forest, look at the arms merchants, the warlords, the human trafficking—if you take anything that the Left professes to be a cornerstone value, the Clintons have basically played them for fools. They’ve enriched themselves while playing up the worst cast of characters in the world.”

While this is surely unwelcome news for Clinton, Lehane argues that where the Clintons are concerned, their opponents invariably become consumed by partisan zeal and undermine their own cause. “Remember the old Pink Panther movies when Clouseau would walk in and the chief inspector would be there, and he’d just start losing his marbles, no matter what?” he says. “That’s how these guys are.”

Bannon does, indeed, have a touch of Clinton Madness. When we met in January, Bill Cosby’s serial predations had just exploded into the news after laying dormant for many years. Bannon was certain this signaled trouble for Bill Clinton, whose own sexual history some conservatives long to revive as a way of hampering his wife’s campaign. His conviction stems from the group of young, female Breitbart News reporters whom he’s dubbed the Valkyries. When I expressed skepticism about the value of reintroducing old scandals, Bannon countered that the Valkyries—a sort of in-house focus group of millennial voter sentiment—were unfamiliar with Clinton contretemps that most older people consider settled. ""There’s a whole generation of people who love the news but were 7 or 8 years old when this happened and have no earthly idea about the Clinton sex stuff,” he says.

It’s impossible to predict how Bannon’s plots and intrigues will ultimately affect the presidential race. It’s not even clear on whose behalf he’s acting—his own or someone else’s? Are Seinfeld royalties enough to take on Clinton and Bush? Or do others have a stake? Solov, the CEO, won’t say. “I can’t go into that,” he says. “It’s privately owned.” Bannon wouldn’t comment either. However, a prominent conservative says Robert Mercer, the reclusive co-founder of hedge fund Renaissance Technologies and a major donor to Texas Senator Ted Cruz, has invested $10 million. Mercer’s daughter, Rebekah, is listed in 2013 tax documents as a GAI board member.

Even without knowing the identity of his backers, Bannon’s designs are clear enough. While he’d blanch at the comparison, he’s pursuing something like the old Marxist dialectical concept of “heightening the contradictions,” only rather than foment revolution among the proletariat, he’s trying to disillusion Clinton’s and Bush’s natural base of support, recognizing, as Goldman Sachs taught him, that you’re more effective if others lead the way.

To succeed, Bannon will need to activate the anger and disgust with cronyism that’s as powerful among supporters of Sanders as it is among fans of Trump. In Tallahassee, as GAI’s phone keeps ringing, the vehicle for achieving this is clear. Editors and reporters at prominent magazines and newspapers, including ones that had passed when approached with Clinton Cash revelations, are calling to ask when the next salvo will arrive—and might they arrange an exclusive?

For many, the answer will be yes. “We’re going to go to the investigative units, not the political reporters, and just give them the stuff,” says Bannon. “We have faith they’ll take the stories and do the additional reporting.” The thought pleases him, and he grins. “Just like last time, we’ll go out and say, ‘Hey, here’s what we’ve got. You guys take it from here.’ ”

Update, Oct. 13: An earlier version of this story stated that James O'Keefe supplied the videotape of Shirley Sherrod. He did not.",1
2254,EXCLUSIVE: Kentucky Clerk: 'This is a fight worth fighting',"UPDATE: A federal judge has ordered a defiant Kentucky clerk to jail after she refused to issue marriage licenses to gay couples.

U.S. District Judge David Bunning told Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis she would be jailed until she complied with his order to issue the licenses. Davis said ""thank you"" before she was led out of the courtroom by a U.S. marshal. She was not in handcuffs.

Bunning also warned deputy clerks around the state that they could suffer the same fate should they refuse to issue marriage licenses to gay couples.

Davis has refused to issue marriages licenses for two months since the Supreme Court legalized gay marriage. She argues that her Christian faith should exempt her from signing the licenses.

Liberty Counsel attorney Mat Staver, who is representing Davis,  called the ruling “outrageous.”

“If this country has come to this point where a judge jails someone like Kim Davis for their religious convictions – then we have lost our religious liberty,” Staver told me.

He said Davis will be fingerprinted and photographed “just like a criminal.”

“This cannot be tolerated,” he said. “This is ultimately going to spark a huge debate around the country. This is not the kind of country – this is not the America that our founders envisioned.”

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Kim Davis could become the first Christian in America jailed as a result of the Supreme Court decision legalizing gay marriage.

“I’ve weighed the cost and I’m prepared to go to jail, I sure am,” Mrs. Davis told me in an exclusive interview. “This has never been a gay or lesbian issue for me. This is about upholding the word of God.”

“This is a heaven or hell issue for me and for every other Christian that believes,” she said. “This is a fight worth fighting.”

Click here to join Todd’s American Dispatch –a MUST-READ for Conservatives!

Davis is the clerk of Rowan County, Ky. – a small patch of earth in the northeastern part of the state. She was elected last November – taking the place of her mother, who held the position for nearly 40 years.

It’s fair to say that issuing marriage licenses was something of a family business – until the day the Supreme Court legalized gay marriage.

Davis is a devout Apostolic Christian, and she knew that should gay marriage become legal, she could not and would not sign her name on a same-sex marriage certificate.

“I would have to either make a decision to stand or I would have to buckle down and leave,” she said, pondering her choices. “And if I left, resigned or chose to retire, I would have no voice for God’s word.

So when that day came, she issued an edict: No more marriage licenses would be issued in Rowan County. It was a decision that would bring down the wrath of militant LGBT activists and their supporters.

“They told my husband they were going to burn us down while we slept in our home,” she said. “He’s been told that he would be beaten up and tied up and made to watch them rape me. I have been told that gays should kill me.”

Liberty Counsel, the public interest law firm that represents Davis, says forcing her to issue same-sex marriage licenses violates her religious beliefs. But the courts don’t seem interested in that argument.

A federal judge ordered her to issue the licenses, an appeals court upheld that decision and the U.S. Supreme Court declined to intervene. Should Davis continue to defy the law, she could be fined or sent to jail.

No matter what the court decides, Davis says she will not violate her religious beliefs – and she will not resign her post.

“I’m very steadfast in what I believe,” she told me. “I don’t leave my conscience and my Christian soul out in my vehicle and come in here and pretend to be something I’m not. It’s easy to talk the talk, but can you walk the walk?”

The mainstream media and the activists have been ruthless. They’ve portrayed her as a monster – a right-wing, homophobic hypocrite. She’s been smeared by tabloid-style reports on her checkered past. They’ve written extensively about her failed marriages.

It’s true, she’s been married four times. But what’s missing in the mainstream media coverage is the context. Her life was radically changed by Jesus Christ in 2011, and since then she has become a different person.

“My God in heaven knows every crack, every crevice, every deep place in my heart,” she said. “And he knows the thoughts that are in my mind before I even think them. And he has given me such a beautiful and wonderful grace through all of this.”

She once lived for the devil, but now she lives for God. She’s a sinner saved by grace.

“I had created such a pit of sin for myself with my very own hands,” she told me.

So how does she handle the reporters and talking heads who call her a hypocrite?

“All I can say to them is if they have a sordid past like what I had, they too can receive the cleansing and renewing, and they can start a fresh life and they can be different,” she said. “They don’t have to remain in their sin, there’s hope for tomorrow.”

Davis did not seek the national spotlight. She had no intention of becoming a spokeswoman for religious liberty, and she bristles at the idea that she is a hero of the faith.

“I’m just a vessel God has chosen for this time and this place,” she said. “I’m no different than any other Christian. It was my appointed time to stand, and their time will come.”

Todd Starnes is host of Fox News & Commentary, heard on hundreds of radio stations. His latest book is ""God Less America: Real Stories From the Front Lines of the Attack on Traditional Values."" Follow Todd on Twitter @ToddStarnes and find him on Facebook.

",1
4968,Donnie’s little lies are yuuuge: Trump has redefined what it means to be deceitful on the campaign trail,"An old saying asserts that falsehoods come in three escalating levels: “Lies, damn lies, and statistics.” Now, however, we’ve been given an even-higher level of intentional deception: Policy speeches by Donald Trump.

 Take his recent highly publicized address outlining specific economic policies he would push to benefit hard-hit working families. It’s an almost-hilarious compilation of Trumpian fabrications, including his bold, statesmanlike discourse on the rank unfairness of the estate tax: “No family will have to pay the death tax,” he solemnly pledged, adopting the right-wing pejorative for a tax assessed on certain properties of the dearly departed. Fine, but next came his slick prevarication: “American workers have paid taxes their whole lives, and they should not be taxed again at death.” Workers? The tax exempts the first $5.4 million of any deceased person’s estate, meaning 99.8 percent of Americans pay absolutely nothing. So Trump is trying to deceive real workers into thinking he’s standing for them, when in fact it’s his own wealth he’s protecting.

What a maverick! What a shake-’em-up outsider! What an anti-establishment fighter for working stiffs!

Oh, and don’t forget this: What a phony!

Sure, The Donald sounds like a populist on the stump, bellowing that the systems been jerry-rigged by and for the corporate and political elites, which is killing the middle class. Well, he’s right about that, but what’s he going to do? Don’t worry, he says smugly, I’ll fix it, I’ll make the system honest again — trust me!

As Groucho Marx said, “To know if a man is honest, ask him — if he says he is, he’s a crook.” Or, in the case of this phony populist, just look at the specific policies he laid out as his fixes for our economy. Trumpeting the package as his blueprint for the “economic renewal” of America’s working class.

But Trump’s idea of “working class turns out to be millionaires and billionaires, for that’s who would get the bulk of benefits from his agenda — rewarding the very corporate chieftains he denounces in his blustery speeches for knocking down middle-income families and grabbing all of the new wealth our economy is creating. His proposed tax cuts, for example, don’t benefit low-wage workers at all and provide only a pittance of gain for those with middle-class paychecks, but corporations are given a huuuuuuuge windfall with over a 50 percent cut in their rate. His tax giveaway will also take $240 billion a year out of our public treasury — money desperately needed for such basics as expanding educational opportunities and restoring our nation’s dilapidated infrastructure.

In his policy speech, he offered a new tax break to help hard working people reduce their cost of child care “by allowing parents to fully deduct [such] spending from their taxes.” Trump even gave this push a personal touch, saying his daughter Ivanka urged him to provide a helping hand to working parents because “she feels so strongly about this.” Before you tear up over their show of dad and daughter working-class empathy, however, note that 70 percent of American households don’t make enough to warrant itemizing tax deductions. Thus, the big majority of Americans that are most in need of child care help get nothing from Trump’s melodramatic gesture. Once again, his generosity is for his own elite class, for the tax benefits would flow uphill to wealthy families like his who can purchase the platinum packages of care for their children. What we have here is the same old failed, establishmentarian, economic elitist hokum that Republicans have been peddling for decades, only bigger and more extreme. Rhetoric aside, the reality of Trump’s plan is to replace Ronald Reagan’s trickle-down theory with his own arrogant, anti-worker scheme of tinkle-down economics. As an early 19th Century labor leader noted, “Figures don’t lie, but liars do figure.” That fits The Donald perfectly.",1
4781,"Day after debate, Clinton gloats and Trump fumes","Raleigh, North Carolina (CNN) As soon as the first debate of the 2016 presidential election was over, both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were quick to claim victory.

But by the next morning, one of them had become far less cheerful.

Just hours after Clinton and Trump clashed on stage at Hofstra University in one of the most highly anticipated political events in modern history, the two presidential nominees took markedly different tones as they reflected on the previous night's debate.

Clinton and her aides showed all of the outward signs of a team riding high.

The Democratic nominee boarded her plane at Westchester County Airport to applause and cheers from her staff. Before taking off to Raleigh, North Carolina, for a campaign rally, a smiling candidate walked to the back of the plane to gloat to reporters about a ""great, great"" evening

""One of my favorite baseball players growing up, Ernie Banks, used to get so excited about going to play that he would say, 'Lets play two,'"" Clinton said. ""So I am looking forward to the next debate and the one after that.""

And taking a dig at Trump's complaint after the debate that he was given a ""defective"" microphone, Clinton quipped: ""Anybody who complains about the microphone is not having a good night.""

And in fact, the Republican nominee did not appear to be having a good morning.

Calling into Fox News' ""Fox & Friends"" early Tuesday, Trump rattled off more than one complaint about the debate.

Those compliments were long gone.

""I had some hostile questions,"" Trump said on Fox News. ""He didn't ask her about the emails at all. He didn't ask her about her scandals. He didn't ask her about the Benghazi deal that she destroyed. He didn't ask her about a lot of things she should have been asked about. There's no question about it.""

Trump was still irritated -- and even conspiratorial -- about his microphone.

""My microphone was terrible,"" Trump complained. ""I wonder: was it set up that way on purpose?""

To top things off, Trump unloaded on former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, who has alleged that the businessman's disparaging treatment of her had led to eating disorders and depression.

With no apparent consideration for the political recklessness of his crude comments, Trump once again went after Machado's physical appearance, bringing her up on his own.

""That person was a Miss Universe person, and she was the worst we ever had. The worst. The absolute worst,"" Trump said. ""She gained a massive amount of weight and it was a real problem. We had a real problem.""

Those remarks could prove to be detrimental for a candidate already struggling with women voters and with the perception that he lacks the temperament to be president.

Late Monday, the Clinton campaign released a new video featuring Machado. ""He'd tell me, 'You look ugly,' or, 'You look fat,'"" Machado says in the video. ""Sometimes he'd 'play' with me and say: 'Hello, Miss Piggy,' 'Hello, Miss Housekeeping.'""

Machado also held a press call Tuesday afternoon to respond to Trump's comments and express her support for Clinton. She told reporters that watching the 2016 election was like a ""really bad dream.""

""I never imagined in 20 years later I will be in this position,"" she said. ""Watching this guy again doing stupid things and stupid comments.""

Speaking in Raleigh Tuesday afternoon, Clinton continued to make digs at Trump's debate performance, saying it was ""very clear that he didn't prepare.""

""What we hear from my opponent is dangerously incoherent,"" she said. ""It's unclear exactly what he is saying, but words matter.""

Marguerite Scott, a retired 68-year-old woman from Cary, North Carolina, who attended the Raleigh campaign event, said she was struck by Trump appearing to lose his composure during the debate. Scott lso chastised the GOP nominee for his comments Tuesday about Machado.

""Men in general should stop objectifying women. If she is fat, that is her business,"" Scott said. ""And to put her on blast like that shows what a misogynist person he is.""",1
4472,Cruz Touts Himself as Only Viable Conservative in Race | RealClearPolitics,"BROOKLYN, Iowa - Ted Cruz has made a name for himself losing big political fights. Now, facing down his biggest battle yet as a candidate for president, Cruz is grappling with the new challenge of assuring voters that he can not only fight, but win.

That pressure on Cruz shone through Friday, as he presented himself for the small crowd at a town hall here as the only conservative in the Republican field who is also a viable candidate.

“There are sixteen Republican candidates. Of the sixteen, do you know which campaign raised the most hard money? We did,” Cruz boasted, to loud cheers. “Three months ago, if someone had suggested to you that Cruz was going to outraise Jeb Bush, you’d have told them, ‘Look, I think you need to lay off the bottle a little bit. That ain’t gonna happen.’”

Indeed, the latest round of campaign finance reports confirmed that Cruz raked in $14.3 million, not including an independent haul on the super PAC side. Although Jeb Bush brought in much more on the super PAC side, making him the undisputed GOP money leader, his campaign brought in $11.2 million - three million less than Cruz.

But the idea of the noted firebrand Cruz pushing political pragmatism can be jarring. He cemented his national reputation as a scorched-earth conservative in 2013, playing a leading role in shutting down the federal government over a quixotic bid to block funding for Obamacare.

In his campaign for president, Cruz isn't glossing over that and other bruising battles he has waged, even as he is being implicitly called out by other candidates for having consistently come up short.

“There are really two kinds of candidates,” Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker told reporters in Davenport, Iowa, on Friday. “There are fighters in Washington who prefer fighting but have yet to win those fights largely, and then there are winners, people who have won elections but haven’t consistently been involved in the fights of the last few years that really matter.”

“What makes us unique is...we can do both,” Walker continued. “We can fight and win.”

When presented later Friday with these remarks, Cruz insisted: “Republican primary voters are going to ask of every candidate in the field: Show me where you’ve stood and led on the great battles of the day.” And he ticked off issues: Common Core, Obamacare, the Religious Freedom Act in Indiana, the president’s executive orders on immigration, the Iran deal, and more.

“There are many good people in this race who I like and respect. But there is a stark difference in the records of the candidates,” Cruz said. “There are campaign conservatives, who talk conservative when they’re on the campaign trail, and yet their record isn’t conservative. I am the candidate in this race who is the consistent conservative over and over again.”

Even Cruz’s steadfast, vocal conservatism is not without political calculation, of course. In a broad field of Republican candidates, he and his campaign team see a lane for a no-compromise conservative, in particular one who can harness grassroots support while cultivating larger donors.

Cruz’s model builds on what he sees as the mistakes of conservative candidates in 2012 to take advantage of deep misgivings about Mitt Romney during the Republican primary, which manifested in multiple candidates — Michele Bachmann, Herman Cain, Newt Gingrich, Rick Santorum — having their moments in the spotlight and at the top of the polls.

“But none of them were in positions to be able to raise substantial sums of money,” Cruz said in an interview prior to his town hall Friday. “So, every time one of them popped up to the polls, they’d get hit with $10 million in attack ads, and they’d be road kill.”

To supporters and the press, Cruz is making the case that establishment Republicans hope to win in the primary by “splintering” the conservative vote — and that he, with his robust campaign infrastructure, is the antidote to that.

“The Washington establishment’s plan is simple. They want to divide conservatives,” Cruz added in the interview. “That is the only way the moderate establishment candidate sneaks up the middle with 23 percent of the vote and runs away with the nomination. If conservatives unite, it’s game over.”",1
436,What if the minimum wage increase is a fraud?,"What if the latest craze among the big-government crowd in both major political parties is to use the power of government to force employers to pay some of their employees more than their services are worth to the employers?

What if this represents an intrusion by government into the employer-employee relationship? What if this consists of the government's effectively saying that it knows the financial worth of employees’ services better than the employers and the employees do?

What if the minimum wage, now on the verge of being raised to $15 per hour everywhere in the land, is really the government's using threats of ruin and force to transfer wealth? What if the $15-per-hour figure is based on a political compromise rather than on free market forces or economic realities?

What if these wealth transfers will have profound unintended economic consequences and will negatively affect everyone?

What if one of the politically intended consequences is that the employees whose salaries will rise will show gratitude not to their employers, who will be paying them more than they earn, by working better but to the politicians who will have forced the employers to pay them more by voting for those politicians?

What if the right of an employee to sell labor by going to work and the right of an employer to purchase that labor by paying a salary are part of the natural right to exchange goods and services, which the Constitution was written to protect? What if during America’s most prosperous periods, that right was protected by the courts?

What if there are clauses in the Constitution that protect that right but the modern courts have ignored them? What if the Constitution prohibits the government from interfering with freely entered-into contracts but the government does so anyway? What if the courts have approved this?

What if the Constitution prohibits the government from taking property from people without charging them with wrongdoing and proving the charge to a jury but the government does so anyway? What if the courts have declined to interfere with all this theft?

What if it is none of the government’s business how an employer and an employee decide on salary? What if the employer and the employee know far more about the worth of the employee’s services and the needs of the employer than the politicians in the government do?

What if the government has fundamental misunderstandings of the way businesses earn money, create wealth and pay salaries? What if the government's mindset is stuck on the governmental economic model? What if that model has no competition, guaranteed revenue and no creation of wealth?

What if that governmental mindset is one of control and central planning rather than appealing to the needs of consumers by providing goods and services better, faster and more cheaply than the competition? What if the government has no need to be better, faster and cheaper because taxpayers are forced to pay it for services they often don’t use and the government has no competition?

What if forcing employers to pay employees more than their services are worth results in higher prices for the goods and services the employers produce? What if the effect of the minimum wage rise is to transfer wealth not from employers to employees but from consumers to employees? What if the rising prices of goods and services, caused by the forced increase in wages, put some of those goods and services beyond the reach of some folks who rely upon them?

What if the folks who can no longer afford some goods and services on which they have come to rely are the very same people whom the politicians have boasted they are helping by the increase in the minimum wage? What if the politicians who have done this do not know what they are talking about? What if they believe they can use minimum wage increases to bribe the poor for votes -- just as they bribe the wealthy with bailouts and the middle class with tax cuts?

What if there are other unintended consequences to the governmental imposition of a minimum wage? What if, rather than pay employees more than they are worth, employers stop employing some of them? What if this results in higher unemployment? What if the rise in the minimum wage has the unintended consequence of harming the folks it is supposed to help?

What if the poor are better off being gainfully employed and earning less than $15 an hour, with an opportunity for advancement, than not working, earning nothing and relying on welfare? What if that welfare burden adds to already overtaxed state budgets?

What if states raise taxes to care for the newly unemployed? What if the newly unemployed lose the self-esteem they once enjoyed when they were gainfully employed?

What if all this came about not because of market forces, such as supply and demand, and not because people worked harder and produced more but because of lawless, greedy politicians -- heedless of basic economics -- who think they can write any law, regulate any behavior and tax any event without adverse consequences?

What if the politicians who caused this did so just to win the votes of those they promised to help? What if these politicians only helped themselves? What if the minimum wage increase is a fraud? What do we do about it?

Andrew P. Napolitano, a former judge of the Superior Court of New Jersey, is the senior judicial analyst at Fox News Channel.",1
4731,Mike Pence enabled Donald Trump. Stop saying he’d make a good president.,"Implausible schemes to put Mike Pence, rather than Donald Trump, on the top of the ballot have been flying since a once-secret recording of Trump’s lurid boasting about sexual assault leaked to the public on Friday evening.

Pence has issued a public statement on Trump’s remarks, saying he “does not condone his remarks and cannot defend them” — but accepted Trump’s apology and suggested he’d stick by him through the second presidential debate on Sunday night. Anonymous sources say privately Pence is “beside himself” over the details in the leaked audio.

Meanwhile, multiple prominent Republicans — from former rival for the nomination Carly Fiorina to former Bush Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and a number of members of Congress — have called for Trump to step aside and allow Pence to be the nominee.

On some level, the Republican longing for Pence in the face of these new details about Trump’s past makes sense. He’s an experienced politician with a long track record. He has impeccable social conservative credentials. He’s the governor of a state. He can pay attention in a debate long enough to land punches on Tim Kaine. And he has almost certainly never been secretly recorded talking about a woman’s “tits” or “pussy” or bragging about kissing women against their will.

But if Republican politicians are really horrified by Trump’s remarks — and not just by the possible electoral implications — Pence made one decision that should disqualify him in their eyes, too: Mike Pence agreed to be Donald Trump’s vice president.

Pence lent Trump the legitimacy he needed to unite the Republican Party. He spent months apologizing for Trump, explaining what Trump really meant, and doing everything he could to put Trump in the Oval Office.

Trump himself pointed to “party unity” as one of the key reasons for choosing Pence as his running mate in the first place, making no secret of the role he viewed the Indiana governor as playing in the campaign.

It’s not as if Pence didn’t know what he was doing. By the time Trump picked him as his running mate on July 14, Trump had already:

Nor was Trump’s rampant sexism a secret. His public feuds with celebrities aside, the New York Times had already published a long article on times Trump was accused of crossing boundaries with women in his private life.

And, of course, Trump had spent years publicly doubting that President Obama was born in the United States.

This is not a complete list. But by the time Trump was picking a running mate, it was clear that he was a man with a history of bigoted, racist, sexist behavior and remarks. This is what Pence agreed to make palatable to the Republican establishment, to social conservatives, and to swing voters.

Pence was going against his own principles, as these tweets from before he joined the ticket show:

And Pence has stood by Trump throughout the ensuing controversies — Trump’s fights with a Gold Star family and the 1997 Miss Universe among them. He’s watched Trump tell black voters that they should vote for him because “What do you have to lose?” and say that the Central Park Five, proved innocent by DNA evidence, should have been executed anyway.

To characterize Pence as a paragon of respect and decency who happened to wake up one morning and, through no fault of his own, be Trump’s running mate ignores the role Pence played in trying to make Trump palatable to voters and the establishment in the first place.

If the case against Trump’s presidency is his poor judgment and his lack of respect for women, what does Pence’s tacit approval of all of this say about him?",1
669,Bernie's California endgame,"The election in 232 photos, 43 numbers and 131 quotes, from the two candidates at the center of it all.",1
3621,"'Charlie' draws historic crowd, world leaders to Paris","PARIS — A historic crowd of more than a million people including more than 40 world leaders jammed the streets Sunday, proclaiming ""Je suis Charlie,"" expressing solidarity against terrorism and paying homage to victims of last week's deadly attacks.

French President François Hollande, British Prime Minister David Cameron, German Chancellor Angela Merkel were among the leaders who linked arms to start the march amid intense security. The U.S. representative was Jane Hartley, the ambassador to France.

The gathering brought together leaders of nations and causes often at odds, such as Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.

The emotionally charged rally came just days after 17 people and three Islamic extremist gunmen were killed in three horrifying days of terror in France.

France's Interior Ministry described the demonstration as the largest in the nation's history. More than 3.7 million marched throughout the country, including between 1.2 million and 1.6 million in the capital. The ministry said a precise number was impossible to determine given the enormity of the turnout.

""Today, Paris is the capital of the world,"" Hollande said. ""Our entire country will rise up toward something better.""

Hollande and Netanyahu later visited the Grand Synagogue in Paris, which for security reasons did not hold Sabbath services this weekend for the first time since World War II.

""Today I walked the streets of Paris with the leaders of the world to say enough terror -- the time has come to fight terror,"" Netanyahu said. He also stressed that the enemy is not Islam, but extremists.

The attackers' primary target was the Paris office of Charlie Hebdo, a satirical weekly publication that has published spoofs of the Islamic prophet Mohammed. The slogan ""Je suis Charlie"" — I am Charlie — has swept across France and around the globe.

Twelve people were killed when brothers Said, 34, and Cherif Kouachi, 32, stormed the offices magazine's offices Wednesday. Two days later police tracked them to a printing house near Charles de Gaulle Airport where they were killed.

On Thursday, Amedy Coulibaly, 32, shot and killed a policewoman. On Friday he killed four people -- all Jewish -- at a kosher market and threatened more violence unless the police let the Kouachis go. He was killed later in the day during a police assault.

French prosecutors said Coulibaly is also linked to the shooting of a jogger on the same day as the Charlie Hebdo massacre. Video emerged showing Coulibaly pledging allegiance to the Islamic State and claiming he coordinated the attacks with the Kouachi brothers.

Sunday was a day for healing and for unity. Rallies in support of freedom of expression were held across France and in major cities around the globe.

In New York, the Empire State Building was lit in the colors of the French flag as a solidarity gesture. The lights were to be darkened at 8 p.m. ET in memory of those killed in the Paris attacks.

In Paris, the military and police were out in force, with more than 2,000 police officers patrolling the area, French officials said. Another 2,000 officers and 1,300 soldiers were protecting key buildings, landmarks, transportation hubs and Jewish sites.

The rally, featuring family members of those who died in the attacks, drew French celebrities, Christian, Jewish and Muslim community leaders, and politicians from across the French political spectrum.

Paris public transport operator RATP made travel on its metro, bus and tram network free to reduce traffic in the center of the capital. Crowds began gathering hours before the rally started at 3 p.m. local time (9 a.m. ET) in central Paris.

The boulevards and streets leading to Place de la Republique soon became blocked by the throngs, but a cheerful spirit pervaded among demonstrators. ""Today is not the day to be grumpy Parisians,"" said one woman sporting a bright-red French beret.

Hawkers sold buttons and banners reading ""Je Suis Charlie"" as well as ""Je Suis Ahmed"" and ""Je Suis Juif (Jewish)."" Banners and signs in honor of those who died, cartoons drawn on posterboard and plastic, and mosaics on the ground made from pens, were also being sold.

The display of world leaders did not impress Reporters Without Borders, which issued a statement saying it was ""appalled"" by some of the countries represented in a rally so closely tied to freedom of expression.

""Journalists and bloggers are systematically persecuted (in) Egypt, Russia, Turkey and United Arab Emirates,"" the statement said. ""We must demonstrate our solidarity with CharlieHebdo without forgetting all the world's other Charlies. ... We must not let predators of press freedom spit on the graves of Charlie Hebdo.""

Some rallies kicked off earlier Sunday. In Dammartin-en-Groele, the small industrial town northeast of Paris where the Kouachi brothers were killed by police, tens of thousands of people came out and sang La Marseillaise, the French national anthem, and chanted ""Je Suis Charlie.""

Blandine Siet, 51, who lives in the Montparnasse neighborhood in south Paris, said she would join the capital city's rally with a group of friends and neighbors to protest the restrictions to freedom of expression that she fears may result from the attack onCharlie Hebdo.

""France is a free country with strong (democratic) values and I want it to stay that way,"" she said.

Meanwhile, thousands of people gathered Sunday for the funeral of Ahmed Merabet, the police officer shot as he lay wounded on the ground just after the Charlie Hebdo attack. Mourners waved signs reading ""Thank you, Ahmed"" and ""Je Suis Ahmed.""

Bacon reported from McLean, Va. Contributing: Jane Onyanga-Omara in London; Jabeen Bhatti in Berlin; the Associated Press",1
857,Ted Cruz Drops Out Of The 2016 Presidential Race,"WASHINGTON -- Facing an increasingly narrow path to the nomination and failing to thwart Donald Trump's dominance, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) withdrew from the 2016 presidential race on Tuesday. ""Tonight, I'm sorry to say that path has been foreclosed,"" Cruz said in a speech Tuesday night in Indianapolis, ""but the voters chose another path."" ""We are suspending our campaign,"" he added. As Trump barreled toward the 1,237 delegates required to win, Cruz's campaign in recent weeks resorted to increasingly desperate measures, mounting a last-ditch effort to win the Indiana primary, one of the only remaining primary states that gave Cruz a chance of winning. But Indiana turned out to be the final nail in the coffin -- Trump won handily in the Hoosier State, including among social conservatives, a demographic that in theory favored Cruz. To reinvigorate his campaign, Cruz last week named former presidential candidate and Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina as his running mate, even though candidates typically do not name their running mate until they have amassed enough delegates for the nomination.

His campaign also announced a plan to coordinate with the campaign of Ohio Gov. John Kasich, the other remaining candidate. Kasich's team agreed to pull resources out of Indiana and cede the race there to Cruz. However, this effort quickly backfired, when each candidate caused confusion by diminishing its importance. Kasich said voters in Indiana should still vote for him. Like many of the GOP candidates and party leaders, Cruz underestimated the strength of Trump's appeal. Initially, he often defended Trump instead of attacking him, strategizing that he could pick up Trump’s supporters if the businessman exited the race. But when it became apparent that Trump's populist and nationalist rhetoric was resonating with Republican voters, with the reality television star dominating the majority of the primaries, Cruz began to target Trump on the debate stage and on the campaign trail -- to little avail. Once positioned as a strong threat to become the Republican presidential nominee, the Texas senator was the first candidate in either party to officially declare his intent to run for the presidency in 2016. Bypassing the typical first step in a presidential campaign -- the exploratory committee -- he kicked off his campaign in March of 2015 with a rousing speech at Liberty University, the Christian university founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell. ""What is the promise of America? The idea that -- the revolutionary idea that this country was founded upon, which is that our rights don’t come from man. They come from God Almighty,” he said in his announcement speech.

A star of the tea party movement, Cruz made social conservatism and religious liberty a fundamental part of his pitch to voters. He highlighted his staunch opposition to gay marriage on the basis of religious freedom, particularly after the Supreme Court decision in June 2015 that legalized gay marriage nationwide. In response, Cruz said he would introduce a constitutional amendment to hold elections for Supreme Court justices. Over the summer, he held a religious freedom rally in the key state of Iowa, during which he proclaimed that “there is a war on faith in America today, in our lifetime” and bemoaned the “persecution” of Christians. But despite touting his conservative credentials and fashioning himself as an anti-establishment candidate, Cruz never quite managed to rally conservatives around him. The Texas senator was hugely unpopular among his colleagues, with most GOP lawmakers reluctant to endorse him until it became clear he was the only viable option to potentially halt Trump's momentum. Only then did Republicans begin backing him, though many gave tepid reasons for doing so and perceived him merely as the lesser of two evils when compared to Trump. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) announced his support of Cruz just weeks after joking that he wanted to murder him. Former House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) told students at Stanford University that Cruz was ""Lucifer in the flesh"" and ""a miserable son of a bitch."" Cruz's campaign never had the enthusiasm and fervor of Trump's insurgency. For example, when Cruz introduced himself at the second GOP debate in September, the audience responded with silence.

And while Cruz portrayed himself as an outsider, most voters viewed him as an establishment candidate, compared to the brash, take-no-prisoners Trump.  As the reality of Cruz's downfall and Trump's presumptive nomination begins to sink in, the Republican party faces a serious dilemma: whether to support Trump as the party's nominee and potentially hand Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton the presidency, or risk further damage to the party with Trump at the helm. Soon after Cruz's announcement Tuesday, Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus urged his party to unite around Trump.",1
25,Planned Parenthood gets over $500 million annually in public funds. Here's where it goes.,"Republican legislators have repeatedly tried to end federal funding for Planned Parenthood — questioning why the non-profit gets money from the government in the first place.

In the wake of sting videos taped inside Planned Parenthood clinics, Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) promised to use ""all legislative vehicles at his disposal"" to force a vote defunding the organization. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) made similar promises to file an amendment that would, according to the Hill, ""eliminate all federal funding for Planned Parenthood.""

Planned Parenthood receives more than $500 million annually in government funding, mostly through Medicaid and grants. Most of this money goes toward providing low-income women with family planning services like STD screening and contraceptive coverage. Planned Parenthood is, without a doubt, one of the largest providers in this space: Of the 6.7 million women who rely on public programs to pay for contraceptives, 2.4 million of them — 36 percent — do so at Planned Parenthood's 817 clinics across the country.

If Congress did defund Planned Parenthood, it would be a huge blow to the group: About 40 percent of its budget comes from government grants, and much of that spending gets done on the federal level. Because Planned Parenthood is such a large provider in this space, it's hard to see other clinics stepping in to fill the gap that it would leave.

Just over 40 percent of Planned Parenthood's budget comes from government grants and reimbursements, the organization's most recent budget report shows. Between June 2013 and 2014, Planned Parenthood received $528.4 million in public funding, a big chunk of its $1.3 billion national budget.

That $528.4 million figure covers both state and federal funding, and Planned Parenthood does not publicly break out how much money it gets just from federal funding. The best estimate arguably comes from the Government Accountability Office, which estimated that Planned Parenthood received $105 million in federal funding in 2012.

There are two main ways Planned Parenthood receives public funds. One is through Medicaid, the public health insurance program that covers 71 million low-income Americans. Whenever a Medicaid patient has an appointment at a Planned Parenthood clinic, the nonprofit will bill the health plan for whatever services the patient uses.

The other source of funding is grants, largely through the Title X Family Planning Program — the only domestic grant program dedicated to family planning. Organizations like Planned Parenthood often use Title X grants to subsidize birth control, STD screenings, and other reproductive health services for low-income patients who may lack health insurance coverage.

Planned Parenthood receives Title X funds both directly from the federal government and from states, which will sometimes make the nonprofit's health center a subgrantee for the dollars they receive from the federal government.

Both Title X and Medicaid provide low- to middle-income women with financial assistance to cover family planning costs. Medicaid might, for example, reimburse Planned Parenthood when it provides a patient with an HPV vaccine. And a Planned Parenthood clinic could use Title X grants to subsidize the placement of an IUD, which can cost upward of $500 for an uninsured patient.

The exact family planning benefits that Medicaid covers varies from state to state. But generally, many states will cover contraceptives, STD screenings, HPV vaccines, and cancer screenings as well as sterilization and reversal procedures — and will reimburse Planned Parenthood when it is the provider.

Thirty-two states and the District of Columbia have Medicaid programs that will pay for abortions, although those health plans are barred from using federal dollars — and have to use the state's share of funding to pay for the procedure.

Title X often covers the same type of services as Medicaid, except for women who are not on the public program. One important difference: Title X funds are never available to be used for abortions, even in states where the Medicaid program covers the procedure.

Federal law expressly prohibits the use of Title X funds to pay for abortions — while abortion providers like Planned Parenthood can qualify for grants, the government requires that no federal dollars go toward the termination of pregnancies.

No legislation to defund Planned Parenthood has ever passed, so its a bit hard to know — and even how, exactly, Planned Parenthood would lose its fund varies in different legislative proposals.

Historically, when congressional Republicans have talked about ""defunding Planned Parenthood,"" they've meant barring the group from receiving Title X funds.

This is the type of bill the House passed in 2011. It would have disallowed any abortion providers — Planned Parenthood clinics or otherwise — from getting Title X grant funds.

That type of bill would put a dent in Planned Parenthood's budget, but it would be far from ending the group's federal funding. They would still receive funding through Medicaid, a much larger program than Title X — and near certainly a bigger chunk of Planned Parenthood's budget.

Planned Parenthood does not provide a breakdown of its government funding, but separate data suggests it almost certainly gets way more public revenue from the Medicaid patients it sees. One analysis from the Guttmacher Institute shows that Medicaid, a program jointly funded by states and the federal government, pays for 75 percent of publicly funded family planning services in the United States — while Title X covers 10 percent.

In order to fully defund Planned Parenthood, Congress would need to pass a law that bars Medicaid from reimbursing its clinics for patient visits there. This type of amendment hasn't historically come up in congressional debates about cutting Planned Parenthood's budget, perhaps because it's a much more drastic move than proposing cuts to Planned Parenthood's Title X funding.",1
1249,Chicago court to hear 'natural-born' case to knock Ted Cruz off ballot,"CHICAGO — A judge will hear arguments on Friday from an Illinois voter alleging that Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz is not a ""natural-born citizen"" and should be disqualified for the party's nomination.

Lawrence Joyce, an Illinois voter who has objected to Cruz's placement on the Illinois primary ballot next month, will have his case heard in the Circuit Court of Cook County in Chicago. Joyce's previous objection, made to the state's Board of Elections, was dismissed on February 1. He appealed the decision and was granted a hearing for Friday before Judge Maureen Ward Kirby.

Joyce challenges Cruz's right to be president in the wake of questions put forth by GOP rival Donald Trump about being born in Canada. Cruz maintains he is a natural-born citizen since his mother is American-born.

""What I fear is that Ted Cruz becomes the nominee, come September, Congressman Alan Grayson of Florida will go forward with his threats and probably several other Democrats will file suit to prevent Ted Cruz from being on the ballot,"" Joyce, a pharmacist and attorney from Poplar Grove, Ill, told USA TODAY.

Grayson, a Democrat, has told reporters that he will file a lawsuit contesting Cruz's citizenship if the senator from Texas wins the GOP nomination.

""What Democrats will do at that point is cherry pick which county courthouse they are going to show up in order to file these petitions,"" Joyce said. ""And at that point, I fear they'll get a string of victories in the lower courts and the funding for Ted Cruz would dry up, his numbers would plummet in the polls, he may be forced to give up the nomination.""

Joyce, who said he is backing Republican contender Ben Carson, said he has not spoken to the Trump campaign. But Joyce did say he raised the issue with the Carson campaign, which he said was uninterested in pursuing the matter.

The Illinois man said he was hesitant to file the lawsuit out of concern that getting involved in such a high profile case could be detrimental to his own law practice.

""I tried to talk myself out of it and was unable to do so,"" Joyce said. ""It's plain as day that Ted Cruz is not a natural born citizen of the United States.""

Cruz, at a CNN-hosted town hall meeting Wednesday night, defended his citizenship and right to run, saying he was born in Canada to a U.S. citizen, making him an automatic U.S citizen. His mother was born in Wilmington, Del., Cruz said.

“I never breathed a breath of air on this planet when I was not a U.S. citizen,” he said. “It was the act of being born that made me a U.S. citizen.”

He added: “There will be some who try to work political mischief on it, but as a legal matter, this is clear and straightforward.”

Cruz spokesman Rick Tyler said Thursday night he had no comment about the lawsuit. The Trump campaign could not immediately be reached for comment.

A federal lawsuit was filed in Texas last month asking for a determination of Cruz's eligibility to run. And voters in New York, who raised similar concerns about Cruz's citizenship, on Thursday filed a challenge with the state Board of Election challenging the senator's eligibility to be on the ballot.

Sanford Levinson, constitutional law professor at the University of Texas School of Law, said Joyce would have to prove standing – or why Cruz’s potential ineligibility affects him specifically – for the judge to proceed with the case.

Even if the judge declares Cruz to be ineligible to run, the GOP candidate’s campaign would undoubtedly file an appeal, potentially tying the case up for months, he said.

It’s surprising that a lower court would even agree to hear the case, which is entangled in broader constitutional issues, Sanford said.

“I’d be very, very surprised if [the judge] were to say he’s ineligible,” he said. “At that point, all hell would break loose.""",1
3293,NYDN Calls Out 'Traitor' Senate Republicans,"Rudy Giuliani And The Price Of Milk

While running for president in 2007, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani told a reporter at a Montgomery, Ala., supermarket that he estimates ""a gallon of milk is probably about a $1.50, a loaf of bread about a $1.25, $1.30, last time I bought one."" It must have been a few election cycles since his last trip: The grocery store's website listed milk for $3.38 and bread up to $3.49.",1
649,"As Sanders refuses to bow out, Millennials urge him to keep fighting","While Bernie Sanders has been mathematically eliminated, the ability to appeal to Millennial attitudes is only going to grow more crucial in future elections, political scientists say.

Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders is hugged by a supporter after addressing the crowd following the closing of the polls in the California presidential primary in Santa Monica, Calif., June 7.

Garner Jarrett never used to care much about politics.

The massage therapist and actor, who is in his late 20s, had been an indifferent voter at best and never before voted in a presidential primary.

But the promise of change that Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders brought to the national stage – and the access to information about him that the Internet made possible – moved Mr. Jarrett enough to not only cast his vote at his neighborhood polling station in Koreatown on Tuesday. It also propelled him to reevaluate his view of the American political process, he says.

“This election changed the way I participate on a deeper scale,” he says. “I started seeing stuff about a candidate I cared about. It inspired the hope that things could get better.”

Jarrett’s remarks articulate in part the attitudes that are coming to define Millennial voter concerns and behavior. Those attitudes first emerged in the 2008 presidential election: a tendency to lean toward liberal values; a drive to champion social justice issues and call for change in established processes; and a reliance on the Internet and social media for information, communication, and political mobilization.

As the generation comes into its own – already Millennials match baby boomers in their share of the US electorate – those perspectives will more heavily inform the issues and processes that determine future elections, political analysts and generational experts say.

What has grown more pronounced since 2008 and 2012 – and which Senator Sanders’s campaign underscored – is a push away from even the perception of being part of “the establishment,” whether it’s Washington or Wall Street. Such a drive, if sustained, could have lasting influence on the way Millennial voters engage in elections and the kinds of issues toward which they steer conversation, says Jan Leighley, a professor who specializes in political behavior at American University in Washington.

“The likely consequences of Millennial support of a Bernie candidacy is that a) you may have mobilized a generation more than they would have otherwise, and b) you may just have pulled Hillary to the left,” she says.

Tuesday, Hillary Clinton made history as the first woman to top a major party ticket by securing the number of delegates she needed to clinch the Democratic nomination – even before the last six states went to the polls, according to the Associated Press. Three of the states – New Jersey, New Mexico, South Dakota – have been called for her, while she holds a commanding lead in the night's biggest delegate prize, California.

“Tonight caps an amazing journey – a long, long journey,” Mrs. Clinton said in her victory speech. “Thanks to you, we’ve reached a milestone. The first time in our nation’s history that a woman will be a major party’s nominee.”

Sanders, who won in Montana and North Dakota, refused to bow out, vowing to fight on until Washington, D.C., goes to the polls June 14. While he has been mathematically eliminated, his success in galvanizing young people like Jarrett speaks to the value of a politician’s ability to verbalize Millennial concerns in a passionate way.

“[Sanders] struck a chord that this generation is receptive to,” says Michael Hais, a veteran market researcher and co-author of three books on Millennials. More and more, he notes, leaders will have to speak in a language and communicate using methods that this generation understands – as the senator has done.

“They’ve had these basic attitudes … and that’s going to persist,” Mr. Hais adds. “They are going to shape the policy of the future.”

Despite their numbers, only 46 percent of Millennials, 18-to-34 year olds, are likely to vote. They make up just  17 percent of likely voters in California.

That’s not unusual, as voters tend to participate more in elections as they grow older. Baby boomers today have higher rates of voter turnout than Millennials, but boomers came out to vote at about the same rate as Millennials when they were the same age, according to data from the Center for Information and Research on Civic Learning and Engagement, a nonpartisan research institute at Tufts University in Boston.

“The reality is youth are very small percentage of the vote,” says Professor Leighley. “That’s true even in [presidential] election years … [and] even under the most generous assumptions.”

Still, Millennials did show up at polling stations across Los Angeles on primary day – making it more likely that they will vote again.

“The biggest predictor of participating in a future election is if you participate in a previous one,” says Jeff Gulati, a political science professor at Bentley University in Waltham, Mass.

And those Millennials who spoke with the Monitor echoed Jarrett, the Koreatown resident, when it came to their hopes for and expectations of a leader – and the reasons they came out to vote.

“This [election] makes me want to be more aware,” says Serenity Self, 26, as she walks out of Bellevue Recreation Center, which served as a polling station in L.A.’s Silver Lake neighborhood. “Bernie bringing up delegates and superdelegates made me question the whole [electoral] process. I think finally people are seeing the light.”

“This is the most active I’ve ever been in a campaign,” says David Hemphill, 33, a children’s book publisher who spent primary day canvassing for Sanders in Boyle Heights in East Los Angeles. “He gave a voice to things that I have felt for a long time and haven’t really heard someone speak to.”

“I’m looking at our power structure in this country through a different lens than I was a year ago,” he adds.

Elementary school teacher Angelo Gonzales, 28, says he wavered between Mrs. Clinton and Sanders, but ultimately chose the latter because of his bold vision.

“I guess I wanted to make a statement,” he says. “Ten years ago I would’ve scoffed at Bernie Sanders. I would have said he wanted too much change. But change is good. It’s a powerful thing. We want someone to step up.”

Some political analysts are wary of making definitive statements about the long-term impact of this election – and of Sanders’s campaign – on Millennial attitudes, and vice versa. Though the senator did manage to energize a large swath of the demographic, Professor Gulati says, not all Millennials are Sanders supporters, or Democrats for that matter.

They’re also young, and therefore still developing their views and political stances, says Professor Leighley at American University.

“You’re talking about individuals who don’t have firmly-held attitudes and don’t have much experience,” she says. “The issues that they’re raising are issues that every other age group are raising – economic security, jobs, some aspect of maybe the role of government in allowing or helping individuals to get ahead. That’s not much different from what elections usually are about.”

Another enduring effect of this election, analysts say, is the role of the Internet and social media – not just in terms of how candidates are reaching potential voters, as they did for Obama during his campaigns, but also how voters are informing themselves about the candidates and their issues.

They are, says Hais, the generation expert, “the best way of appealing to Millennials, more than anything.”

“There’s so much information out there,” video editor Andrea Otto, 27, says. “You can look into the money of campaigns, you can be better informed. You don’t have to take what mainstream media outlets are telling you.”

“I think this election is unique in that social media is coming to be huge,” adds Jarrett from Koreatown. “You can take a person nobody knows about, and through social media, he’s able to become an important candidate.”

Mr. Hemphill, the children’s book publisher, goes a step further.

“We’re the most educated, connected generation in the history of the world,” he says. “We have the Internet at our fingertips. We can look at things that any leader said five years ago, 10 years ago. We can track someone that easily.”

“People really discount what the Internet voice is. I think it’s very short sighted,” he adds. “I think that people are [now] awake and alive and I can only hope that it continues. We can’t go back.”",1
4503,"Supreme Court races the clock on gay marriage, Obamacare and more","WASHINGTON — The future of same-sex marriage and President Obama's health care law hang in the balance as the Supreme Court's 2014 term draws rapidly to a close this month. But those aren't the only big issues on the justices' plate.

Free speech and fair elections. Religious liberty and racial discrimination. Clean air and capital punishment. All await rulings over the next three weeks as the court completes action on 20 cases remaining this term. The next decisions will come Thursday morning.

Here's a look at the Elite Eight:

• Same-sex marriage. In a decision likely to come on the term's last day — possibly June 29 or 30 — the court will decide whether gays and lesbians have a constitutional right to marry or whether state bans against same-sex marriage can remain in place.

Six cases from Ohio, Michigan, Tennessee and Kentucky have been consolidated for the court's consideration. In them, 32 total plaintiffs are asking for the right to marry or to have marriages licensed elsewhere recognized in their home states. Most legal experts predict the court, led by Justice Anthony Kennedy, will rule in favor of the gay and lesbian couples.

• Obamacare. The future of Obama's health care law is on the line for the second time in three years, and it's anyone's guess how the court will rule.

Passed in 2010 and narrowly upheld by the court in a 5-4 ruling in 2012, the law has extended health insurance to 12 million Americans. But four words in its lengthy text — ""established by the state"" — now endanger federal subsidies relied upon by 6.4 million participants in 34 states that did not create their own exchanges or marketplaces. The justices must decide whether the law prohibits that financial aid.

• Clean air. Environmental regulations approved by the Obama administration regularly come before the Supreme Court, and this year is no exception. A major rule requiring coal- and oil-fired power plants to reduce emissions of mercury and other toxic air pollutants hangs in the balance.

The justices appeared closely divided on the central issue in the case — whether the Environmental Protection Agency should have considered the nearly $10 billion annual cost in relation to the potential benefits before approving the regulation — when it was argued. A decision in favor of objecting states and utilities could send the EPA back to the drawing board.

• Housing discrimination. The third time could be the charm for the court's conservatives, who tried twice in recent years to consider cases challenging the way housing bias claims are decided.

Under the Fair Housing Act of 1968, minority groups have been able to win lawsuits by showing that housing practices — such as sales, rentals, zoning and lending — have a disparate impact on minorities. Housing industry opponents challenging the law say it was intended only to ban intentional discrimination.

• Lethal injections. The death penalty also is never far from the high court's docket. After a steady diet of cases and emergency appeals on issues such as claimed intellectual disabilities and the actions of defense lawyers and prosecutors, the court now must rule on a relatively new method of execution.

The case involves the use of a sedative called midazolam as part of a three-drug cocktail used by several states, including Oklahoma, where three death-row inmates are challenging its use. Unlike stronger barbiturates that are in short supply, the drug has failed in some cases to block pain and suffering during the lethal injection process.

• License plates. This is a free speech case that hinges on who is speaking — the state government issuing specialty license plates or the vehicles' owners.

Texas, which like every other state issues such plates to produce revenue while promoting a variety of causes, refused to approve the Sons of Confederate Veterans' request for a plate featuring the Confederate flag. The justices must decide if the government has the right to suppress its own speech or must allow private speech by motorists, no matter how offensive.

• Political maps. In the second case to reach the court this year on political redistricting, the justices must decide whether nonpartisan commissions can replace state legislatures in drawing congressional district maps every 10 years.

Those commissions are used in seven states, including California, to take the redistricting process out of the hands of politicians with a vested interest. But the Arizona state Legislature's Republican majority argued that the Constitution gives that power solely to state legislatures. A majority of the court's justices appeared to agree during oral arguments.

• Religious signs. Also from Arizona comes a case combining religious freedom and highway clutter. Tiny Good News Community Church is challenging the town of Gilbert's sign ordinances, which restrict signs advertising upcoming events — such as church services — far more than political and ideological signs.

While acknowledging that local governments can regulate for the purposes of beautification, the justices likely will rule that the town went too far in limiting church event signs to 6 square feet and 13 hours. That would be good news for Good News.",1
1330,Gloves off for top tier in GOP race after debate,"While the full field of Republican presidential candidates resumed campaigning Friday, it was Sens. Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio who emerged from last night's Fox Business debate the apparent main challengers to front-runner Donald Trump -- though New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie's feisty exchanges may have left some thinking what was once a 17-candidate scramble, now is a four-man showdown.

Or, maybe five, as former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who managed to get in a few shots at Trump, picked up the endorsement Friday morning of former candidate Sen. Lindsey Graham.

Trump, though, quickly dismissed the backing, tweeting that Bush’s “chances of winning are zero,” the same as Graham’s polling.

The exchanges all marked a newly aggressive campaign heading into the final stretch before Iowa.

For Trump and Cruz in particular, the Fox Business Network debate in South Carolina marked the first where real tensions showed through. Before, the two top-polling candidates essentially refused to attack each other, preserving a détente that extended to the campaign trail.

Trump, after the debate, acknowledged in one TV interview that their “bromance” is over.

The debate could set the tone for the final two weeks before the leadoff Iowa caucuses, with the leading candidates now searching aggressively for weak spots in each other’s records.

On Friday, the candidates spread all over the early-voting state map.

Trump is following on his strong performance with an Iowa rally Friday morning. Cruz is charging through South Carolina, while Rubio is in New Hampshire.

Trump also has rented out space at an Iowa theater and is giving residents free tickets to a showing of “13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi” Friday evening, according to The Des Moines Register. The movie depicts the 2012 terror attack on the U.S. compound in Benghazi, a topic that has haunted Hillary Clinton’s presidential bid.

With the polls tightening in the middle in the Granite State – and at the top in Iowa – nearly a half-dozen candidates are now firing at each other on a regular basis.

Rubio sustained his attacks going into Friday, launching a new TV ad that calls accusations from Bush “desperate” – and reprising his criticism on Cruz’ consistency in an interview with Fox News.

“I like Ted, we’re friends, but he campaigns as a consistent conservative. … That is not his record; he has flipped his position on birthright citizenship, on legalization of illegal immigrants,” he told Fox News.

When Rubio launched that same attack at Cruz Thursday night, though, Cruz deftly countered.

“I appreciate you dumping your oppo research folder on the debate stage,” Cruz said, maintaining that he opposes “amnesty” while Rubio backs citizenship for illegal immigrants.

Through most of the debate, Cruz showed off his skills as practiced debater. He employed this early on to fend off a challenge from Trump over the Canada-born senator’s eligibility to seek the presidency. He accused Trump of pushing “birther theories” because the polls are tightening.

Then, in a retort reminiscent of Reagan’s famous “youth and inexperience” quip, Cruz tried to flip the script by noting some “birther theories” say a candidate must have two parents born on U.S. soil to be eligible.

Pointing out Trump’s mother was born in Scotland, Cruz said: “On the issue of citizenship, I’m not going to use your mother’s birth against you.”

Trump said, “But I was born here … big difference.”

But Trump, though, was seen as landing a decisive retort when Cruz criticized him for “New York values.” Recalling memories from after 9/11, Trump passionately described the “horrific” clean up and the “smell of death” in the city.

“It was with us for months, the smell,” Trump said. “And everybody in the world loved New York, loved New Yorkers -- and I have to tell you, that was a very insulting statement.”

Not to be overshadowed, Rubio and Christie both broke through on several occasions.

While Rubio and Cruz tangled over their immigration records and voting consistency, Rubio also accused Christie of endorsing “many of the ideas that Barack Obama supports, whether it is Common Core or gun control or the appointment of Sonia Sotomayor or the donation he made to Planned Parenthood.”

“I stood on the stage and watched Marco … rather indignantly, look at Governor Bush and say, ‘someone told you that because we're running for the same office, that criticizing me will get you to that office,’” he said. “It appears that the same someone has been whispering in old Marco's ear too.”

Often left on the sidelines of the rhetorical battles were Ohio Gov. John Kasich and retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson.

Carson has seen his numbers steadily slide in Iowa, though Kasich is still polling strong in New Hampshire.",1
4319,Carly Fiorina is more dangerous than Donald Trump: Her brazen demagoguery puts his to shame,"This is partly a function of her recent climb in the polls, while Donald Trump has begun to slide. It is also partly a function of her strict adherence to right-wing ideology on issues such as abortion and national security, and partly a function of the affect she’s developing on the campaign trail. Of the top three current candidates – Fiorina, Trump and Ben Carson – it is the former HP executive who has emerged with the steely resolve and chest-thumping, unapologetic jingoism so beloved by conservatives. Combine this with specific policy prescriptions and you get a formidable candidate who, unlike someone like Jeb! Bush, seems to grow, not wilt, in the spotlight.

Full disclosure: Two weeks ago, I wrote an entire column arguing the exact opposite of what I’m about to say. But Fiorina’s debate performance and her ongoing defense of her comments on Planned Parenthood, combined with polls indicating the air really has started leaking out of the Trump balloon, have me rethinking my position.

Her MTP interview was a textbook example of Fiorina’s effectiveness in appealing to the right wing, particularly when she’s in the cross hairs of a mainstream media outlet. (That she was questioned by Chuck Todd, an interviewer so hapless he might as well have been my 2-year-old nephew asking “But why?” after every Fiorina answer, certainly helped.) Asked why she’s sticking to the well-documented fictions she keeps telling about the infamous Planned Parenthood videos, Fiorina smiled like a shark, shook her head, condescended to and talked over Todd, and reiterated with all the assurance of a champion bullshit artist that yes, there is no question that “Planned Parenthood is aborting fetuses alive to harvest their brains and other body parts. That is a fact.”

It is useless to point out how many times this garbage has been debunked. Fiorina not only either believes it or can convincingly pretend to, but she also gives the antiabortion movement on the right some additional credibility. While one expects, say, former Baptist minister Mike Huckabee’s strident antiabortion rhetoric, Fiorina does not wear her religion on her sleeve. Nor does she, as nearly every other candidate does, come from a legislative background where she has wrestled with the abortion issue. She can plausibly claim to be a secular true believer, making antiabortion positions not just the province of evangelicals and other religious conservatives.

Fiorina also has an advantage over the openly religious Ben Carson in this area, one created by the latter’s soft-spoken demeanor. The Republican base is in a fighting mood. The more spark she shows, the more she can draw conservatives away from the retired neurosurgeon who is currently a hair behind Donald Trump in the polls.

But where Fiorina’s demagoguery becomes even more dangerous is in its specificity about policy. Compare her talk on foreign policy to those of Trump and Carson. When asked during the debate how she would interact with Vladimir Putin, Fiorina told CNN’s audience, What I would do, immediately, is begin rebuilding the Sixth Fleet, I would begin rebuilding the missile defense program in Poland, I would conduct regular, aggressive military exercises in the Baltic states. I’d probably send a few thousand more troops into Germany. Vladimir Putin would get the message. Imagine you are a Russian hard-liner sitting in Moscow watching this debate and hearing the GOP’s third-leading candidate promising a foreign policy aimed at your country that is so muscular, Ronald Reagan’s corpse just got an erection. You’re not thinking that Fiorina sounds more unhinged than General Buck Turgidson or the fact that Barack Obama is also conducting aggressive military exercises in the Baltics and the Sixth Fleet is as big and strong as ever. You’re thinking Comrade Putin will stand strong against this foolishness when Carly Fiorina is in the Oval Office. And if you are a conservative voter in America, you’re thinking, Carly won’t be a chump like that wimp Obama, who has let Putin walk all over him. That swelling in your chest is a jingoistic pride that you haven’t felt during the long, dark years that the Kenyan Usurper has been destroying America from within. Compare Fiorina to the boastfulness of Donald Trump, who talks in generalities: I’ll make us great again, I get along with everyone so I’ll get along with the Russians and Chinese, I’m a successful businessman, I’ll make fantastic deals and everyone will be very happy. Trump also promised he would actually talk to Putin instead of ordering the Sixth Fleet into the Turkish Straits practically the moment he takes his hand off the Bible at his Inauguration. Despite all his bluster, Trump at the end of the day wants to be the friendly executive strolling across the construction site and shaking hands with all the hardhat-sporting workers. Fiorina wants to be the one yelling at them to quit staring at her and get back to work. After all, talking and making friends is also what that community organizer Barack Obama does.",1
3490,What's in Donald Trump's tax returns?,"On 23 September 1952, vice presidential candidate Richard Nixon gave a speech laying out ""everything I have earned, everything I have spent and everything I own"".

He concluded by challenging the Democratic candidate for president, Illinois Governor Adlai Stevenson, to do the same. Governor Stevenson took the challenge one step further, releasing his personal tax returns - the clearest account of an individual's income for the year.

The move was not reciprocated by Nixon or his running mate for president, Dwight Eisenhower.

Two decades later though, at the height of the Watergate scandal and under audit by the US tax authority - the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) - then-President Nixon made his tax returns public in hopes of clearing the air.

The move did not work, but it set a precedent for making tax filings public.

""It's proof you have nothing to hide,"" says Joe Thorndike, a tax historian at Tax Analyst.

Donald Trump says he needs no such proof.

Claiming to face his own audit the presumptive Republican nominee has refused to release his tax returns, even as public pressure mounts for him to do so.

Every US presidential candidate since 1976 has released their tax returns, but there is no law requiring it.

Mr Trump's refusal to release them has led to mounting speculation about what he could possibly be hiding.

""Tax returns are sort of black and white and you sign your name to say this is accurate. It's not open to interpretation,"" says Mr Thorndike.

The first thing the public would find is what tax rate Mr Trump pays. The candidate has bragged about paying a very low tax rate and taking advantage of the complex US tax code with its many loopholes.

""Mr Trump is proud to pay a lower tax rate, the lowest tax rate possible,"" one of his top aides has said.

An investigation by the Telegraph newspaper found Mr Trump was involved with a deal to evade $20m (£13.5m) in US taxes.

It's possible his returns may hold similar bombshells, but Mr Trump's admission that he does his best to avoid taxes will likely make these less explosive.

One line of thinking has it that the returns would give a better sense of how much Mr Trump is worth. The New York billionaire has given several different figures for his net worth, which have all been higher than estimates by financial experts and publications like Forbes magazine.

But discovering whether Mr Trump is inflating his net worth may not be as easy as some hope from his tax returns.

Tax forms focus on income for the year, not total worth.

It may be possible to tell how much income Donald Trump made in a given year, but the complex way his companies earn money will still make this difficult. US real estate professionals can take tax losses based on the depreciation and other expenses for their buildings. This could allow Mr Trump to report having less income and therefore place him in a lower tax bracket.

While we may not get an exact number for Mr Trump's wealth, it is likely the returns would give a more detailed picture of his businesses.

The forms would show how much profit and loss the companies he owns distributed to him in a year. It would not give a full account of the worth of those businesses because not all profit is distributed to the owners - some is put back in to grow the business - but it would give a sense of the activity.

One thing a tax return would definitely show is how much Mr Trump gives to charity.

Mr Trump claims to give millions to charitable causes and organisations; if true, his tax form would prove that. Americans are allowed to deduct charitable donations of over $250 (£170) from their tax bill. If the real estate mogul donated as much as he claimed, it should appear on his tax deductions form.

Mr Trump has said he will release the returns after the audit, but doing so before would hurt his interaction with the IRS.

A person is not prohibited from releasing their tax returns during an audit - President Nixon was facing an audit when he released his - but many tax professionals do advise against it.

""Everyone is going to look at them and find something suspicious. If the statute of limitations is open the IRS might feel pressured to do an audit,"" says Robert Kovacev, from the law firm Steptoe.

The IRS has three years in most cases to decide whether to audit a person. Mr Trump claims to have faced audits on a continuing basis for nearly a decade.

But others argue Mr Trump would have to be particularly unlucky or bad at filing his taxes to come under the IRS's microscope so often.

The IRS uses a computer program which scores tax filings. If there are a number of unusual signals on a particular form, it is then evaluated by a human who decides whether to do an audit.

Individuals who are audited are also typically given a pass in the following year if the same issues are flagged by the computer, because IRS officials have already looked into them.

As audits can take months, and even years, Mr Trump's tax returns may not be made public until after the election - if at all.

The bombastic candidate has bucked most political precedents until now, and it's possible releasing his tax returns could be yet another.",1
939,Time Is Running Out for Bernie Sanders,"It certainly feels like Bernie Sanders is winning. Judging from his soaring rhetoric, celebrity endorsements, and huge rallies, the Vermont senator lately seems like he could ride his political revolution all the way to the Democratic nomination without breaking a sweat. Of the last eight primary contests, Sanders has won seven. On Sunday, more than 28,000 people turned up to hear him speak in Brooklyn, and on Monday, a new national poll showed him virtually tied with Hillary Clinton, 48 to 50 percent—a 4-point increase that puts him within the margin of error.

And yet, Sanders is well on his way to a resounding defeat. On Tuesday, he is expected to lose New York, where state law prevents independents, some of his strongest supporters, from voting in the Democratic primary. (“Nothing much I can do. It’s bad New York state election law,” he groused on Monday.) A series of recent polls indicates that Clinton, despite a spate of bad press, is still solidly on track to secure the presidential nomination based on her commanding delegate lead.

To be fair, Sanders has beaten the odds before. In Iowa, he overcame a double-digit deficit to virtually tie with Clinton, and in Michigan, he shocked pundits by leapfrogging her 20-point lead to win the entire state. But even if he pulls off similar victories in every single state left in the race, Sanders would still trail Clinton among delegates, who are awarded proportionally, and super-delegates—party leaders who can side with either candidate, irrespective of their state’s vote, and who have largely sided with Clinton. “Bernie Sanders would have to win landslide after landslide starting in New York to change that math,” David Axelrod, President Obama’s former campaign strategist, said on CBS’s Face the Nation Sunday. “He’s run a splendid campaign . . . but at this point, it just looks like time is running out.”

At the moment, Sanders lags Clinton by double digits in all the major upcoming states, New York included, making those landslides highly unlikely. While pointing to the Michigan model as their pathway to victory, the Sanders campaign has quietly begun dialing back expectations for Tuesday. “Here’s the truth: we don’t have to win New York on Tuesday, but we have to pick up a lot of delegates,” Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver said in an e-mail Sunday pointing to polling showing the candidate within 6 points of Clinton. “This poll shows that if we keep fighting, we may actually have a chance to do both.”

The other major reality check facing the Sanders campaign is his lack of super-delegates, the majority of whom have backed Clinton, extending her delegate lead from 244 to 682. Even if Sanders manages to win a series of landslide victories—rather than a more likely scenario in which he merely prevents her campaign from surging ahead—he’ll be hard-pressed to swing those uncommitted delegates over to his side. Much like Ted Cruz with Donald Trump, Sanders’s only realistic shot at fighting on to the general election involves blocking Clinton from securing the number of delegates needed to clinch the nomination (2,382, for the Democrats) and then persuading them to vote for him at a contested convention.

Should it get to that point, Sanders may have a viable argument that he is the more electable candidate. Nationwide, he’s virtually tied with Clinton in the polls, and several (albeit unreliable) surveys show him soundly beating the presumptive G.O.P. nominee, Trump, in a general-election matchup. But if Sanders stays too long in the primary and loses, his moral victory will be a pyrrhic one. The surge of Democratic passions surrounding the self-styled socialist, fueled by rising anger against wealthy interests, has exacerbated a widening rift in the party, decreasing Clinton’s favorability rating and damaging her reputation before the general election even begins. One in four Sanders voters say they won’t vote for Clinton if she is the nominee. Soon, that conviction may be tested: with less than a day to go before the New York primary, voters will decide whether the dream of Sanders’s political revolution will live another day, or die.",1
5196,Protests Continue as Donald Trump Gears Up for the White House,"President Barack Obama and Republican leaders are rolling out the red carpet to help President-elect Donald Trump transition to the White House, but in several big cities, the election results are still being met with opposition on the streets.

From Philadelphia and New York City to Oakland and Portland, Oregon, anti-Trump crowds flooded the streets for a second night of protests.

  

 In Portland, the situation was so bad that police declared it a riot.

""These people, unfortunately, have to get over the results. He won. He won,"" one resident said.

Trump answered the protests with this tweet:



The president-elect met with Obama for the first time at the White House Thursday, laying the groundwork for his transition into the Oval Office.

""We now are going to want to do everything we can to help you succeed,"" Obama told his successor.

Congressional Republicans are also joining forces to help Trump succeed.

House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., gave Trump a tour of Capitol Hill, showing him exactly where he'll be sworn as the 45th president of the United States.

""We are now talking about how we are going to hit the ground running to make sure that we can get this country turned around and make America great again,"" Ryan said.

Republicans are putting together an ambitious agenda for Trump's first 100 days in the White House.

Trump is gearing up for a strong beginning to his presidency. With Republican support and control in the House and Senate, he has three key issues at the top of his list.

""We're going to look very strongly on immigration, health care and we're looking at jobs, big league jobs,"" he said.

However, Trump will face extremely strong opposition from Democrats on key issues, like Obamacare.

Additionally, one of his first and most important presidential decisions will be nominating a new justice to fill the late Antonin Scalia's place on the Supreme Court.

While Trump was touring the White House, his former opponent was spotted in Chappaqua, New York, taking a walk with her husband and their dogs.

There is still uncertainty for Hillary Clinton with ongoing Capitol Hill investigations into her private email server.

Trump's team says he hasn't ruled out his promise to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the former secretary of state.",1
890,Ted Cruz Says He Can Woo Donald Trump's Supporters,"Ted Cruz has a message for Republican delegates: I can win over Donald Trump's supporters even if I don't win over Trump himself.

""If it ends up, as I think probably will happen, at a contested convention that we earn a majority, it's going to be critically important then to keep the Donald Trump supporters energized and engaged,"" the Texas senator told Mark Halperin and John Heilemann in an interview for Bloomberg Television's With All Due Respect.

Cruz posited that one of the reasons he's ""the last man standing"" against the front-runner is that he's ""the only candidate who's competed effectively"" for the blue-collar workers who form the heart of Trump's base.

""The issues that energize and excite the Trump voters—illegal immigration, securing the border, keeping this country safe and bringing jobs back to America—bringing them back from China, back from Mexico—those issues are right at the heart of our campaign,"" he said. ""So I believe if I earn a majority of the delegates in Cleveland, that we are going to be able to continue to energize and unite those Trump supporters and get them to come out and vote in November.""

Although Trump has dominated in most contests among voters who haven't graduated from college, Cruz won those voters in Wisconsin, the most recent primary.

Trump has warned of ""riots"" and suggested his supporters will abandon the GOP en masse if he's blocked from the nomination at the July convention. Cruz acknowledged that ""there's no doubt at a contested convention that's something you naturally worry about—is having divisions in the party.""

At the interview in Cicero, New York, Cruz also pointed out an ""encouraging"" sign for his ability to bring together Republicans, leaders and rank-and-file voters alike.

""Look at the 17 Republican candidates who started this race,"" Cruz said. ""Five of them are supporting my campaign now. We've been endorsed by Rick Perry, by Lindsey Graham, by Jeb Bush, by Scott Walker, by Carly Fiorina. That really is indicative of the Republican Party uniting.""

Cruz also said his campaign is ""in the process of examining potential vice presidential nominees,"" mentioning the original GOP field as evidence of an ""abundance of good choices"" for the position.

The socially conservative candidate declined to offer his opinion on Bruce Springsteen's decision to cancel a concert in North Carolina due to a state law—known as the ""bathroom law""—that the musician said ""attacks the rights of LGBT"" Americans.

""Bruce and everyone else has a free speech right,"" Cruz said, arguing that the people of North Carolina also have a right to pass laws that reflect their values. ""I do think a lot of Hollywood and entertainment latches on to whatever is politically correct at a given moment,"" he said. ""He's entitled to be a liberal, and most rock and rollers, most of Hollywood, they’re liberals. That's their entire culture.""

The full interview is set to air Friday at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on Bloomberg TV's With All Due Respect.",1
3609,First 'Charlie Hebdo' issue since attack sells out,"PARIS — The first edition of Charlie Hebdo since terror attacks in Paris last week left 17 people dead sold out at newsstands across France shortly after going on sale Wednesday.

Residents in Paris formed lines at dawn and by mid-morning kiosks sported signs that said ""No more Charlie Hebdo"" and ""Out of stock."" Local French media reported scuffles broke out as people realized copies were selling quickly. A black market quickly developed, with copies selling on eBay for thousands of dollars. One auction ended Wednesday evening with a bid of $20,000.

""Normally they sit in a box in front of the kiosk and you just help yourself — and normally, the Charlie Hebdo box always has some copies in it,"" said Marie Dupont, 22, who was passing through Gare du Nord train station on her way to work in Paris.

Wednesday's 16-page issue of the satirical newspaper featured a cartoon on its cover depicting the prophet Mohammed. He is crying and holding a sign in his hands that says, ""Je suis Charlie"" (""I am Charlie"") — a reference to the slogan adopted by anti-violence and free speech campaigners in the wake of the attacks. It is forbidden under Islam to show images depicting the prophet.

Three million copies were printed — 60,000 are usually published— and that may be extended to 5 million, local French media reported. It has been translated into six languages and is being distributed internationally for the first time.

A week ago, gunmen linked to radical Islam murdered eight staff members at the newspaper along with four other people. Five more people were killed in separate attacks on a policewoman Thursday and at a kosher supermarket Friday.

Benoit Redureau, a veterinarian in Paris, called the cover ""cheeky"" and also ""very brave.'

""Their cover is militant, they don't let go, despite the pressure, despite the dead, they remain loyal to their (editorial) line, to their soul…to what we like about them,"" said Redureau.

Another Parisian, Yann Legall, 58, called the issue funny as well as sincere but also restrained.

""I wonder: did they refrain themselves? Did they go half-measure on this publication? They could have gone a lot further on this, when you have people who get executed like dogs, they could have done something more drastic, they could have been accusatory,'' Legall said.

On pages two and three of the newspaper Wednesday were drawings created by four cartoonists killed in the attack. One by Bernard ""Tignous"" Verlhac depicts two Muslim jihadists with one saying: ""We shouldn't attack Charlie Hebdo people."" The other replies: ""(yeah), they will become martyrs and once in paradise, will steal all our virgins.""

Distributors said they would try to get more copies by Thursday or even later Wednesday. Printer Messageries Lyonnaises de Presse decided to increase the print run following the fast depletion of stock, French daily Le Figaro reported.

""I feel very concerned over what happened (to Charlie Hebdo) and I want to read what the surviving journalists wrote this week,"" said Anne Brisson, 59, trying to get a copy. ""Still, it's the type of collective craziness in which I don't want to take part — it's like suddenly there is no more sugar so everyone buys 10 kilograms of sugar for the next 10 years.""

Fabrice Perticoz, 48, who was manning a Paris newsstand, echoed many others selling the magazine Wednesday when describing how people lined up at 6:15 a.m. for his 120 copies. ""By 6:45, they were all sold out,"" he said.

At his stand, a woman begged. ""Please keep one for me tomorrow, I pay for it, really,"" she said. But Perticoz refused to take her money. ""It gets too complicated, I might forget,"" he said. ""One man wanted to call the cops claiming I refused to sell to him.""

The publication of Charlie Hebdo's controversial new cover comes as France's government was preparing tougher anti-terror laws. The French government announced Wednesday that 54 people had been detained in a crackdown on hate speech, anti-Semitism and glorifying terrorism.

Among those arrested was Dieudonne, a controversial but popular comic who defended terrorism in comments posted on Facebook earlier this week.

In Turkey, police searched trucks carrying the entire print run of the daily Cumhuriyet newspaper early Wednesday to make sure none of the newspapers reprinted cartoons from Charlie Hebdo that depicted the prophet Mohammed.

""When the police proceed to check in advance the copies without a clear decision of the court, I think it is an alarming procedure reflecting perfectly disproportional interference in press freedom in Turkey,"" said Erol Onderoglu, a Reporters Without Borders representative in Turkey.

In a separate development, al-Qaeda in Yemen on Wednesday reiterated claims of responsibility for the attack on Charlie Hebdo.

The group released a video in which Nasr al-Ansi, a top commander of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, or AQAP as the branch is known, said the attack by Said and Chérif Kouachi on the Paris newspaper was in retaliation for insulting the prophet Mohammed.

The video was briefly available on YouTube before being taken down. Last week, the same group released a statement to the Associated Press in which it claimed responsibility for the Charlie Hebdo killings.

In the video, Al-Ansi says France is part of the ""party of Satan"" and warns of further ""tragedies and terror."" Al-Ansi says Yemen's al-Qaeda branch ""chose the target, laid out the plan and financed the operation.""

Amedy Coulibaly, who held hostages at the Jewish supermarket, pledged allegiance to the Islamic State in a video released Sunday.",1
2584,"Netanyahu blasts ‘very, very bad’ Iran nuclear agreement","Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blasted the framework agreement reached by world powers to curb Iran's nuclear program, repeatedly calling it a ""free path to a bomb"" that will spark an arms race in the Middle East.

Under the framework announced last week, international sanctions would be lifted in phases if Iran meets its commitments. The International Atomic Energy Agency would conduct inspections to monitor significant limits on Iranian nuclear facilities, and the restrictions would be in place for at least a decade.

In a series of interviews on Sunday political talk shows, Netanyahu called for world leaders to strike a ""better deal"" that significantly — and permanently — rolls back Iran's nuclear infrastructure. Sanctions should be ratcheted up — not lifted — to pressure Iran until it stops its ""aggression in the region,"" he said. Netanyahu questioned whether inspections would be effective, saying Iran has shown that it cannot be trusted.

""I wouldn't bet the shop on inspections,"" the Israeli leader said on CNN's ""State of the Union."" ""It's not a country that you can place your trust in. And it's not a country that you're going to resolve its congenital cheating. You're just not going to replace it by placing more inspectors there.""

The ""very, very bad"" agreement only allows Iran to build a vast arsenal by placing temporary restrictions and lifting sanctions that had crippled the country's economy, Netanyahu said. He repeatedly said the agreement would ""pump up their terror machine worldwide."" Echoing concerns among skeptics of the framework, Netanyahu said it would spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East, with Sunnis states already seeing Shiite Iran as a major threat.

""I think this is a dream deal for Iran and a nightmare deal for the world,"" Netanyahu said on NBC's ""Meet the Press.""

Netanyahu did not outwardly criticize President Obama, but he said there is a ""legitimate difference of view"" between the two leaders. Netanyahu said he believes Obama is doing what is best for the United States. But the agreement will jeopardize not only Israel but also surrounding countries in the Middle East, the Israeli leader said on ABC's ""This Week."" The framework agreement does not block Iran's path to nuclear weapons, and instead paves it, he said.",1
2155,GOP avoids showdown over EPA climate change rules,"The party looks to Kamala Harris, Catherine Cortez Masto, Tammy Duckworth and Maggie Hassan to help lead it out of the abyss.",1
4282,"FOX News Poll: Trump gains, Carson slips, Cruz and Rubio climb in GOP race","GOP front-runner Donald Trump widens his lead in the nomination race, while Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz threaten to overtake Ben Carson for the number two spot.

Those four once again constitute the top tier in the latest Fox News national poll on the 2016 election.

In addition, Rubio joins Carson as the only candidates at least half of voters say are honest and trustworthy -- though Carson’s honesty rating has taken a hit.  More on that later.

First, here’s how the GOP race stands: Trump remains in the top spot with a record 28 percent support from Republican primary voters.  He was at 26 percent in the last Fox poll, which was completed before the last debate and the Paris attacks (November 1-3, 2015).

Carson drops from 23 percent to 18 percent in the new poll.  Cruz and Rubio are both up three points and garner 14 percent each.

All others are in the low single digits:  Jeb Bush gets 5 percent, while Chris Christie, Carly Fiorina, and Mike Huckabee each get 3 percent.  John Kasich and Rand Paul receive 2 percent a piece.

CLICK HERE TO READ THE POLL RESULTS

Three key GOP constituencies put the four favorites in the upper-tier:  the Tea Party, white evangelical Christians, and talk radio listeners.

Among GOP primary voters who are part of the Tea Party movement, Trump is the first choice (38 percent), followed by Cruz (30 percent).  Carson (14 percent) comes in third -- receiving less than half of Trump’s support. Rubio rounds out the quartet with 9 percent.

About a quarter of white evangelical Christians back Trump (25 percent) and Carson (24 percent), while Cruz gets 18 percent and Rubio receives 11 percent.

Cruz (31 percent) is the preferred pick among those who listen to conservative talk radio daily.  Trump (24 percent), Rubio (16 percent) and Carson (11 percent) also get double-digit backing.

Earlier this month, Carson was the only 2016 candidate deemed honest and trustworthy by a majority of voters: 60 percent said he was (November 1-3, 2015).  Since then, some reporters -- and Trump -- have questioned whether everything in Carson’s new book is true.

The attacks seem to have pushed Carson’s honesty ratings down:  today 53 percent of all voters say he is honest, while 34 percent say he isn’t.  Still, that’s a net positive of 19 points, which gives him the second highest honesty score (the total percentage points of those saying you’re honest minus those saying you’re not) of the candidates included in the poll.

Rubio does a touch better on that measure. By a 51-31 percent margin, voters say he is honest and trustworthy (+20 points), up from 41-36 percent earlier this month.

Cruz (+11 points), Fiorina (+5 points) and Bush (+4 points) also get positive honesty scores.

Trump gets a negative 14 honesty score (41 percent honest vs. 55 percent not).  That still puts him ahead of Hillary Clinton.  She receives a net negative 20 score (38 percent honest vs. 58 percent not).  Clinton’s ratings hit a record low in early November when just 35 percent of voters said she was honest.

Among self-identified Republicans, all of the GOP candidates tested have a positive net honest and trustworthy score: Carson (+56 points), Cruz (+51 points), Rubio (+46 points), Fiorina (+35 points), Bush (+32 points) and Trump (+24 points).

Seventy-three percent of Republicans say Carson is honest, down from 82 percent in early November.

The Fox News poll is based on landline and cellphone interviews with 1,016 randomly chosen registered voters nationwide and was conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R) from November 16-19, 2015. The poll has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points for all registered voters, and 5 points for Democratic primary voters and 4.5 points for Republican primary voters.",1
913,Has Hillary Clinton Outstayed Her Welcome?,"At this point, even amid one of the most captivating political upheavals in recent memory, the election process of 2016 is starting to feel like an extended car ride with a group of people after the conversational possibilities have run out. We’re all buckled up, with a long way to go, but everyone’s most irritating habits are already out in force. We’re feeling candidate fatigue, a malady first observed in the 1980s, perhaps earlier, and it’s the inevitable consequence of an exceptionally drawn-out political process combined with ample media coverage.

Candidate fatigue strikes people at different times. People were already complaining of Al Gore fatigue in 1999, and the complaints were deafening by 2000. John Kerry fatigue—yes, there was that in 2004. But it plagues everyone eventually: Barack Obama, John McCain, Mitt Romney. Yes, yes, yes. And now it’s all-of-them fatigue. Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders, Ted Cruz, and John Kasich rotate seats regularly, each of them taking turns at the wheel. Each takes a different approach to driving, all of them tiresome.

Donald Trump used to be the most interesting driver, because he took strange turns and it kind of worked. He also crashed through fruit stands, and that was fascinating, at first. Then it seemed like he was driving through fruit stands for no reason other than that it pleased him. Perhaps you thought Trump had a grander plan with this, that there were some shortcuts being taken now in order to get everyone somewhere worthwhile later. Perhaps you don’t think so anymore.

Hillary Clinton is a more controlled driver, at first glance. She sits straight at the wheel, signals diligently, looks attentive. But she doesn’t seem to notice, or maybe care, that she’s weaving between lanes and belching up exhaust. Ask her about it and she smiles, sometimes laughs, and says she doesn’t know what you’re talking about. She sometimes sings, to project cheer. She does not have a good singing voice.

Ted Cruz, when driving, moves his seat back, leans the seat-back down, and steers with just one hand, his right, resting his left arm in the open window. This is meant to look confident, manly, and controlled. But it’s 40 degrees outside and raining. Everyone is cold. Ted has planned everything out carefully. He doesn’t want you to touch his things. When you left your journal in the hotel room, though, he found it and said he intended to keep it, because technically he was in possession of it. Then he started reading it and smirking, occasionally pushing his hand in the air in a shushing gesture and telling you to calm down.

John Kasich pulls his seat nearly all the way forward, and he places both hands on the very top of the wheel, elbows at the bottom. He fumes at other drivers, and he gets angry when he makes a wrong turn. If he feels people aren’t behaving themselves, he likes to pull over, park on a shoulder, and turn around in his seat to lecture everyone. No one can explain why he’s in the car or where he’s going.

Bernie Sanders has two hands on the wheel and drives alertly but also, like Kasich, irritably. He yells a lot. He often lifts his arms and spreads his hands, upturned, into the air, to signal incredulity. When Hillary takes potshots at his driving, he tells her he’s driving fine. He looks tired, and the car’s running out of gas, but he thinks he can make it. People tell him to try some of the new features or do some reading to get up to speed on the auto world, but he has an approach to driving and he’s sticking to it.

Candidate fatigue can be a dangerous thing, actually. In 2000, journalists who were stuck with Al Gore got so sick of him that they got unfair, amplifying every one of his missteps and inventing some more to boot. That’s one reason reporters are rotated more often now. It makes them less likely to fall in love with the candidate or descend into hate. So one must keep that in mind. Especially since there are over six months to go.

In any case, we must be grateful to these candidates on the presidential car ride, as they weather the madness of a presidential campaign. It’s rough enough to watch them. Imagine how much rougher it is to be them.",1
3362,Republicans blast Kerry for suggesting Iran could skirt new visa rules,"Republicans on Monday blasted Secretary of State John Kerry for suggesting in a letter to his Iranian counterpart that the administration could help the country get around new visa restrictions passed by Congress.

“Instead of bending over backwards to try to placate the Iranian regime, the White House needs to be holding it accountable for its recent missile tests, its continued support for terrorism, and its wrongful imprisonment of Americans,” House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce, R-Calif., said in a statement to FoxNews.com.

At issue are tightened security requirements for America’s visa waiver program, which allows citizens of 38 countries to travel to the U.S. without visas. Under changes in the newly signed spending bill, people from those countries who have traveled to Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan in the past five years must now obtain visas to enter the U.S.

Top Tehran officials, however, complained the changes violate the terms of the nuclear deal, which says the U.S. and other world powers will refrain from any policy intended to adversely affect normalization of trade and economic relations with Iran.

Kerry responded to these concerns in a Dec. 19 letter to his Iranian counterpart, Mohammad Javad Zarif -- and suggested the administration could simply bypass the rules for Iran.

“I am also confident that the recent changes in visa requirements passed in Congress, which the Administration has the authority to waive, will not in any way prevent us from meeting our [nuclear deal] commitments, and that we will implement them so as not to interfere with legitimate business interests of Iran,” he said.

Kerry’s letter to Zarif assured that the U.S. would “adhere to the full measure of our commitments.” As for changes to the visa program, Kerry floated several alternative options for easing any impact on Iran – including waiving the new requirements.

“To this end, we have a number of potential tools available to us, including multiple entry ten-year business visas, programs for expediting business visas, and the waiver authority provided under the new legislation,” he wrote.

The legislation indeed includes a provision allowing the Homeland Security secretary to waive the requirements if the secretary determines this “is in the law enforcement or national security interests of the United States.”

But House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., voiced concern on Monday that Kerry was proposing a “blanket” waiver to accommodate Iran’s complaints. He said that is not Congress’ intent.

“Contrary to what the Secretary of State seems to be saying to Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif, it was not and has never been Congress’s intent to allow the Administration to grant a blanket waiver to travellers from Iran in order to facilitate the implementation of the Iran deal,” he said in a statement.

McCarthy said the point of the legislation was to strengthen security and “keep the American people safe from terrorism and from foreign travelers who potentially pose a threat to our homeland.”

Kerry’s assurances also raised concerns that the U.S. may be backing down to Iran’s complaints while at the same time reluctant to punish Tehran for its own potential violations.

“Instead of undermining Congressional intent regarding the visa waiver program, the White House should instead focus on Iran’s repeated violations of the U.N. Security Council's bans on missile tests,” McCarthy said. “Iran’s unwillingness to follow these international agreements should be a red flag that the Iran nuclear deal isn’t worth the paper it is written on.”

Omri Ceren, with the Washington, D.C.-based Israel Project, also told The Washington Free Beacon, “According to the Obama administration’s latest interpretation, the nuclear deal allows Iran to test ballistic missiles in violation of international law, but does not allow Congress to prevent terrorists from coming into the United States.”

The same article noted that the State Department official in charge of implementing the nuclear agreement warned Congress last week that the new visa rules “could have a very negative impact on the deal.”

Indeed, Kerry’s letter came as top-ranking Iranian officials accused the U.S. of flouting the nuclear agreement.

Iran’s Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi said Sunday that the change “contradicts” the nuclear deal.

""Definitely, this law adversely affects economic, cultural, scientific and tourism relations,” Araghchi was quoted by state TV as saying.

Asked about Kerry’s assurances at Monday’s daily briefing, State Department spokesman John Kirby said the secretary made clear they would “implement this new legislation so as not to interfere with legitimate business interests of Iran.”

Kirby said the law would be followed, but there are a “number of potential tools” to ensure this does not violate the nuclear deal. As for the DHS waiver authority, he said it’s too soon to say “if and when” that might be used.

The Kerry letter initially was obtained and published by the National Iranian American Council.

The State Department confirmed the document’s authenticity on Monday.

FoxNews.com’s Judson Berger and The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
133,The Walter Scott outrage nobody is talking about,"The horrific story of the unarmed Walter Scott’s death at the hands of Officer Michael Slager continues to reverberate. Aside from the incontrovertible evidence on the tape that the accused officer shot him in the back as if he were doing target practice, there has since emerged more tape of the traffic stop itself and audio of the officer speaking with his superiors on the phone raising even more questions about his state of mind at the time of the shooting. But as journalists have gone back and studied the officer’s record and found that he was previously investigated for taser abuse. And on even further investigation it was found that this jurisdiction is known as “Taser town”:

Until the eight shots heard ’round the world, cops in North Charleston, South Carolina, were primarily distinguished by their zesty use of Tasers. As computed by a local newspaper in 2006, cops there used Tasers 201 times in an 18-month period, averaging once every 40 hours in one six-month stretch and disproportionately upon African Americans. The Charleston Post & Courier did the tally after the death of a mentally ill man named Kip Black, who was tasered six times on one occasion and nine times on another. Black died immediately after the second jolting, though the coroner set the cause of death as cocaine-fueled “excited delirium syndrome.”

It’s important to note that Taser International has spent large sums convincing local coroners that this syndrome (which primarily seems to kill people in police custody) makes it the victim’s responsibility if they have the bad luck to die from being shot full of electricity with a taser. It’s not just illegal drugs in the system which can allegedly cause it. Adrenaline can as well. So if a person fails to remain calm in face of an arrest and finds the feeling of 50,000 volts going through their system to be stressful they have no one to blame but themselves if they die.

Those who have been following the story of Walter Scott understand the significance of the taser. It’s not just that the officer evidently lied about Scott taking his taser, thus somehow justifying his using lethal force, or the fact that he appears to have tried to plant the taser next to the slain man’s body to cover his tracks. The man who filmed the shooting said this:

It’s not unusual for people to try to escape from a taser if they can. It is, quite literally, a torture device designed to force compliance with terrible pain. The people of Taser Town, particularly African American men, undoubtedly understand exactly what is going to happen if they find themselves in the custody of a police officer. Here’s one example of how it would likely go down, as reported by The Guardian:

Slager is among three patrolmen named in a lawsuit filed by Julius Wilson, who said he was arrested after being stopped in his car in August last year. Wilson is also suing the city of North Charleston, the city police department and police chief Eddie Driggers. Speaking at a press conference on Monday, Wilson described Slager and his colleagues as “bad, corrupt cops”. He said: “The use of excessive force or punishment to torture suspects is not something that should be tolerated by the North Charleston police department.”[…]

Wilson, who has a criminal record, said he was stopped on 25 August because his vehicle had a broken tail light. Scott, 50, was stopped for the same reason on 5 April before fleeing and being shot dead by Slager. Wilson was stopped by an Officer Edwards, he said, who was joined 10 minutes later by Slager and an officer Clemens despite Wilson calmly “making small talk and laughing”. After refusing to step out until he was told why he was being arrested, Wilson claimed, he was forcibly pulled out of his vehicle by Slager and the two other officers. The three then “forcibly restrained Wilson on his stomach on the pavement face down,” the lawsuit stated. Despite Wilson “not moving, nor resisting” and lying with his hands above his head, the lawsuit claimed, Slager broke a silence among the officers by shouting: “Watch out! I’m going to tase!” He then allegedly “shot his NCPD-issued taser into Wilson’s back”. The lawsuit alleged Wilson “writhed in pain from the electric shock”. It said when Slager warned his colleagues he was about to fire his taser, “Wilson was cooperating fully” and allowing the two other officers to place his hands behind his back.

Tasers guidelines vary by department and jurisdiction, but generally their use is only considered reasonable when the subject poses a safety threat. Clearly, shooting an unarmed 50-year-old man when he runs from the taser is not one of those cases. The video of the Scott incident shows that Officer Slager is confused on that issue, to say the least. And it’s just as clear, based on that same standard, that nobody could ever claim such force is justified when presented with an unarmed suspect facing down on the ground, with his hands behind his back. Using a taser in that situation is simply a form of unofficial street justice, a little torture at the hands of the authorities to make a point. Tasers are not simply used in place of lethal force, and they’re not always used to force compliance. They are very often used as on-the-spot punishment by police who want to teach citizens a lesson. Take the now notorious California incident that happened to be filmed by a local news station, in which  a man on horseback led police on a chase through the desert. When he fell from the horse, police swarmed and he very clearly laid down on his stomach and put his hands behind his back. Then the police beat the hell out of him and tasered him repeatedly. This footage has garnered widespread criticism because of the beating, and for good reason. It’s brutal, primitive behavior. But you won’t find many people expressing outrage about the electric shocks being administered to this man over and over again. Here’s a typical news report of the incident: In video captured by cameras aboard a helicopter for KNBC, deputies gather around the man after he falls from a horse he was riding to flee from them. The video shows deputies using a stun gun on him and then repeatedly kicking and hitting him. KNBC reported that the man — identified by authorities as Francis Pusok — appeared to be kicked 17 times, punched 37 times and hit with a baton four times. Again, if you look at the footage, Pusok was on the ground, face down with his hands behind his back before anyone tasered him or physically assaulted him. And yet the tasering is apparently considered a-ok. At the very least, it isn’t mentioned as something that shocks the conscience the way the beating does.Perhaps this is because the searing pain of electro-shock doesn’t leave much in the way of a mark. But hideously painful it is. Yet for some reason, delivering this particular agony to a suspect is not something people reject when there is no danger to police or bystanders, and the suspect is compliant. But police do it routinely, and are rarely sanctioned for it. Some of this undoubtedly stems from the fact that popular culture has turned tasering into slapstick comedy. Movies and TV shows and countless Youtube videos portray it as a hilarious joke. “Don’t tase me bro” became as national catch phrase. But it’s not funny. Tasers can kill people. And regardless of what level of respect and compliance one thinks police are entitled to get from the public, they are not entitled to torture and punish citizens to teach them a lesson. Walter Scott ran from the pain of the taser and he was shot in the back numerous times for doing it. Francis Pusok was compliant and was tasered and beaten repeatedly anyway. It appears that such shootings and beatings, when captured on film anyway, are still considered beyond the pale in America these days. In both cases, officers will have to face some sanction for their behavior. Slager is facing a murder charge. It’s unknown what the California cops will face, but the FBI is investigating, so there may be some federal civil rights charges. It will be very interesting if any of the officers are charged with assault for using the taser. Let’s just say it will be among the vast minority of cases ever brought if they are.",1
3014,What's the Answer to Political Polarization in the U.S.?,"A&Q is a special series that inverts the classic Q&A, taking some of the most frequently posed solutions to pressing matters of policy and exploring their complexity. In modern politics, nothing brings people together more than talking about how far apart they are. Twelve years ago, a speech denouncing political polarization thrust Barack Obama into the national spotlight, and that very premise will outlast him when he leaves the White House next January. The American public is divided—over economic policy, social policy, foreign policy, race, privacy and national security, and many other things. A host of factors, from partisan gerrymandering to exclusionary party primaries, are driving them further apart. Here we break down those factors behind our polarized politics, along with some of the most common proposals to fix it. Political polarization is worse now than it’s ever been. Let’s stop right there: Is this really true? It’s a common cry of politicians, government-reform advocates, pundits, journalists, and disaffected voters to bemoan the state of politics and declare that “Washington is broken,” perhaps irrevocably. But people often forget that American history is rife with examples of debilitating polarization that make the partisan battles of today pale by comparison. This was a key point President Obama made in his recent speech to the Illinois General Assembly, where he said that “it isn’t true that today’s issues are inherently more polarizing than the past.”

A fundamental dispute over the institution of slavery plunged the nation into a civil war a century-and-a-half ago. In 1856, violence over slavery erupted in the august chamber of the U.S. Senate, when an anti-slavery lawmaker from Massachusetts, Charles Sumner, was caned on the Senate floor by a member of the House from South Carolina, Preston Brooks. Fans of the Broadway hit, Hamilton, have also been reminded of another black mark on U.S. political history, when the nation’s first Treasury secretary was killed in a duel by the sitting vice president, Aaron Burr, in 1804. More recently, look at the emotional debates over racial equality and the Vietnam War during the 1960s and 1970s. The country witnessed the assassinations of John F. and Robert Kennedy, Martin Luther King, and Malcolm X. The segregationist former governor of Alabama, George Wallace, was shot and paralyzed while he campaigned for president in 1972. Rioting and civil unrest plagued major cities and college campuses across the countries for long stretches at a time. Fine, the 1860s and the 1960s were bad. But the fact that the nation hasn’t fallen into civil war and our leaders haven’t been gunned down is a pathetically low bar for a first-world country with the greatest military and strongest economy on Earth. Even during the tumult of the 1960s, Congress created Medicare and Medicaid, enacted landmark civil-rights legislation, and passed a sweeping education bill that still serves as the foundation for federal funding of public schools today.

Ever since Obama’s first two years in office, Congress hasn’t done anything except shut down the government and come close to tanking the economy with a near-default on the nation’s debt. Immigration reform stalled. Gun reform went nowhere. Congress can’t even agree to declare war on ISIS, and now that Antonin Scalia has died, it might leave the Supreme Court short-handed for more than a year. Congress is hopelessly gridlocked, and we need major political reform to fix it. What’s wrong with Congress? Or more precisely: Is anything actually wrong with Congress, or is it simply functioning how it was designed to function? The confrontations over the last few years have led to rampant complaints that the national legislature is “dysfunctional,” which in turn has contributed to a stunningly-low approval rating for Congress. (It sunk to single digits and has recently hovered in the low-to-mid teens.) For one, lawmakers in Washington have struggled not only to pass big bills, but they’ve had trouble completing even the most routine tasks of governance. In 2011, Republicans refused for months to raise the debt limit and nearly caused an unprecedented default that could have sunk the fragile economic recovery. Two years later, conservatives forced a two-and-a-half week government shutdown over funding for the healthcare law. In the Senate, both parties—and particularly Republicans until last year—have used the filibuster more frequently than ever before to stall legislation and presidential appointments. This has led to calls to either reform the filibuster or scrap it entirely as a way to speed up the legislative process and make it easier for Congress to reflect the will of the people. In 2013, Democrats did change the rules to make it easier to confirm executive and judicial appointees (below the Supreme Court), and Republicans didn’t bother to reverse those changes when they took control last year.

Yet for all of the consternation, if you are a Democrat, Congress functioned quite well in the first two years of Obama’s term. The House and Senate passed so much significant legislation—the stimulus bill, health care, student loans, and Wall Street reform—that the White House and congressional Democrats had trouble explaining it all to voters. Then came the Tea Party wave of 2010, and the American people elected a Republican House to serve as a check on the Obama administration. It’s only natural that divided government would lead to some gridlock, because Congress was designed to only pass laws if there is a consensus in favor of them—especially in the Senate, which was created as a check on the inflamed passions that would lead to political overreactions by the House. So if you don’t like how Congress is working, blame the Founders—which is exactly what my colleague Yoni Appelbaum did last year, when he wrote that the gridlock on display in recent years may be “a product of flaws inherent” in the Constitution’s design. Sure, but the Founders never imagined that partisan gerrymandering would render the House of Representatives so polarized that most lawmakers now fear a primary challenge from the right or left more than they fear losing to the other party in a general election. They have no incentive to compromise. We need non-partisan redistricting commissions to redraw the lines and make House members more accountable to people other than the extremes of each party.

Well, the Founders never imagined political parties at all—but that doesn’t mean the system can’t work. Is redistricting reform possible, and would redrawing House districts help reduce polarization? The 435 congressional districts are redrawn every 10 years after the Census, and historically, it has been the purview of state legislatures to determine the districts in their state. Naturally, the party in power tends to draw them to maximize its advantage, a process that over time has resulted in some totally ridiculous-looking districts that stretch horizontally or diagonally across states, or connect two population centers with a strip as thin as a single road. The Washington Post did a good rundown of the most oddly-shaped districts in 2014. The Republican wave election in 2010, which extended from Congress down to governorships and state legislatures, gave the GOP significant power in redistricting after the decennial Census that year. The results were obvious in 2012, when Republicans retained a large majority in House seats, 234-201, despite the fact that Democrats won 1.4 million more votes than GOP candidates in House races. Yet complaints about gerrymandering cross party lines. When Obama spoke in Illinois, it was the Republicans in the state legislature who cheered his call for reform, knowing that in the Land of Lincoln it is Democrats who draw the districts. And two retiring members of the GOP's Tea Party class of 2010, Representatives Richard Hanna of New York and Scott Rigell of Virginia, blamed gerrymandering for some of the hyper-partisanship they experienced during their years in Congress.

Good-government groups have been pushing for states to turn over their redistricting process to non-partisan—or at least truly bipartisan—commissions as a way to keep politicians from “picking their voters” rather than the other way around. This past June, the Supreme Court gave a boost to these efforts by upholding the congressional map drawn by an independent commission in Arizona that had been created through a successful ballot initiative. The Republican-controlled state legislature had tried to invalidate the commission's map by arguing that the Constitution vested the power to draw districts in the legislature’s hands, not the voters’. In a 5-4 opinion written by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, the high court sided with the voter-empowered commission. A dozen states, including California, currently use some form of a commission to draw districts, and New York will turn to one after the 2020 Census. According to NYU’s Brennan Center for Justice, there are “serious reform efforts” underway in an additional nine states. Given the intense interest state legislators have in keeping power over redistricting both on the local and federal level, even reform advocates acknowledge it is difficult to see the total elimination of partisan gerrymandering across the country anytime soon. As for whether redistricting commissions actually lead to less polarization, that answer also is likely a long way off. When California implemented its new map in 2012, there was a big increase in turnover in the state’s congressional delegation. But it will take a while to assess whether those new legislators are any less partisan or more accountable to their constituents than their predecessors.

It’s the parties themselves that are the problem. They were never supposed to have this much influence over elections. More and more voters consider themselves independent, but in many district and statewide elections in heavily Republican or Democratic areas, the only race that matters is the primary, and independent voters often find themselves shut out. Every state should follow the California and Nebraska model and adopt non-partisan elections, which empower more voters earlier in the electoral process. Would non-partisan elections, in place of party primaries, re-empower the political center by engaging more independent voters? That’s the argument from the advocates behind Open Primaries, a group that is pushing states nationwide to replicate the models in California, which went to a “top-two” primary system in 2012, and Nebraska, which has had a non-partisan state legislature since 1936. “Top-two” or “jungle primaries” are tailor-made for districts or states that are dominated by one party. In those elections, whether in deep-red rural areas or heavily-liberal urban districts, often the party primary is the only competitive race, and the general election becomes a one-sided affair. If the primaries are reserved only for registered Republicans or Democrats, independents are effectively shut out of the voting process, and the election becomes a race to the right or left, and rarely the center. The idea behind creating a top-two primary that’s open to everyone is that voters would have two opportunities to legitimately weigh in. And in districts or states where two members of the same party end up going up against each other, it would force them to compete in the general election for the votes of the entire electorate, not just the party base.

Advocates hold up Nebraska as an exemplar, citing the fact that even though it’s a conservative state, its non-partisan legislature has been able to reach agreement on bills to raise the gas tax, abolish the death penalty, and give driver’s licenses to undocumented immigrants—policies that would be unthinkable in many Republican-dominated states. There are now efforts to enact non-partisan elections through ballot initiatives in Arizona and South Dakota, although supporters acknowledge that the idea hasn’t yet gained much support in Congress or reached a tipping point in many other states. And opponents argue that non-partisan elections would disproportionately benefit wealthy candidates who want to circumvent the party system, as Michael Bloomberg did when he was elected mayor of New York and promptly tried—and failed—to implement non-partisan elections in the city. The solution is automatic voter registration, or even compulsory voting like they have in Australia. Would more engagement decrease polarization? It’s possible. One big critique of the current state of politics is that because such a low percentage of people typically vote, those that do hold more power, and they are more likely to be either very liberal or very conservative. This is especially true in party primaries, which often determine the winner in lopsided states and districts and in which the most motivated people are likeliest to vote. Oregon and California have enacted laws to automatically register people who have driver’s licenses and who are otherwise eligible to vote. Hillary Clinton has endorsed the policy nationally. Why Americans Are So Polarized: Education and Evolution Two Versions of America Emerge in the Presidential Campaign In Australia, eligible citizens are required to vote and can face a fine or a court date if they don’t. Not surprisingly, the turnout rate there is more than 95 percent. In a 2010 policy paper, William Galston of the Brookings Institution recommended that states experiment with compulsory voting as a way to reduce polarization and force candidates to appeal to a broader electorate. Needless to say, that is unlikely to happen in the United States on a large scale anytime soon. Even the push for universal registration, with the potential to opt out, has drawn opposition from Republicans who argue that people shouldn’t be forced to participate if they don’t want to.

There is also skepticism among conservatives that the effort is more about Democrats trying to increase voting among minority and young voters, who tend to lean their way and who vote less frequently than older, white citizens. Let’s be honest. The real issue isn’t gerrymandering or the parties: It’s money. The influence of wealthy donors has only gotten more pronounced over the years, and the Supreme Court’s 2010 ruling in the Citizens United case only tilted the scales even more in the direction of corporations and billionaires. We need to overturn Citizens United and fully adopt public financing of elections. Isn’t money the root of all that’s wrong in politics today? Do we have any hope of reducing polarization if we can’t get rid of the corrupting influence of money? There’s no denying that politics is awash in money: The presidential campaign is now a billion-dollar industry, and it takes millions of dollars to win races for governor, senator, and even some for the House. The Citizens United decision allowed wealthy interests to spend unlimited sums of money to run ads in support of or in opposition to candidates, and the result has been an even greater flood of negative ads on television around election time. Yet while there are legitimate concerns about candidates being beholden to the billionaires supporting them, money in politics doesn’t flow entirely in the direction of polarization. Take Bloomberg, for example: Inarguably, the billionaire businessman would not have been mayor of New York without the tens of millions he spent to win his elections. But he is seen as a centrist figure in politics and has spent money on the national level decrying partisanship and dysfunction (even though he has taken partisan positions on certain issues, like guns and climate change).

Big-business groups like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce also spend large sums of money to influence elections. But while the Chamber ardently opposes Obamacare and environmental regulations costly to industry, it sides with the establishment against the Tea Party in other areas and has spent heavily to back compromises on things like infrastructure bills and immigration reform. Money may tip the scales in favor of corporate interests and the whims of the wealthy, but that doesn’t always benefit the extremes. In the end, there may not be any one-shot solutions or simple answers. The present degree of political polarization didn’t arise overnight, and seems unlikely to dissipate that quickly, either. But even if they don’t solve the entirety of the problem, many voters are drawn to particular solutions—and there’s evidence that some can make at least an incremental difference. These are some of the intriguing questions left to consider: What does the shocking popularity of Donald Trump say about political polarization? Is his success a reflection of a deep split, or does it actually transcend polarization because he is winning support among Republican voters despite having so many positions that contradict conservative orthodoxy? If the Republican Party really does split this summer, what are the chances of a viable third-party or independent candidacy, and what impact could that have on political polarization? Beyond this election, is the creation of a viable third party or centrist movement another possible solution to polarization? Is polarization strictly a national problem? Does the fact that we see more bipartisanship in state government offer hope that polarization in Washington will begin to soften? On what issues are Americans—and their elected representatives—actually not polarized? What are the remaining areas of consensus? Maybe there’s an answer we haven’t considered yet. Drop your thoughts into an email to hello@theatlantic.com.",1
1128,Democratic debate: 5 takeaways - Politics.com,"Miami (CNN) There were few softballs Wednesday night for Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.

Clinton was asked whether she lied about Benghazi, whether she might be indicted over her emails and why she's seen as so untrustworthy. Sanders was pressed on comments he made in the mid-1980s about Fidel Castro and pushed to defend his 2007 vote against an immigration reform bill.

One day after Sanders' stunning win in Michigan, both candidates were on their game in their only debate before next Tuesday's critical votes in Florida, Ohio, Illinois and North Carolina.

Here are five takeaways from Wednesday night's debate, hosted by Univision and The Washington Post:

No more middle ground on immigration

Clinton and Sanders both broke with the Obama White House and pledged to halt the deportations of undocumented immigrants who don't have criminal records.

""I can make that promise,"" Sanders said.

""I do not want to see them deported. I want to see them on a path to citizenship. That is exactly what I will do,"" Clinton said.

And both candidates dismissed Donald Trump's proposal to build a ""big, beautiful wall"" along the U.S.-Mexico border as bluster.

""As I understand him, he's talking about a very tall wall -- a beautiful tall wall, better than the Great Wall of China,"" Clinton said. ""It's just fantasy.""

It exposed a huge divide between the two parties: The Republican front-runner wants mass deportations. The Democratic contenders want no deportations at all. There's no middle ground anymore.

The evaporation of any sort of common ground on the issue of immigration helps explain the political plight of Republican candidates who have supported comprehensive reform measures, like Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and the departed South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush.

It also underscores why 2016's election is so much about motivating each party's base, rather than appealing to voters in the middle. The center didn't hold.

It was just days ago that Clinton, riding a wave of Super Tuesday victories, was dropping her attacks on Sanders, looking for ways to appeal to his supporters and casting her eyes on Republicans -- particularly Donald Trump.

If she'd pivoted into general election mode, she went right back to the primary on Wednesday night.

On the heels of her loss in Michigan, Clinton was set on attacking Sanders on every question -- and most of the time, Sanders gave her the clash she wanted.

Clinton cast Sanders as an enemy of liberal icon Ted Kennedy, noting that he'd voted ""against Ted Kennedy's immigration reform which he'd been working on for years before you ever arrived.""

She hit him for opposing the auto bailout, even though fact-checkers had already pointed out that attack amounted to cherry-picking one item out of a much larger bank bailout bill -- using that issue to frame Sanders as someone so rigid in his ideology that he can't get things done.

""I'll tell you, it was a hard vote. A lot of the votes you make are hard votes,"" Clinton said. ""But the fact is the money that rescued the auto industry was in that bill.""

It was all a reminder that the Democratic presidential contest might not be anywhere near its end. Next Tuesday -- when Florida, North Carolina, Ohio, Illinois and Missouri vote -- was the day Clinton hoped to knock Sanders out. Now, Sanders poses a serious threat across the Midwest.

Sure, both candidates took their shots at Trump. Clinton called him ""un-American"" and Sanders called him someone who ""insults Mexicans, who insults Muslims, who insults women, who insults African-Americans.""

But Clinton's strategy was all about taking down Sanders.

Clinton made an unusually frank admission when she was pressed on why so many Americans find her untrustworthy.

""I am not a natural politician, in case you haven't noticed, like my husband and President Obama. So I have a view that I have to do the best I can,"" Clinton said, adding that she hopes ""people will see I am fighting for them.""

It was an effective moment -- an introspective acknowledgment from a politician who has struggled to project authenticity.

And it came right on the heels of a touching moment between Clinton and a woman who had discussed her hardships after her undocumented husband was deported.

""Please know how brave I think you are, coming here with your children to tell your story. This is an incredible act of courage that I'm not sure many people really understand. And I want you to know that,"" Clinton said.

It wasn't Bill Clinton personalizing the national debt in a 1992 debate by talking about the people he knows who have lost jobs. But Hillary Clinton doesn't necessarily need that knack for making the audience feel a struggling American's pain the way her husband did. She just has to make sure her economic message connects.

When Clinton attacks, she lays out a detailed, point-by-point case on why Sanders was wrong -- as if she were delivering the audience a PowerPoint presentation.

And then Sanders just changes the subject.

The simplicity of his overall message, and the skillfulness with which he deploys it when he's under attack, makes it difficult to land an effective blow on the Vermont senator.

For the second straight Democratic debate, Clinton tried to hit Sanders for opposing the Export-Import Bank -- noting that he'd broken from Democrats and joined with hardline conservatives and Koch brothers-backed groups in voting to abolish it.

His rebuttal? ""It is corporate welfare, and yes, I oppose corporate welfare.""

She attacked his support for a Medicare-for-all health insurance system, arguing that Sanders' idea is too pie-in-the-sky and that Democrats just won a hard-fought battle for Obamacare.

""What Secretary Clinton is saying is that the United States should continue to be the only major country on earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all of its people,"" Sanders shot back, getting the crowd roaring with a rant about prescription drug companies' hold on Capitol Hill.

It's not just a stylistic difference. Sanders' policy positions are uncompromising and Clinton's aren't.

Sanders showed what an asset that can be on the debate stage for most of the night -- and then what a liability it can be, if not among Democrats then in the general election, in the closing minutes.

He was shown a video of himself in the 1980s and asked about the differences between socialism and communism. Sanders answered that he was opposing U.S. intervention in Latin America.

The episode opened the door for an attack from Clinton's campaign over Sanders' refusal to disavow the Castros -- whom he had praised decades earlier -- and served as a reminder that his activist past is fertile ground for attacks.

It was the most tedious unloading of opposition research on a presidential debate stage yet this year.

The candidates even seemed to sense it -- tip-toeing into their attacks initially before throwing their best punches.

Clinton hit Sanders for his vote against a 2007 comprehensive immigration reform bill.

""Just think -- imagine where we would be today if we had achieved comprehensive immigration reform nine years ago. Imagine how much more secure families would be in our country no longer fearing the deportation of a loved one, no longer fearing that they would be found out,"" she said.

Sanders responded by blasting that 2007 measure's guest worker provisions, saying that workers were abused ""and if they stood up for their rights, they would be thrown out of the country. Of course that type of effort leads to a race to the bottom for all of our people.""

He also hit Clinton for opposing driver's licenses for undocumented immigrants, and Clinton hit Sanders for voting in 2006 to protect a vigilante border group, the ""Minutemen.""

It felt like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -- famous for bashing his Senate colleagues' tussles over the exact details of bills and amendments on the Republican debate stage -- might have been about to dart onto stage to shout them both down.

Their debates about old bills were all beside the point when it comes to where the candidates stand in 2016. They largely agree on immigration-related issues. In fact, their real target within the Democratic Party is Obama, who's been much more aggressive about deporting undocumented immigrants than Sanders and Clinton say they'd be.",1
4513,France launches fierce assault on ISIS targets in Syria,"French warplanes launched a ferocious retaliatory assault late Sunday on targets in Raqqa, Syria — the Islamic State’s de facto capital — after coordination with U.S. defense officials who helped with the targeting.

The French Defense Ministry said that 10 aircraft dropped 20 bombs on facilities used by the militant group, which has claimed responsibility for Friday’s terrorist attacks in Paris, striking a command center, a militant-training facility and an arms depot.

Opposition activists reached in Raqqa said they counted at least 30 bombs, which they said had hit, among other things, a soccer stadium, a museum and medical facilities. They said the strikes had knocked out electricity in the city of about 200,000 people.

The French statement said the operation, launched from bases in the United Arab Emirates and Jordan, was conducted in coordination with U.S. forces, which have compiled an extensive target list in Raqqa. American officials, speaking at the Group of 20 summit here that President Obama is attending, said the French operation was discussed between the two militaries, as well as in telephone calls Saturday and Sunday between Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter and his French counterpart.

U.S. planes have repeatedly struck in and around Raqqa, in north-central Syria, in recent months.

In Iraq on Sunday, Foreign Minister Ibrahim al-Jafari said Iraqi intelligence had obtained information before the Paris attacks that the Islamic State was planning an imminent terrorist strike overseas that may have been aimed “in particular” at France, the United States and Iran.

“We notified these countries and warned them,” Jafari said in a statement, which did not include specifics of when the Iraqis acquired the information. U.S. intelligence officials did not confirm the report.

Administration officials said the United States would not alter its strategy against the Islamic State in response to the Paris attacks, despite evidence that the terrorist group was expanding its ability to hit Western targets. In recent weeks, Obama has approved the escalation of airstrikes in Syria and Iraq and has authorized the deployment of 50 Special Operations troops to assist Syrian Kurdish and Arab forces pushing toward Raqqa.

Officials said that, in response to the attacks in Paris, the administration was seeking renewed global commitment to that intensified military action, and to a negotiated settlement of Syria’s civil war.

France’s retaliation came as Obama held talks with allied leaders and with Russian President Vladi­mir Putin at the summit being held in this Turkish Mediterranean resort city.

Obama vowed again on Sunday to help France hunt down the perpetrators of the attacks. Deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes said Obama agreed with French President François Hollande that the rampage, which killed at least 132 and wounded more than 350, was an “act of war.” But he and others disputed suggestions from Republicans that Obama, who said in an interview last week that the U.S.-led coalition had contained the Islamic State, has consistently underestimated the adversary.

[Manhunt in Europe for at least 1 suspect ‘directly involved’ in Paris attacks]

The president was referring to recent setbacks for the militant group on the battlefield in Iraq, Rhodes told reporters. The Islamic State, also known as ISIS, ISIL and Daesh, a derogatory term in Arabic, has long harbored ambitions to sow bloodshed farther from its home base in Syria, he said, emphasizing that Obama has been realistic that the fight would be long and difficult.

“It’s the manifestation of what has been the ambition of ISIL for some time now — to conduct attacks beyond Iraq and Syria,” Rhodes said. “The president indicated when he launched the counter-ISIL strike campaign that he knew ISIL had those ambitions, which is why we have always focused on the threat of foreign fighters.”

The highly coordinated assaults on several locations in Paris on Friday evening have shaken the gathering of global leaders here. The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attacks, which intelligence officials said were carried out by three teams of terrorists affiliated with the extremist group.

The attacks prompted Hollande to declare that France would lead a “merciless” fight against the Islamic State, a move that could increase pressure on the Obama administration to take stronger actions to ensure that the Islamic State cannot attack the United States directly.

GOP leaders, including some presidential candidates, have faulted Obama’s strategy as too limited to contain the Islamic State. The Paris attacks, along with the recent bombing of a Russian commercial plane claimed by the group, have thrust the administration’s approach in the Middle East into the 2016 campaign for the White House.

Democratic front-runner Hillary Rodham Clinton, who served as secretary of state in Obama’s first term, has struggled to articulate how she would deal with the threats. Republican presidential hopeful Jeb Bush said in an interview on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that the United States “should declare war and harness all of the power the U.S. can bring to bear.”

[In Paris, a soccer game, an Asian dinner, a concert — and then terror]

After a meeting with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the summit host, Obama said that the attacks in Paris, and last month in Ankara, were attacks “on the civilized world,” and that the United States would “stand in solidarity” with the victims in “hunting down the perpetrators of this crime and bringing them to justice.”

Rhodes emphasized that the attacks did not change the White House’s reluctance to establish a massive ground force of U.S. troops in the region, saying the administration remains confident that it can push back the Islamic State by relying on local forces it is training and advising in Iraq and Syria, along with punishing airstrikes.

“The further introduction of U.S. troops to fully re-engage in ground combat in the Middle East is not the way to deal with this challenge,” Rhodes said.

In Vienna on Saturday, diplomats from the region and from Europe, the United States and Russia agreed to press the various factions they back in Syria’s civil war to come together no later than Jan. 1 to begin talks on forming a transitional government.

Once that process starts, participants agreed, they will support a U.N.-monitored cease-fire between forces of President Bashar al-Assad, backed by Russia and Iran, and a wide array of rebel groups variously backed by the United States, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and others.

[Coordinated assault seems to mark new chapter in terrorism]

The administration has said that settling the ongoing civil war would allow global competitors to focus on defeating the Islamic State in both Syria and Iraq.

The Paris attacks, Rhodes said, “can serve to create a greater sense of urgency in the international community behind supporting various elements of the counter-ISIL campaign and support for a diplomatic resolution of the Syrian conflict.”

Obama met with Putin on the sidelines of the summit. White House officials said that they spoke for 35 minutes and that the discussion “centered around ongoing efforts to resolve the conflict in Syria, an imperative made all the more urgent by the horrifying terrorist attacks in Paris,” and on the “diplomatic progress” achieved in Vienna. While the United States has insisted that Assad must relinquish power, Russia, Assad’s main backer, has bombed rebel forces in a bid to help him remain in control.

Obama and Putin were joined in their meeting, held in the lounge area of a hotel conference center, by U.S. national security adviser Susan E. Rice and a man who appeared to be an interpreter. A closed-circuit video feed showed them sitting around a coffee table, with Obama leaning forward in his chair and talking intently with Putin, who was also leaning in, as other world leaders milled about.

The president also met here with Saudi Arabia’s King Salman.

In Brussels, NATO dropped the flags of its 28 member nations to half-staff to honor the French dead. NATO officials said that France so far has declined to invoke the alliance’s Article 5, which would oblige all members to join its fight against the militants.

The only time Article 5 has ever been invoked — at the request of the United States — was after the September 2001 al-Qaeda attacks.

“We support the French authorities in their determination to deal with the terrorist threat,” a NATO official said Sunday, “and a number of allies are already working with France on their ongoing operations and investigations in the wake of the attacks.”

Loveday Morris in Dahuk, Iraq, and Hugh Naylor in Beirut contributed to this report.",1
4387,Huckabee: Resisting the Supreme Court on gay marriage?,"NEW YORK — Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, a likely contender for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination and a leading voice for Christian conservatives, said Thursday that governors and state legislatures should consider ways to resist a Supreme Court decision that recognized same-sex marriage as a constitutional right.

On USA TODAY's Capital Download, Huckabee likened such a possible decision, on an issue now being weighed by the high court, to the notorious Dred Scott case before the Civil War that ruled African Americans couldn't be citizens. Pushing back against such an opinion ""is not without historical and judicial precedence,"" he said in an interview promoting his new book, God, Guns, Grits, and Gravy, published Wednesday by St. Martin's Press.

If he were still governor, he said, ""I think I would put it before the legislature. I mean, we would ask, 'We have a constitutional amendment in our constitution. Do we want to hold to that? Do we want to put it before a referendum of the people?' I mean, there are a lot of different angles to pursue it. (Or) you could just surrender and say, 'OK, we just agree that the court is right.' ""

Whatever the legal basis for Huckabee's stance — and constitutional scholars question whether there is one — as a political matter his fervent opposition all but guarantees that the issue of gay marriage will be prominent in the GOP presidential debate. While other leading contenders also oppose gay marriage, some of them, including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, have said court decisions recognizing the right make it a settled question.

""Rather than just immediately capitulate to nine people in robes, and what it will probably be is five people in robes against four people who disagree ... then you have a very, very divided court,"" he told the weekly newsmaker series. ""Do we really surrender the entire American system of government to five people, unelected, appointed for life, with no consequences for the decisions they make? The founders never intended for there to be such incredible, almost unlimited power, put in the hands of so few people.""

However, Erwin Chemerinsky, dean of the University of California Law School, Irvine, said states would have no options if the Supreme Court decided that laws prohibiting same-sex marriage violated the Constitution.

""There have been efforts by states to circumvent or ignore Supreme Court decisions, most notably the intense Southern resistance to Brown v. Board of Education and desegregation,"" Chemerinsky said. ""The Supreme Court made it clear that its ruling was the law of the land. This will be no different.""

The issue has been joined, he noted. ""Already, marriage equality exists in 36 states, mostly because of court decisions, and there has not been the type of resistance Huckabee suggests.""

Still, it is a sign of Huckabee's appeal to the evangelical Christians who are among the GOP's most loyal voters that his new book immediately shot to No. 1 in sales among political books on Amazon and into the top 100 among books of all sorts. In his folksy, conversational style, he unfavorably contrasts New York, Los Angeles and Washington, D.C. — places he dubs ""Bubble-ville"" — with those from the heartland, which he dubs ""Bubba-ville.""

At one point in the book, he discussed how ""goooood"" it is to eat game. ""I'm sorry if that sounds cruel to any vegan readers,"" he added. ""(And are there any? Raise your hands, if you have the strength.)""

In the interview, Huckabee also:

• Acknowledged he was likely to make his second bid for the White House. He also ran in 2008. ""If everything continues to work well and I sense that there is, say, the proper financial and political support, then I think it's a given that that's where the destination is.""

• Predicted former president Bill Clinton would be an asset to his wife, Hillary Rodham Clinton, if she runs for the Democratic nomination. ""I mean, he had a good presidency. I'm a Republican but I admire good governing.""

• Dismissed as overblown a furor over comments in his new book criticizing Beyonce and Jay-Z for using sexually explicit lyrics, and the president and first lady for allowing their daughters to listen to them. ""I do think they're good parents,"" he said of the Obamas, adding he has some of Beyonce's songs on his iPhone. ""She's an incredibly gifted singer and dancer. She doesn't need to get into the vulgar in order to be successful and influential.""

He also denied charges of hypocrisy, leveled this week by Jon Stewart in a combative interview on The Daily Show, because he had played bass backing up rocker Ted Nugent as he sang ""Cat Scratch Fever,"" a song with sexually suggestive lyrics of its own.

• Discussed reports that the FBI had decided not to pursue civil-rights charges in the police shooting in Ferguson, Mo., saying the Justice Department would have proceeded if it could have found any standing to do so. ""It was obvious that (Attorney General) Eric Holder wanted to be able to bring charges,"" he said. ""It was almost evident from the beginning that he was hoping that they would be able to find some way to indict or bring some charges against officer Darren Wilson.""

Now, he said, ""I hope that (civil rights activist and MSNBC anchor) Al Sharpton will have a rally and apologize for having incited so many people to actions that were hurtful to the people of Ferguson, hurtful to many minority business owners whose businesses were burned and looted because passions were inflamed.""",1
2734,Another Brian Williams Story Comes Into Question,"As the Washington Post points out, Williams told two different versions of a story about covering the 2006 Israel-Hezbollah War. In one interview, he said he was nearly hit by rockets while flying in a helicopter over northern Israel. However, when he had originally written about the experience, that detail never came up. In fact, he only described activity that occurred nowhere near his helicopter.

He also told the Daily Show that rockets were ""1,500 feet beneath us.""

Amidst a media firestorm, NBC is investigating Williams' Iraq coverage and his Peabody Award-winning coverage of Hurricane Katrina in 2005. Williams is taking a temporary leave of absence from the network, and cancelled a planned appearance on CBS' ""Late Show with David Letterman.""

Other anecdotes Williams has told over the years are getting the magnifying glass treatment as well, including a tale he repeatedly shared about being mugged at gunpoint back in the 1970s.

During a 2005 story in Esquire and a profile in New Jersey Monthly three years later, Williams talked about how he was robbed while selling Christmas trees out of the back of a truck to help a church in Red Bank, N.J. However, longtime residents say they doubt the story is true.

“I find it hard to believe anyone was held up in this area in the ’70s. It was very safe,"" Danny Murphy, former owner of Danny's restaurant, told Pagesix.com. ""I doubt he was robbed at gunpoint,"" Les Carbone, 85, told The Daily Mail. ""I was born in Red Bank, there were no crimes like that. Tell Brian Williams to stop lying.'",1
3332,Why Hillary Clinton is unlikely to be indicted over her private email server,"For those of you salivating — or trembling — at the thought of Hillary Clinton being clapped in handcuffs as she prepares to deliver her acceptance speech at the Democratic convention this summer: deep, cleansing breath. Based on the available facts and the relevant precedents, criminal prosecution of Clinton for mishandling classified information in her emails is extraordinarily unlikely.

My exasperation with Clinton’s use of a private email server while secretary of state is long-standing and unabated. Lucky for her, political idiocy is not criminal.

“There are plenty of unattractive facts but not a lot of clear evidence of criminality, and we tend to forget the distinction,” American University law professor Stephen Vladeck, an expert on prosecutions involving classified information, told me. “This is really just a political firestorm, not a criminal case.”

Could a clever law student fit the fact pattern into a criminal violation? Sure. Would a responsible federal prosecutor pursue it? Hardly — absent new evidence, based on my conversations with experts in such prosecutions.

There are two main statutory hooks. Title 18, Section 1924, a misdemeanor, makes it a crime for a government employee to “knowingly remove” classified information “without authority and with the intent to retain such documents or materials at an unauthorized location.”

Prosecutors used this provision in securing a guilty plea from former CIA director David H. Petraeus, who was sentenced to probation and fined $100,000. But there are key differences between Petraeus and Clinton.

Petraeus clearly knew the material he provided to Paula Broadwell was classified and that she was not authorized to view it. “Highly classified . . . code word stuff in there,” he told her. He lied to FBI agents, the kind of behavior that tends to inflame prosecutors.

In Clinton’s case, by contrast, there is no clear evidence that Clinton knew (or even should have known) that the material in her emails was classified. Second, it is debatable whether her use of the private server constituted removal or retention of material. Finally, the aggravating circumstance of false statements to federal agents is, as far as we know, absent.

The government used the same statute in 2005 against former national security adviser Sandy Berger, who was sentenced to probation and fined $50,000. Here, too, the conduct was more evidently egregious than what the public record shows about Clinton’s. Berger, at the National Archives preparing for the 9/11 investigations, twice took copies of a classified report out of the building, hiding the documents in his clothes.

For Clinton, the worst public fact involves a 2011 email exchange with aide Jake Sullivan. When she has trouble receiving a secure fax, Clinton instructs Sullivan to “turn [it] into nonpaper [with] no identifying heading and send nonsecure.” But Clinton has said she was not asking for classified information. In any event, it does not appear her instructions were followed.

Another possible prosecutorial avenue involves the Espionage Act. Section 793(d) makes it a felony if a person entrusted with “information relating to the national defense” “willfully communicates, delivers [or] transmits” it to an unauthorized person. That might be a stretch given the “willfully” requirement.

Section 793(f) covers a person with access to “national defense” information who through “gross negligence permits the same to be removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of his trust.” The government has used the “gross negligence” provision to prosecute a Marine sergeant who accidentally put classified documents in his gym bag, then hid them in his garage rather than returning them, and an Air Force sergeant who put classified material in a Dumpster so he could get home early.

The argument here would be that Clinton engaged in such “gross negligence” by transferring information she knew or should have known was classified from its “proper place” onto her private server, or by sharing it with someone not authorized to receive it. Yet, as the Supreme Court has said, “gross negligence” is a “nebulous” term. Especially in the criminal context, it would seem to require conduct more like throwing classified materials into a Dumpster than putting them on a private server that presumably had security protections.

My point here isn’t to praise Clinton’s conduct. She shouldn’t have been using the private server for official business in the first place. It’s certainly possible she was cavalier about discussing classified material on it; that would be disturbing but she wouldn’t be alone, especially given rampant over-classification.

The handling of the emails is an entirely legitimate subject for FBI investigation. That’s a far cry from an indictable offense.

Read more from Ruth Marcus’s archive, follow her on Twitter or subscribe to her updates on Facebook.",1
1941,"As Hillary Clinton heads to Iowa, 5 questions she'll face","DES MOINES, Iowa —True-blue Democratic activists at a party fundraising dinner Friday night were positively giddy to have two possible presidential contenders there live and in person — Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb — and their frontrunner, Hillary Clinton, ready to dive into the race.

But they've got plenty of questions on their minds for Clinton, who kicked off her campaign Sunday, and her potential challengers for the Democratic nomination. Here's what they had to say in interviews with The Des Moines Register at the Polk County Democrats' Spring Dinner:

1. WILL CLINTON START TO STAND FOR SOMETHING?

It has been nearly eight years since Clinton campaigned here, and no one knows what to expect, said many of the activists gathered at a labor union hall in Des Moines.

They're wondering: Has she grown into a more conservative Democrat over the years? Or will she take cues from ultra-left heartthrob Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and have the guts to stand tall on progressive issues? Will she have what it takes to capture the aspirations of the people?

""I'm a Hillary supporter, but I haven't closed my mind to say, 'It's Hillary or nobody,'"" said Joan Thorup, a Des Moines Beaverdale resident who has already met O'Malley three times. ""Things may have changed since the last time I saw her on the campaign trail.""

Several union members taking a smoke break outside the United Auto Workers hall where the dinner was held said the last time they heard Clinton speak, at the Harkin Steak Fry in September, she said nothing substantive.

Asked how she can reignite a blaze of passion in Iowa, Earl Agan Jr. answered, ""I don't think she can."" He's business manager for the Operative Plasterers & Cement Masons' International Association Local No. 21 and Area 561 Iowa. ""We've had too many Clintons and Bushes. I won't vote for her.""

Agan blanches at news reports about Clinton's family foundation accepting millions of dollars from Middle Eastern countries known for violence against women, sex discrimination and other human rights abuses. ""It doesn't play well,"" he said.

But several of Agan's fellow labor activists said if Clinton gives some home-run speeches detailing how she'd deal with income inequality, she could win allegiance.

Other Iowa Democrats said they're confident that the corporate marketing geniuses who have taken leaves of absence from their high-powered jobs to help the Clinton campaign will know how to refresh an older brand.

2. WHAT WILL THE DIVIDING LINES BE?

What tack can possible Democratic challengers like former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley and former senator Jim Webb of Virginia take to successfully pry Iowa voters away from Clinton?

""I'm not sure how they'll draw distinctions,"" Patty Judge, a former lieutenant governor, said after listening to both men's speeches. ""They're both great guys, and they both have a great story to tell, but how they're going to distinguish themselves, I don't know.""

Several Democrats, describing the economy and personal prosperity as base issues, said the dividing line will be ideas for championing the middle class. Some have voiced misgivings about Clinton's corporate connections, said Rick Smith, an Urbandale-based Democrat known as a super-activist.

Other Democrats said they'll be hunting for the contender who's most fierce on climate change.

Another likely litmus test will be the Iraq war and what Clinton says about dealing with the Islamic State and the instability it has spawned. Some anti-war Iowans will never forgive Clinton for her ""yes"" vote 12 years ago in favor of going to war in Iraq, several activists said.

And the general election may well turn on foreign policy, Smith predicted.

In Webb's Iowa speech Friday night, his refrain was that he took principled stances. It wasn't easy to be one of the earliest to say the Iraq war was wrong, he said. But five months before the vote, he wrote a guest piece for the Washington Post saying the war was going to be a ""strategic blunder,"" he said.

3. WILL ANY LABORERS MIGRATE TO THE GOP?

A moderate GOP presidential candidate who supports construction of projects like the Keystone XL and Bakken pipelines could attract Democratic building trades workers tired of the Big Environmental lobby blocking projects that could put Iowa laborers to work.

Several union members told the Register that the reality is that the United States isn't going to divest from oil, and they believe the country can have pipelines and a clean environment at the same time.

O'Malley opposes the Keystone line and told the Register he didn't know details about the Bakken line, which would cross Iowa, but likely opposes it. Clinton has yet to fully explain her position on the Keystone pipeline. Webb is a proponent of it.

Iowa activists are also worried that Republicans will out-Democrat the Democrats with compelling populist ideas. Republicans will argue that the GOP can best help working people improve their lives.

""I often hear people say there's no difference in the parties. I try not to get mad but say, 'Can we talk'?"" Smith told the dinner audience.

4. WILL CLINTON ENGAGE IN A REAL BATTLE WITH FELLOW DEMOCRATS?

Every activist the Register interviewed at the dinner proclaimed joy that O'Malley and Webb appear on the cusp of presidential bids. They also still hope Warren and Vermont U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders run, partly to pull Clinton to the left.

""I'm open to them all,"" said Desmund Adams, a Clive businessman. ""I don't think the passion is connected to the candidate. The passion is connected to the politics.""

""Folks want to see a Democrat win. That's what pays the bills,"" said Adams, who has launched an exploratory committee as he considers running for Congress in Iowa's 3rd District.

Several Democrats said they will be watching to see whether Clinton engages in a real battle with her challengers, rather than ignoring them or pussy-footing around them with kind words.

5. WILL CLINTON SHOUT DOWN THE GOP?

Not only do Iowa Democrats want a vigorous Democrat-on-Democrat fight for the caucuses, they want to see their presidential contenders play hard with the GOP, hitting back with satisfying, quotable one-liners.

""We cannot let them get away with these misstatements, these constant misstatements of the facts,"" Smith said.

Des Moines Democrat Sophia Douglas noted Republicans' furor over Clinton using a private email server as secretary of State, which has thwarted public scrutiny of her messages. After dealing with plenty of ""faux scandals"" like that, she said, ""The Clintons should know better by now.""

Douglas said the GOP battle cry over the Benghazi, Libya, terrorist attacks that killed four Americans didn't seem to rattle Clinton. ""I loved how she was looking at them like, 'I can eat you for breakfast, lunch and dinner,'"" Douglas said. ""She knows how to throw a punch, and she knows how to take a punch.""

When Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker goes on his anti-labor rants, the Iowa activists said they want their candidates to stand up to him and explain to Iowans how repugnant that is.

And they're fed up with the GOP contenders dominating the newspaper headlines and airwaves.

""It drives me crazy,"" said Jerry Tormey, an Urbandale Democrat. ""We're not getting equal time. and they're saying such ludicrous stuff. So we need Hillary.

""And we need Martin O'Malley,"" Tormey added. ""And we need Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders.""",1
3392,State Department says Netanyahu twisted Kerry's words in speech to Congress,"The State Department accused Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of taking congressional testimony by Secretary of State John Kerry out of context in Netanyahu's address to a joint meeting of Congress Tuesday.

In a statement released early Wednesday, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki quoted in full an article written on the website FactCheck.org that claimed certain remarks made by Netanyahu about Iran's nuclear program ""misrepresented what Kerry had said"" in testimony before the House Foreign Affairs Committee Feb. 25.

In his address, Netanyahu said Kerry had disclosed that Iran could ""legitimately possess"" 190,000 centrifuges for the enrichment of uranium by the time a deal designed to restrict Iran's nuclear capability for a decade would expire. The Israeli leader, who referred to Kerry as ""my long-time friend"" in his speech, said that amount of centrifuges could put Iran ""weeks away from having enough enriched uranium for an entire arsenal of nuclear weapons and this with full international legitimacy.""

However, the FactCheck.org article circulated by Psaki noted that Kerry had only said that a peaceful nuclear power program could use that same number of centrifuges.

""[I]f you have a civilian power plant that’s producing power legitimately and not a threat to proliferation, you could have as many as 190,000 or more centrifuges,"" Kerry told committee members.

Later in his speech, Netanyahu described the proposed agreement as one that ""doesn't block Iran's path to the bomb; it paves Iran's path to the bomb.

""So why would anyone make this deal?"" the prime minister asked. ""Because they hope that Iran will change for the better in the coming years, or they believe that the alternative to this deal is worse? Well, I disagree.""

The State Department statement was the latest salvo in an ongoing war of words that marked the run-up to Netanyahu's address and climaxed with harsh criticism for the Israeli leader from congressional Democrats, including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, who branded the speech an ""insult to the intelligence of the United States.""

President Obama himself told reporters Tuesday afternoon that he didn't watch Netanyahu's address but read the transcript and it contained ""nothing new."" Obama claimed the prime minister did not offer any ""viable alternatives"" to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon.

As Netanyahu spoke Tuesday, Kerry was holding a three-hour negotiating session with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif in the Swiss resort of Montreux in hopes of completing an international framework agreement to curb Tehran's nuclear program. However, in that same Feb. 25 hearing, Kerry said Netanyahu ""may have a judgment that just may not be correct here"" in initially opposing an interim agreement reached this past November.

Negotiators from the so-called P5+1 countries, a group which includes the U.S., Britain, Russia, China, Germany, and France, are scrambling to meet a March 31 deadline to finalize the framework of a permanent deal, with a July deadline for a final agreement.

During his speech, Netanyahu urged negotiators to keep pressuring with economic sanctions because Tehran needs the deal most.

""Now, if Iran threatens to walk away from the table — and this often happens in a Persian bazaar — call their bluff,"" Netanyahu said. ""They'll be back, because they need the deal a lot more than you do.""

In a sign that Netanyahu's speech was resonating outside the chamber of the House of Representatives, Zarif decried comments that President Barack Obama made on Monday — as part of an administration-wide effort to push back on the Israeli's criticism — in which he said that Iran would have to suspend its nuclear activities for at least a decade as part of any final agreement.

Zarif, in a statement quoted by Iran's official news agency IRNA, said Obama's remarks were ""unacceptable and threatening,"" aimed at attracting U.S. public opinion while reacting to Netanyahu ""and other extremist opponents of the talks.""

For his part, Kerry told reporters Tuesday that both sides were ""working away, productively.""

The Associated Press contributed to this report.",1
4241,"'It's getting harder every day,' Rubio says of possible Trump support","Presidential candidate Marco Rubio Saturday warned fellow Republicans against the party being defined by Donald Trump, and suggested he may have to disavow the GOP frontrunner if Trump becomes the nominee.

""I still at this moment intend to support the Republican nominee,"" Rubio said. ""But … it's getting harder every day.”

Later, during a rally at an industrial park in Largo, Rubio told supporters of Trump:

""If he is our nominee, this is what our party is going to be defined by.""

Citing Trump's comments that he would like to punch a protester in the face, or that he would pay the legal fees of supporters who do so, Rubio said Trump's rhetoric is feeding into people's anger and encouraging behavior that leads to violence.

Rubio supporters said professional protesters appeared to start the problems at the Trump rally, but the billionaire's rhetoric has created a toxic atmosphere.

""It's kinda nice he says what he thinks,"" said April Powers, 54, an accountant from Pinellas Park, Fla. ""But sometimes he's just way over the top -- he's too much.""

Janet Rontos, 79, a retired school teacher from Largo, said Trump encourages rough stuff with his rhetoric.

""'Punch 'em in the face! Get 'em out of here!'"" she said, imitating Trump.

Rontos added, however, that ""he'll get away with it"" because Trump's supporters are so fervent.

After a strong showing in Thursday's Republican debate in Miami, Rubio is positioning himself as the anti-Trump vote in the Florida primary. Rubio had this message for the Florida supporters of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich.

""I don't blame people in Ohio if they conclude that, while they like me, the only way to stop Trump there is to vote for Kasich,"" Rubio said in Naples Friday. ""I have made the argument here in Florida that If you're a Ted Cruz supporter or a John Kasich supporter, voting for them in Florida means you're voting for Donald Trump because I am the only one who can beat him in Florida.""

He talked directly about the high stakes of Florida's outcome. ""I've always felt that the winner of the Florida primary is probably going to be the nominee,"" he said.

But he stopped short of saying he would drop out if he lost the primary in his home state. ""We haven't even thought about that,"" he said. ""We're just focused on winning Florida.""

In the chaos of a heated campaign, however, Rubio admited that he regrets the tone of his political attacks on Trump, although he said they were in response to Trump's own negativity.

Rubio spent about 15 minutes greeting people eating late lunches at the Yabba Island Grill and a crowd of about 200 supporters who crowded into Sugden Plaza with Rubio bumper stickers, signs and copies of Rubio's book 100 Innovative Ideas for Florida in downtown Naples on Friday afternoon. The crowd was made up largely of snowbirds, some from as far away as Iowa and Massachusetts, although a few locals ducked out from work to see their home state political celebrity.

""Marco gave me a hug,"" squealed Lindy Connor, a Massachusetts resident who is wintering in Sarasota. ""I told him I was from Massachusetts and I voted for him and he said wow and then I guess that he just had to give me a hug. I told him he has people who love him, even up in liberal land.""

Not every one in the crowd was a supporter, however. John Moore of Naples came out with a handmade sign held high urging Rubio to drop out of the race to give Cruz Florida's 99 delegates.

""I voted to send Rubio to the Senate,"" Moore said. ""He was the Tea Party's guy then and I gave him my vote. But now, he needs to reinforce his dedication to the cause and prove to me that he is really a patriot and step down in time to give Cruz our delegates.

“That is what a true conservative would do. He wouldn't let his ambition hurt the cause. He wouldn't let his political ambition serve up Florida, and most likely the United States, on a silver platter to Donald Trump.""",1
2388,There’s an infection hospitals can nearly always prevent. Why don’t they?,"There’s an infection hospitals can nearly always prevent. Why don’t they?

By one estimate, 210,000 deaths every year are associated with preventable harm caused by hospitals. Our multimedia feature ""Do no harm"" explores how different attitudes toward patient harm can make a difference between life and death for a patient. Vox reporter Sarah Kliff invited me along to document the reporting, which resulted in the following video.",1
